Is anyone having problems with Episode I001, the collection of clips featuring Anna I published yesterday? It works fine on my computer but I've heard from two customers who can't get it to play. Please let me know if it's not working for you and let me know what operating system and media player you're using. In the meantime, I've removed the clip from the store for now.
UPDATE: Yeah, there's a whoops. The video plays just fine on my computer, or apparently any computer using VLC, but not using Microsoft's video players for Windows. Stupid Windows. Fixing now.
Dylan and Carmen and Nancy are back today in Episode 627. I love Dylan and Carmen and their dynamic, but whenever they're around, I feel nervous. They're so wild and hyperactive, I'm really afraid that somebody will get injured one of these days. But considering the great video I get from these two, it'll probably be worth it.
Old favorites Sassy, Julie, and Amber play our balancing game, with the loser's nude body getting rubbed down by oil. Like, a lot of oil. Major glistening.
The same trio from this week is back again, and I figure that since these girls are so wild, they might as well be wild in front of a stranger, so a lucky pizza guy gets an eyeful. And a palmful of ass, but that wasn't planned. It's a simple game since the pizza had already been ordered and was on its way. I wanted to make sure the loser was good and naked by the time he arrived.
Hi Red, what are the chances of you doing a messy forfeit at some point where the losers are *really* made a mess of, I'm talking hair, face, heck tie em up if it helps their inability to escape the mess. Anyway still loving all the content just thought I'd drop by with a humble wish from a WAM fan.
@Anon 1:24 (please sign your posts, although I think I know who you are): Episode 631 will feature a blowjob. Need to shoot more b/g.
@Damnedable: Tying up the victim of a WAM, what a great idea! I'll definitely use it the next time I shoot a WAM. I'll also try to make sure she's completely gooped up head to toe.
I thought of forfeit that should not be that hard to do, you just need girls that are willing. The forfeit is, the loser must endure a butt plug while enjoying your Ben-wa balls in a forced orgasm.
Vids are looking good! I know we just had spanking this week, but any chance of a game where the loser has to be spanked by a professional spanker, not just a few whacks? I think it would make for a high intensity game with the thought of a real punishment on the line! Also, might be easier to convince some girls because there is no sex involved!
I downloaded the video with Anna and it didn't work with any Windows media player. However, it worked with bs and VLC.
Just my periodic reminder about the tickling/facesitting forfeit we've discussed. Any game suitable for 3-4 women with one loser (it occurs to me that Earth Wind and Fire or Candy-Passing could be good). For the forfeit, the loser is bound on a bed or on the floor, and the winners take turns on her: One winner sits on her face while the other(s) tickle and/or vibe the loser. The deal is the tickling doesn't stop until she's eaten all of the winners to orgasm.
Hi Red, I'd like to second the tickling forfeit above ^ that Scott mentioned. The clip where Crystal got tickle/vibed is among the best I've ever seen anywhere. The good thing is you can combine multiple forfeits to satisfy multiple preferences. And it really lets the girls personalities out since they have free reign on the loser. I'm personally a foot tickling fan but wouldn't mind seeing it combined with other punishments. Looking forward to your future work!
I'd like to request a forfeit I can only find you used once - loser gets the pubes removed with wax. Also, loser gets wax on one side only, leaving it looking ridiculous / humiliating as well as having lost the game. Been following you since Episode 1 was released and still love it (that was many $$$ ago - lol)
@Tomato Gamer: That's a cool looking game! I'll have to make sure I've got girls with nice fleshy asses to play it, though.
The task in the game is to carry as much tomatos to a plate by clinching the tomatos between the butt cheeks in a fixed time.
They carry the tomatos by clenching them between their butt cheeks(This is the reason why they must wear G-Strings).
It will be difficult to let the tomato drop on the flat plate without bowling it out of the plate. Therefore the girl must slowly get down before dropping the tomato on the plate.
At the end of the time (for example 1 minute) the girl with the least tomatos on her plate looses on article of clothing.
You can see a video where something similar was done. Just search by google for the video by typing:
Then the girls must race till a finish line. Then they must reverse and race from the finish line to the starting line. The girl who is the last back at the starting line gets cut off one article of clothing.
hey red just wondering if you could pleasee release one more b side? specifically the one with kodak or the one with anastasia thx bro all the girls are bomb lately
You wrote the missing title of clip - "strip elefino with Dylan and Carmen", but the game is - "strip elefino with Dylan and Geneva"
Add me to the list of people worried about Red! Only one post in the last few months, and that one seemed a little off, didn't it?
In episode 589 Strip Earth and Fire Jennie and scribbled writing over her body, what was the title of the episode where that happened and who else was in it. Are there any plans to show this other episode if there is one?
We are used to the absences on the comments, but it gets more concerning when you miss publishing a weekly update.
I hope this is not the end, because there is a ton of unreleased videos that I want to see. 1 I dont think I will, but still
Considering the new video out, I just hope Red is fine and he's only silent because he's been locked in a room developing Marvin II for the past 2 months.
Thanks for #640, Red. It's very close to forfeit I've discussed with you. Multiple girls and more tickling would be perfect! I hope it sells well!
Somewhat spoilerific question for episode #641 released October 12, 2018 -- so everyone, skip this if you don't want any outcome hints.
Had the two guys both lost, would they have had to take a shower together? I'd love to see a mixed game where the losers may be any two players, and would have to do something that, if not sexual, is erotically charged like touching each other's bodies while washing each other off. Would love to see two straight guys hoping both or at least one of the girls loses, only to find himself showering with another guy.
Red, if you're still checking the blog you should probably know today's post has the winner not covered up by a spoiler. Hope all is well and thank you as always for the great work.
Hi Red, Hoping you're still reading comments. I appreciated the nod to wet and messy fanatics such as myself in todays forfeit. While it was good progress, i'd like you to check out some of the videos on umd.net and the level of coverage they go for. If you want to appeal to WAM fetishists in a big way you should look to those sites for inspiration. sure some girls might not want to be truly engulfed in mess, but thats why its a forfeit :D still, enjoyed the vid, thanks a lot, and hope you're keeping well.
In the latest post (#645), the text refers to the Strip Body Shots target as Belle, when it is actually Amber. Also, there are no spoiler tags.
In response to the post above, I think you have Red all wrong. He has hared his physical limitations and relationships in the past. Do you remember when he talked of not being able to enjoy his own work in the future because of the health problems he faces? The old saying not to judge till you walk a mile in the other person's shoes applies. His videos still rock. How many other producers are so open as to have set up a blog. I look forward to whatever issue is holding Red back from replying to these posts is overcome.
Resume, Google Docs Resume was posted January 8, 2016 at 3:06 pm by novriadi.info . More over Google Docs Resume has viewed by 549 visitor.
Resume, Resume Template Google Docs was posted July 2, 2016 at 11:03 am by novriadi.info . More over Resume Template Google Docs has viewed by 611 visitor.
Resume, Google Doc Resume Template was posted August 30, 2018 at 11:27 pm by novriadi.info . More over Google Doc Resume Template has viewed by 489 visitor.
Resume, Resume Templates Google Docs was posted April 30, 2017 at 7:59 pm by novriadi.info . More over Resume Templates Google Docs has viewed by 830 visitor.
Resume, Resume On Google Docs was posted January 22, 2018 at 4:55 pm by novriadi.info . More over Resume On Google Docs has viewed by 536 visitor.
Resume, Google Docs Resume Template was posted June 25, 2018 at 11:01 am by novriadi.info . More over Google Docs Resume Template has viewed by 621 visitor.
Records indicate that Brookfield was named by Alexander Sutherland who was pastor of a church here in 1855. The first minister inducted into the Brookfield Presbyterian Church was Rev. William Ross in 1860. The present building was dedicated to the Glory of God on August 4, 1895. It was moved to its present site in October 1997 from near the corner. At that time the church hall was built, complete with kitchen, washrooms, space for Sunday School and a community hall.
The original land was donated by Thomas William Johnston and additional land was donated in 1997 by the Bert Dykerman family.
The present church building was built by Schurman, Clark & Company. In 1997 the church was moved by PD Construction and the new portion was built by D&C Construction with Wayne Houston doing plumbing and Don MacLeod the wiring.
In the early years the congregation was bilingual with Gaelic and English. In 1895 the pews were purchased by families but were deemed free in 1921.
The pump organ, which is still used by times, was presented in the early 1900’s by Donald E. and Neil Campbell. Prior to that, psalms and hymns were started by a presenter. There is now a keyboard which was purchased by the congregation in 1999. Electricity was introduced in 1939 and in 1957 the furnace was converted to burn oil.
There is a Gaelic Bible dated 1872 – a King James version with Rev. George Millar’s name 1895 – 1907; another presented by Mr. and Mrs. C.A. Hyndman in 1900; and the present pulpit Bible was donated in 1955 by Mr. and Mrs. Brenton Dollar.
The church is equipped with TV & VCR, overhead projector with screen, sound system, in-floor heating and a hot air furnace. The Brookfield Church has been associated with various other churches throughout its history; at present the Pastoral Charge is comprised of Brookfield, Hunter River and Glasgow Road.
Some of the extra activities of the church congregation are: Vacation Bible School which is hosted every third year in rotation with Hunter River and Glasgow Road; and the World’s Day of Prayer which is hosted every five years.
The mission group has functioned consistently since 1910, and in conjunction with three other churches hosted the Atlantic Mission Society’s 128th Annual Meeting in September 2004, the first time in recent history that a rural pastorate had hosted the annual meeting.
Pastoral Charge services are hosted on special occasions such as Christmas Eve, Easter Sunday and once in January 2005 for a Tsunami Relief Fundraiser. The most recent event was the hosting of Karuna Roy, a speaker from North India. The A.M.S., Sunday School and Youth Group meet on a regular basis. Bible Studies for the three congregations are also held.
The Glasgow Road Presbyterian Church is located on the Glasgow Road, Route 224, in the rural community of Ebenezer. The congregation is made up of 60 communicant members from 28 households, coming from Ebenezer, Wheatley River, Oyster Bed Bridge, Brackley Beach and North River. The people of our church are mainly farmers, business owners, skilled labourers, professionals and homemakers. There are a number of retired persons and students active in the church as well.
The history of the Glasgow Road Presbyterian Church began in the early 1800’s with people meeting in homes in the Rustico – Portage area. The first church was located adjacent to the Portage Cemetery in Brackley Beach. Although Portage Cemetery is considered a community and non-denominational cemetery it is still owned by the Glasgow Road Church. When the second church was built the location was changed to the present site on Glasgow Road. It was completed in 1876. The first service in the present structure was held in 1899. In 1983 a hall was added to the church and in 1993 a further addition added a bathroom and kitchen.
In the beginning, when the people met in homes, the services and prayer meetings were conducted by the Rev. Donald McDonald, a Church of Scotland minister. The congregation remained Church of Scotland until 1934 when a loose alliance was formed with the Brookfield Charge of the Presbyterian Church in Canada. In 1938 Glasgow Road officially became a member, along with Brookfield, Hunter River and Hartsville. Hartsville withdrew in 1981.
Over the years the ministry has been provided by ordained ministers, ordained missionaries, lay ministers and student ministers.
Music has always played an important role in church worship. Up until 1939 there wasn’t any musical instrument in the church. The hymns were started by a precentor. Today we have an organ and an electric piano. There has been a choir for many years and there is also a Praise Band. Evening song services are held occasionally.
Throughout the years there have been various organized groups and activities: Sunday School, Daily Vacation Bible School, Canadian Girls in Training, Young Peoples Society, Children of the Church, Women’s (Atlantic) Mission Society. Today there is an active Sunday School and Atlantic Mission Society. The three churches work together for VBS and Youth Groups.
The Hunter River Presbyterian Church congregation was formed and became part of the Brookfield, Hunter River and New Glasgow Charge in 1886. The congregation met at various places within the community until the present church was built in 1889. The church was officially opened in January 22, 1890. The church hall was constructed in 1979 – 1980.
At present there are approximately 30 families in the congregation. Most of these families live within the surrounding area, however some people, although living outside the area, continue to attend the church where they attended while growing up in the community.
The members and adherents of the congregation are business owners, professionals, skilled labourers, retired persons and students.
Over the years there have been a number of groups associated with the church: Sunday School, Nursery School, Atlantic Mission Society and Church Choir. There is also Vacation Bible School and Bible Study which are a joint group with Brookfield and Glasgow Road.
The church is well maintained by an active Board of Managers. The building is equipped with a sound system, television, VCR, over-head projector, organ and electric piano.
Music, and in particular the church choir, has always been important to our worship. During special services (joint with the other two churches) we often have a joint choir with choir members from all three churches taking part.
The Sessions of the three churches meet regularly as a Joint Session. This encourages us to work together as a Charge while still allowing us to function as three separate and distinct churches. We usually meet several times annually for joint services which more recently have been held at Brookfield Church which is the largest of the three churches. These services include Christmas Eve, Easter and other special services.
Hunter River church is supported by donations from the congregation which include two fundraising events annually. One of these events is held on the last Saturday in May – lobster and ham take out dinners. They are pre-sold and delivered to the door in the surrounding communities. This is a very successful event as the church has served as many as 850 dinners. This is a time where the congregation comes together and works very hard but thoroughly enjoys it! The other event, usually held in the fall, varies from a supper to a concert to a fashion show. The church is supportive of missions and also supports Camp Keir annually.
This Church was built in 1889 on land donated by James Patterson. It was officially opened on Jan. 22, 1890. Rev. A.A. MacKenzie a minister in Brookfield at the time motivated this building but due to ill health took a couple years off and came back as their minister from 1893 -1895. The first minister was Rev. James MacLennon. The ceiling was right to the roof. It was later lowered to make it easier to heat. At this time the pulpit was at the back of the church or what they called the front, by the doors where we come in. There were red window panes where the Memorial Stained Glass Windows is now. They were placed there by Mr and Mrs Vernon Noye as a Memorial in 1992. It had coal stoves and kerosene lamps on the wall. In 1919, they had Socials to put in electricity which cost $173.15. The light bill for the year was $10.20
It is believed that other Christian ministers or Laymen held services in the Orange Hall or a building later known as Coles Restaurant before that.
Mr Richard Bagnall was one of the residents who assisted in the building of the church. His wife was the first person buried in the cemetery. Her tombstone is just behind the church.
1904, was the first wedding, the daughter of Mr and Mrs George MacLeod, Miss Mamie MacLeod married Ernest Ellis.
Even though the Church was dedicated in 1890 a long period passed before any Elders were elected. The first Session Records found are in 1902.
In 1910, they hired a Janitor to light the stoves and lamps, scrub the church four times a year, sweep and dust every two weeks and clear away the snow for $15 a year. There is no information how long this went on but in 1980 Families were asked to volunteer to do janitorial duties for a month each year. In 1962 a furnace was donated by Wes Rollings.
In 1922 a committee was appointed to solicit subscriptions to buy a Memorial Tablet to name our soldiers who went to fight in the War. This Tablet used to be at the front of the church with the flags, now it is in the entrance. In 2003 the Veteran’s Monument was erected on the Church property.
In 1938 they celebrated their 48th Anniversary. Miss Janie Patterson donated tapestry for the choir and pulpit areas. The collection was $36 for the two services. In 1940, the 50th Anniversary was celebrated with two Communion Services.
In the early years, the Congregation had no Communion Set. One had to be borrowed from Brookfield, so in 1953 Mrs. A.W. Stewart donated our first Communion Set in memory of her husband who was an Elder for many years. In about 2000 when the First Christian Congregational Church on PEI closed in Breadalbane, they gave us our second Communion Set.
A Young Peoples Group started in 1949 and went for about 12 years. Sunday School was revived in 1968 and has continued ever since. Since about 1999 it has been held during the church service.
In 1957 the church underwent renovations inside. Two large windows were removed and a large window with coloured panes was installed behind the pulpit. These were covered over and a Cross put there in 2001. They had 3 services, two services with Communion, at which 140 took communion. Rev. Blaikie had the morning and evening services and Mr. Burton Smith, the student minister, had the afternoon service. The collection amounted to $200.
In 1978 we got a Canada Works grant to fix up the walls around the furnace, shingle the west side of the roof, paint the interior and exterior of the church, lay new carpet. Total cost $11,980. The light fixtures were placed in memory of James Andrews Sr. who was an Elder for 47 years. They were replaced in 2006 and rededicated by his 12 Grandchildren. Two services were held, one conducted by Kent Burdette and the evening service by Rev. Clair MacLeod. A Hammond Organ was dedicated in memory of Robert Toombs by his parents George and Millie Toombs and his brothers. It was replaced at our 100th Anniversary. In 1999 a piano was purchased.
On Aug. 11th, 2002, at the wishes of John VanEwyk before his death, the Family donated his Yamaha organ in his memory.
In 1979 with another Canada Works Grant, the sod was turned to build a church hall, (25 X 40 ft) for $28,805. Cupboards were built in the kitchen and a chemical toilet was put in. A toilet and basin were installed in 1996. A hot air furnace was installed.
In 1985, the short pews from the front were removed, the Altar was extended across the front of the sanctuary and ceiling fans were installed. In 1989 electric candles were placed on each window sill for the Christmas Season.
In 1990 we celebrated our 100th Anniversary with Rev. Donald Nicholson. Two additional services were held in the summer with Rev. Clair MacLeod and Rev. Peter Ruddell, former student ministers leading the services. Roma Andrews had written the church history and had some for sale.
In 2005 we celebrated our 100th Anniversary with Rev. Gordon Matheson, who also celebrated our 105th Anniversary in 2010.
In 1985 the Joint Choir of the three congregations presented a Cantata called “They Will Know Us by Our Love” under the direction of Allison Stewart. In 1996 under the direction of Carolyn Bertram they presented an Easter Cantata “Sacrifice of Glory”. They have been many faithful choir members over the years. One was Kent Smith’s Grandmother, Bertha Smith who was a member for over sixty years. Organist, Carolyn Bertram followed in the footsteps of her Great Grandmother, Mrs Bellinda Andrews, who was organist in the 1940’s and 50’s. Carolyn started being our organist in 1992 and came back full time after University.
June 1996 the 122nd General Assembly met in Charlottetown. Twenty delegates came to our worship service. Rev. Mark Buell was our minster. Rev. Stanley Self, who was a student here in 1951, had the service.
Sept. 24th – 26th, 2004, the 128th Annual Meeting of the AMS for the Atlantic Provinces met in the Brookfield Church hosted by Glasgow Road, Hartsville, Hunter River and Brookfield. This was the first time it was held in a country church. Our Society started back in 1905 under a different name.
In 2006 a foundation was put under the church, a basement entry, wheel chair ramp and landscaping was done with a loan from the Presbyterian Church Lending Fund. In 2009 the parking lot was paved.
We started having Lobster and Ham take out meals in 1982 which is one of our big fund raisers. In 1991 we had a concert to raise money to pay for the manse built in the fall of 1987, Fashion Shows and a few suppers held in the Fall. In 2006 we had the first Advent Tree Lighting Service.
Over the years we have had more students and supply ministers than ministers. We were blessed to have Rev. Beth Mattinson as our minister in 2005.
The Hunter River WMS was first mentioned in 1905. It was called WFHMS, Women’s Foreign and Home Mission Society. The name changed in 1915 to WMS, Women’s Mission Society. In 1988 the name was changed again to AMS, Atlantic Mission Society. They have bought supplies for the church and hall but their main purpose is Missions. They have had bake sales, catered to a meal, Thank Offering Services and at present they have a Special Day Box in the Church which on the last Sunday Service of the month, anyone who had a birthday, anniversary or a special day can put in a donation. Many faithful members have been made Life Members. Mary Bertram was President of PEI AMS Presbyterial for a two year term from 1999 – 2001. Janet MacPherson was Secretary from 2001 – 2008 and Shirley Andrews became Treasurer in 2001.
Nonetheless, you have a wide range of expense in putting together a professional impression with a website and continued promotion. There is absolutely no security behind you, and negotiating expenses is often exceptionally demeaning. Screening and undergoing many of the sometimes distasteful inquiries can in some cases remove the Wonderful fresh innocence that a Girls has when she's stored exceptional to Attractive gentlemen. On the other hand, you need to do have absolute Charge of your vocation with no person to answer to.
Hey! This great site has become thus far definitely beneficial as I'm a commencing escort. I've a question while, How would you depart once the time is above? Would you allow you five-ten minutes beforehand to shower and prepare to leave or Is that this once the total hour/2hours/ etcetera is in excess of?
Numerous feel that an escort is simply a glamorized Model of the prostitute, however it is much from where the reality basically lies. The consumer foundation for an escort is totally distinct than that for a prostitute.
You could possibly only do two, this relies upon and you simply won’t come across it until eventually you start escorting. Should you be in dire need of cash Then you can certainly do extra consumers.
Wow I really feel so sorry in your case sweetheart. I dislike to be the a single to tell you this but in my opinion the testimonials are accurate, your wife has actually been lying for you to either spare your sensation to keep you on board. In which you go from here is your decision though. Great luck.
Under no circumstances give your authentic name and place you live to some client because in this day and age with the online world It is exceptionally uncomplicated to track you down.
Developing a different identification completely: A distinct name, telephone number, and e mail handle. Specifically your images, make sure they don’t possess the exclusive features like a beginning mark, scratch, tattoo or nearly anything that will help spot you
Had been these artists all composing in a similar period? Which of them lent their tunes to operas? What's the suitable title for a track sung in an opera? - They are all Fundamentals you need to know. Which can be your favorite opera? Would you even genuinely like opera? One particular typically enjoys it or doesn't. What about ballet? Did you know the renowned historic Prima Donnas?
I'd personally say it just depends upon the client And just how the date is going. There’s some clientele who as soon as They may be carried out will Permit you understand you are able to depart, and it’s normally most effective to instead of lingering. On the other hand for those who’re using a excellent time and also the shopper is often a sweetheart, why rush out the door? I might usually Use a 15 moment alarm that goes off in my head.
After you accompany such someone, you are Section of his image And just how you handle by yourself among the other substantial profile folks issues a whole lot. In other words, the escort organization is very much a men and women company.
To locate these organizations, perform some thorough exploration. Once you've manufactured a short record, the sole how to become an escort way to actually exam an company is always to work with them. See where by they ship you, how they deal with you, what comes about when it is time to be compensated. The sole way for an company-staff members predicament to work is for each functions being sincere, clear and respectful. If both is deceitful or untrue, there isn't any way to carry on the advantageous arrangement easily.
Include things like elocution classes - Even though you sense you communicate effectively, the concurrence you converse beautifully from a professional orator is always a stunning affirmation!
If you're able to in shape that into your plan and get it done all by yourself, then Why don't you? But if you need to spend your “working” time basically “working” then it could seem sensible to go using an company, not less than to begin.
Foxy Kittens escort company Web page incorporates Grownup material ideal for People aged eighteen in addition or for people not within the UK who should abide with the sexual information legal guidelines in just their place.
Del Taco celebrated the opening of its 38th area in Las Vegas on Jan. 1. The new place is at 8125 Blue Diamond Road near Albertsons.
Drybar, a blowout bar, continues to broaden its presence in Las Vegas, opening 3 locations in the city in simply two years. The latest addition, which opened Apr. 20, is located on the very first floor of Style Show, simply actions from Las Vegas Boulevard between the Plaza entryway and Neiman Marcus. The third Las Vegas place joins existing shops at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, which opened December 2017, and The Wonder Mile Shops, which debuted July 2016. Drybar Fashion Show will include ten styling chairs in a store covering 1,858 square-feet. In addition to signature blowouts, the Fashion Program shop will likewise offer Dry Styling, where those brief on time can have curls, braids and more styled. Drybar shops include wine and Champagne at Fashion Show, and full-service bars with signature mixed drinks at The Cosmopolitan and Miracle Mile.
Family Dollar Stores, Inc., a leading little format and convenience merchant, has actually announced prepare for a new shop in Las Vegas, Nevada. The store opened to the general public on Feb. 22. The Las Vegas store lies at 7595 Vegas Drive.
Fingerprinting Express, providing digital fingerprinting and background checks, has actually opened a fourth area in Nevada. The new Las Vegas website is located near UNLV at 1350 E Flamingo Road, # 11, Las Vegas, NV 89119.
Flower Child, Las Vegas' brand-new healthy, fast-casual restaurant by Sam Fox, formally opened its doors on May 2.
Understood for its Chicago deep-dish pizza, Giordano's celebrated its grand opening at Boca Park on Pi Day, Mar. 14. The Early morning Blend's J.J. Snyder hosted a cheese pull competition at the occasion where three rivals tried to raise their pizza slice the highest without breaking the cheese. The winner, Scott Fujinaga, took home a Giordano's Cheese Pull Prize and a $100 gift card.
Leading omni-channel sports certified merchant LIDS Sports Group opened a brand-new model LIDS store at Downtown Summerlin in Las Vegas on May 11. The new shop area consists of COVERS' brand-new shop design concept, which includes a totally revamped shop embodying a brand-new shopping experience for customers. The company also just recently opened a Locker Space by LIDS at the Las Vegas South Premium Outlets in January, and prepares to open another area at the Circus Circus Casino this summer.
Lumber Liquidators opened weblink a new shop in Las Vegas on Mar. 30. The 8,054 sq.ft. shop-- situated at 1272 South Nellis Boulevard-- includes a warehouse and a showroom that provides a selection of floor covering alternatives, devices, tools and moldings to help do-it-yourselfers and experts. A variety of floorings are likewise set up so consumers can stroll on different flooring types. The shop, which is the Company's fourth store in Nevada, showcases more than 400 flooring varieties, including solid hardwood, crafted wood, bamboo, cork, vinyl wood slab and laminate sourced from The United States and Canada and Europe. Buyers can scan in-store QR codes utilizing the business's Flooring Finder App, take home totally free floor covering samples and seek advice from Lumber Liquidators floor covering specialists relating to crucial flooring decisions.
Morphe opened its first-to-market and ninth retail place at Wonder Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas on June 8. The shop is 3,100 square feet, permitting clients to shop Morphe's full spectrum of professional quality tools and makeup. Doors open to the public at 7 a.m. and the occasion will officially kick off at 10 a.m. with a ribbon cutting ceremony featuring a surprise guest.
Spirit & Glow, a store soul center situated at 9480 S. Eastern Ave., Suite 269, celebrated its grand opening on Mar. 10. The boutique is consisted of psychics, mediums, spiritual coaches, energy specialists, yoga, Pilates teachers and more.
The Sugar Cookie has opened its second area, this time in Henderson at 10960 S. Eastern Ave. Suite 109. In event of the growth, The Sugar Cookie rolled out two sweet brand-new cookie tastes: Cinnamon Roll with cream cheese frosting and candied walnuts and Chocolate Caramel with sea salt.
Karma and Luck is opening its 13th Las Vegas location at Fashion Program shopping center on Sept. 12. There will be a full day of occasions to commemorate the opening consisting of sage and blessing with Mystic Mona at 11 a.m., tarot card readings, a crystal healing discussion, and information on instinctive Feng Shui for house and office with James Phoenix. 20 percent of check over here all sales on Sept. 12 will be donated to Make-A-Wish.
Crisis healthcare professionals (EMTs) and paramedics look after the sick or injured in emergency medical options. Persons’s lives frequently count on the quick response and proficient care furnished by these workers.
Are you able to minimize you, crawl into the Tarrasque's airway, and take a look at to collapse its lung by enlarging inside of it?
Computer science assistant professor Aravind Prakash obtained an almost $800,000 grant with the Office environment of Naval Analysis for an ambitious project to help bridge the gaps in computer packages that effects safety and functionality. Browse more details on the project
Aka IT Auditor, Information and facts Units Auditor. Standard tasks / skills: examining and recommending compliance processes, especially for a publicly-traded company; identify and assess possibility pertaining to technology, both equally for one spot along with other corporate workplaces; audit an organization’s computer programs and infrastructure for secureness; adjust to company audit procedures (e.
Aka Software Architect. This title is typically misused and placed on what would if not be considered a program developer or software package engineer place. Standard duties/ abilities: wide knowledge of program utilized inside of a corporation; project administration expertise; senior-degree software program enhancement knowledge; broadly oversee your entire application growth (application portfolio) energy for an organization; outline software architecture; interact with navigate to this website the varied part-distinct architects, project manager, purchaser Associates; interact with builders while imposing architecture.
Undergraduates can earn a maximum of six semester credits by cooperative training that use towards degree prerequisites. For further information, begin to see the Career Growth Products and services area you could try these out of the Catalog.
So, don't get worried If you don't completely comprehend what it's. We will return to them time and again again.
Photographers use their complex expertise, creativeness, and composition skills to make and maintain pictures that explain to a Tale or history an celebration. perspective profile »
Explore the contacting actions and calling stack particulars from this source when a method known as. Very simple example for DNA code for matched pairs can also be presented.
Unique subject areas in computer science which aren't portion of the current curriculum for the freshman/sophomore degree.
This Net-centered course demands unbiased responsibility and on the internet interaction abilities to the part of the student. Conditions: A quality of C or much better in CS 250 or CS 333.
Introduce the idea of call by price and get in touch with by reference. More specific instance in DNA encoding in string is introduced.
Our community customers frequently make breakthroughs that help people today to speak a lot more conveniently, regulate their environments extra successfully, and lead extra comfy life than in the past before.
Chemists and elements scientists examine substances at the atomic and molecular degrees and evaluate the ways that the substances communicate with each other. They use their understanding to acquire new and improved solutions and to test the caliber of created goods. look at profile »
In order to continue to financially support the Senior Games through Office for Aging funding, new regulations require us to obtain written consent (page 3 of the registration forms). By completing
the informed consent form and sending it with your application, you are contributing to potential funding in the future.
The senior games offer senior citizens the opportunity to stay active through friendly competitive athletic events. Anyone 55 years and older are invited to participate. There is no residency requirement.
Currently Broome County offers the following events: billiards, bocce, bowling, competitive volleyball, disc golf, floor shuffleboard, golf, pickleball, ping pong, racquetball, recreational volleyball, softball and tennis. The games run from August thru November.
Every participant must complete a registration form and pay a fee. The fee is $12 (bowling & golf have an additional fee). All participants will receive one senior games T-shirt and prizes are awarded to event winners.
Golf and Bowling are divided by gender and age categories. Team events are as follows: volleyball: competitive & recreational, softball.
Broome County Office for Aging now accepts online contributions and donations. These can be made with a major credit, debit, or prepaid debit card.
I have a question to offer you. It is contained in three words, "Do you pray?" The question is one that none but you can answer. Whether you attend public worship or not, your minister knows; whether you have family prayers in your house or not, your relations know, but whether you pray in private or not, is a matter between yourself and God.
I beseech you in all affection to attend to the subject I bring before you. Do not say that my question is too close, If your heart is right in the sight of God, there is nothing in it to make you afraid. Do not turn off my question by replying that you say your prayers. It is one thing-to say your prayers and another to pray. Do not tell me that my question is unnecessary. Listen to me for a few minutes, and I will show you good reasons for asking it.
I say, absolutely needful, and I say so advisedly. I am not speaking now of infants or idiots. I am not settling the state of the heathen. I know that where little is given, there little will be required. I speak especially of those who call themselves Christians, in a land like our own. And of such I say, no man or woman can expect to be saved who does not pray.
I hold salvation by grace as strongly as anyone. I would gladly offer a free and full pardon to the greatest sinner that ever lived. I would not hesitate to stand by his dying bed, and say, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ even now, and you shall be saved." But that a man can have Salvation without asking for it, I cannot see in the Bible. That a man will receive pardon of his sins, who will not so much as lift up his heart inwardly, and say, "Lord Jesus, give it to me," this I cannot find. I can find that nobody will be saved by his prayers, but I cannot find that without prayer anybody will be Saved.
It is not absolutely needful to salvation that a man should read the Bible. A man may have no learning, or be blind, and yet have Christ in his heart. It is not absolutely needful that a man should hear public preaching of the gospel. He may live where the gospel is not preached, or he may be bedridden, or deaf. But the same thing cannot be said about prayer. It is absolutely needful to salvation that a man should pray.
There is no royal road either to health or learning. Princes and kings, poor men and peasants, all alike must attend to the wants of their own bodies and their own minds. No man can eat, drink, or sleep by proxy. No man can get the alphabet learned for him by another. All these are things which everybody must do for himself, or they will not be done at all.
Just as it is with the mind and body, so it is with the soul. There are certain things absolutely needful to the soul's health and well-being. Each must attend to these things for himself. Each must repent for himself. Each must apply to Christ for himself. And for himself each must speak to God and pray. You must do it for yourself, for by nobody else can it be done.
To be prayerless is to be without God, without Christ, without grace, without hope, and without heaven. It is to be on the road to hell. Now can you wonder that I ask the question, Do you pray?
All the children of God on earth are alike in this respect. From the moment there is any life and reality about their religion, they pray. Just as the first sign of life in an infant when born into the world is the act of breathing, so the first act of men and women when they are born again is praying.
This is one of the common marks of all the elect of God, "They cry unto him day and night" (Luke 18:1). The Holy Spirit, who makes them new creatures, works in them the feeling of adoption, and makes them cry, "Abba, Father" (Romans 8:15). The Lord Jesus, when he quickens them, gives them a voice and a tongue, and says to them, "Be dumb no more." God has no dumb children. It is as much a part of their new nature to pray, as it is of a child to cry. They see their need of mercy and grace. They feel their emptiness and weakness. They cannot do otherwise than they do. They must pray.
I have looked carefully over the lives of God's saints in the Bible. I cannot find one of whose history much is told us, from Genesis to Revelation, who was not a man of prayer. I find it mentioned as a characteristic of the godly, that "they call on the Father" (1Peter 1:17), or "the name of the Lord Jesus Christ" (1Corinthians 1:2). Recorded as a characteristic of the wicked is the fact that "they call not upon the Lord" (Psalm 14:4).
I have read the lives of many eminent Christians who have been on earth since the Bible days. Some of them, I see, were rich, and some poor. Some were learned, and some unlearned. Some of them were Episcopalians, and some Christians of other names. Some were Calvinists, and some were Arminians. Some have loved to use a liturgy, and some to use none. But one thing, I see, they all had in common. They have all been men of prayer.
I study the reports of missionary societies in our own times. I see with joy that heathen men and women are receiving the gospel in various parts of the globe. There are conversions in Africa, in New Zealand, in Hindustan, in China. The people converted are naturally unlike one another in every respect. But one striking thing I observe at all the missionary stations: the converted people always pray.
I do not deny that a man may pray without heart and without sincerity. I do not for a moment pretend to say that the mere fact of a person's praying proves everything about his soul. As in every other part of religion, so also in this, there may be deception and hypocrisy.
But this I do say, that not praying is a clear proof that a man is not yet a true Christian. He cannot really feel his sins. He cannot love God. He cannot feel himself a debtor to Christ, He cannot long after holiness. He cannot desire heaven. He has yet to be born again. He has yet to be made a new creature. He may boast confidently of election, grace, faith, hope, and knowledge, and deceive ignorant people. But you may rest assured it is all vain talk if he does not pray.
And I say, furthermore, that of all the evidences of the real work of the Spirit, a habit of hearty private prayer is one of the most satisfactory that can be named. A man may preach from false motives. A man may write books and make fine speeches and seem diligent in good works, and yet be a Judas Iscariot. But a man seldom goes into his closet, and pours out his soul before God in secret, unless he is in earnest. The Lord himself has set his stamp on prayer as the best proof of a true conversion. When he sent Ananias to Saul in Damascus, he gave him no other evidence of his change of heart than this, "Behold, he prayeth" (Acts 9:11).
I know that much may go on in a man's mind before he is brought to pray. He may have many convictions, desires, wishes, feelings, intentions, resolutions, hopes, and fears. But all these things are very uncertain evidences. They are to be found in ungodly people, and often come to nothing. In many a case they are not more lasting than the morning cloud and the dew that passeth away. A real, hearty prayer, coming from a broken and contrite spirit, is worth all these things put together.
I know that the Holy Spirit, who calls sinners from their evil ways, does in many instances lead them by very slow degrees to acquaintance with Christ. But the eye of man can only judge by what it sees. I cannot call any one justified until he believes. I dare not say that any one believes until he prays. I cannot understand a dumb faith; the first act of faith will be to speak to God. Faith is to the soul what life is to the body. Prayer is to faith what breath is to life. How a man can live and not breathe is past my comprehension, and how a man can believe and not pray is past my comprehension too.
Never be surprised if you hear ministers of the gospel dwelling much on the importance of prayer. This is the point we want to bring you to; we want to know that you pray. Your views of doctrine may be correct. Your love of Protestantism may be warm and unmistakable. But still this may be nothing more than head knowledge and party spirit. We want to know whether you are actually acquainted with the throne of grace, and whether you can speak to God as well as speak about God.
Do you wish to find out whether you are a true Christian? Then rest assured that my question is of the very first importance — Do you pray?
We live in days of abounding religious profession. There are more places of public worship now than there ever were before. There are more persons attending them than there ever were before. And yet in spite of all this public religion, I believe there is a vast neglect of private prayer. It is one of those private transactions between God and our souls which no eye sees, and therefore one which men are tempted to pass over and leave undone.
I believe that thousands never utter a word of prayer at all. They eat. They drink. They sleep. They "rise. They go forth to their labor. They return to their homes. They breathe God's air. They see God's sun. They walk on God's earth. They enjoy God's mercies. They have dying bodies. They have judgment and eternity before them. But they never speak to God. They live like the beasts that perish. They behave like creatures without souls. They have not one word to say to Him in whose hand are their life and breath, and all things, and from whose mouth they must one day receive their everlasting sentence. How dreadful this seems; but if the secrets of men were only known, how common.
I believe there are tens of thousands whose prayers are nothing but a mere form, a set of words repeated by rote, without a thought about their meaning.
Some say over a few hasty sentences picked up in the nursery when they were children. Some content themselves with repeating the Creed, forgetting that there is not a request in it. Some add the Lord's Prayer, but without the slightest desire that its solemn petitions may be granted.
Many, even of those who use good forms, mutter their prayers after they have gotten into bed, or while they wash or dress in the morning. Men may think what they please, but they may depend upon it that in the sight of God this is not praying. Words said without heart are as utterly useless to our souls as the drum beating of the poor heathen before their idols. Where there is no heart, there may be lip work and tongue work, but there is nothing that God listens to; there is no prayer. Saul, I have no doubt, said many a long prayer before the Lord met him on the way to Damascus. But it was not till his heart was broken.
Does this surprise you? Listen to me, and I will show you that I am not speaking as I do without reason. Do you think that my assertions are extravagant and unwarrantable? Give me your attention, and I will soon show you that I am only telling you the truth.
Have you forgotten that it is not natural to anyone to pray? "The carnal mind is enmity against God." The desire of man's heart is to get far away from God, and have nothing to do with him. His feeling towards him is not love, but fear. Why then should a man pray when he has no real sense of sin, no real feeling of spiritual wants, no thorough belief in unseen things, no desire after holiness and heaven? Of all these things the vast majority of men know and feel nothing. The multitude walk in the broad way. I cannot forget this. Therefore I say boldly, I believe that few pray.
Have you forgotten that it is not fashionable to pray? It is one of the things that many would be rather ashamed to own. There are hundreds who would sooner storm a breach, or lead a forlorn hope, than confess publicly that they make a habit of prayer. There are thousands who, if obliged to sleep in the same room with a stranger, would lie down in bed without a prayer. To dress well, to go to theaters, to be thought clever and agreeable, all this is fashionable, but not to pray. I cannot forget this. I cannot think a habit is common which so many seem ashamed to own. I believe that few pray.
Have you forgotten the lives that many live? Can we really believe that people are praying against sin night and day, when we see them plunging into it? Can we suppose they pray against the world, when they are entirely absorbed and taken up with its pursuits? Can we think they really ask God for grace to serve him, when they do not show the slightest desire to serve him at all? Oh, no, it is plain as daylight that the great majority of men either ask nothing of God or do not mean what they say when they do ask, which is just the same thing. Praying and sinning will never live together in the same heart. Prayer will consume sin, or sin will choke prayer. I cannot forget this. I look at men's lives. I believe that few pray.
Have you forgotten the deaths that many die? How many, when they draw near death, seem entirely strangers to God. Not only are they sadly ignorant of his gospel, but sadly wanting in the power of speaking to him. There is a terrible awkwardness and shyness in their endeavors to approach him. They seem to be taking up a fresh thing. They appear as if they wanted an introduction to God, and as if they had never talked with him before. I remember having heard of a lady who was anxious to have a minister to visit her in her last illness. She desired that he would pray with her. He asked her what he should pray for. She did not know, and could not tell. She was utterly unable to name any one thing which she wished him to ask God for her soul. All she seemed to want was the form of a minister's prayers. I can quite understand this. Death beds are great revealers of secrets. I cannot forget what I have seen of sick and dying people. This also leads me to believe that few pray.
I cannot see your heart. I do not know your private history in spiritual things. But from what I see in the Bible and in the world I am certain I cannot ask you a more necessary question than that before you — Do you pray?
There is everything on God's part to make prayer easy, if men will only attempt it. All things are ready on his side. Every objection is anticipated. Every difficulty is provided for. The crooked places are made straight and the rough places are made smooth. There is no excuse left for the prayerless man.
There is a way by which any man, however sinful and unworthy, may draw near to God the Father. Jesus Christ has opened that way by the sacrifice he made for us upon the cross. The holiness and justice of God need not frighten sinners and keep them back. Only let them cry to God in the name of Jesus, only let them plead the atoning blood of Jesus, and they shall find God upon a throne of grace, willing and ready to hear. The name of Jesus is a never-failing passport for our prayers. In that name a man may draw near to God with boldness, and ask with confidence. God has engaged to hear him. Think of this. Is not this encouragement?
There is an Advocate and Intercessor always waiting to present the prayers of those who come to God through him. That advocate is Jesus Christ. He mingles our prayers with the incense of his own almighty intercession. So mingled, they go up as a sweet savor before the throne of God. Poor as they are in themselves, they are mighty and powerful in the hand of our High Priest and Elder Brother. The bank note without a signature at the bottom is nothing but a worthless piece of paper. The stroke of a pen confers on it all its value. The prayer of a poor child of Adam is a feeble thing in itself, but once endorsed by the hand of the Lord Jesus it availeth much. There was an officer in the city of Rome who was appointed to have his doors always open, in order to receive any Roman citizen who applied to him for help. Just so the ear of the Lord Jesus is ever open to the cry of all who want mercy and grace. It is his office to help them. Their prayer is his delight. Think of this. Is not this encouragement?
There is the Holy Spirit ever ready to help our infirmities in prayer. It is one part of his special office to assist us in our endeavors to speak-with God. We need not be cast down and distressed by the fear of not knowing what to say. The Spirit will give us words if we seek his aid. The prayers of the Lord's people are the inspiration of the Lord's Spirit, the work of the Holy Ghost who dwells within them as the Spirit of grace and supplication. Surely the Lord's people may well hope to be heard. It is not they merely that pray, but the Holy Ghost pleading in them. Reader, think of this. Is not this encouragement?
There are exceeding great and precious promises to those who pray. What did the Lord Jesus mean when he spoke such words as these: "Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: for every one that asketh, receiveth; and he that seeketh, findeth; and to him that knocketh, it shall be opened" (Matthew 7:7-8). "All things whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer believing, ye shall receive" (Matthew 21:22). "Whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. If ye shall ask anything in my name, I will do it" (John 14:13-14). What did the Lord mean when he spoke the parables of the friend at midnight and the importunate widow (Luke 11:5; 18:1)? Think over these passages. If this is not encouragement to pray, words have no meaning.
There are wonderful examples in Scripture of the power of prayer. Nothing seems to be too great, too hard, or too difficult for prayer to do. It has obtained things that seemed impossible and out of reach. It has won victories over fire, air, earth, and water. Prayer opened the Red Sea. Prayer brought water from the rock and bread from heaven. Prayer made the sun stand still. Prayer brought fire from the sky on Elijah's sacrifice. Prayer turned the counsel of Ahithophel into foolishness. Prayer overthrew the army of Sennacherib. Well might Mary Queen of Scots say, "I fear John Knox's prayers more than an army of ten thousand men." Prayer has healed the sick. Prayer has raised the dead. Prayer has procured the conversion of souls. "The child of many prayers," said an old Christian to Augustine's mother, "shall never perish." Prayer, pains, and faith can do anything. Nothing seems impossible when a man has the spirit of adoption. "Let me alone," is the remarkable saying of God to Moses when Moses was about to intercede for the children of Israel — the Chaldee version has, "Leave off praying" – (Exodus 32:10). So long as Abraham asked mercy for Sodom, the Lord went on giving. He never ceased to give till Abraham ceased to pray. Think of this. Is not this encouragement?
What more can a man want to lead him to take any step in religion, than the things I have just told him about prayer? What more could be done to make the path to the mercy seat easy, and to remove all occasions of stumbling from the sinner's way? Surely if the devils in hell had such a door set open before them, they would leap for gladness, and make the very pit ring with joy.
But where will the man hide his head at last who neglects such glorious encouragements? What can possibly be said for the man who, after all, dies without prayer? Surely I may feel anxious that you should not be that man. Surely I may well ask — Do you pray?
Without controversy there is a vast difference among true Christians. There is an immense interval between the foremost and the hindermost in the army of God.
They are all fighting the same good fight but how much more valiantly some fight than others. They are all doing the Lord's work but how much more some do than others. They are all light in the Lord; but how much more brightly some shine than others. They are all running the same race; but how much faster some get on than others. They all love the same Lord and Saviour; but how much more some love him than others. I ask any true Christian whether this is not the case. Are not these things so?
There are some of the Lord's people who seem never able to get on from the time of their conversion. They are born again, but they remain babes all their lives. You hear from them the same old experience. You remark in them the same want of spiritual appetite, the same want of interest in anything beyond their own little circle, which you remarked ten years ago. They are pilgrims, indeed, but pilgrims like the Gibeonites of old; their bread is always dry and moldy, their shoes always old, and their garments always rent and torn. I say this with sorrow and grief; but I ask any real Christian, Is it not true?
There are others of the Lord's people who seem to be always advancing. They grow like the grass after rain; they increase like Israel in Egypt; they press on like Gideon, though sometimes faint, yet always pursuing. They are ever adding grace to grace, and faith to faith, and strength to strength. Every time you meet them their hearts seem larger, and their spiritual stature taller and stronger. Every year they appear to see more, and know more, and believe more, and feel more in their religion. They not only have good works to prove the reality of their faith, but they are zealous of them. They not only do well, but they are unwearied in well-doing. They attempt great things, and they do great things. When they fail they try again, and when they fall they are soon up again. And all this time they think themselves poor, unprofitable servants, and fancy they do nothing at all. These are those who make religion lovely and beautiful in the eyes of all. They wrest praise even from the unconverted and win golden opinions even from the selfish men of the world.
It does one good to see, to be with, and to hear them. When you meet them, you could believe that like Moses, they had just come out from the presence of God. When you part with them you feel warmed by their company, as if your soul had been near a fire. I know such people are rare. I only ask, Are there not many such?
Now how can we account, for the difference which I have just described? What is the reason that some believers are so much brighter and holier than others? I believe the difference, in nineteen cases out of twenty, arises from different habits about private prayer. I believe that those who are not eminently holy pray little, and those who are eminently holy pray much.
I dare say this opinion will startle some readers, i have little doubt that many look on eminent holiness as a kind of special gift, which none but a few must pretend to aim at. They admire it at a distance in books. They think it beautiful when they see an example near themselves. But as to its being a thing within the reach of any but a very few, such a notion never seems to enter their minds. In short, they consider it a kind of monopoly granted to a few favored believers, but certainly not to all.
Now I believe that this is a most dangerous mistake. I believe that spiritual as well as natural greatness depends in a high degree on the faithful use of means within everybody's reach. Of course I do not say we have a right to expect a miraculous grant of intellectual gifts; but this I do say, that when a man is once converted to God, his progress in holiness will be much in accordance with his own diligence in the use of God's appointed means. And I assert confidently that the principal means by which most believers have become great in the church of Christ is the habit of diligent private prayer.
Look through the lives of the brightest and best of God's servants, whether in the Bible or not. See what is written of Moses and David and Daniel and Paul. Mark what is recorded of Luther and Bradford the Reformers. Observe what is related of the private devotions of Whitefield and Cecil and Venn and Bickersteth and M'Cheyne. Tell me of one of all the goodly fellowship of saints and martyrs, who has not had this mark most prominently — he was a man of prayer. Depend upon it, prayer is power.
Prayer obtains fresh and continued outpourings of the Spirit. He alone begins the work of grace in a man's heart. He alone can carry it forward and make it prosper. But the good Spirit loves to be entreated. And those who ask most will have most of his influence.
Prayer is the surest remedy against the devil and besetting sins. That sin will never stand firm which is heartily prayed against. That devil will never long keep dominion over us which we beseech the Lord to cast forth. But then we must spread out all our case before our heavenly Physician, if he is to give us daily relief.
Do you wish to grow in grace and be a devoted Christian? Be very sure, if you wish it, you could not have a more important question than this — Do you pray?
There is such a thing as going back in religion after making a good profession. Men may run well for a season, like the Galatians, and then turn aside after false teachers. Men may profess loudly while their feelings are warm, as Peter did, and then in the hour of trial deny their Lord. Men may lose their first love as the Ephesians did. Men may cool down in their zeal to do good, like Mark the companion of Paul. Men may follow an apostle for a season, and like Demas go back to the world. All these things men may do.
It is a miserable thing to be a backslider. Of all unhappy things that can befall a man, I suppose it is the worst. A stranded ship, a broken-winged eagle, a garden overrun with weeds, a harp without strings, a church in ruins, all these are sad sights, but a backslider is a sadder sight still. A wounded conscience – a mind sick of itself – a memory full of self-reproach – a heart pierced through with the Lord's arrows – a spirit broken with a load of inward accusation – all this is a taste of hell. It is a hell on earth. Truly that saying of the wise man is solemn and weighty, "The backslider in heart shall be filled with his own ways" (Proverbs 14:14).
Now what is the cause of most backslidings? I believe, as a general rule, one of the chief causes is neglect of private prayer. Of course the secret history of falls will not be known till the last day. I can only give my opinion as a minister of Christ and a student of the heart. That opinion is, I repeat distinctly, that backsliding generally first begins with neglect of private prayer.
Bibles read without prayer; sermons heard without prayer; marriages contracted without prayer; journeys undertaken without prayer; residences chosen without prayer; friendships formed without prayer; the daily act of private prayer itself hurried over, or gone through without heart: these are the kind of downward steps by which many a Christian descends to a condition of spiritual palsy, or reaches the point where God allows him to have a tremendous fall.
This is the process which forms the lingering Lots, the unstable Samsons, the wife-idolizing Solomons, the inconsistent Asas, the pliable Jehoshaphats, the over-careful Marthas, of whom so many are to be found in the church of Christ. Often the simple history of such cases is this: they became careless about private prayer.
You may be very sure men fall in private long before they fall in public. They are backsliders on their knees long before they backslide openly in the eyes of the world. Like Peter, they first disregard the Lord's warning to watch and pray, and then like Peter, their strength is gone, and in the hour of temptation they deny their Lord.
The world takes notice of their fall, and scoffs loudly. But the world knows nothing of the real reason. The heathen succeeded in making a well-known Christian offer incense to an idol, by threatening him with a punishment worse than death. They then triumphed greatly at the sight of his cowardice and apostasy. But the heathen did not know the fact of which history informs us, that on that very morning he had left his bed chamber hastily, and without finishing his usual prayers.
If you are a Christian indeed, I trust you will never be a backslider. But if you do not wish to be a backsliding Christian, remember the question I ask you: Do you pray?
I ask, lastly, whether you pray because prayer is one of the best means of happiness and contentment.
We live in a world where sorrow abounds. This has always been its state since sin came in. There cannot be sin without sorrow. And until sin is driven out from the world, it is vain for anyone to suppose he can escape sorrow.
Some without doubt have a larger cup of sorrow to drink than others. But few are to be found who live long without sorrows or cares of one sort or another. Our bodies, our property, our families, our children, our relations, our servants, our friends, our neighbors, our worldly callings, each and all of these are fountains of care. Sicknesses, deaths, losses, disappointments, partings, separations, ingratitude, slander, all these are common things. We cannot get through life without them. Some day or other they find us out. The greater are our affections the deeper are our afflictions, and the more we love the more we have to weep.
And what is the best means of cheerfulness in such a world as this? How shall we get through this valley of tears with least pain? I know no better means than the regular, habitual practice of taking everything to God in prayer.
This is the plain advice that the Bible gives, both in the Old Testament and the New. What says the psalmist? "Call upon me in the day of trouble, and I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me" (Psalm 50:15). "Cast thy burden upon the Lord, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved" (Psalm 55:22). What says the apostle Paul? "Be careful for nothing; but in everything, by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God: and the peace of God, which passeth all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus" (Philippians 4:6-7). What says the apostle James? "Is any afflicted among you? let him pray" (James 5:13).
This was the practice of all the saints whose history we have recorded in the Scriptures. This is what Jacob did when he feared his brother Esau. This is what Moses did when the people were ready to stone him in the wilderness. This is what Joshua did when Israel was defeated before the men of Ai. This is what David did when he was in danger at Keilah. This is what Hezekiah did when he received the letter from Sennacherib. This is what the church did when Peter was put in prison. This is what Paul did when he was cast into the dungeon at Philippi.
The only way to be really happy in such a world as this, is to be ever casting all our cares on God. It is trying to carry their own burdens which so often makes believers sad. If they will tell their troubles to God, he will enable them to bear them as easily as Samson did the gates of Gaza. If they are resolved to keep them to themselves, they will find one day that the very grasshopper is a burden.
There is a friend ever waiting to help us, if we will unbosom to him our sorrow – a friend who pitied the poor and sick and sorrowful, when he was upon earth - a friend who knows the heart of man, for he lived thirty-three years as a man among us – a friend who can weep with the weepers, for he was a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief – a friend who is able to help us, for there never was earthly pain he could not cure. That friend is Jesus Christ. The way to be happy is to be always opening our hearts to him. Oh that we were all like that poor Christian who only answered, when threatened and punished, "I must tell the Lord."
Jesus can make those happy who trust him and call on him, whatever be their outward condition. He can give them peace of heart in a prison, contentment in the midst of poverty, comfort in the midst of bereavements, joy on the brink of the grave. There is a mighty fulness in him for all his believing members – a fulness that is ready to be poured out on every one that will ask in prayer. Oh that men would understand that happiness does not depend on outward circumstances, but on the state of the heart.
Prayer can lighten crosses for us, however heavy. It can bring down to our side One who will help us to bear them. Prayer can open a door for us when our way seems hedged up. It can bring down One who will say, "This is the way, walk in it." Prayer can let in a ray of hope when all our earthly prospects seem darkened. It can bring down One who will say, "I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee." Prayer can obtain-relief for us when those we love most are taken away, and the world feels empty. It can bring down One who can fill the gap in our hearts with himself, and say to the waves within, "Peace; be still." Oh that men were not so like Hagar in the wilderness, blind to the well of living waters close beside them.
And now it is high time for me to bring this tract to an end. I trust I have brought before you things that will be seriously considered. I heartily pray God that this consideration may be blessed to your soul.
Let me speak a parting word to those who do not pray. I dare not suppose that all who read these pages are praying people. If you are a prayerless person, suffer me to speak to you this day on God's behalf.
Prayerless reader, I can only warn you, but I do warn you most solemnly. I warn you that you are in a position of fearful danger. If you die in your present state, you are a lost soul. You will only rise again to be eternally miserable. I warn you that of all professing Christians you are most utterly without excuse. There is not a single good reason that you can show for living without prayer.
It is useless to say you know not how to pray. Prayer is the simplest act in all religion. It is simply speaking to God. It needs neither learning nor wisdom nor book knowledge to begin it. It needs nothing but heart and will. The weakest infant can cry when he is hungry. The poorest beggar can hold out his hand for alms, and does not wait to find fine words. The most ignorant man will find something to say to God, if he has only a mind.
It is useless to say you have no convenient place to pray in. Any man can find a place private enough, if he is disposed. Our Lord prayed on a mountain; Peter on the housetop; Isaac in the field; Nathanael under the fig tree; Jonah in the whale's belly. Any place may become a closet, an oratory, and a Bethel, and be to us the presence of God.
It is useless to' say you have no time. There is plenty of time, if men will employ it. Time may be short, but time is always long enough for prayer. Daniel had the affairs of a kingdom on his hands, and yet he prayed three times a day. David was ruler over a mighty nation, and yet he says, "Evening and morning and at noon will I pray" (Psalm 55:17). When time is really wanted, time can always be found
It is useless to say you cannot pray till you have faith and a new heart, and that you must sit still and wait for them. This is to add sin to sin. It is bad enough to be unconverted and going to hell. It is even worse to say, "I know it, but will not cry for mercy." This is a kind of argument for which there is no warrant in Scripture. "Call ye upon the Lord," saith Isaiah, "while he is near" (Isaiah 55:6). "Take with you words, and turn unto the Lord," says Hosea (Hosea 14:1). "Repent and pray," says Peter to Simon Magus (Acts 8:22). If you want faith and a new heart, go and cry to the Lord for them. The very attempt to pray has often been the quickening of a dead soul.
Oh, prayerless reader, who and what are you that you will not ask anything of God? Have you made a covenant with death and hell? Are you at peace with the worm and the fire? Have you no sins to be pardoned? Have you no fear of eternal torment? Have you no desire after heaven? Oh that you would awake from your present folly. Oh that you would consider your latter end. Oh that you would arise and call upon God. Alas, there is a day coming when many shall pray loudly, "Lord, Lord, open to us," but all too late; when many shall cry to the rocks to fall on them and the hills to-cover them, who would never cry to God. In all affection, I warn you, beware lest this be the end of your soul. Salvation is very near you. Do not lose heaven for want of asking.
Let me speak to those who have real desires for salvation, but know not what steps to take, or where to begin. I cannot but hope that some readers may be in this state of mind, and if there be but one such I must offer him affectionate counsel.
In every journey there must be a first step. There must be a change from sitting still to moving forward. The journeyings of Israel from Egypt to Canaan were long and wearisome. Forty years pass away before they crossed Jordan. Yet there was someone who moved first when they marched from Ramah to Succoth. When does a man really take his first step in coming out from sin and the world? He does it in the day when he first prays with his heart.
In every building the first stone must be laid, and the first blow must be struck. The ark was one hundred and twenty years in building. Yet there was a day when Noah laid his axe to the first tree he cut down to form it. The temple of Solomon was a glorious building. But there was a day when the first huge stone was laid deep in mount Moriah. When does the building of the Spirit really begin to appear in a man's heart? It begins, so far as we can judge, when he first pours out his heart to God in prayer.
If you desire salvation, and want to know what to do, I advise you to go this very day to the Lord Jesus Christ, in the first private place you can find, and earnestly and heartily entreat him in prayer to save your soul.
Tell him that you have heard that he receives sinners, and has said, "Him that cometh unto me I will in no wise cast out. Tell him that you are a poor vile sinner, and that you come to him on the faith of his own invitation. Tell him you put yourself wholly and entirely in his hands; that you feel vile and helpless, and hopeless in yourself: and that except he saves you, you have no hope of being saved at all. Beseech him to deliver you from the guilt, the power, and the consequences of sin. Beseech him to pardon you, and wash you in his own blood. Beseech him to give you a new heart, and plant the Holy Spirit in your soul. Beseech him to give you grace and faith and will and power to be his disciple and servant from this day for ever. Oh, reader, go this very day, and tell these things to the Lord Jesus Christ, if you really are in earnest about your soul.
Tell him in your own way, and your own words. If a doctor came to see you when sick you could tell him where you felt pain. If your soul feels its disease indeed, you can surely find something to tell Christ.
Doubt not his willingness to save you, because you are a sinner. It is Christ's office to save sinners. He says himself, "I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance" (Luke 5:32).
Wait not because you feel unworthy. Wait for nothing. Wait for nobody. Waiting comes from the devil. Just as you are, go to Christ. The worse you are, the more need you have to apply to him. You will never mend yourself by staying away.
Fear not because your prayer is stammering, your words feeble, and your language poor. Jesus can understand you. Just as a mother understands the first lispings of her infant, so does the blessed Saviour understand sinners. He can read a sigh, and see a meaning in a groan. Despair not because you do not get an answer immediately. While you are speaking, Jesus is listening. If he delays an answer, it is only for wise reasons, and to try if you are in earnest. The answer will surely come. Though it tarry, wait for it. It will surely come.
Oh, reader, if you have any desire to be saved, remember the advice I have given you this day. Act upon it honestly and heartily, and you shall be saved.
Let me speak, lastly, to those who do pray. I trust that some who read this tract know well what prayer is, and have the Spirit of adoption. To all such, I offer a few words of brotherly counsel and exhortation. The incense offered in the tabernacle was ordered to be made in a particular way. Not every kind of incense would do. Let us remember this, and be careful about the matter and manner of our prayers.
Brethren who pray, if I know anything of a Christian's heart, you are often sick of your own prayers. You never enter into the apostle's words, "When I would do good, evil is present with me," so thoroughly as you sometimes do upon your knees. You can understand David's words, "I hate vain thoughts." You can sympathize with that poor converted Hottentot who was overheard praying, "Lord, deliver me from all my enemies, and above all, from that bad man—myself." There are few children of God who do not often find the season of prayer a season of conflict. The devil has special wrath against us when he sees us on our knees. Yet, I believe that prayers which cost us no trouble should be regarded with great suspicion. I believe we are very poor judges of the goodness of our prayers, and that the prayer which pleases us least, often pleases God most, Suffer me then, as a companion in the Christian warfare, to offer you a few words of exhortation. One thing, at least, we all feel: we must pray. We cannot give it up. We must go on.
I commend then to your attention, the importance of reverence and humility in prayer. Let us never forget what we are, and what a solemn thing it is to speak with God. Let us beware of rushing into his presence with carelessness and levity. Let us say to ourselves: "I am on holy ground. This is no other than the gate of heaven. If I do not mean what I say, I am trifling with God. If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me." Let us keep in mind the words of Solomon, "Be not rash with thy mouth, and let not thy heart be hasty to utter anything before God; for God is in heaven, and thou on earth" (Ecclesiastes 5:2). When Abraham spoke to God, he said, "I am dust and ashes." When Job spoke to God, he said, "I am vile." Let us do likewise.
I commend to you the importance of praying spiritually. I mean by that, that we should labor always to have the direct help of the Spirit in our prayers, and beware above all things of formality. There is nothing so spiritual but that it may become a form, and this is especially true of private prayer. We may insensibly get into the habit of using the fittest possible words, and offering the most scriptural petitions, and yet do it all by rote without feeling it, and walk daily round an old beaten path. I desire to touch this point with caution and delicacy. I know that there are certain great things we daily want, and that there is nothing necessarily formal in asking for these things in the same words. The world, the devil, and our hearts, are daily the same. Of necessity we must daily go over old ground. But this I say, we must be very careful on this point. If the skeleton and outline of our prayers be by habit almost a form, let us strive that the clothing and filling up of our prayers be as far as possible of the Spirit. As to praying out of a book in our private devotions, it is a habit I cannot praise. If we can tell our doctors the state of our bodies without a book, we ought to be able to tell the stage of our souls to God. I have no objection to a man using crutches when he is first recovering from a broken limb. It is better to use crutches, than not to walk at all. But if I saw him all his life on crutches, I should not think it matter for congratulation. I should like to see him strong enough to throw his crutches away.
I commend to you the importance of making prayer a regular business of life. I might say something of the value of regular times in the day for prayer. God is a God of order. The hours for morning and evening sacrifice in the Jewish temple were not fixed as they were without a meaning. Disorder is eminently one of the fruits of sin. But I would not bring any under bondage. This only I say, that it is essential to your soups health to make praying a part of the business of every twenty-four hours in your life. Just as you allot time to eating, sleeping, and business, so also allot time to prayer. Choose your own hours and seasons. At the very least, speak with God in the morning, before you speak with the' world: and speak with God at night, after you have done with the world. But settle it in your minds, that prayer is one of the great things of every day. Do not drive it into a corner. Do not give it the scraps and parings of your duty. Whatever else you make a business of, make a business of prayer.
I commend to you the importance of perseverance in prayer. Once having begun the habit, never give it up. Your heart will sometimes say, "You have had family prayers: what mighty harm if you leave private prayer undone?" Your body will sometimes say, "You are unwell or sleepy, or weary; you need not pray." Your mind will sometimes say, "You have important business to attend to today; cut short your prayers." Look on all such suggestions as coming direct from Satan. They are all as good as saying, "Neglect your soul." I do not maintain that prayers should always be of the same length; but I do say, let no excuse make you give up prayer. Paul said, "Continue in prayer," and, "Pray without ceasing." He did not mean that men should be always on their knees, but he did mean that our prayers should be, like the continual burnt offering, steadily persevered in every day; that it should be like seed time and harvest, and summer and winter, unceasingly coming round at regular seasons; that it should be like the fire on the altar, not always consuming sacrifices, but never completely going out. Never forget that you may tie together morning and evening devotions, by an endless chain of short ejaculatory prayers throughout the day. Even in company, or business, or in the very streets, you may be silently sending up little winged messengers to God, as Nehemiah did in the very presence of Artaxerxes. And never think that time is wasted which is given to God. A nation does not become poorer because it loses one year of working days in seven, by keeping the Sabbath. A Christian never finds he is a loser, in the long run, by persevering in prayer.
I commend to you the importance of earnestness in prayer. It is not necessary that a man should shout, or scream, or be very loud, in order to prove that he is in earnest. But it is desirable that we should be hearty and fervent and warm, and ask as if we were really interested in what we were doing. It is the "effectual fervent" prayer that "availeth much." This is the lesson that is taught us by the expressions used in Scripture about prayer. It is called, "crying, knocking, wrestling, laboring, striving." This is the lesson taught us by scripture examples. Jacob is one. He said to the angel at Penuel, "I will not let thee go, except thou bless me" (Genesis 32:26). Daniel is another. Hear how he pleaded with God: "O Lord, hear; O Lord, forgive; O Lord, hearken and do; defer not, for thine own sake, O my God" (Daniel 9:19). Our Lord Jesus Christ is another. It is written of him, "In the days of his flesh, he offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears" (Hebrews 5:7). Alas, how unlike is this to many of our supplications! How tame and lukewarm they seem by comparison. How truly might God say to many of us, "You do not really want what you pray for." Let us try to amend this fault. Let us knock loudly at the door of grace, like Mercy in Pilgrim's Progress, as if we must perish unless heard. Let us settle it in our minds, that cold prayers are a sacrifice without fire. Let us remember the story of Demosthenes the great orator, when one came to him, and wanted him to plead his cause. He heard him without attention, while he told his story without earnestness. The man saw this, and cried out with anxiety that it was all true. "Ah," said Demosthenes, "I believe you now."
I commend to you the importance of praying with faith. We should endeavor to believe that our prayers are heard, and that if we ask things according to God's will, we shall be answered. This is the plain command of our Lord Jesus Christ: "Whatsoever things ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them" (Mark 11:24). Faith is to prayer what the feather is to the arrow: without it prayer will not hit the mark. We should cultivate the habit of pleading promises in our prayers.
We should take with us some promise, and say, "Lord, here is thine own word pledged. Do for us as thou hast said." This was the habit of Jacob and Moses and David. The 119th Psalm is full of things asked, "according to thy word."
Above all, we should cultivate the habit of expecting answers to our prayers. We should do like the merchant who sends his ships to sea. We should not be satisfied, unless we see some return. Alas, there are few points on which Christians come short so much as this. The church at Jerusalem made prayer without ceasing for Peter in prison; but when the prayer was answered, they would hardly believe it (Acts 12:15). It is a solemn saying of Traill, "There is no surer mark of trifling in prayer, than when men are careless what they get by prayer."
I commend to you the importance of boldness in prayer. There is an unseemly familiarity in some men's prayers which I cannot praise. But there is such a thing as a holy boldness, which is exceedingly to be desired. I mean such boldness as that of Moses, when he pleads with God not to destroy Israel "Wherefore," says he, "should the Egyptians speak and say, For mischief did he bring them out, to slay them in the mountains? Turn from thy fierce anger" (Exodus 32:12). I mean such boldness as that of Joshua, when the children of Israel were defeated before men of Ai: "What," says he, "wilt thou do unto thy great name?" (Joshua 7:9). This is the boldness for which Luther was remarkable. One who heard him praying said, "What a spirit, what a confidence was in his very expressions. With such a reverence he sued, as one begging of God, and yet with such hope and assurance, as if he spoke with a loving father or friend." This is the boldness which distinguished Bruce, a great Scotch divine of the seventeenth century. His prayers were said to be "like bolts shot up into heaven." Here also I fear we sadly come short. We do not sufficiently realize the believer's privileges. We do not plead as often as we might, "Lord, are we not thine own people? Is it not for thy glory that we should be sanctified? Is it not for thy honor that thy gospel should increase?"
I commend to you the importance of fullness in prayer. I do not forget that our Lord warns us against the example of the Pharisees, who, for pretense, made long prayers; and commands us when we pray not to use vain repetitions. But I cannot forget, on the other hand, that he has given his own sanction to large and long devotions by continuing all night in prayer to God. At all events, we are not likely in this day to err on the side of praying too much. Might it not rather be feared that many believers in this generation pray too little? Is not the actual amount of time that many Christians give to prayer, in the aggregate, very small? I am afraid these questions cannot be answered satisfactorily. I am afraid the private devotions of many are most painfully scanty and limited; just enough to prove they are alive and no more. They really seem to want little from God. They seem to have little to confess, little to ask for, and little to thank him for. Alas, this is altogether wrong. Nothing is more common than to hear believers complaining that they do not get on. They tell us that they do not grow in grace as they could desire. Is it not rather to be suspected that many have quite as much grace as they ask for? Is it not the true account of many, that they have little, because they ask little? The cause of their weakness is to be found in their own stunted, dwarfish, clipped, contracted, hurried, narrow, diminutive prayers. They have not, because they ask not. Oh, we are not straitened in Christ, but in ourselves. The Lord says, "Open thy mouth wide, and I will fill it." But we are like the King of Israel who smote on the ground thrice and stayed, when he ought to have smitten five or six times.
I commend to you the importance of particularity in prayer. We ought not to be content with great general petitions. We ought to specify our wants before the throne of grace. It should not be enough to confess we are sinners: we should name the sins of which our conscience tells us we are most guilty. It should not be enough to ask for holiness; we should name the graces in which we feel most deficient. It should not be enough to tell the Lord we are in trouble; we should describe our trouble and all its peculiarities. This is what Jacob did when he feared his brother Esau. He tells God exactly what it is that he fears (Genesis 32:11). This is what Eliezer did, when he sought a wife for his master's son. He spreads before God precisely what he wants (Genesis 24:12). This is what Paul did when he had a thorn in the flesh. He besought the Lord (2Corithians 12:8). This is true faith and confidence. We should believe that nothing is too small to be named before God. What should we think of the patient who told his doctor he was ill, but never went into particulars? What should we think of the wife who told her husband she was unhappy, but did not specify the cause? What should we think of the child who told his father he was in trouble, but nothing more? Christ is the true bridegroom of the soul, the true physician of the heart, the real father of all his people. Let us show that we feel this by being unreserved in our communications with him. Let us hide no secrets from him. Let us tell him all our hearts.
I commend to you the importance of intercession in our prayers. We are all selfish by nature, and our selfishness is very apt to stick to us, even when we are converted. There is a tendency in us to think only of our own souls, our own spiritual conflicts, our own progress in religion, and to forget others. Against this tendency we all have need to watch and strive, and not least in our prayers. We should study to be of a public spirit. We should stir ourselves up to name other names besides our own before the throne of grace. We should try to bear in our hearts the whole world, the heathen, the Jews, the Roman Catholics, the body of true believers, the professing Protestant churches, the country in which we live, the congregation to which we belong, the household in which we sojourn, the friends and relations we are connected with. For each and all of these we should plead. This is the highest charity. He loves me best who loves me in his prayers. This is for our soul's health. It enlarges our sympathies and expands our hearts. This is for the benefit of the church. The wheels of all machinery for extending the gospel are moved by prayer. They do as much for the Lord's cause who intercede like Moses on the mount, as they do who fight like Joshua in the thick of the battle. This is to be like Christ. He bears the names of his people, as their High Priest, before the Father. Oh, the privilege of being like Jesus! This is to be a true helper to ministers. If I must choose a congregation, give me a people that pray.
I commend to you the importance of thankfulness in prayer. I know well that asking God is one thing and praising God is another. But I see so close a connection between prayer and praise in the Bible, that I dare not call that true prayer in which thankfulness has no part. It is not for nothing that Paul says, "By prayer and supplication, with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God" (Philippians 4:6). "Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving" (Colossians 4:2). It is of mercy that we are not in hell. It is of mercy that we have the hope of heaven. It is of mercy that we live in a land of spiritual light. It is of mercy that we have been called by the Spirit, and not left to reap the fruit of our own ways. It is of mercy that we still live and have opportunities of glorifying God actively or passively. Surely these thoughts should crowd on our minds whenever we speak with God. Surely we should never open our lips in prayer without blessing God for that free grace by which we live, and for that loving kindness which endureth forever.
Never was there an eminent saint who was not full of thankfulness. St. Paul hardly ever writes an epistle without beginning with thankfulness. Men like Whitefield in the last century, and Bickersteth in our time, abounded in thankfulness. Oh, reader, if we would be bright and shining lights in our day, we must cherish a spirit of praise. Let our prayers be thankful prayers.
I commend to you the importance of watchfulness over your prayers. Prayer is that point in religion at which you must be most of all on your guard. Here it is that true religion begins; here it flourishes, and here it decays. Tell me what a man's prayers are, and I will soon tell you the state of his soul. Prayer is the spiritual pulse. By this the spiritual health may be tested. Prayer is the spiritual weatherglass. By this we may know whether it is fair or foul with our hearts. Oh, let us keep an eye continually upon our private devotions. Here is the pith and marrow of our practical Christianity. Sermons and books and tracts, and committee meetings and the company of good men, are all good in their way, but they will never make up for the neglect of private prayer. Mark well the places and society and companions that unhinge your hearts for communion with God and make your prayers drive heavily. There be on your guard. Observe narrowly what friends and what employments leave your soul in the most spiritual frame, and most ready to speak with God. To these cleave and stick fast. If you will take care of your prayers, nothing shall go very wrong with your soul.
I offer these points for your private consideration. I do it in all humility. I know no one who needs to be reminded of them more than I do myself. But I believe them to be God's own truth, and I desire myself and all I love to feel them more.
I want the times we live in to be praying times. I want the Christians of our day to be praying Christians. I want the church to be a praying church. My heart's desire and prayer in sending forth this tract is to promote a spirit of prayerfulness. I want those who never prayed yet, to arise and call upon God, and I want those who do pray, to see that they are not praying amiss.
Thoroughly evangelical in his doctrine and uncompromising in his principles, J.C. Ryle was a prolific writer, vigorous preacher, and faithful pastor.
He was born at Macclesfield and educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford. He was a fine athlete who rowed and played Cricket for Oxford, where he took a first class degree in Modern Greats and was offered a college fellowship (teaching position) which he declined. The son of a wealthy banker, he was destined for a career in politics before answering a call to ordained ministry.
He was spiritually awakened in 1838 while hearing Ephesians 2 read in church. He was ordained by Bishop Sumner at Winchester in 1842. For 38 years he was a parish vicar, first at Helmingham and later at Stradbrooke, in Suffolk. He became a leader of the evangelical party in the Church of England and was noted for his doctrinal essays and polemical writings. In 1880, at age 64, he became the first bishop of Liverpool, at the recommendation of Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli. He retired in 1900 at age 83 and died later the same year.
In his diocese, he exercised a vigorous and straightforward preaching ministry, and was a faithful pastor to his clergy, exercising particular care over ordination retreats. He formed a clergy pension fund for his diocese and built over forty churches. Despite criticism, he put raising clergy salaries ahead of building a cathedral for his new diocese. Ryle combined his commanding presence and vigorous advocacy of his principles with graciousness and warmth in his personal relations. Vast numbers of working men and women attended his special preaching meetings, and many were led to faith in Christ.
Matthew 27:63 "...Saying, Sir, we remember that that deceiver said, while he was yet alive, After three days I will rise again"
Mark 8:31 "And he began to teach them, that the Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders, and of the chief priests, and scribes, and be killed. and after three days rise again."
I Corinthians 15:4 "And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:..."
Matthew 12:40 "For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth."
Over and over again we are reminded that our LORD was going to be killed and then be in the grave three days and three nights. Therefore it is impossible for Jesus to have been crucified on Friday. There is just no way for there to be 3 days and 3 nights in between Friday and Sunday morning. Unbelievers, traditionalists and the unsuspecting have for many years celebrated the myth of "Good Friday."
Genesis 1:5 - Sundown to Sundown. (Or we might say, Moonrise to Moonrise) Or approximately 18:00 (6 PM) to 18:00 the next day.
Matthew 28:1 – "In the end of the Sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first part of the week came Mary Magdalene ..."
Note also Mark 16:2, Luke 24:1 and John 20:1 Also, note that Jesus was already gone from the tomb. Before dawn the tomb was empty.
Mark 15:42-47 - Jesus is laid in the tomb before 18:00 or the beginning of Thursday (an high day, a special Sabbath day, John 19:31) for the Jew
Night (evening) and day (morning). John 11:9-Two 12 hour periods. The light and dark periods of the 24 hour day. Sec also Exodus 13:21
Probably because of a misunderstanding of the word "sabbath". Sabbatarians think that everytime the word "sabbath" is mentioned in the Bible it refer to Saturday.
Mark 15:42 "And now when the even was come, because it was the preparation, that is, the day before the sabbath,..."
The Passover date was always the 14th day of the first month (Nisan). However, the month would not always start on the same day of the week each year. "God’s calendar is a lunar calendar based upon the phases of the moon rather than the earth’s rotation around the sun. Each month started with a new moon, reaching a full moon in the midst of the cycle. The Passover always falls on a full moon – the first full moon of spring … The almond tree blooms at the end of winter with a most noticeable flowering of white blossoms… The next full moon was the first feast, the Passover Feast.” (Zola Levitt)
Jesus became our Passover Lamb. Exodus 12:3-10 He was crucified on the day before the Passover Sabbath.
Jesus presented Himself to the Nation of Israel on Sunday. On Wednesday He was killed. 4 days. Then He was placed in the tomb before the Passover Sabbath began with the rising of the full moon.
Ephesians 2:15 – The Sabbaths were a part of the ceremonial Law and Jesus fulfilled all of the Requirements of the Law. See also Colossians 2:14-15.
Ephesians 2:8-9 Many are trying to achieve a right relationship with God through keeping the Sabbath Day and other religious trappings. What legalistic nonsense! We are saved by grace not by the works of the Law.
We would like to see projects that express gratitude, kindness or thankfulness. This can be a simple thank you card or an image or concept of something for which you are thankful.
The administrators received an email asking about Brown Sugar Challenge start time. If you visit the Challenge Guidelines Tab at the top of the post, you can find the answer to that question. We try diligently to have the challenge ready to publish "on the first Friday of each month at 9:00 am Mountain Standard Time (USA)". More often we have it published early, perhaps by 1:30 am Mountain Standard Time.
My children are hit or miss on eating applesauce but they love it in frozen form. This recipe is so easy to make and delicious! While you could use applesauce from a jar to make this in one step, fresh applesauce is worth the little bit of effort that it takes!
2. Place in Instant Pot along with the water and cinnamon. Cook on manual mode high pressure for 10 minutes, use a quick release. Alternatively, simmer on the stovetop until apples are mushy and easy to blend.
3. Use a blender or immersion blender to mix until smooth. Add the raspberries and mix until they are blended as well.
These chicken burgers are adapted from the salmon cake recipe that you can find in the book "It Starts With Food" by Dallas and Melissa Hartwig. I'm not the biggest salmon fan, but I do like a quick meal that works well for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or best of all: brunch!
With a fork, stir the eggs in a large bowl until there is a bit of air mixed in with them. Mix the rest of the ingredients in and combine. Grease cookie sheet with oil or ghee. Scoop out with 1/3 cup measuring spoon onto cookie sheet and shape into patties.
Bake for 20minutes, then rotate pan (flip them if you feel ambitious). Bake for another 10minutes. Serve hot in a lettuce wrap with mustard or stick in your fridge to grab and go throughout the week!
So I've been slacking here for awhile. Life gets busy! And I haven't had much time to go out to brunch lately. Well, that's not completely true. I did have a lovely brunch at Fare in the Fairmount section of Philly recently.
I ordered a basic scrambled eggs, bacon and hash browns --the hash browns were nicely done, not overly fried and almost like a scalloped potato.
A brunchmate ordered the fish tacos, and after a bite I wished I had done the same. They were delicious with a lovely citrus slaw.
Apologies for the lack of photos from our meal. You should check it out and post your own photos from Fare in the comments below!
So lately I've really been enjoying these super easy, delicious oatmeal cookies.They are mostly pretty healthy ingredients so if you feel like eating cookies for breakfast, I say go for it....it's better than sugar-puffs!
Usually I bake them, but in the summer heat I discovered they are also good simply frozen instead. Since there are no eggs in the batter, it's safe to eat raw!
It's a pretty forgiving recipe so if you want to experiment a bit it will most likely still taste good. Case in point: if you like a fluffier cookie, add 3 eggs to the batter (but don't eat raw then!).
2 cups of almond meal/flour (Trader Joe's has some that isn't too expensive). You can also use another nut flour, rice flour, or whole wheat flour.
1 cup maple syrup (more or less to taste. Don't cut this too much though or the batter won't stick).
2. Put the batter in to the fridge for about 20minutes (this allows it to soften and hold together easier).
3. With your fingers or a melon-baller, roll batter into small balls. I like gum-ball sized cookies but you can make them larger if desired.
Bake at 350 for about 15-20 minutes until lightly brown around the edges. Cookies do not expand. You can't really under cook them but if you cook for too long they will dry out a bit so check often.
Put cookie tray into freezer for about 3hours. Remove cookies and store in plastic bag or container.
I've had this dish at a number of brunch spots, but decided to try and make my own at home. It's really easy to make and like the best brunch foods, good at any time of the day!
Add salt & pepper to water and bring to a boil. Add in grits, turn heat to low, and stir to prevent lumps.
While the grits are cooking, heat oil and cook garlic & onion until they start to brown. Add in lemon juice & broccoli. Add in shrimp. Cook over a medium heat until broccoli is tender & shrimp is fully heated.
Once grits are cooked, turn off heat and add in the butter and cheese. Stir to combine. Pour grits into 4 bowls and top with shrimp mixture. Serve at once.
Farmers markets are wonderful things. The produce always lasts longer because it hasn't had to travel across the country and sit on a pallet before reaching you. The produce is always in season. Sometimes you run into a neighbor or friend. But my favorite thing about farmers markets is discovering new foods.
Today I discovered duck eggs. The stand I was planning to buy chicken eggs from had run out, but they still had some duck eggs. A bit unsure of what to expect, I decided to take the plunge and try them! The people from Canter Hill Farm assured me that they were delicious -- richer than chicken eggs and good for baking.
They were right. I just made the most delicious, rich, amazing duck egg scramble. But don't take my word for it, try the recipe for yourself!
Heat oil in frying pan over medium heat. Add onions, and stir until they start to slightly brown. Lower heat a little. Add the broccoli, and continue stirring. Add in cranberries.
Once the broccoli starts to tenderizer, push the veggie mixture to one side of the pan. Crack the 3 duck eggs in the space you created. Stir the eggs until it starts to be cooked. Add lemon pepper to egg mixture. Once eggs are almost cooked, blend with everything else. Once eggs are fully cooked, add the cheese and mix in to melt. Stir everything together over low heat for a few more seconds, and serve immediately with fresh fruit.
Before dining at Tapas on Main in Bethlehem, PA, I had never heard of Caramelized Pear and Carrot Soup. But it was so delicious that I had to try to make it myself!
Heat oil in skillet over medium heat. Add in onions and cook until they start to caramelize. If using sausage, add it in now. Chop the pear into large chunks and add to pan. Cook until pear starts to soften & becomes juicy. Break carrots into smaller pieces and add, turning off heat so they do not really cook yet.
In high speed blender (Vitamix is ideal), pour in vegetable broth. Then add in the pears, carrots, and onions. Retain approximately 1 tablespoon of the onions and the sausage.
Once done, carefully remove lid and add in a dash more of salt to taste, the remaining onions, and the sausage. Pulse on low for about 10 seconds to combine.
If you've used the soup setting on Vitamix, pour into bowls and serve. Otherwise heat over stove and then serve. Top with ground pepper & almonds.
A sweet springtime soup that's sure to please! For a summertime meal it probably would also taste good as a chilled soup topped with Crème fraîche!
Thank you for visiting our website. We look forward to serving your legal needs. Please leave us your contact information and someone will respond with 24 hrs to discuss your needs.
Craft Nova Scotia, formerly the Nova Scotia Designer Crafts Council, is a non-profit, charitable service organization that works to encourage and promote both the craft movement in Nova Scotia and the public awareness and appreciation of craft products and activities.
Welcome to 2015!!! A new year and new hopes (and obviously new possessions after christmas lol). I hope you all had a fantastic festive period. We had both sets of family down and it was extremely enjoyable. Too much food and lots of fun and games - no technology needed for our Christmas day hehehe. We also have three little eggs in our red-rump nest box, with mummy being a very good sitter.
Anyway, I have been playing today, but not with anything I got for Christmas. I made a Spring Bunny ATC collection:
All the cards in this collection are based around Sketch #50 from Sketch and Stash and use a bunny digital image from Hoppy Wishes which were coloured using promarkers.
This uses a pale green base card, with hoppy wishes pink patterned paper layered over. The rabbit was die-cut and layered onto the panel, with a ribbon strip printed onto the bottom of the die-cut. A bow was added to the ribbon and a paper flower and sentiment finished this ATC.
This ATC has a textured yellow paper layered onto white card as the base. The rabbit image was die-cut using Nellie's flower circle die-cut and layered onto the panel. Green twine was wrapped around the yellow paper before attaching to the base. The sentiment was also printed from Hoppy Wishes, and a wooden flower finishes the card.
Th rabbit image was layered onto a floral patterned paper also from Hoppy Wishes, then onto a green floral paper from my scraps stash and finally onto a Kraft card base. A ribbon bow and printed sentiment finished the ATC.
For this final ATC the rabbit image was layered onto a Polka Doodles patterned paper with a green floral ribbon wrapped around the bottom. This was layered straight onto a purple base card. A polka doodles printed sentiment and two fabric flowers finish this ATC.
This story is based around the anti-terrorism unit. It looks at spying within the country, rather than outright terrorism, though so it is an unusual story. The unit gets word that there is an ‘illegal’ (a foreigner who pretends to be from another country, other than their home country, in order to provide information for their country) from Russia and that there is something about to happen. The main character is asked to go undercover in the household of a millionaire, originally from Russia, as it is suspected that this is who the operation is going to be against. She is threatened and tries to remove herself from the position, but no-body believes she is truly in danger, including herself. This story has many twists and is full of suspense. There is an unseen twist at the end, but unfortunately the criminal is not caught. Another good book for long car journey’s.
Beautiful ATC's Tinz. Thank you so much for joining in with our Mega Christmas challenge at PFP. Good luck and Happy New Year! Hugs, Denise x
Lovely ATC cards. Thanks for joining us at Card Mania Challenges. Good luck and hope you'll join us again.
A fabby looking card. Stunning colours. Thanks for joining our Mega Challenge over at PFP. Good luck!
Craig Padilla is an internationally celebrated and award-winning electronic music artist (and video producer). After more than two decades of performing live and recording his own music using many vintage analog and newer digital synthesizers, his style reflects the classic electronic musicians of the past, while finding new sound and music styles that are unique to the true ambient electronic music genre (often found in categories from New Age to Trance to Electronica).
His music and creative environment is inspired and influenced by the lands surrounding Coeur d’Alene, Idaho where he once resided, and by his earliest influences of being raised in far-northern California where he resides again, where he first explored the works of Wendy Carlos, Klaus Schulze, Tangerine Dream, Kraftwerk, Steve Roach, and many other pioneers of the electronic form.
Never letting technology overcome the humanity in his compositions, he creates electronic music that is rooted in tradition while still sounding new, interesting, and fresh.
Craig has always endeavored to paint musical landscapes with a rich palette of infinite timbral complexity, guaranteeing to take the audience to a different place on each listen, making every disc a recording that is a highly sculpted, crafted musical experience to be treasured and played indefinitely.
He has composed soundtracks for various television, theatrical, and film productions. His music is heard on XM Satellite Radio and radio stations throughout the US, and on celebrated radio programs “Echoes” and “Hearts of Space” repeatedly. He is a top-selling established artist on the Spotted Peccary Music label and has appeared on releases on the Lotuspike, Fruits de Mer Records, Groove Records, Space for Music, Monroe Institute Hemi-Sync, and Ultimae labels.
7.15.15 We are down to the LAST REMAINING CDs of VOSTOK, GENESIS, and PATH OF LEAST RESISTANCE. I'm told by the label that this is all that's remaining of these releases with no future plans of re-releasing them on CD!! (ON NO!!) So, get your CDs now before they're gone for good.
6.18.15 WELCOME TO OUR NEW WEBSITE!! Please support the artist by buying music directly from the artist. Your support is greatly appreciated.
Seasoned veterans of the ambient and deep-experiential forms of electronic music, Howard Givens and Craig Padilla continue their soul-searching quest to express a symbiosis of music with contemplative self-examination and enlightenment on their second collaboration, BEING OF LIGHT.
Comprised of four tracks, the 70 minute BEING OF LIGHTconveys the duo’s interest in longer-form expressions of harmonic color and ambient electronic subtlety. Viscous sonic textures are extracted from an expansive palette of electronic and acoustic instruments as the music steadily unfolds, ebbing and flowing through muted moments of tension, release, mystery, and peace. As with the duo’s previous highly-regarded collaboration, LIFE FLOWS WATER, this album is built around a combination of modular, vintage analog, and digital synthesizers, only this time they are blended together with grand piano, electric guitar, and various other expressive instruments.
Weaving melodic phrases and rich textures through rhythmic structures and sequences, Givens and Padilla create deep interludes and expansive passages that exemplify the inspiration behind the project – to musically express the state of awareness that comes through the discovery of one’s “inner being” and pure essence. With BEING OF LIGHT, Howard Givens and Craig Padilla emphasize a visceral and enveloping experience, conceptually envisioning the album as a topology of energy where the individual is a single point of light, solitary and self-aware, yet melded into the sum of all light, complete in the totality of existence.
Structured like a four-paneled work of sacred art, Heaven Condensed forges a philosophically spiritual vision of another dimension, abstracting the existence of Heaven as one might experience it either internally or externally, in four diaphanous movements that convey a wide range of organic, tangible, physical energy to amorphous, floating inspiration.
Containing three long analog synthesizer songs that have never been released anywhere else, this is an extremely unique and very limited edition lathe-cut record that can only be described as a true piece of artwork! The record was cut on thick vinyl, and the stereo sound quality is excellent! Only 30 of these were individually made to be sold with the Sonar LP as a "deluxe collector's set" at a music festival in England. We only have 3 copies of the Short Circuits LP available to sell. Get this collector's item while you can because once they're gone then they're gone for good!
Life Flows Water was recorded live and is a collaboration between Spotted Peccary Music’s founder and creative guru Howard Givens (Brain Laughter) and SPM veteran electronic virtuoso Craig Padilla. It is a meditation in form, opening and closing with tones from a Tibetan bowl, and flowing, evolving continuously through seven impressions of deeply nuanced ambient electronic artistry. Featuring a profound array of electronic instruments from classic vintage and modular synths to modern digital keyboards, this delicately choreographed work is really about inward expansiveness – like true meditation – focused on a purity and simplicity in an abstract fullness.
The music is inspired by the moments and experiences that brought these artists together for this collaboration, and by the realization of a consciousness awakened from the steps taken on the discovery of this new path. Padilla states: “We had been waiting to perform live together for quite some time. Finally, due to numerous life changing events, the opportunity to create and perform new music had arrived and once we got started, the music continuously and effortlessly flowed from our hands and into the synthesizers; two collaborative energies finding a common singularity of creation. The music describes this creative moment perfectly: getting lost and found in the present moment; taking an inward journey to communicate with the soul."
Sonar is a compilation of recordings by Craig from 1996 onwards, none of which have appeared on CD or vinyl before. Although they span nearly 20 years of recordings, Craig selected them to provide a consistent feel across four sides of listening – music influenced by the kosmische sounds of the 70s, but fed through 21st century equipment. Immerse yourself.
Craig Padilla and Sendelica split this limited edition vinyl release on the UK-based Fruits de Mer label in 2013. Side One contains two Craig Padilla tracks, and Side Two contains a long track by Sendelica.
This was a very limited edition vinyl release, most outlets have sold out…and we have only a few copies left in stock!
Imagine traveling through a solitary and vast expanse; a distant sojourn into the farthest reaches of space, searching for another planet to eventually inhabit. That is the sound and story of When The Earth Is Far Away, the third collaboration from synthesist Craig Padilla and flute master Zero Ohms. Hailing from opposite sides of a continent, the two veteran musicians have crafted a dreamlike tapestry of organic space music, showcasing a skillfully executed amalgamation of analog and digital synths, various wind instruments, field recordings and subtle electronics, that seems to suspend the perception of time.
Blended to perfection, the music on When The Earth Is Far Away has such an organic feel to it that it becomes difficult to tell where the synths end and the flutes begin. Craig Padilla explains, “I think the unique combination of electronic synthesizers and acoustic wind-instruments creates a hauntingly beautiful and dream-like aural soundscape.” Indeed, the sound sources and individual instruments disappear deep into the spacescapes, and all that remains is the music. Padilla continues, “The music creates a warm, cosmic, floating atmosphere with slow-moving organic waves of sound. It’s spacemusic with a sense of drifting on a sea of timelessness from beginning to end.”
Their unified sound is the result of a collaborative process that these two artists have developed over years of working together. Zero Ohms’ Richard Roberts explains, “The process is somewhat unique in that Craig and I both manipulated each others’ tracks instead of the usual ‘hands off the other guy’s tracks’ attitude common in most collaborations. This resulted in pieces that had a fresh sound and an innovative feel to them, performances with real heart and soul.”
The colossal expanse of deep space, the loneliness of the journey, the marvels of the cosmos; all of these things, filtered and expressed through the emotions of wonder and awe that they evoke, bring an honest purity to this album. Whether the epic journey through space that inspires this music is a possible reality or just a dream for the future, When The Earth Is Far Away pays tribute to the age-old feeling that we — the human race — as a manifest destiny, belong in the stars…to the stars.
Craig Padilla is a veteran electronic music artist, who has been launching listeners into his cosmic dreamscapes for nearly 20 years. His absorbing ambient sound pairs analog and digital synthesizers to create worlds of sound that are fascinating and full of creative spark. THE HEART OF THE SOUL is a very dreamy album, offering slow-burning synth-based melodies that are accentuated by the relaxed strumming of guitar and the gentle twinkle of piano. Whereas a lot of ambient albums have a spacey theme to them, Padilla’s work here is more earthy and organic, calling to mind warm sunshine and vast horizons. At times, the music has symphonic undertones and rhythms are subtle, often blending into the backdrop. Fans of warmer-hued ambient music will find this musical journey a truly breathtaking experience.
Rich organic wind instruments mesh with sublime synthesizer textures to create an entirely unique experience.
Acclaimed electronic music veteran, Craig Padilla, is back and better than ever with this fascinating collection of award-winning melodious deep-space analog synth & sequencer music! Inspired by his local surroundings near Mt. Shasta, Padilla weaves the beauty of the analog synthesizer sound with new digital technology to create a sonic masterpiece filled with awe-inspiring visions of majestic vistas within the inner and outer cosmos. This is very much in the tradition of Tangerine Dream, Steve Roach, and early Klaus Schulze!
Anybody remember SYNAPSE Magazine for electronic music? #BrianEno #RobertFripp https://t.co/2veOGhwj3d
girly quote wall decals cute pink chariot princess decal unicorn vinyl sticker canada, girly wall decals new decal decor art mermaid sea fish quote canada,girly wall decals canada quote,girly wall decals canada beautiful gold unicorn flower crown quote,girly wall decals canada quote find confetti dots happy after, girly wall decals canada as well girl sweet dreams owl decal quote,girly wall decals canada quote love forest critters fabric reuse non toxic,girly quote wall decals for kids rooms charming canada ,girly wall decals canada best of vinyl decal beauty hair salon quote , girly quote wall decals with gold alphabet room canada.
Can you believe it, Lynda Carter is 57 years old today? I keep hearing rumors of Hollywood trying to put together a new Wonder Woman movie, but I can't imagine any actress being cast that could compete with Lynda Carter. Say what you want about the 1970s WONDER WOMAN TV series, but she was just about the most perfectly cast superhero in TV history. Obviously, she was beautiful, athletic and stacked, which are probably the three main attributes any Wonder Woman actress must have, but she also struck the perfect note of earnestness and sweetness. The show may have been camp, but Lynda Carter never was.
Those interested in the tall, voluptuous ingenue may appreciate her first feature film, BOBBIE JO AND THE OUTLAW, which was filmed before, but released after, THE NEW ORIGINAL WONDER WOMAN (sic) debuted on ABC. Chances are if you’ve sought out this American International drive-in flick, it’s because you heard that Lynda goes topless in it. Well, she does, and it makes watching this violent BONNIE & CLYDE ripoff worthwhile.
Carter, who filmed this just after making the WONDER WOMAN pilot, plays Bobbie Jo, a small-town waitress looking for thrills who hooks up with Lyle Wheeler (Marjoe Gortner, seen above with Carter), a fast-draw artist and small-time thief who graduates to bank robbery and murder with Bobbie Jo as part of his small gang of amateurs.
This was actually junk actor Gortner’s first leading role in a feature as well, after some television parts and an earlier career as an evangelist. He was only slightly more experienced before a camera than Carter, who demonstrates the breezy personality and stunning physicality that earned her television stardom. It’s good for her that she nailed that elusive Big Break—the lead on a successful TV series—that eluded so many other young women who slogged through breast- and bullet-oriented exploitation movies of the 1970s. Director Mark Lester, whose oeuvre also includes CLASS OF 1984 (which I like) and TRUCK STOP WOMEN (which I don't), makes the film slightly entertaining with some good stunts, but is really only worth watching for Lynda.
This infantry regiment was raised in 1689 by David Melville, 3rd Earl of Leven, to defend the city of Edinburgh against the Jacobite forces of King James II. The courage of the Regiment during the Battle of Killiecrankie (27 July 1689) won them great regard even though the conflict was a defeat for the Williamite army. In 1691, the Regiment was in Ireland where it took part in the Battle of Aughrim and the sieges of Athlone, Galway and Limerick. For much of the eighteenth century, the Regiment served abroad and was for a time known as Semphill’s Regiment of Foot. In 1751, when all infantry regiments of the line were numbered in order of their original formation, it was retitled the 25th Regiment of Foot. In 1782, the Regiment was attached to the recruiting region of Sussex and became known as the 25th (Sussex) Regiment of Foot. In 1805, its recruiting area was moved to the Scottish border region and the Regiment was accordingly retitled King’s Own Borderers. The final name change, to King’s Own Scottish Borderers, took place in 1887 to honour the Regiment’s national origins.
The Borderers were stationed in Dublin during the 1912-1914 Home Rule Crisis and were involved in the 1914 Howth gun running incident during which they killed 4 and injured 38 civilians, causing widespread outrage throughout Ireland. At the start of the First World War, the Regiment was enlarged to nine battalions and served in many notable campaigns, including the Battle of Mons, the Battle of the Aisne, the Second and Third Battles of Ypres, the Gallipoli campaign, the Battle of Loos, the Battle of the Somme, and the Battle of Arras. The 7th and 8th Battalions suffered such heavy losses during the Battle of Loos in September 1915 that they were amalgamated into a single battalion in spring 1916.
The better management really should be manufactured in this kind of way so that each matter is often judged properly and may be assessed on a mean basis. The correct solutions must be managed and simultaneously have to be hugely managed and simultaneously must be appropriately managed and identified. The essential wants along with the urgencies have to be realized so that each one the areas can be achieved on an equal foundation and can be built in an equivalent method (Rugman and Girod, 2003). The key matter is usually to confront each of the troubles and for making all of the issues Outstanding as per the conditions along with the circumstances of your adjacent experiences and the appropriate desires on the people. The strategically servicing need to be there so that all the things might be achieved adequately and at the same time (Epstein and Buhovac, 2014).
Any defects or shortcomings must be quickly brought towards the notice of your product or service development group so that they can be tackled as immediately as you can. Nationwide Corporation could have to take a position in some applications like concern management devices so as to carry out this method.
Finest value assure : We deliver excellent do the job at incredibly aggressive price tag, We all know, we're helping learners so its priced affordable.
Not complying Using the regulatory necessity is a significant hazard. In case the regulatory requirement isn't complied, chances of mitigating the chance are quite nominal. It truly is of utmost vital that before beginning the project details about every one of the regulatory desires are attained. The process isn't going to conclusion only by knowing the polices, but interpreting it in the right kind is a great deal more important.
Delivers numerous flexible Finding out possibilities, including a blended structure that combines campus and on line Discovering.
The standard program is to incorporate quality checks at unique points on the WBS plus the supervision and surveillance helps guarantee good quality in different facets which include substance and ultimate product. It features producing specifications after which evaluating and managing.
The requires as well as the behavior of the customers must be analyzed in such a way to ensure almost everything could be stabilized in the my sources appropriate method (Jensen, 1993).
Members who strive to achieve more know-how or expertise ought to be encouraged to take action. Actually, the Firm must be sure that such endeavours are usually not wasted, and choose treatment to appreciate, reward, and accept these accomplishments.
The extended expression that should be made so that the beneficial energies and also the values could be produced in the appropriate way As well as in a bigger advantageous way. The most crucial detail is to answer unique portions with the courses so that every require plus the results is usually fulfilled and concurrently will also be controlled in a correct fashion (Jensen, 1993).The relevancy as well as the accuracies are must for each with the concentrations along with the policies and the changes.
Comprehending the polices before starting the project is essential. In the event the polices are usually not understood and interpreted then the scheduling should be taken back again for the drawing board.
For eighty several years, we’ve been preparing pupils for career achievement. We’ve led the wayso that our college students can much too.
It is possible for them to then create a sturdy level of compliance and this is vital so as to generate a successful info systems within the Group.
eight. Risk administration: Danger administration could be the systematic process of determining, analyzing, and responding to project risk. It incorporates maximizing the probability and implications of positive events and reducing the likelihood and outcomes of adverse functions to project objectives.
ten. Increase in Quantity: And rise in high-quality is often the result of greater efficiency, and appropriate top quality Regulate actions, an easy reminder about the benefits of project administration.
Hey! My name is Danny and this is my new HVAC blog. HVAC might seem like a really boring subject, but have you ever considered that when you enter the local shopping mall or your place of work, the only reason it feels comfortable is because of the complex HVAC systems. I only came to truly appreciate my HVAC system when it stopped working. It was a really hot day in Sydney and I came home from work to discover the inside of my home was hotter than the surface of the sun. I called in a contractor who fixed up the HVAC system and gave me some great tips. Since then, I have been finding out all I can about the world of HVAC.
When choosing an air system for your property, it's important to weigh up different options including their pros and cons. You want to select the perfect system. Ducted air conditioning is a popular temperature control system. This post outlines what it is and what its benefits are.
This is a system that works by pumping cool air from a cooling unit through different ducts which end in vents, hence cooling your room. Ducted air systems are suitable for cooling large spaces, making them perfect for commercial properties that need to use one system for simplicity purposes. Contractors install an internal unit, often placed under the floor or in the ceiling, and then connect it to an external unit outside the property.
It's simple to use this system, and it's also efficient; its temperature, operation hours and air-conditioned zones can be adjusted with a single control panel. The units have an option of reversing cycle conditioning whereby, a unit is used to heat and evenly distribute the air. This is useful during the winter months, making a ducted air conditioning system essential all year round.
This air conditioning system offers a wide range of advantages than other air conditioning methods. Some of them include:
This is the primary benefit ducted air conditioning system offer. They allow you to cool the entire property or some of the rooms. This feature makes the system perfect for large properties where some rooms require constant cooling while others do not. This flexibility even extends further; you can set the system to cool different rooms according to your temperature needs. It's also possible to set timers to allow consistent functioning just the way you need it.
Another benefit is that you can control the cooling zones to conserve energy. When not cooling unnecessary spaces, you'll save on bills and also save the environment. Note that installation costs are higher than the alternatives but the cost will be offset as you save money each month through an efficient system.
Air conditioning units such as split systems emit a constant hum. This noise can be frustrating and distracting. Ducted systems operate more quietly due to their favourable configuration of their working paths. This means your home will be cooled and you won't experience any noise distractions.
A ducted air conditioning system is the best system you can install on your property, whether at home or the business.
Earl Kelly is the second son of Rose Kelly, the little brother of Marley Kelly and the older half-brother of Sambuca Kelly, Denzil Kelly and Prince Kelly. He has a son with Jade, Earl's Kelly who was taken by social service when he was around 2 weeks old. He is actually in jail for the murder of his former girlfriend Maxine Barlow.
Earl arrived in the first episode of the fourth series of Waterloo Road, along with his rather dysfunctional family. At sixteen years old, Earl has grown up in an unsettling background, never living in one place for more than five minutes. He's the psychopathic violent one of the family, but is fiercely protective of them in some ways. He is first introduced with his whole family - alcoholic mother Rose Kelly, slightly older and responsible brother Marley Kelly, fourteen-year-old only sister Sambuca Kelly, eleven-year-old softy brother Denzil Kelly and baby brother Prince Kelly. He is immediately portrayed as a hard-as-nails badboy when he opens his bag of belongings to show he has a handheld gun, and later throws a taxi driver against his car. Headteacher Rachel Mason and deputy head Eddie Lawson step in, by removing the taxi driver from the premises and threatening Earl into behaving.
The Kellys are put into classes by Rachel. Sambuca ends up with Matt Wilding, Denzil with Jasmine Koreshi, Marley with Tom Clarkson and Earl with Steph Haydock. On his way to his class, Earl passes Year 12 pupils Janeece Bryant and Maxine Barlow. It, at first, appears that Earl is interested in Janeece. But it's actually Maxine which he's eyeing up, to which she notices, but fails to tell Janeece so. Janeece proceeds to comment that Earl looks 'well fit', which Maxine scoffs at.
Earl makes a bad impression on Steph - Maxine's foster carer - when he falls asleep in the French class. She wakes him up and scolds him for snoozing in lesson time, to which he cheekily replies, "Sorry Miss, I thought I was at home, I'll just have ten more minutes," and rests both feet on the table. Steph sharply puts him in his place and orders him to take out his pencil case. He does so, unzipping his backpack and revealing his gun again, to which he momentarily closes his fingers around. Then he gets started with his work, much to his indignation and Steph's pleasure.
Meanwhile, Sambuca is finding it difficult to settle in, especially when she's told off by a stressed Matt and forced to sit facing the class wall. Matt later sees a softer side to Sam and realises that maybe the Kellys aren't all as hard as they seem. Marley meets his new love interest, Flick Mellor, who is the Year 12 head girl. Marley - who is in the year above Earl with Maxine and Janeece - is fitting in well. As the responsible adult of the family, Marley sets the example, but Earl doesn't exactly obey. Meanwhile, young Denzil is struggling is Jasmine's class, and it's discovered he can't read. All the Kellys are reasonably bright, but Rose's alcoholism and bad parenting has affected their education. Earl seems to be the only one of them all who really doesn't care about his future.
Rose turns up during the school morning, bladdered. She tells her kids she's taking them home, despite it only being 11:00am. The playground pupils turn to watch Marley and Sambuca reasoning with their mum. Marley eventually snaps at his mother to "go home and sober up". Rose demands to see Earl, who is lurking out of the way. Maxine and Janeece also watch the spectacle. Marley later spots Earl and calls him as Rose walks away, but Earl complete ignores them - his family is, to him, too much of an embarrassment.
Earl makes some enemies during his first day. Paul Langley and Bolton Smilie get on the wrong side of Earl when Paul purposefully knocks into Earl on the way to his first class with Steph. Later on, Bolton shoves Paul and he accidentally lands on Earl. Earl responds by shoving Paul against one of the school lockers, and tells Bolton not to mess with him. Tom Clarkson then intervenes, sending Paul and Bolton off. One-to-one, Tom tries to reason with Earl, who then proceeds to throw Tom against a locker, too. Tom pushes Earl off and Earl then makes a gun with his fingers and presses them against Tom's head. It then becomes clear what Earl's message is - "Mess with me, and I'll blow your brains out." Tom, unlike others, is not frightened and tells Earl he'll ignore Earl's violent gesture because it's Earl's first day - but if it happens again, then the boy's out. This instigates the feud between Tom and his new neighbours, the Kellys.
Tom's ex-partner Izzie Redpath's daughter, Year 12 pupil Chlo - who Tom sees as his own - has set up a hairdressing business in a caravan on the school grounds called Chlo's Cuts. Earl arrives and asks for his buzzcut-style hair to be trimmed. Chlo's husband, Donte Charles isn't happy. When Earl turns up, Donte turns him away, and Janeece decides he's a 'little creep'. Maxine hides her interest for him in the first part of Episode 1.
At the end of the first part, Earl is on a rampage and holds a gun in his hand as he storms into the playground. Police later swarm the grounds, and Earl persuades his younger brother Denzil to take the gun - lying that Denzil, aged eleven, will get a lighter sentence in a Young Offender's Institution than a sixteen-year-old Year 11 would. However, Denzil is banged up, and the Kellys are distraught.
Rose later gets a job at the school after being offered it by Rachel. She's a canteen assistant for Bolton's mother, Candice Smilie. She gets off to a rocky start by getting drunk and interrupting Marley's head boy speech, although he still wins the title.
In Episode 2, the Kellys throw a house party. Earl and Maxine flirt, to Janeece's horror and disappointment in Maxine. Earl offers Maxine drugs, to which she laughs and declines, after being badly hooked on them in Series 2 and getting pregnant because she was out of her mind on them. They end up sleeping together, to which Rose knows and approves of. Maxine lies to Steph that she's at Chlo's for the night. Tom, the Kellys' neighbour, stops the party with Marley's help. Later, Tom goes to shout at the Kellys for discarded rubbish and people in his garden from the party the night before. He sees Earl and Maxine sit up from a sofa in their garden, after clearly having sex there previously. Their relationship blossoms over the next few episodes.
Earl's rivalry with Tom intensifies, as he starts killing pigeons and leaving them on Tom's doorstep. In Episode 5, he claims that the pet cat has been dropping the birds outside Tom's house - but Marley later reveals to Flick that they don't have a cat.
During Drugs Awareness Day, run by Flick's dad, Marley is set up with a positive drugs test. In truth, the negative test for Marley had been swapped with Flick's positive one by her father. He was disappointed that Flick was "having the odd spliff" and decided to get her boyfriend Marley, who he severely disapproved of, thrown out instead. Marley walked, and Earl and Sambuca followed suit - but not before Earl showed his English class a photo of Eddie in his youth supporting cannabis. It is later proved that Marley's test was negative and Flick's positive, so the Kellys are apologised to and get to stay.
Ralph Mellor, Flick's dad, resigns as a school governor. But he bitterly reports Rose to Social Services. Her five kids are taken away, including baby Prince. Marley is placed in a youth hostel, Sambuca goes to stay with Matt Wilding, Denzil remains in the Institution, Prince is most likely in care or a foster home, and Earl has a foster placement too. However, he runs off to stay at his stepdad Reynold Kelly's house mostly. Reynold shows up after a call from Earl, and demands that Sambuca leaves Matt's flat to live with Reynold in Rose's house. Rose is convinced by Reynold to move into a bedsit, whilst Reynold stays in the Kellys' household and wins the kids back. However, Sambuca refuses to leave Matt's. Earl and Reynold then storm over to Matt's after taking Sambuca's keys. They trash the flat and take Sambuca. Reynold is later arrested after Rose calls the police, and Matt safely gets to keep fostering Sambuca.
Earl's relationship with Maxine continues to be destructive. They are caught having sex in a toilet cubicle by Tom, and Steph bans them from seeing each other under her roof. However, Grantly Budgen turns up on Steph's doorstep after his marriage to Fleur Budgen takes a brief hit when Steph's lies get out of hand. Occupied with Grantly's troubles, Steph fails to notice her own as Maxine sneaks out constantly to be with Earl, or sneaks Earl in. Most prominently, in Episode 7, Steph visits Maxine in her bedroom and warns her, "not to waste away on some little waster like Earl Kelly. You're beautiful, Max, you can do better." As she leaves, the camera pans down to below Maxine's bed, where Earl is hiding with a sinister smile on his face.
Episode 8 proves to be the downfall of Earl and Maxine's relationship, however. Maxine sees Earl being hassled by a girl named Jade. She later confronts them both - Earl insists its nothing and that he loves Maxine, but Jade says otherwise. She says she has had Earl's baby and he's not paying up. Maxine is shocked at this, as she had a stillborn daughter called Charlotte in similar conditions, with Lewis Seddon equally as nasty and not likely to cough up the cash. She also feels surprised because she and Earl had been planning to rent their own place and start a family together. Jade shows Maxine where she is staying with a three-day-old baby, who looks very ill and poorly looked after. Maxine tells Earl she knows of his deceit and tries to end the relationship.
However, at Steph's house, Earl and Maxine have a showdown. "Are you dumping me?" Earl asks furiously, to which Maxine sharply retorts, "Well done!" Earl pulls a gun and aims at Maxine. Janeece, who ran off to get help, returns and tries to stop Earl. He throws her against the wall. Just as Janeece gets up and Steph arrives, Earl pulls the trigger and runs. Maxine dies in the arms of those who loved and cared for her most - Steph and Janeece. Earl is caught by the police and sentenced to life imprisonment for Maxine's murder. Denzil is released from the Institution and the school is distraught. Bolton and Paul blame themselves as they knew Earl had a gun and say nothing. Chlo is in bits, and Steph and Janeece receive counselling.
Earl's sister Sambuca dies in Series 7 of a terminal brain tumour, and Denzil dies at the end of Series 8 after a lorry crashes into him in Scotland. Earl is not seen or heard of since his arrest and departure, apart from a brief mention of his sentencing. It transpires that only Marley, Earl and Prince are left of the five misfit troublemakers from Series 4, and the Kellys' reign of trouble is over.
Actor Reece Noi, who played Earl Kelly, also played Noel Parkin in the first series of the show, who was shown dealing drugs to Maxine Barlow.
Join today to get bonus access to 35+ sites! » step 1: create your account » step 2: select a membership » step 3: checkout
<iframe width="426" height="262" src="http://www.milfseeker.com/en/s1/trailer/embed/9221/?trailerQuality=5&device=pc&revid=33423&xref=pvtgp_pic" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
Hi all!!!! Long time fan and I want to get my gf in here but she said the only way would be if I contibuted myself first and then she would see.
I met this lady just a few weeks ago. What a babe, loves to play. I was lucky to find her when I did. I have never ben with a lady that was this hot before. She will surely wear me out.
Well these pictures speak for themselves, but I still long for your comments... so feel free to write me anything you want. I'm sure that your comments will make me happy! :)
Preparing for a long ling night of anal sex. Adam wants my ass immediately, but I have shaved my pussy just to invite Adam to fuck both holes.
We loved the comments at last contri, so here are some more shots taken last summer, naked bathing and some good fucking after.... ;-)
These are a couple of pictures of my mexican friend. Please send comments. She would like to send more but is unsure about response. Hope you enjoy.
M* Hope You Ladies Like'em Hi all, new member in Las Vegas here. Wanted to share with the ladies who like skinny guys. I'll be enjoying all of your pics for the next year. Positive comments welcome
On Saterday evening 22-05-2004, with the help from her girlfriends Monique let shoot 25 man there sperm on her body. Part 3.....
It was just another day at the office, when I started feeling horny. Luckily I found someone to help me out. Check out Red Clouds to see the (happy) finish.
Here's a few more pics of the Mrs. with a little more showing. We will taken some more pics soon. Hope you guys enjoy them. My wife enjoys reading comments both guys and gals. thanks
Merry Peeness and a Wet and Happy Pee Year to all our friends and fans as well as to all the other friendly members of RC. Cum and play with us! peely yours
Awesome video! It would have rated a perfect 10/10 if the camera work were a little better, and if the condoms were omitted.
nudist aerobics videoas soon as i heard that wet squishy cunt getting fingered skillfully i started wanking my cunt. i knew straight away it had to go in my fave vids. i wish the camera had zoomed up so i could have seen all those guys standing around pulling on their dicks!!
A tip though, for the future: The clit is NOT located in the middle of the outer boundries of the vagina crack...
Daring, cheeky and sexy to look at on the street - but ultimately just for the camera really: inconclusive in terms of sexual arousal.
Hard to let go of brianna. we have the same fetishes. everytime I watch her my cock leaves a long trail of jizz up to my chest. I would love to let go inside of her.
She is the commander of the pride, the follower of the path, the righteous judge, and the merciful servant. She emboldens the virtuous and strikes fear in the heart of the transgressor. She is Odette Diamondcrest, and she comes to the hit card game Ashes in The Law of Lions Deluxe Expansion Set.
This set gives players an all-new Ashes deck ready to play out of the box, or with which to begin deck-building. It not only introduces a new Phoenixborn and new cards to the game, but also includes ten new Divine Magic dice and a stylized deck box which neatly organizes a sleeved Ashes deck, ten dice, and all the tokens from the base set.
The query for: Actor who played the title role in 1949 film drama The Bad Lord Byron crossword clue has 1 possible solution according to our database. Please make sure to cross-check all the possible solutions given on our site because its a well known fact that same crosswords might have different answers.
Previous Post: Alfred —, Austrian psychiatrist; author of The Neurotic Character and The Practice and Theory of Individual Psychology
The query for: Essential rose oil crossword clue has 1 possible solution according to our database. Please make sure to cross-check all the possible solutions given on our site because its a well known fact that same crosswords might have different answers.
Day 12 delivered two more medals for Team Canada at the Winter Olympics, as our country’s wild ride continues in PyeongChang.
With 21 medals (9 gold, 5 silver, 7 bronze), we’re well ahead of the United States (16 medals) with just four days of competition left. If we finish ahead of our neighbours to the south, it’ll be the first time since Nagano 1998.
Another Calgarian, Kaillie Humphries, won bronze in women’s bobsleigh with Phylicia George. Humphries now has a medal in three straight Winter Olympics, adding bronze to her gold medals from Vancouver and Sochi.
George is new to the sport of bobsleigh, transitioning to the Winter Games after two straight appearances at the Summer Olympics in track and field. Humphries recruited her via Twitter.
“I started bobsleigh six months ago so it’s been a lot of work,” George said. “Kaillie has been an amazing mentor to me, I’ve had great coaches, great therapists so I’m just thankful to everybody who’s put themselves into me and the fact that we were able to come together and do this, I’m just really excited by it.”
If we talk about La Dispensa we have to talk of more than a restaurant. It is a restaurant, of course, but
I was recently asked by some students of mine how exactly is client custom validation done in ASP.NET MVC (4). I did this once before unobtrusive validation and jQuery in ASP.NET MVC 2.0 but then I lost contact with the implementation details.
In ASP.NET MVC 4 (this started in MVC 3) there is jQuery unobtrusive validation that works hand-in-hand with Data Annotations (a set of validation attributes that can decorate properties or even (view)model classes). I just remembered that you need to create a ValidationAttribute subclass and also implement IClientValidatable on it. Also you must decorate a property of the (View)Model with this attribute.
On the client side you need to write JavaScript code that provides a validation adapter and a validation function.
Let’s suppose we’d want to create an URL shortening service and on the “Add URL” page we’d have three fields :
The custom slug textbox would be mandatory ONLY if the “Use custom slug” checkbox would be checked. This is the tough part since validating this field requires knowledge of another field’s value (the checkbox in this case). And by tough I mean having to write actual code because there is no out-of-the-box validator for this (not on the server-side nor on the client-side).
This small tutorial will asume that you have knowledge of the ASP.NET MVC platform and C#. I will not go into detail on matters such as what is the MVC pattern, what is the controller, view etc.
I think the controller code is pretty straight-forward. So now let’s create the view and the viewmodel :
As we can see we made use of reflection in order to get the boolean property’s value. Since we can only specify the property as a string, we are stuck with using reflection. Don’t worry about the performance impact, it’s minimal.
In case that the propery is set to true we delegate the validation logic to a RequiredAttribute instance (I chose in this case aggregation over inheritance, which is the most flexible approach – inheriting would have meant deriving from the RequiredAttribute and overriding the IsValid method and then using the base.IsValid etc. etc.)
As we can see the custom slug is not set as invalid since we did not opt in for a custom slug by checking the “Use a custom slug” checkbox. If we do check this checkbox and retry submitting the form we’ll get this :
Well this is fine, that is, the server-side validation. If you ran the sample you might have noticed that a full post is made for the validation errors to be displayed on the page. It works as we intended. Now it’s time to do the same for the client-side. In the case of the ‘Original URL’ field things are handled out-of-the-box. For our new custom validation attribute we’ll need to write some javascript using jQuery.
Well, running the app now, yields basically the same results but at least for the ‘Original URL’ field the validation is done at the client-side first (never ever rely only on the client-side validation and not doing the same on the server! Javascript can be turned off or a malicious user could bypass it one way or the other). If we do check the checkbox and hit ‘Save’ then only the server-side validation is being run. Let’s add some client-side validation for this too.
We should provide the error message value as a result of the FormatErrorMessage method call and not provide the ErrorMessage property’s value because in this (current) way we give the validation rendering mechanism a chance to include the property name as part of the validation message. In our case we haven’t included “{0}” in the error message at the attribute decoration level but we could have done it.
These two new attributes hold the error message for this rule and the validation parameter. Now we will implement javascript code to make use of these attributes. We will add a new javascript file in the Scripts folder, file called ‘RequiredIfTrueValidation.js’. We will also inclued this file in the view :
Let’s have a deeper look on the javascript file. In the first chunk of code there is the validation function and in the second chunk we wire up an ‘adaptor’ for the jQuery unobtrusive validation engine.
Line 8 adds the rule and sets its parameter to the ‘true’ value. This true value is useless in our case (it will be passed as the ‘params’ parameter value on line 1 later) but the line is required in order for the rule to be added to the rules collection.
Finally on line 4 we return the validation result (true meaning ‘is valid’ and false otherwise). We decide this value either by the fact that the checkbox is not checked (“!checkboxValue”) or, the checkbox is checked and the ‘value’ – that is the text in the textbox – is not empty (empty string is evaluated as ‘false’ and non-empty, non-null string is evaluated as ‘true’ in javascript).
Let’s run the site and find out things run as they should. (no screenshot necessary for this, I can’t show how the server is NOT called – maybe a video but for now I feel lazy). You can place a breakpoint at the action level and see how the server is not called.
Let’s start with line 10. This tells jQuery to get the checkbox and attach an event handler for the click event. This handler (line 11) will toggle the visibility of the ‘customSlugRow’ table row (notice I’ve added an id to the tr element on line 33) based on the checked state of the checkbox. In jQuery the ‘this’ reference will point to the element that has the event handler, in this case the checkbox.
Finally on line 9 we set the initial visibility of the row based on the value of the checkbox. Don’t assume that this will always be ‘unchecked’. If the viewmodel comes with the UseCustomSlug set to true (initially not) then the ‘CustomSlug’ should not be hidden.
First of all, great post! I would still would have inherited from RequiredAttribute, for no other reason than code that would use reflection to get attributes of that type, including inheriting classes.
The javascript code, though, has a syntax that belittles the rest of the article, which is very professional and well thought out.
LOL!! I make one tintsie compromise and you get to catch me instantly.. I originally tried the exact thing that you said above. Even more elegant, I wanted to write C# code that would emit $(‘#customSlugRow’).hide() only if it was necessary for it to be initially hidden. But I wasn’t able to interleave C# code between JavaScript code in Razor to my shame.
Having fun with HTML 5 History API – part three | Andrei Rinea's technical blog on Having fun with HTML 5 History API – part two
Having fun with HTML 5 History API – part two | Andrei Rinea's technical blog on Having fun with HTML 5 History API – part three
The purpose of this website, atoz2u.com (the “Site”), owned and operated by Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd, is to provide web publishing services. Please read these terms of service (“Agreement”) carefully before using the Site or any services provided on the Site (collectively, “Services”). By using or accessing the Services, you agree to become bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not use the Services. The Services are accessed by You (“Subscriber” or “You”) under the following terms and conditions:
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd may offer to provide the Services, as described more fully on the Site, and which are selected by Subscriber, solely for Subscriber’s own use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party. Services shall include, but not be limited to, any services Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd performs for Subscriber, as well as the offering of any Content (as defined below) on the Site. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd may change, suspend or discontinue the Services at any time, including the availability of any feature, database, or Content. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict Subscriber’s access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify these Terms of Service at any time by posting revised Terms of Service on the Site and by providing notice via e-mail, where possible, or on the Site. Subscriber shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Use of the Services by Subscriber following such modification constitutes Subscriber’s acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified.
Subscriber certifies to Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd that if Subscriber is an individual (i.e., not a corporate entity), Subscriber is at least 13 years of age. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information to or on Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd (including, for example, a name, address, telephone number or email address). Subscriber also certifies that it is legally permitted to use the Services and access the Site, and takes full responsibility for the selection and use of the Services and access of the Site. This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Site is revoked in such jurisdictions. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd makes no claim that the Site may be lawfully viewed or that Content may be downloaded outside of Malaysia. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If You access the Site from outside Malaysia, You do so at Your own risk and You are responsible for compliance with the laws of Your jurisdiction.
Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the Site and Services are available twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. However, there will be occasions when the Site and/or Services will be interrupted for maintenance, upgrades and repairs or due to failure of telecommunications links and equipment. Every reasonable step will be taken by Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd to minimize such disruption where it is within Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd’s reasonable control.
You agree that neither Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd nor the Site will be liable in any event to you or any other party for any suspension, modification, discontinuance or lack of availability of the Site, the service, your Subscriber Content or other Content.
Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd retains the right to create limits on use and storage in its sole discretion at any time with or without notice.
Subscriber shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to, access the Site or otherwise use the Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, software, and long distance or local telephone service. Subscriber shall be responsible for ensuring that such equipment or ancillary services are compatible with the Services.
The Site and its contents are intended solely for the use of Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd Subscribers and may only be used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. All materials displayed or performed on the Site, including, but not limited to text, graphics, logos, tools, photographs, images, illustrations, software or source code, audio and video, animations and Themes (as defined below), including without limitation the Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd Template Code (as defined below) (collectively, “Content”) (other than Content posted by Subscriber (“Subscriber Content”)) are the property of Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd and/or third parties and are protected by Malaysia and international copyright laws. The Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd API shall be used solely pursuant to the terms of the API Terms of Service. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd and/or third parties. Subscriber shall abide by all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services.
The Site is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to Malaysia copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws. Other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement, Subscriber may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, upload, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content, software, materials, or Services in whole or in part.
Subscriber may download or copy the Content, and other items displayed on the Site for download, for personal use only, provided that Subscriber maintains all copyright and other notices contained in such Content. Downloading, copying, or storing any Content for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd, or from the copyright holder identified in such Content’s copyright notice. In the event You download software from the Site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and the data accompanying the software (collectively, the “Software”) is licensed to You by Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd or third party licensors for Your personal, noncommercial use, and no title to the Software shall be transferred to You. You may own the Subscriber Content on which the Software is recorded, but Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd or third party licensors retain full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights therein.
Subscriber shall own all Subscriber Content that Subscriber contributes to the Site, but hereby grants and agrees to grant Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable right and license (with the right to sublicense), to use, copy, cache, publish, display, distribute, modify, create derivative works and store such Subscriber Content and to allow others to do so (“Content License”) in order to provide the Services. On termination of Subscriber’s membership to the Site and use of the Services, Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd shall make all reasonable efforts to promptly remove from the Site and cease use of the Subscriber Content; however, Subscriber recognizes and agrees that caching of or references to the Subscriber Content may not be immediately removed. Subscriber warrants, represents and agrees Subscriber has the right to grant Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd and the Site the rights set forth above. Subscriber represents, warrants and agrees that it will not contribute any Subscriber Content that (a) infringes, violates or otherwise interferes with any copyright or trademark of another party, (b) reveals any trade secret, unless Subscriber owns the trade secret or has the owner’s permission to post it, (c) infringes any intellectual property right of another or the privacy or publicity rights of another, (d) is libelous, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harassing, hateful, offensive or otherwise violates any law or right of any third party, (e) contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb or other computer programming routine or engine that is intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or information, or (f) remains posted after Subscriber has been notified that such Subscriber Content violates any of sections (a) to (e) of this sentence. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd reserves the right to remove any Subscriber Content from the Site, suspend or terminate Subscriber’s right to use the Services at any time, or pursue any other remedy or relief available to Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd and/or the Site under equity or law, for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Subscriber Content or if Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd is concerned that Subscriber may have breached the immediately preceding sentence), or for no reason at all.
Subscriber is responsible for all of its activity in connection with the Services and accessing the Site. Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity or any use of the Services or Content in violation of this Agreement may be grounds for termination of Subscriber’s right to Services or to access the Site. Subscriber may not post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd user.
Use of the Site or Services to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes, transfer or store illegal material including that are deemed threatening or obscene, or engage in any kind of illegal activity is expressly prohibited. Under no circumstances will Subscriber use the Site or the Service to (a) send unsolicited e-mails, bulk mail, spam or other materials to users of the Site or any other individual, (b) harass, threaten, stalk or abuse any person or party, including other users of the Site, (c) create a false identity or to impersonate another person, or (d) post any false, inaccurate or incomplete material or delete or revise any material that was not posted by You.
Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to Subscriber. Subscriber acknowledges that Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gains access to the Site; which Content Subscriber accesses via the Site; what effects the Content may have on Subscriber; how Subscriber may interpret or use the Content; or what actions Subscriber may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. Much of the Content of the Site is provided by and is the responsibility of the user or subscriber who posted the Content. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd does not monitor the Content of the Site and takes no responsibility for such Content. Subscriber releases Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd from all liability for Subscriber having acquired or not acquired Content through the Site. The Site may contain, or direct Subscriber to sites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Site, and Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Site.
Although Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd and the Site will make reasonable efforts to store and preserve the material residing on the Site, neither Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd nor the Site is responsible or liable in any way for the failure to store, preserve or access Subscriber Content or other materials you transmit or archive on the Site. You are strongly urged to take measures to preserve copies of any data, material, content or information you post or upload on the Site. You are solely responsible for creating back-ups of your Subscriber Content.
The Services, Content, Site and any Software are provided on an “as is” basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the Site, the Services, including any representation or warranty that the use of the Site or Services will (a) be timely, uninterrupted or error-free or operate in combination with any other hardware, software, system or data, (b) meet your requirements or expectations, (c) be free from errors or that defects will be corrected, (d) be free of viruses or other harmful components.
To the fullest extent allowed by law, Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd disclaims any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, reliability, availability, completeness, legality or operability of the material or services provided on this Site. By using this Site, you acknowledge that Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd is not responsible or liable for any harm resulting from (1) use of the Site; (2) downloading information contained on the Site including but not limited to downloads of content posted by subscribers; (3) unauthorized disclosure of images, information or data that results from the upload, download or storage of content posted by subscribers; (4) the temporary or permanent inability to access or retrieve any Subscriber Content from the Site, including, without limitation, harm caused by viruses, worms, trojan horses, or any similar contamination or destructive program.
Users of the Site may gain access from the Site to third party sites on the Internet through hypertext or other computer links on the Site. Third party sites are not within the supervision or control of Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd or the Site. Unless explicitly otherwise provided, neither Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd nor the Site make any representation or warranty whatsoever about any third party site that is linked to the Site, or endorse the products or services offered on such site. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd and the Site disclaim: (a) all responsibility and liability for content on third party websites and (b) any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) You might be requested to give any third party, and You hereby irrevocably waive any claim against the Site or Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd with respect to such sites and third party content.
As a condition to using Services, Subscriber will be required to register with Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd and select a password and Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd URL. Subscriber shall provide Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd with accurate, complete, and updated registration information, including Subscriber’s e-mail address. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of Subscriber’s account. Subscriber may not (a) select or use as a Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd URL a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (b) use as a Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd URL a name subject to any rights of a person other than Subscriber without appropriate authorization. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd URL in its discretion. Subscriber shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Subscriber’s Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd password. Subscriber is solely responsible for any use of or action taken under Subscriber’s password and accepts full responsibility for all activity conducted through Subscriber’s account and agrees to and hereby releases the Site and Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd from any and all liability concerning such activity. Subscriber agrees to notify Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd immediately of any actual or suspected loss, theft, or unauthorized use of Subscriber’s account or password. The Site will take reasonably security precautions when using the internet, telephone or other means to transport date or other communications, but expressly disclaims any and all liability for the accessing of any such data communications by unauthorized persons or entities.
Subscriber will indemnify and hold Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd, its directors, officers and employees, harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of Subscriber’s access to the Site, use of the Services, the violation of this Agreement by Subscriber, or the infringement by Subscriber, or any third party using the Subscriber’s account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
Some of the Services require payment of fees. All fees are stated in U.S. dollars. Subscriber shall pay all applicable fees, as described on the Site in connection with such Services selected by Subscriber, and any related taxes or additional charges. All fees are non-refundable unless expressly stated otherwise on the Site. Subscriber represents to Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd that Subscriber is the authorized account holder or an authorized user of the chosen method of payment used to pay for the paid aspects of the Services. All fee-based Services and virtual goods are provided “AS IS” with no warranties of any kind. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd may modify and/or eliminate such fee-based Services at its discretion. Subscriber understands and agrees that the payment for virtual goods grants Subscriber a limited license to use the virtual goods as specified on the Site.
Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd may change its prices at any time but will provide you reasonable notice of any such changes by posting the new prices on the Site and by sending you email notification. If you do not wish to pay the new prices, you may cancel the services prior to the change going into effect.
Either party may terminate the Services at any time by notifying the other party by any means. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd may also terminate or suspend any and all Services and access to the Site immediately, without prior notice or liability, if Subscriber breaches any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. Upon termination of Subscriber’s account, Subscriber’s right to use the Services, access the Site, and any Content will immediately cease. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. Termination of Your access to and use of the Site and the Services shall not relieve Subscriber of any obligations arising or accruing prior to such termination or limit any liability which Subscriber otherwise may have to Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd or the Site, including without limitation any indemnification obligations contained herein.
Please review our Privacy Policy, which governs the use of personal information on the Site and to which Subscriber agrees to be bound as a user of the Site.
This Agreement (including the Privacy Policy), as modified from time to time, constitutes the entire agreement between You, the Site and Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by Subscriber except with Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd’s prior written consent. Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd may assign this Agreement in whole or in part at any time without Subscriber’s consent. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and Subscriber does not have any authority of any kind to bind Atoz Computer Media Sdn Bhd in any respect whatsoever.
atoz2u respects the intellectual property of others and takes the protection of copyrights and all other intellectual property very seriously, and we ask our users to do the same. Infringing activity will not be tolerated on or through the Services.
atoz2u’s intellectual property policy is to (a) remove material that atoz2u believes in good faith, upon notice from an intellectual property owner or their agent, is infringing the intellectual property of a third party by being made available through the Services, and (b) remove any Subscriber Content posted to the Services by “repeat infringers.” atoz2u considers a “repeat infringer” to be any user that has uploaded Subscriber Content to the Services and for whom atoz2u has received more than two takedown notices compliant with the provisions of 17 U.S.C. § 512(c) with respect to such Subscriber Content. atoz2u has discretion, however, to terminate the account of any user after receipt of a single notification of claimed infringement or upon atoz2u’s own determination.
If you believe that any content made available on or through the Services has been used or exploited in a manner that infringes an intellectual property right you own or control, then please promptly send a “Notification of Claimed Infringement” containing the following information to the Designated Agent identified below. Your communication must include substantially the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the work(s) that has/have been allegedly infringed;
Identification of works or materials being infringed, or, if multiple works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;
Identification of the specific material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit atoz2u to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit atoz2u to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You should consult with your own lawyer and/or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm your obligations to provide a valid notice of claimed infringement.
If you receive a notification from atoz2u that material made available by you on or through the Services has been the subject of a Notification of Claimed Infringement, then you will have the right to provide atoz2u with what is called a “Counter Notification.” To be effective, a Counter Notification must be in writing, provided to atoz2u’s Designated Agent through one of the methods identified immediately above, and include substantially the following information:
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
The subscriber’s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the subscriber’s address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which atoz2u may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided a Notification of Claimed Infringement as set forth above or an agent of such person.
A party submitting a Counter Notification should consult a lawyer or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm the party’s obligations to provide a valid counter notification under the Copyright Act.
Upon receipt of a Counter Notification, atoz2u shall promptly provide the party submitting a Notification of Claimed Infringement with a copy of the Counter Notification, and atoz2u will replace the removed material or cease disabling access to it in not less than 10, nor more than fourteen (14), business days following receipt of the Counter Notice, unless atoz2u’s Designated Agent first receives notice from the person who submitted the Notification of Claimed Infringement that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the subscriber from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on atoz2u’s system or network.
[a]ny person who knowingly materially misrepresents under [Section 512 of the Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512)] (1) that material or activity is infringing, or (2) that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, shall be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by the alleged infringer, by any copyright owner or copyright owner’s authorized licensee, or by a service provider, who is injured by such misrepresentation, as the result of [atoz2u] relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing, or in replacing the removed material or ceasing to disable access to it.
atoz2u reserves the right to seek damages from any party that submits a Notification of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notification in violation of the law.
For the avoidance of doubt, only notices submitted under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and the procedures set forth in this Agreement should be sent to the Designated Agent at admin[at]atoz2u[dot]com or to the postal address identified above. Any other comments, compliments, complaints or suggestions about atoz2u, the operation of the Services or any other matter should be sent to admin[at]atoz2u[dot]com.
How awesome would it be if they did the fans a favor and brought it around with them to some F1 events. Just seeing that thing in action in person would be worth the price of admission for me.
Yes! I had thought for half a second you were just fooling around and then I saw that half-front sketch.
You taunt him into a drag race. The light turns green and you completely, utterly, absolutely SMOKE HIS ASS!!
I think he might suspect that something was up when the minivan next to him when it's idling at nine thousand RPM.
RL, I was thinking along similar lines: Show up at a track day with this on a flatbed trailer. All the laughs and taunts would disappear once it started up and headed for the track.
Ah, past F1 experience serving as the inspiration for legendary F1 van-spinoffs serving as inspiration for future F1 success. Tale as old as time.
I was going to say that the 3 into 1 header looks as if it has an outer and inner path for exhaust gasses instead of combining the runners into 1 as they meet the final pipe
On the same line I tought I remember a Ford Transit with a Cosworth DFV, but it looks like there were three versions http://www.rebelvanners.co.uk/SUPERVANS.htm
The world is ready for another Espace F1. The V8s are going to be useless at the end of the year anyway, so why not shoehorn one into some appropriately shite Renault product, there's so much choice. A Modus F1, a Koleos F1 or why not, another Espace!
Blog Archive September (1) April (1) March (4) February (1) January (4) December (4) November (2) October (3) September (6) August (2) July (11) June (7) May (9) April (9) March (7) February (8) January (3) December (6) November (11) October (17) September (14) August (8) July (18) June (25) May (25) April (20) March (26) February (26) January (19) December (9) November (25) October (28) September (26) August (19) July (21) June (32) May (25) April (26) March (30) February (16) January (40) December (27) November (32) October (29) September (28) August (27) July (27) June (30) May (37) April (28) March (41) February (35) January (42) December (25) November (29) October (31) September (41) August (33) July (37) June (31) May (47) April (30) March (41) February (36) January (50) December (34) November (36) October (39) September (44) August (47) July (59) June (54) May (37) April (42) March (44) February (39) January (37) December (28) November (42) October (34) September (47) August (43) July (50) June (40) May (43) April (41) March (58) February (61) January (48) December (28) November (47) October (46) September (41) August (48) July (54) June (43) May (47) April (57) March (54) February (45) January (43) December (37) November (42) October (56) September (60) August (41) July (56) June (51) May (37) April (42) March (49) February (35) January (45) December (28) November (27) October (41) September (48) August (40) July (38) June (33) May (31) April (41) March (41) February (25) January (9) December (9) November (6) October (15) September (14) August (10) July (5) June (14) May (13) April (3) March (3) February (3) January (7) December (8) November (9) October (1)
Two second place finishes, two fast laps and two survived brushes with the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve's infamous Wall of Champions!
Both races were won by Ricardo Perez, F1's Sergio Perez's cousin and an experienced touring car racer in his native Mexico, with CG glued to his bumper.
Montreal, 7 June – The drivers of the North American Ferrari Challenge, fueled by the glamorous and exciting Formula One backdrop, put on a true racing spectacle in the fourth race of the 2014 season.
In the first leg of the two classes, there was some hard racing all the way to the flag. Damon Ockey (Ferrari of Ontario) started in pole, and tried to defend his position from the attack of Ricardo Perez (Ferrari of Houston) who finished first despite several attempts to overtake him by Carlos Gomez (Ferrari of San Francisco). In the end, the Trofeo Pirelli podium was completed by Emmanuel Anassis (Ferrari of Quebec).
Of the Coppa Shell drivers, the victory went to Chris Ruud (Ferrari of Beverly Hills) who led from the start all the way to the finish line. James Weiland (Ferrari of San Francisco) maintained his position as well, arriving in second place. Robert Herjavec (Ferrari of Ontario) moved swiftly ahead of the pack and finished third.
The second and final race of the Ferrari Challenge weekend will take place tomorrow morning at 11:15 AM and will precede the official 2014 Formula One Grand Prix of Canada which will start at 2 PM.
Race 2 saw a hefty shunt when Chris Ruud and Ugo Colombo tangled exactly where Massa and Perez would later in the day. Colombo walked away from the 150 mph hit, a testament to Ferrari engineering and safety design of the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve.
Montreal, 8 June – A glorious Ferrari weekend continued today with the second Ferrari Challenge race taking place just hours before the official start of the 2014 Formula One Grand Prix of Canada. The Trofeo Prielli and Coppa Shell drivers prepared the ground this exciting race Sunday morning.
In the Trofeo Pirelli class, Ricardo Perez (Ferrari of Houston) maintained his ground, fiercely battling for his first place win against Carlos Gomez (Ferrari of San Francisco) who finished second with the fastest lap time in today’s race. Damon Ockey came in third after a daring overtake in the first turn of the race, competing against his Ferrari of Ontario teammate, Marc Muzzo, to ultimately take the podium.
Robert Herjavec (Ferrari of Ontario) was all smiles as he finished on top of the podium today, taking victory in the Coppa Shell class. Herjavec took the lead from Chris Ruud (Ferrari of Beverly Hills) after a collision with Ugo Colombo (The Collection) at the end of the straightaway. However, Ruud was able to maintain his podium standing, finishing behind his teammate, Jon Becker, for a third place finish.
The fifth round of the North American series of the Ferrari Challenge will stay in Canada to take place at Mont Tremblant in Quebec on June 27-29.
Brilliant stuff this weekend! Some very strategic patience during race one that was well rewarded, and a solid two races overall. It was cool to see the car in person, that livery is awesome in person and very recognizable - "Hey - I read that blog!"
but by then the gap to first was too big. CG was right behind the Perez, but it looked like he needed a few more laps to over take him.
A nice piece , Space Invaders, by a typographer in Slate on why you should use one space after periods rather than two, and a semi-reasonable rebuttal "You Can Have My Double Space When You Pry it From My Cold, Dead Hands" in the Atlantic (I am particularly sympathetic to the computer science argument).
As a long time typography enthusiast, I've long used 1 space, but realize that most don't. It comes up quite often for me in co-authored papers where I constantly replace the double spaces of my co-authors (fortunately with find and replace, it is quite easy). I actually got into a minor scuffle over this at the White House, it was insisted that we use two spaces in official memos.
If you want to manage a successful business, it takes more than just getting by with the one or two basic attachments — it requires a complete inventory ranging from augers and planers to snow blowers and mowers. Attachments are essential to compact equipment versatility, and the ability to successfully stock the right attachments in quantities that meet customer demand is crucial to understanding their needs and helping them further identify business opportunities.
Compact equipment, including excavators and loaders, should be as versatile and productive on as many jobsites as possible. Customer needs differ — from loading dirt and aggregate, to moving brush, to sweeping debris to breaking up concrete — so with attachment versatility, customers can stretch their equipment to changing applications.
Additionally, by simply adding new and different attachments, contractors in particular can increase their time and profits on particular jobsites. They can enhance utilization of capital pieces they already own, without much additional cash investments.
What makes your business different than the rest? If your business doesn’t distinguish your services in the competitive market, it might be time to make some changes. For instance, stocking machines with a quality attachment exchange system can increase attachment options and speed up customer efficiency. Some compact equipment models have been designed to vertically integrate with the machine’s electronics and hydraulics. These attachments provide flexibility and convenience to your customers.
Compact excavators are ideal candidates for attachment integration, allowing owners and operators to complete a variety of projects beyond the scope of just earthmoving applications. The machines can access tight areas, are effective in pavement and utility rehabilitation applications and can be used to refurbish aging utilities like gas, sewer and septic tank systems. Attachments used in conjunction with compact excavators include:
Compact loader attachments range from general, all-purpose material-handling buckets to heavy-duty industrial buckets for larger applications. Loaders can also be fitted with other attachments to handle the demand, which can multiply their capability to serve a wide variety of different applications year-round, including and snow removal. Other attachments include:
To get the best design and top quality development for your small business or startup, you should check out web development and design for small businesses
Link Tanzania is an e-boutique design firm based in Tanzania, which combines cutting-edge technology with keen business acumen to deliver high quality "e"nnovative Web solutions, providing effective, stylish, dynamic and affordable website and database design and development.
The Ministry of East African Cooperation was established with a view to accelerating the region?s integration process. The Ministry is therefore dedicated to enhancing effective participation of Tanzania in the East African Community
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "MS Boys Basketball @ Bangor", or just this one?
Summary collage: The following collage image represents a summary of the full video available to our members.
Stef's Jewelry, Crochet, and Other Craft Stuff (lately I'm writing about my crafty activities on my blog and on Ravelry)
Do not send unsolicited commercial email. For more information on stopping unsolicited commercial email, see Coalition Against Unsolicited Commercial Email (CAUCE).
Inspired by our namesake, informed by our history and guided by our vision, we are a comprehensive University working to strengthen society through engaged teaching and learning.
With over 45 majors and minors we have the right program to fit your passion and prepare you for success.
Over a dozen master’s degrees and a range of professional certificate programs that offer a deeply enriching education and valuable career opportunities after graduation.
A rigorous, personalized and marketable legal education at the best-priced ABA-accredited private law school in the Northeast.
With certificates, training and flexible degree completion options in Providence and online we meet you where you are.
From visiting campus, to applying, to financial aid, we’re to help you at every step of the admission process.
We offer a wide variety of pathways into the university that help you at any age and any stage of your career and educational goals. Let us help guide you through the admission and aid process.
Life @ RWU is all about community. From supporting a diverse and inclusive student body to being an committed partner to communities in R.I. and beyond, we are a private University with a public purpose.
A rigorous, personalized and marketable legal education. We offer JDs and a Master of Studies in Law.
In order to complete a minor in Chinese, students are placed at the appropriate level and are required to complete a minimum of three courses in the Chinese language, with at least one course being at the 300 level. Additionally students must complete one course from the listing below.
All catalogs © 2018 Roger Williams University. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
Bar Height Dining Chairs Captain Counter Height Arm Chair Winn 5 Piece Wicker Patio Bar Height Dining Furniture Set
Bar Height Dining Chairs Captain Counter Height Arm Chair Winn 5 Piece Wicker Patio Bar Height Dining Furniture Set	October 17, 2018	buyorganicfood
Owen is ready for another week of parties and procrastination when he finds out that his parents are arriving that evening for dinner, under the impression that he has booked a restaurant and that they will meet his new girlfriend. Will Owen pull off the greatest deception of Lent term? Will he find love in the back room of Curry Queen? And will the whole thing be derailed by a bad French accent?
Claytonia that lived, unprotected, through the winter. I shall surely plant a lot of this in the fall.
A poppy! I thought that I had killed it via transplant and drought for sure. Again, the tenacity of life...
So sad. This Summercrisp Pear tree is for sure dead, along with one of the Goldcot Apricots. The other pear and apricot might make it.
And can you spot the kids' new little friend, Stuart Roo? I am trying really hard not to be grossed out and upset... this little rodent may very well have played a part in all of the winter destruction around the yarden. And I'm just so sure that it already has made or will make a nest, full of spawn. -a deep breath- But, the kids love the strangely tame Stuart(ina) Roo and so I choose to walk away.
The channel was launched in July 2004 with a very thorough home work done by the AVT creative team. As the aim was not to roll out a run of the mill channel but a channel with a slogan of “Pride of the Proud”.
This week on the Tales of a Red Clay Rambler Podcast I have an interview with ceramic artist Carole Epp. Her sculpture addresses social issues such as consumerism through the reconfigured forms of kitch figurines. She says of her work, "Cute on the surface, my work betrays its collectible figurine reference by subverting the idealist propaganda of historical figurines in exchange for the dark realities of contemporary humanitarian concerns."
In the interview we talk about her approach to social commentary, the darkness in her aesthetic and her excellent blog, Musing about Mud. For more information on her work please visit www.caroleepp.com. To view her blog please visit www.musingaboutmud.blogspot.com.
To subscribe to the Red Clay Rambler podcast on iTunes please click here. You can also stream the latest episode on the podcast tab for the site. Click here to listen.
Carole also produces a line of functional table ware for children. I love to see how see approaches the innocence of childhood through contrasting bodies of work.
Blah, blah, blah blah, this type of "art" is played out. It's been done. It's getting very old, and it is cliché.
100 other worn out crap excuses to air your beef and crusade in the guise of "art", because you are so noble to point out the foolish foibles of others.
Oh, and while you're at it, it helps to use the beloved images of other groups in an ironic manner (you're SO clever) to show what idiots THEY are, and how YOU would never make those choices, and are morally superior.
Denice - seems as though you might have an ax to grind and Carole just happened to be in your line of fire. There is always a way to prove a point and "make" someone wrong, at least in your mind. However, I don't know that it has anything to do with Carole Epp or her work. It's very simple, She has something to say, she says it in the way she chooses as an artist, and there are then those that appreciate what she does and want to buy it.
"100 other worn out crap excuses to air your beef and crusade in the guise of "art", because you are so noble to point out the foolish foibles of others"
aren't you airing your beef? airing your beef about the foolish foibles of others? and aren't you feeling oh so noble?
thanks for saying that Linda, I like the range of work that Carole produces that express a variety of thoughts and feelings.
August 11th, 2018 | Tags: Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Ben Shapiro, Cartoons by Henry, Democrat, Democratic Party, Democrats, Socialist | Category: Political Cartoons by Henry | Comments are closed
The United States strongly condemns the recent attacks by forces under the direction of Ibrahim Jadhran on the oil ports of Ras Lanuf and Al Sidra, and the ongoing violence that has damaged Libya’s vital oil infrastructure and disrupted oil exports. We call for all armed actors to cease hostilities and withdraw immediately from oil installations before further damage occurs.
Oil facilities, production, and revenues belong to the Libyan people. The United States believes these vital Libyan resources must remain under the exclusive control of the National Oil Corporation and the sole oversight of the Government of National Accord, as outlined in UN Security Council Resolutions 2259, 2278, and 2362
There is a bewildering choice of WordPress plugin for adding to your WordPress.org site. Which are the ones...
THE FINTECH ECOSYSTEM REPORT: Measuring the effects of technology on the entire financial services industry
In this report, BI Intelligence assesses the state of the global fintech industry, highlights the drivers of its growth, outlines the areas of fintech that are coming to the fore, and explains the dif... Read More
Almost every type of financial activity — from banking to payments to wealth management and more — is being re-imagined by startups, some of which have garnered blockbuster investments. Meanwhile, the... Read More
Our BI Intelligence INSIDER Newsletters are currently read by thousands of business professionals first thing every morning. Fortune 1000 companies, startups, digital agencies, investment firms, and m... Read More
What Are Amino Acids Amino acids are the building blocks of protein. We eat a lot of proteins and other nutrients in the body lie carbohydrate, starch etc. Which are broken down by our digestive Read more…
Adam Silver, Director of Silver Model Management: We welcome Adam who has an comprehensive background in Print, Commercial and Tv/Film. You then bring your kid along to the ‘casting’ exactly where the client will take a quick appear at your child and almost certainly 20 other youngsters from the agency and other agencies. This typically takes the form of a printed model book, a digital model book or photos on a internet site. I would have thought I would have to go through a brick and mortar agency to uncover a kid model. A great idea is not to force your child into this profession just since you have particular interest in the profession.
For six months the child laid in the woods and was thrown there like a piece of garbage. Being a parent of the child it would be secure to go with your kid for the interview, attend modeling sessions, photo shoots, and so on. However, do know that kid modeling is a highly competitive and selective field. Child models are in a position to supply a refreshing image to the advertisement or promotion of a item. Most specialist models, including youngster models, operate with photographers that have access to higher quality digital gear, lighting, and studios. Do not count on that your kid will get rich, spend your bills or get you a new auto.
Companies such as On-line Model Globe, enable models the capacity to self-register, generate a internet web page, upload and preserve an image portfolio, and connect with clientele and advertisers. As a parent, it is ideal that you appear at kid modeling as a fun adventure for you and your youngster. Interestingly, that there are many well-known celebrities who got their start as youngster models. Receiving specialist photographs is the initial step in assisting your youngster enter the thrilling planet of web modeling. Just as it is with adult modeling, child modeling can be extremely unkind to subjects if they are not protected the correct way. Has hundreds of accomplishment stories and welcomes youngster models of all ages, sizes and heights. His mother went to work that evening knowing her child was dead and acted like nothing at all ever occurred.
Most of the advertising agencies, model coordinators, modelling agencies, production homes, directors, producers and clientele supply kid models, kid models and baby models by way of our site. Each and every child model agency will perform in a slightly different way and set their charge structures accordingly. There will also be particular instructions on how the kid ought to pose with the toy or clothes for the promotional image. If you wanna be a star on Tv and also be a model in print advertisements and commercials, the quantity-a single Television network in the Philippines is a excellent location for you. Youngster modeling agencies supply a valuable way for parents to get their young children involved in the field of modelling. If your child feels uncomfortable around adults he doesn’t know, modeling might not be right for him.
A youngster model could be asked to do all sorts of uncomfortable things, like stand on a cold beach in a swimsuit, wear footwear that are way as well modest, or have their hairstyle changed 3 times in 1 hour. When you have discovered an agency that appears like it might be correct for your kid, check them out with companies which are likely to use youngster models to see if the agency is recognized and utilised by these clientele. If a go-see does not materialize into a job, your kid demands to be in a position to place it behind her and move ahead to the subsequent 1.…
From a Photo Shoot with seventeen year old Courtney Erickson in southern Louisiana. Bear in mind, there could possibly be a lot glamor connected to the field of modelling, but in reality, significantly function is involved, but your aspiration to become a model can nevertheless be realized. Taking acting training class will assist you hone your expertise and assist you become more versatile as an actor. And if you are an aspiring model and show excellent possible, numerous agencies will take you up.
Those who wish to turn out to be teen models ought to take permission from their parents and also have a backup program for their future as there is no guarantee for good results or a complete time job in the market. Do you ever wonder which renowned celebrity you appear like, as you can grow to be a celebrity appear-alike You might not think you appear like anybody popular, but there are numerous celebrities about the world who could look just like you. Getting a model is perceived as quite glamorous and prestigious in this competitive business. If you really like to model then maintain on performing it even if they turn you away, perseverance is constantly a specific good quality. Therefore, any girl, who’s asking How can I become a model?” can discover all the necessary details in out ideas and in the publications on the subjects.
Feel free of charge to speak to us for much more information with regards to trustworthy Agencies and representation. A person please assist me!!!!!!!!!I need to become a renowned singer swiftly if anyone has advice PLEASE Assist ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! On however yet another not, you have to have the appropriate point of view as effectively as perseverance if you genuinely want to become a model. An agency may possibly support you in shaping your profession about how to become a model They will be the ones who will discover you the work. My name is Cali im 19 & i know i can be a video vixen not jus like the rest but Better Absolutely everyone currently believe im a model Trust me im the 1 ! By way of the interaction with experienced models you get some critical ideas to succeed in become a model.
At instances, your height and/or size may limit you to the type of jobs that grow to be available. Regardless if you are young or old, beauty or beast, there is an marketing agency on how to become a model accessible somewhere looking for you. A plus size model is always required in the style sector, and contrary to the misinformed belief that only svelte, tall and skinny girls are in demand by the modelling agencies, plus size modelling is a higher demand profession.
So it really is not straightforward to become a Japanese model, specifically if you have no modeling experience in your personal nation. But if your a model you will already be in a position to get added jobs presented to you. Given that there are so numerous men and women attempting to turn out to be models in today’s globe, it really is really challenging to get into the market. Subsequent please check out my principal to get started on your journey to grow to be a supermodel or just a great regular model!!! Get a reputable agency or experienced model to look out for you, considering that there are folks who take advantage of young models. A Runway Model: Most girls on the catwalk are at least 5’8 and frequently modest-breasted. Modeling school can be costly, and whether or not or not they will teach you how to become a model is questionable. …
Pals & loved ones cautioned me that the one point a valid agency would not do is make me spend upfront. Some parents feel that entering their youngster in pageants and cute infant modeling contests are the greatest way to start off a modeling profession. We are more than happy to travel to any location to get him booked with a fantastic agency. Hi, I am looking for an agency close to or in Charlotte NC. Any support would be greatly appreciated. Because he’s creating upon his language ability, so begin (or maintain) reading to your infant.
For Seattle models, profession has turn out to be less complicated these days due to significantly effortless access to get ready for this profession by means of on the web engagements and auditions. If you want to get into modeling, show this webpage to your parents and ask them to speak to modeling agencies exactly where you reside. My great pal who lives in Boston and her tween daughter have been approached in a mall by a scout. If you live in New Delhi or other cities and submit pictures of your child to an agency in Mumbai – they count on you to be accessible to function in Mumbai. Firms generally bring in a number of babies (4-6) for every single shot they need because they don’t want to count on any infant getting in a position to execute at any offered moment.
By keeping your horizons open, your child might be offered function as a model and in film and tv. As a parent, it is greatest that you appear at kid modeling as a enjoyable adventure for you and your youngster. Dramatic alterations in fashion at an exceedingly fast pace have brought on manifold demand of models all over the globe and so have swiped more than the situation of Seattle modeling. They have been young preteen models, entered the world of style and modeling in their teens and have stayed excellent ever given that and grew in to celebrity status.
Typically occasions, these toys and objects will finish up in his mouth, so this is a excellent time to entertain your child with toys. Your baby is probably rolling more than or trying to. Lay your baby down on a mat, or just the floor, and place toys on one particular side to get his consideration. You are going to require a modeling portfolio, I’m certain you’ll all know what a single of these is but for these that never it’s basically a selection of images displaying oneself in different outfits and poses.
You will get a really feel for which agency you really feel more comfy with for the duration of your meetings. Two weeks ago, I logged into my Ralph Lauren account right after browsing garments that I am going to buy for my child and then I decided to contact buyer service. At five months old, your infant has started to figure out exactly where sounds come from, and he’ll turn towards new sounds.…
Not ahead of you have spoken to any agencies you could be considering joining. Being wise sufficient will prevent you from receiving fooled and if extra care and consideration is paid, your child can surely have a effective profession in youngster modeling. The first step is to have your kid seen by as a lot of sector specialists as possible. Many advertisers, customers, and organizations have begun looking and operating with model talent in order to present their products and services to a youthful audience. Don’t forget above all that an agency and its customers will require to see what your child actually looks like! I have been quite fortunate in the final eleven years to be functioning for a nursing agency that provides nursing solutions in the house. Just as your child requirements to be capable to move ahead after rejection, so ought to you.
If a modeling agency is interested in your youngster they will get in touch with you, occasionally that very day, at times weeks or months later. Most kid model agencies will call for you to send 1 or more up-to-date snap shots of your youngster or young children, either by means of e-mail or by post. Youngsters clothes lines are sprouting up everywhere and they usually need kids to model. All they ought to request is five or 6 photographs of the child for the file (these do not have to be professionally taken ones). When picking a kid modeling agency to perform with, you ought to make certain you operate with one that knows the market well.
Operating with a modeling agency will let you to learn more about the market and locate out the very best way to go about acquiring modelling jobs for your kid with out endangering them at all. Just total the on-line kid modelling application kind with your child’s information and what sort of categories they’re interested in, then upload some pictures. This city is known for its beautiful natives, as well, so I see why there must be a modeling agency here. Getting been about for a lengthy time would have permitted a great agency to encounter both the excellent side and the bad side of the kid modelling field and as such would be helpful in obtaining you started safely.
An agency need to be pleased to discuss their indicates of promotion with you and, if they use an interactive strategy such as a digital catalogue or internet site, show you how every thing operates. Can aid you get your youngster in front of reputable agents and scouts for numerous of the industry’s leading agencies. Nevertheless, there are particular factors that you want to be aware of about hiring kid models on the Net. Right here are a handful of issues to think about if you are pondering about a modeling or acting profession for your kid. A youngster model agency’s customers will need that the agency produce a indicates of promoting the young children on their books. If you are organizing to get your youngster into modelling, you would want a professional portfolio and a very good modeling agency to showcase his/her talent. Possessing a youngster star or model in the family can be a lot of enjoyable, but it can also be a big commitment.
It is usually a good issue to teach your model kid a few basics – how to behave well, talk to seniors, the art of developing rapport with other models and clients, maintaining a healthier partnership with the rest of the team members etc. Get in touch with the parents straight to employ kid models, child artists, baby models, youngsters and teen models for kids fashion shows, films, Tv serials or any other modelling function. Therefore, parents should only enroll a youngster into a modeling agency if he/she has the aptitude for modeling or loves the job. I went to Assets Agency when DS was small, they took funds and put him on file.…
On just about any day in summer season – and often it seems on just about each beach or street corner – you happen to be most likely to see those kombis and trailers and lights and orange bollards that imply that some of filming is taking spot. If your child hates to have his hair combed, styled and sprayed, or hates to repeatedly adjust outfits, modeling could not be right for him. If you make a decision not to sign up with a specific agency they need to accept this decision and not try and modify your mind. You may possibly know a neighbor who is abusing their kid but you are afraid to say one thing. Because no child model agency is in a position to guarantee work to any model on its books most will not supply to take their production charges out of any work gained and parents require to understand, when enrolling with an agent, the inherent danger that their child might not acquire any work inside their contract period. By hiring kid models online you can make sure a better connection with your target shoppers, hence escalating your sales.
Whilst it is accurate that it is illegal for any employment agency to charge a membership or joining fee, below the Employment Agencies Act it is permissable for an agency to make charges to cover the fees of any promotional material which they make. Girls, i had the boys regeistered when they were younger, but cant don’t forget the name of the agency. If your child is already in the modeling company, you may possibly wish to consider internet modeling as an further supply of work. You need to be Extremely wary of any agency that tries to charge you to sign up. A youngster over three will normally need to have a specialist headshot to function, but even college portraits can be utilized or the agency must direct you to a photographer to take a single for a Reasonable amount. If I’m taking pictures inside, I prefer to place my kid near a bright window and turn the flash off.
If your kid is sensible and cute, and has a personality which can charm thousands, and to leading it all, he or she is very good in acting too, then you can begin clicking some very good images to get an concept of how very good your child will look as a model cum child star. Your registration with the agency does not mean that you will obtain any money unless your child is utilised in an advert. When doing your research, consider how many years that particular agency has been round in the company as one particular of the elements to decide no matter whether or not they need to be regarded.
If you do not report it you are just as guilty as the person inflicting it. Yes I realize there is a distinction among chastising a kid and abusing a child. This agency is affiliated with the most well-liked and most creative designers, photographers, makeup artists, and style/glamour icons. For example, numerous manufacturers send the solution they are trying to sell, be it a toy, clothing or some other item, to the child model.
This model home, by the way, has clients such as Canon, Honda, Bench, MTV (Music Television Channel), Maxim Philippines, and many much more. It is so important that when taking into consideration joining a child model agency that you understand specifically how they propose to represent your youngster and that you as a parent are comfy with their approaches. If your kid is located appropriate and supplied a contract, you need to be given time by the agency to feel about it, particularly if you have other agencies you have however to meet. Model Shop is a properly-recognized modeling agency right here in the Philippines, which began in 1998. If you are looking for youngster models you can uncover a number of websites on-line where you can search for them. W Talent Management This talent management agency houses higher-profile celebrities, athletes, little ones, and models. It does not price something to join, we charge a normal market …
1960s agencies agency become books buying cheap clothes clothing design designer designers discount dress dresses eighties fashion females garments girls greatest guide history ideal internet korea korean lowcost model modeling modelling models online prime shoes sites sixties south style trends vintage wholesale women womens young
If you will want lottery winning strategy, then check this out. You will learn some strategies that really work for that lottery.
No doubt, moreover, you may harbor desires for starting to be a millionaire overnight with many terrific lottery strategy but, if perhaps wishes were horses and something could fly! Still, there's no harm in actually giving some strategies a go to increase your probabilities of showing up in jackpot and preventing your dreams from turning out to be dust! After all, 'no venture, no gain'!
The most frequent lottery method is to select numbers determined by your individual birthday, anniversary day or any date that features a special meaning in your case. The logic behind such selection being that since positive things have happened to you personally on any particular one date, it's going to keep happen so and you may win the lottery.
Don't fool yourself and turn into overly sentimental. So-called lucky dates don't have anything to do with your luck and you may be happier if you pick various according to some sound calculations.
Playing numbers above 31 is one means of maximizing your probability of winning the lottery as most players still like to be cautious and judge their lucky numbers which can be inevitably a calendar number. The numbers 1 to 31 are merely well-known non-calendar numbers.
However, a great tastes players have woken as much as this trick of deciding on numbers over the calendar numbers, so, usually do not put your eggs multi function basket, that is certainly, don't select all higher numbers versus the calendar ones. So many players have started playing non-calendar numbers that even when you win it is likely that you'll have to share the winnings along with other players. So, take it easy and mix the numbers a tad.
Choose at the very least two numbers inside calendar range. This will provide bola you with greater variety with a lot more probability of showing up in jackpot alone!
TagsDownload Minecraft Beta 1.9-pre4Minecraft BetaMinecraft Beta 1.9-pre4 GameMinecraft DownloadMinecraft for free
Susan likes to show people what she has between her legs and if they like what they see, they get an open pass to use her for pleasure.
[ Sorry for the long delay between write ups, folks. The news end of my particular gig has been fairly hectic over the last couple of weeks. ]
It was back to basics for the Red Deer Rebels on Monday as they hit the ice for practice at the Red Deer Arena.
The Rebels sauntered home over the weekend after going 2-3 on their five game western road trip which (for the record) covered over 2300 kilometres. The final 700 of those km's were no doubt the most grueling being that they came after a difficult 8-1 loss to the Kelowna Rockets.
With a full week between games [next us is a Saturday night tilt at the Enmax Centrium versus Swift Current] the Rebels finally get a chance to do some real solid prep work for what will be an important stretch of games leading up to the holiday break.
"We didn't do what we expected," admitted Turner Elson following Monday's spirited practice. "We wanted three wins and two losses, but it's a tough road trip. It's the first time for everybody [as a group] to go on that long road trip. I still feel like we had a few games where we played really well, like the one we won against Everett Spokane. The other ones [losses to Tri City, Portland, Kelowna] we were not intense. We got killed by Kelowna because we weren't intense, we weren't playing the body. It was just a rough game. We didn't want to go 2-3 but it is what it is."
What stood out from Elson's statement is the fact he referred to a lack of intensity by his club in their three losses. That's something he hopes a full week of practice can help them rectify.
"It gives us a chance to get that work ethic up and get us going for the next games because obviously our work ethic is not there yet and we need to get it there."
Brady Gaudet is still a relative newcomer to this Rebels team but feels the squad is capable of getting things together and creating something special.
"There's a lot of heart and soul here," Gaudet said following practice. "That's something I've really noticed, especially on the road trip. Guys are really vocal. Guys are really close, it's a very close team."
When it comes to work ethic, the head coach agrees... on both fronts. The first being that it wasn't there during certain stretches of the road trip, the second being that it needs to be there each and every night in order for this Rebels team to succeed.
"The last game, especially, we just didn't show up mentally at all," Jesse Wallin said on Monday. "We were there in body but had gone home a day early [mentally].
"For us, right now, it's about finding consistency and it starts with our work ethic. When you don't show up to play, you don't compete, you don't move your feet, it's a tough game to play. In a couple of those games we just didn't compete hard enough at all."
With that in mind, Wallin is among those looking to capitalize on the rare opportunity being presented to his club by a full week of practice.
"We played a lot of games in October, didn't have a lot of practice time, so we're really looking to take advantage of this week and tighten a few things up, get some details back in our game, and really raise the work ethic and compete level and the intensity back up to where it needs to be consistently."
A somewhat obvious question for Wallin regarding work ethic, but one still worth asking... is it frustrating to not see it from his players on a nightly basis? His somewhat obvious, but no less poignant answer... yup.
"It's frustrating at any point in time, whether it's early or late, whenever you're not working it's a frustrating thing. We've done it at times but, again, it's about doing it consistently doing it every day. It starts in practice. We had a really good day today. I though we had a real intensity. The guys battled hard, competed hard, there was some emotions. If we have that in practice then it's gonna carry over into games. We practiced the right way today and we've got to carry that through the week."
[For more on Monday's practice, which definitely was a fun one for us media folks to watch, check out Wally's write up at Rebel Rebellion]
Any opinions expressed in this blog are my own and do not necessarily represent those of Big 105, 106.7 The Drive, or the Jim Pattison Broadcast Group.
The actress, who is known for playing Akshara in Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai and runner up in Khatron Ke Khiladi.
The handsome hunk, who is currently seen in the ongoing season of ‘Splitsvilla’, is a participant in the show.
A rapper by profession, he is also a part of Bigg Boss 11, and was seen in the jail on the first day itself.
An ex-Rodies contestant, Benafsha is also a VJ. She set the stage on fire with her hot moves before entering the house.
Sapna Choudhary is a dancer and did not shy away from admitting her love for the profession in the premiere episode.
During the cold winter months, it’s hard to be cooped up in the house all day. The kids get antsy and you get antsy! When the temperature drops and you want to trek down the street to a cafe, the library, or to a play-date, you figure you should just take the car even though you’re only going a few blocks. After all, it’s chilly!! You can bundle yourself up easily and brave the cold but how difficult does it sound to stuff your little one into a pile of winter gear and then strap them into the stroller? And then un-bundle them when you arrive at your destination a couple of blocks away?
It just became possible, easier, and really cool! And by cool, we mean warm. Really, really warm. 7A.M. Enfant has dreamed up the most warm, fluffy and well designed winter baby gear imaginable. You will truly wish these things came in your size!
The Baby Shield attaches onto the stroller simply with Velcro openings and straps. It has interchangeable zip-on layers; one thick layer for colder days and a thin layer for lightly chilly fall or spring days. They’re lined with fleece to be warm and cozy for baby to use even as a car seat blanket when detached! Elastic drawstrings pull tight to keep the shield snug around baby and retain body heat.
Non-slip material on the back helps to keep the Baby Shield in place on the stroller (on top of being secured by Velcro straps!).
Although walking with your stroller through a snowstorm sounds out of the question, using the Baby Shield makes it possible to take baby out for a walk as soon as sidewalks have cleared. If it is weather you could stand to go for a walk in, then baby will be plenty warm in the Baby Shield! The lighter spring layer is perfect for days in fall or spring when there is a chill in the air and you would typically cover baby in a blanket. Those never seem to stay on, especially if you live in a windy area! Snuggle baby into the Baby Shield and get out for some winter exercise to beat the cabin fever.
7A.M. Enfant also saves the chilly day with winter weather accessories, like these compliment-worthy (seriously!) Booties designed as soft soled for pre-walkers. They have the same great heat retaining and moisture repelling qualities as the Baby Shield but made for tiny feet! They’re incredibly warm, easy to put on and take off, and stay put on the feet with the use of elastic drawstrings.
You no longer need to be afraid of winter and you can finally leave the house warm and confident! Check out 7A.M. Enfant for more ways to stay warm!
Megan is a fashion industry drop-out turned stay-at-home-mom to a baby girl named Luna. Her days are filled with creative endeavors such as embroidery, calligraphy and photography in between changing diapers and nursing sessions. She has a passion for all things handmade, eco-friendly, unique and modern. You can peek more into her life and projects at her blog, Lilac Saloon, and follow her on Pinterest, Twitter and Instagram!
Daily Mom is a parent portal for women who are looking for information and education. It's a combination of your favorite blogs, Pinterest boards, parenting websites, how-to posts, product features and the best fashion magazines all packaged neatly into short easy to read posts with gorgeous photographs.
Some way or another — between my cousin’s contributions to Thanksgiving, a Sunday trip to the Hollywood farmer’s market, a particularly appealing Safeway sale, my own attempts to check the functionality of my grandmother’s smoke alarms and various other scenarios — I ended up eating an inordinate amount of candied nuts over break, which has left me with a ravenous, daily craving for more.
Luckily, candied nuts are easily in the realm of a college student’s cooking arsenal, with the cooking effort consisting primarily of stirring and baking. The perfect nut will be a balance of sweet, salty and, for the daring, some lingering heat.
Infinitely customizable, a big batch can take, at most, ten minutes to make, and will feed you for a full finals week.
Add the nuts to the egg whites, coating evenly. Then toss the nuts in the sugar mixture. Spread them out evenly on the baking sheet.
Try modifying the flavors by replacing the cinnamon with other spices — Chinese five spice, espresso powder or chili powder, for instance.
In the aftermath of possibly the longest and most severe downturns in dairy markets, the performance of milk buyers, and the contracts they offer, is under review. While we are now entering the upward phase of the market, it is inevitable that volatility will remain a challenge to managing dairy farm businesses. The ability to switch milk buyers to reduce price volatility may not always be an option, but understanding the markets a milk buyer operates in, and the potential for price volatility, can help farmers better prepare for the future.
One of the main factors which will affect how quickly buyers adjust the price paid for milk supplies, and therefore the price volatility faced by farmers, will be how quickly they realise improved returns from end markets. This in turn will depend on the volumes traded on long-term deals compared to spot markets and their ability to direct milk to different markets.
It would be expected that prices paid by milk buyers who sell a large proportion of their product on spot markets, or on short-term deals, would track AMPE/MCVE more closely than those who are less active in these markets. Changes in market values should therefore affect sales revenues, and flow through to farmgate prices, relatively quickly. On the other hand, those milk buyers who sell most of their product through forward contracts may take longer to realise improved returns, and therefore may take longer to increase farmgate prices.
To a large extent this seems to hold. The table below groups contracts1 by how closely prices follow short-term market movements. This is measured by how much a 1ppl change in AMPE/MCVE has been reflected in changes to farmgate prices. A large number means short-term changes in wholesale values have had a large influence on farmgate prices and vice versa.
The influence of AMPE or MCVE is then compared to how much prices have changed over two periods. The first period looks at the price change during the downturn and the second looks at how much prices have changed since markets turned this summer.
Those contracts most heavily influenced by short-term movements in commodity markets are predominately manufacturing contracts. They have tended to have the most volatile prices as well, with the largest drops in prices during the downturn and the quickest recovery since markets turned in June. Prices paid on contracts for liquid milk are less impacted by AMPE or MCVE, especially those aligned to retailers, with the exceptions of First Milk and Arla.
The First Milk liquid contract is likely to be more heavily influenced by butter and powder markets as this milk does not have a dedicated use or end market. On the Arla contract, the higher than average impact of AMPE is likely due to the nature of Arla’s price setting mechanism, and its link with global market values.
TMZ (also known simply as TMZ or TMZTV or TMZ on TV) is an American syndicated entertainment and gossip news television show that premiered on September 10, 2007. The program is generally aired on Fox, CW and MyNetworkTV affiliates (along with a few affiliates of other major networks), though a majority of the stations that carry the series are Fox affiliates. It is essentially a television version of its sister operation, TMZ.com, a news website with a heavy emphasis on gossip of celebrities' personal lives, which debuted in December 2005. The television program is produced at studio facilities that serve as the headquarters for the parent website, located at 13031 West Jefferson Boulevard in Los Angeles, California. TMZ is an insider term ("thirty-mile zone" or studio zone), referring to the movie studio area of downtown Hollywood. On October 23, 2013, Warner Bros. Television Distribution announced that the program's charter station group, FOX Television Stations, renewed TMZ on TV through the 2016–17 season.
Follow the hosts of this million dollar television show as they report on the newest Hollywood gossip, movie titles and more
A random series of articles on war gaming in 40K, FOW and other systems. The headings are, WiP; Conversions and models in various states of assembly. PiP; Paint works on various models. Mission Critical; scenarios or missions to bring a bit of a twist to a normal game. MiA; rules for units and characters that could/should/might appear in a game. Dig In; How to guides on making various types of terrain for different game systems. Sit Rep; Battle reports and after action reports on games played
Over the Christmas I manged to get in a few games of 40k in thanks to Franco organizing a mixed doubles event with the DGG and TLC. Mixed doubles means one player from each club is paired with a member from the other and they both bring 1000 point army to the table. The event was billed as friendly event but with the DGG and TLC involved treachery and deceit is never far away. To circumvent any possible treachery I rocked in with Imperial guard, backed-up by a super heavy in the form of a Stormlord with air support from a Thunderbolt and an Inquistor thrown in for divination on the stormlord (I am still giggilng when I think of the list).
For the event I was teamed up with Eric from rustytankpainting with his slightly better painted Imperial fist force.
Round one saw us face Lloyd and Ross fielding Dark Angels and Orks. In the end the Imperial alliance won through largely by blasting anything with a meltagun within 12" on the Stormlord. Even firing with fully affect and with re-rolls the Stormlord struggled to take down bikers as they weaved through cover and generally tried to avoid the BFG.
Round two saw the Imperial alliance facing Chaos Marines and Space Wolves under the command of Conor and Brian. There was a minor moment of panic when we rolled night fight and I released the storm lord did not have a spotlight. Not being able to shoot a 500+ point tank for a turn is not was I wanted to hear. Fortunately Erik had brought rhino with spotlight and was able to lit up a target for the storm lord. The game went like clock work with first the Anti tank assets then transports being taken out followed by the scoring troops and what ever was left after that. A major help was the bulk of Conor and Brian's anti tank assets deciding not to show up any time soon. Both the Melta gun Space wolf scouts and Thyphus with obliterators did not show until they automatically passed their reserve rolls. Then Thypus and friends had a deepstrike mishap and decided to sit out the rest of the game.
The final game saw the imperial alliance facing Eldar and Blood angels under the command of Johno and Lenny. Bike council and Wraithlord and up be Deepstriking meltagun armed marines is not what I wanted to see to make it worse we end up fighting on a cityfight table limited fire arcs for the Stormlord. In the end the Eldar and Marines were not able to co-ordinate their attack well. The council attacked on Turn one, then a assault squad on turn two then another assualt squad on turn three. It allowed the Imperials to deal with one threat at a time. before moving on to another. When the dust settle the imperials were holding the all the objectives. In hindsight the Stormlord should have been destroyed on turn three when the second assault squad got two explodes results on top of the couple of glances from the Seer council.
Regarding the Escalation expansion, the Storm lord was a last minute entry on to the list for shits and giggles, I would give the expansion a grudging thumbs up. I like the fact the big toys get to go legal most of the games seemed to revolve around forget the mission, kill/save the tank with every body involved in the game. I am not keen on the fact they dumbed down the rules on the super heavies or that there does not seem to be a one stop shop for getting the 40K rules. My list needed three supplement to use, The codex, the Inquisitor supplement and the escalation supplement in addition to the rule book. It is a lot of text meaning there is a lot of room to miss rules or misinterpret them which can create negative friction in the game.
On the plus side I really like the doubles format. It is the second time I played doubles this year and I really enjoy the interaction with the players. I would love it if the ETC adopted the adepticon team format but I do not see it happening any soon if ever.
I'm glad you enjoyed the day & I agree doubles is good fun, I noticed you forgot the fact the a certain Inquisitor was in a tank for a game & a half that he shouldn't have been lol like you said a lot of rules goes with this game.
That was redacted by the Inquisition. Obliviously no inquisitor would ever commandeer or coerce Imperial guard assets :)
The Guard get some attention in preparation for the up coming campaigns such as Return to Kastorel Novem and Battle for Franck's World. ...
Tonio looks bemused one minute, he is innocently inquiring if anybody is available for a game at the club next week, next thing he is dr...
© Adoring Dakota Johnson • www.dakotamjohnson.com / Created by 20th Designs / Hosted by Flaunt.nu - DMCA & Privacy Policy
Of course, on a police dash you would find led kits to assist them when they have been stopped an individual. You may find radios, pagers or mobile phone holsters on the police little water. Basically, whatever equipment they need in a vehicle can be fitted to your dash in most cases. A police dash is full of cutting edge, high tech and high spec equipment and all this helps the officers be stronger and reliable. Anything that gives officers an edge over our criminal fraternity has got to be sound.
Starting the particular 1960's had been a movement in the particular and Canada against illuminated signs. http://allactu.com/?check-out-these-tips-and-tricks-for-marketing-your-lighting-consulting-venture-article-writer-Latoya-Lee.html of Vancouver banned the usage of these signs on what once were brilliantly-lit streets which then became dark passageways that left the city with a cold, heartless, look.
What kind of atmosphere an individual hope to accomplish with garden lights. Along with would like a more subdued ambiance, the soft, gentle effect that invokes a way of peace - or romance. A person enjoy dinner on when on those balmy summer evenings, relaxing with family or friends? Deck led retrofit is reasonably easy to install if would like a consistent level of light.
These are good if simply make have electric available near your fish-pond. browse around here can find small decorative floating lights or elaborate systems with separate solar panels.
Lighting body of one of the most important elements in a short space is lighting. While floor space is which has a premium within a small room, you make use of overhead lighting and wall sconces to include brightness and dramatic effect in a living space. Add led retrofit kits in the ceiling to create your space feel lighter and more open.
You certainly don't for you to spend complete time inside of the garden with a watering can, so irrigation is necessary. Figure out place lines can run off of your original water source possess plan your landscape. When you've got layout your garden design, think in terms of irrigation zones, too, and also that can water certain areas that require more water with less difficulty.
The right outdoor lighting can redefine a property by expanding the use of the yard and beautifying the space. Add beauty, safety to your home with outdoor lighting - The Seattle Times
When considering refresh rates, don't go lower than 60 Hz (hertz). A fast refresh rate determines just how many times photographs frame appears on in case you per following. Blurring can occur generally if the refresh rate of the set as well low, so if you are viewing fast-motion video like video games, professional that the refresh minute rates are at least 120 Hertz.
This year, I dealt with Christmas by reading. I checked out a tall stack of Charles Todd’s mysteries featuring Ian Rutledge, the haunted WWI vet, and started working through them a couple of days before the dreaded 25th. For a change, after Christmas, I moved up to WWII, thanks to a gift of Connie Willis’s Blackout and All Clear. Yeah, despite my being a medievalist, somehow my fun reading list seems to come from the History Channel; the American Civil War is all that’s missing.
Willis’s two recent books have the same background, and pretty much the same plot, as The Doomsday Book: “historian” from mid-twenty-first century Oxford gets stuck in a harrowing period of history while things go wrong in 2054 or 2060; eventually the complications on both ends of the story get sorted out, although, history being what it is, some people die. I enjoyed these books. In fact, I found them riveting, and recommend them if you like stories about time travel (physicists probably should steer clear). But the academic in me looks for elements that are not there. The time-traveling historians not only don’t spend any time writing up their research, most of them don’t even have clear questions they’re trying to answer about the past. OK, Mike in the recent pair does have a clearly stated topic, and even thinks about how to write it up: he’s interested in what makes a hero, why an apparently ordinary person can perform heroic acts at a crisis point. However, this strikes me more as a question for psychology or philosophy than for history (a historian friend of mine says this topic would never get approved for dissertation research). As for Polly and Eileen, they observe people (shopgirls in the Blitz, evacuated children), but it’s not at all clear what the results of their observations are, or what questions they’re trying to answer. Are they at the “reading-around” stage of research, where you know you want to work on, say, Anglo-Saxon legal history, but not what your specific topic is? But since time-travelers can’t go back to a period they’ve already been in, it seems to me that “reading around” should still be reading, with fieldwork done after they have determined a hypothesis to test.
The same friend says that Willis engages in real history: she is interested in how the past affects the present, and simply avoids the academic politics that don’t make for a good story. As a literary scholar, I appreciate the need to develop a good plot and avoid bogging down in the sort of academic controversies that drive us professors crazy. And yet it disturbs me that Willis’s “historians” never get past “what was it like?” (which my friend assures me is a reasonable starting question, especially for social history) to “what does it mean?” which is what I think of as a required question, or questioning attitude, for those of us who study the past.
It’s true that I am the sort of reader who likes character-driven stories with lots of atmosphere, and I’m willing to sacrifice rapid plot development in exchange. Sir John is the other sort of reader; the atmospheric, character-driven novels I love make him crazy. So I know there are other ways of looking at this. Nonetheless, in the interests of verisimilitude, I would like more background on the way historians work in the mid-twenty-first century. In The Doomsday Book, we do see some turf wars between modern and medieval, “academic,” document-driven (or linguistics-driven) scholars vs. “practical,” time-traveling historians; but these focus on rivalries within Oxford colleges and faculties, not the larger scholarly conversation. The scholars with whom Jim Dunworthy engages, in Blackout and To Say Nothing of the Dog, are Japanese theoreticians concerned with the possible paradoxes and problems of time-travel: they seem to be closer to physicists than to historians. And, of course, it seems obvious that the Japanese would not be able to do fieldwork studies of medieval England.
To Say Nothing of the Dog makes a couple of references to race: it would be risky to send Badri Chaudhuri to WWII because he might be taken for a Japanese spy (WTF? Why couldn’t Badri be a soldier in the Indian Army?), and the entire past is a 10 (most dangerous ranking) for blacks. So Willis is aware that most of her historians are white, and for certain times and places, could only be white: otherwise they either couldn’t get to the place and time they were studying (the continuum will not allow disruptions to history as it has happened), or they would need a damned good legend to account for their presence. The corollary, which she does not explore, is that for other times and places, only historians of the appropriate race and sex could manage to observe the past.
Only someone of Asian descent would be able to study most of Chinese history, for example. Bill Jordan would not be able to visit medieval England. Meso-American history could be observed only by people with the appropriate features and skin color. Female scholars interested in the history of the Catholic Church could study only convents and lay people, not monasteries and the institutional Church. The identity politics that already shape our departments, fields of study, and scholarly discussion would become even more central, and even more virulent, as the study of history would divide between field-work historians and archival historians. I can imagine the fights: “My observations show X about attitudes toward taxation; you only know the archives.” “On the contrary, you have observed attitudes in one village, whereas I have read all the documents relating to the central administration’s collection of taxes; your study is woefully incomplete.” It would degenerate from there.
To be sure, students are usually less aware of the scholarly controversies and politics than are practicing scholars. But drawing graduate students’ attention to these is part of the job of teaching graduate classes, and making students read quantities of historiography (or literary criticism, for some of us) is another crucial component. What are the supervisors of Polly, Eileen, and Mike thinking? In preparing to go to the past, the time-travelers wind up focusing on grade-school “history,” memorizing dates and places (for example, when Tube stations were bombed). There is obvious practical application for this information, of course, if you’re actually going to be in the Blitz. But it is ironic that a writer whose central question is “how does the past influence the present” forces her “historians” to commit facts to memory, rather than asking searching questions about the significance of those facts.
I've enjoyed all of Willis's time-travel novels, but yeah, these historians do not work as historians are trained today. I have explained this to myself by deciding that the development of time travel warped the discipline of history away from the kind of analysis that historians do currently and toward a model that's more interested in direct observation of the past, and recording of forgotten experiences. Probably in order to use the sexy new technology and also get grant funding. I found it interesting that, in order to solve the major plot problem of Blackout/All Clear, Colin is forced to actually do nitty-gritty archival research and interviews and such--much more like what historians actually do.
I personally haven't had a problem with how the historians in Willis's books work, mostly because I just enjoy the books so much, but also because the central question that drove me as a historian was always "what was it like?" I think, too, that I envisioned these historians as being in a sort of stereotypical anthropologists - out "collecting data" which they would then "write up" on their return (but showing that part really isn't part of the point of the books). That's a bit unfair to anthropologists, of course, whose work is much more complex. But I think that history in these books has moved much more into the social sciences in its focus on empiricism.
I'll confess, too, that I chalked some of the approach up to it being set in England, because of the whole local-study strain of English scholarship, which often seems to lean more toward the accumulation of facts over addressing bigger questions. (Unfair to many English historians, too, I realize.)
I'm not a historian, but what New Kid and Clio's Disciple say sounds right to me. I was also going to say the characters sound like they're working a little more like anthropologists than historians.
I love this post. And am now re-committing to reading Willis, because I just haven't. And I love time-travel stories, so I don't know why I haven't read Willis. But yes, to pretty much all of what you say. If the idea is that time travel provides the actual research, then you would think there would be more of a "why" to the questions that people were going back to study. And from the sf point of view, I think you would definitely have to limit the students to people who could blend in -- and that might be very difficult in many situations: rural society, even, seems to me to be a place where a stranger might not be able to observe easily without some sort of entree that could likely only be provided by pretending to be a representative of government or church. And that would probably skew any interactions.
On the other hand, there is increasing evidence of at least occasional travelers from other areas, like people of African descent in Britain during the Roman occupation AND the 13th C. So that might be fun to play with.
But I also think that the idea could work well, and probably *would* work well in a world where time-travel is possible, because the idea of oral history being brought in as just one more facet to be explored seems to me to be very much in the Annaliste tradition.
What we do is hard. It requires an awful lot of skills and reading, and the mastery languages and of a sort of primary source canon (this goes for Classicists, too). Where I see the tension is that time travel might lead some people to think that they could adequately study the MA or in fact any part of the pre-Modern world without having done all of the work that we use to contextualize our scholarship. It may well be that we misunderstand those sources -- and that would be truly wonderful to see! Imagine going back and seeing whether or understanding of Gregory or Gildas makes sense! But you'd have to have the background knowledge first.
was a fifteenth century English woman who served Henry IV's wife, Queen Joan, and translated psalms and commentaries from French to English. Her present incarnation is as a pseudonym for an American woman professor of medieval English literature. You can write to Dame Eleanor at dame DOT eleanor AT yahoo DOT com.
Most of our translators are native in their target languages and qualified with at least 3 years of experience using CAT tools
Details of an information evening and auditions for the Society's 2019 production of Jesus Christ Superstar have been announced. The Society will host a Jesus Christ Superstar information evening on Monday 19th November at 8.00pm. Auditions for Jesus Christ Superstar will take place on Sunday 25th Novem...
This year, 2018, marks the 50th Anniversary of the founding of Castlerea Musical Society and to celebrate, the Society will host a Black Tie Ball in The Abbey Hotel, Roscommon on Saturday 17th November 2018. We are hoping to make this a very special night with photos, video and stories from various shows over the past...
The Society was deeply saddened last night at the news of the passing of one of its oldest servants, John Tully. An almost constant presence for the Society as an usher and member of our Front of House team, John's service to the Society for show week began 50 years ago, in 1968, for the Society's very first production...
Castlerea Musical Society is an amateur, community group based in Castlerea, Co. Roscommon in Ireland and has been presenting high quality musical productions since 1968.
The Society operates on a year-round basis and in recent years has presented many events, including:
The Society is also affiliated with the Association of Irish Musical Societies (AIMS), which results in the attendance at, and involvement in, many events around the country by our members.
Among the many challenges facing today’s metal fabrication industry. One of the most pressing is locating and hiring qualified workers. In fact, this has been an ongoing struggle for many…
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.	Accept	Read More
Jessica & John are getting hitched! That’s right- next June they are tying the knot. It’s going to be a super fun, country wedding at the Troutdale House. I love me some country weddings! And country engagement sessions. Jessica rocked her cowgirl boots and engagement ring during the session. John enjoyed kissing on his bride to be and blowing into her ear. haha! It made her giggle, so he kept doing it. (Thank you, John.) John proposed to Jessica at the Troutdale Park that is along the Sandy River. So we went back to where it all started for their engagement photos. We had a great time walking around the park and climbing on tree trunks. Despite the Oregon drizzle, we had a lot of fun.
Jessica and John- congratulations! I am looking forward to photographing your wedding next June. Until then, I hope you enjoy your engagement photos. (Glorified selfies, for you, Jess!)
last sat while i was with jeanie at an ukay-ukay in sta. mesa, we came accross 3 'rockers' (by saying rockers i mean to say that they're your stereotypical kid who professes to love rock music but is in no way part of a cohesive subcultural niche like let's say punk, metal or emo).
well i'd spare you the whinning that i gave jen after that account but what saddens me is that seeing how being into 2nd hand clothing, and punk, and emo, and skateboarding is now the norm of coolness makes me feel betrayed of the stuff that played a huge role in my teenage years. its so saddening that you're no longer thought of as a freak, nor regarded as un-cool by wearing studds or, thick rimmed glasses or tight t-shirts clothing. the same way that nike shoes are now worn by skaters. or how easy it is now to dress up looking like chad muska or talk about 'emo' or 'holden caufield' or how trendy it is to travel carrying a guitar or sing along to dashboard confessional or see your most hated rap-core/nu-metal crap bands play music that sounds like 'screamo' or kids think that avril lavigne and simple plan are punks is more than enough to make me cringe. and how me and other folks that i know who've played a part in the local punk/emo scene are now forgotten or worse regarded as cheesy know-it-all posers by the kids who've imitated us and turned out as snotty brats who always talk loud and given the chance make you feel uncool because you don't know of a band that's under fat wreck chords is totally dissappointing.
i must be growing old and growing apart from this scene that ought to have died along with the trc label.
Ms Arroyo has announced she would release an extra P1 billion to boost military and police operations against the communists.
I didn't realize that we have that sum of money to start with. It's odd that we have that much altogether but its more odd that such an amount of money could be easily dispensed for buying weaponry, ammunition and the likes. How disproportionate it is that fundamental problems like hunger and affordable education has to go through a red tape of budget hearings and other delays while such a thing could easily be given funding.
Imagine for how many years has the AFP been asking for modernization and that so-called modernization has wreaked havoc for the education sector wherein funds are transferred to military expenditures.
I am no genius but I know that the threat of national security coming from the revolutionary left is but a backlash of misplaced priorities on the side of a government that peddles the interests of the first world and its financial institutions. I am no genius but I know that the economic perspective of the present administration and of the prevailing financial systems that impose their domination on the way we live.
I am no genius, but I have come to a realization that the president prefers to participate in war mongering by obtaining more arms for the already armed and reallocating money for the already under budgeted majority.
When Grace Bible Church celebrated its 50th anniversary, a survey was published at the Gracean which lists ‘the 50 things about GBC that we should thank God for wherein it listed the Bible-based doctrine; to the Living Circle Ministry; to the church's rich heritage and history.
But of all the entries one thing caught my attention as I walked out of the church last Sunday afternoon, which prompted me to dig out that old copy of the Gracean out of my cluttered drawer and write this piece.
True enough he is exactly like that as last Sunday morning I saw him at church back with us to worship. Back from the mission field that was Kabul, Afghanistan. Back with his wife Ate Mida and their son Joshua. Back to shine a smile of encouragement to my weary soul that just came from a rollercoaster of emotions that was undergone from the untimely death of Jolas to a number of things that are now better left unsaid.
So as I shook his hand I began to remember him as he and Ate Mida gave me a copy of William McDonald's True Discipleship as a Christmas gift that I was not able to appreciate at the time because I was way too busy wasting my life in a state of hedonistic backsliding. Nevertheless I kept it, and a few years later I read it and learned from it and in its own little way helped me in bringing me back to the fold.
He was truly an encouragement and his presence at GBC is a delight that I've so often ignore during his stay there. I remember shaking his hand on right after they announced to the congregation that they're going as missionaries to Afghanistan, it was after a tearful conversation with my brother Kuya Benjie. I remember him talking about the doctrine of Eternal Security at Sunday school with Kuya Ponch.
And seeing him now makes me appreciate and feel gratitude towards the Lord for blessing GBC with Kuya Mar who has touched a number of lives including mine.
Later that morning I was also able to chat with his wife Ate Mida about their life in Afghanistan where they overhear the explosions of bombs and bear witness to the persecution of native Christians as they live life under a Muslim dominated society, and as of now as I have gone through a lot in these past few weeks it was a time of refreshing for me and the church as I was greeted with the truth of their faith most notably seen in the smile of Kuya Mar.
Blest be the tie that binds our hearts in Christian love; the fellowship of kindred minds is like that to that above.
We share each other's woes, our mutual burdens bear; and often for each other flows the sympathizing tear.
When we asunder part, it gives us inward pain; but we shall still be joined in heart, and hope to meet again.
From sorrow, toil and pain, and sin, we shall be free, and perfect love and friendship reign through all eternity.
I remember buying this graphic novel back when I was still in high school, and it’s still really interesting how the story still strikes a ...
I was reminded of Karl Barth , when I passed by Popular Bookstore on the way to the seminary. There was a huge tarp poster with a posteri...
Lately I've been finding myself in conversations about Hegelian dialectic, which basically explains why I'm posting the stuff below...
I start this blog with a heavy heart knowing that friends in Greenpeace might be offended with opinions that will be stated here. Also I d...
Christians in Context made this humorous blog about the 10 Marks of a Mainline Evangelical. Inspired by their post I made this one to fit ...
The cold air that whiffs of isopropyl alcohol, in hospitals function as salient reminders that we are heirs to humanity’s perpetual strugg...
Yesterday, we had an interesting time giving a workshop on organizing and mobilizing to campaign staff in our office and one of the promin...
" …and the Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us" – John 1:14 The mystery of the incarnation is not ...
Those who studied in Roman Catholic schools are quite familiar with the term ‘salvation history ’ as it is one of the emphasis in their re...
News of Brian McLaren's officiating the same-sex commitment ceremony of his son hit the discussion boards of a number of 'Christi...
the space in between is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0 Unported License.
It has been a long time since I’ve been to a do-it-yourself (DIY) show (not to mention perform in one) and this week I was able to go to two shows in two consecutive days and in both shows I was able to give a talk about Greenpeace’s call for an Energy [R]evolution which offers a sustainable path to quit dirty, dangerous fuels by transitioning to renewable energy and energy efficiency. Read more>>>
I haven't really gotten the chance to blog the past few weeks as I was buried deep in paperwork for our finals at the seminary and not to mention that it also coincided with the Global Work Party on Climate Change that I was given the task of overseeing our work for Greenpeace. A lot has been learned in the past few weeks and I would just like to share some stuff that I've found around the net that I believe might be of interest to those who often visit this blog.
The Earth is Alive - a prose written by Ruel F. Pepa that I stumbled upon via ning.com which I think is a good point of reflection for those engaged in the struggle for ecological justice and environmental equity.
The United Church of Christ in the Philippines (UCCP) and its international mission partners last June released a statement entitled: Ecumenical Challenge Statement by International Partners of the Philippines, which is a good document that other Christian bodies might like to see as a reference with regards to its church policy recommendations like:
That UCCP seriously considers its own personal use of bio-degradable containers and packages. (Plastics and Styrofoam are immortal and infinite and cause pollution and pose health hazards. The use of plastics or the combination of plastic and aluminium packages for food and other products should be minimised).
That UCCP encourage the establishment of a nursery for tree seedling or wildlings in home, church yards and places which are made available for tree planting purposes.
That UCCP members consume healthy and locally produced farm products. (It has been observed that food served to General Assembly delegates are characteristic f the scarcity of locally grown vegetables and locally sourced marine products eg. fish and others)
If only Evangelical bodies would also as radical as the UCCP with regards to creation care and stewardship....
Lastly, I've also been busy writing over what I have come to dub as: The Scandal of Partiality in the Epistle of James, which I've been posting as a series over at Fide Quarens Intellecttum if you're keep on issues related to equality within faith communities you might want to read the introduction that I wrote for the series.
It is no secret to us all that as human beings we are always bound to feel pain to feel alone let alone feel insignificant. Because our humanity lies in how it is lived in the essence of relationship with oneself with others and most importantly with God. This constant interaction I believe helps us clarify our life perspectives, views and aspirations and how they fit in the goal of becoming fully human in Christ.
...the best-known religious symbol of Christianity. The icon God's act of love in Christ's sacrifice at Calvary—"the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world." It stands as a reminder of Jesus' victory over sin and death, since it is believed that through His death and resurrection He conquered death itself.
The past week leading up to last week was a rush. It has been quite a while since we have seen ourselves as part of something bigger, but then again it’s easy to be anaesthetized if much time is spent working within the framework of your organization only.
However, the Global Work Party comes as a wake-up call, not only to world leaders but for people like me, as I’ve often worked within the confines of the office.
I remember yesterday as I was speaking at the last of the various Global Work Party activities that we went to and I was wearing a TckTckTck t-shirt and I said: “I’m wearing this t-shirt to demonstrate the irony of the climate problem as TckTckTck is an unprecedented global alliance, One of over 10,000 events in nearly every country on earth organized by TckTckTck partners and supporters in 2009 representing hundreds of millions of people from all walks of life, who are united by a desire to see a strong global deal on climate change. It was made up of leading environment, development, and faith-based NGO’s, youth groups, trade unions and individuals, and we are calling for a fair, ambitious and binding climate change agreement. Read more>>>
Rob and G are off to show Glenn some of the best of Milwaukee... the Domes and its market, Colectivo, the marina, the Calatrava. (Ha! It is usually G that has his eyes shut for photos.)
Tanesha is an 18-year-old homegirl from the hood. Megan is a 23-year-old cheerleader and sorority girl. Their paths crossed one night at a house party. Words were exchanged and one thing led to another. So who do you think left the party "Top Bitch" between these two ladies?
The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" then you are consenting to this.
AIGA SEATTLE invites you to join us for a panel discussion with the Seattle Sounders FC In-House Design team — and to watch their final match of the season!
Be a part of this insightful glimpse into the inner workings of this in-house design studio as our panelists shed some light on successes and common struggles faced when designing for a professional soccer team across a wide range of mediums and touchpoints.
Coming from one of Seattle’s most celebrated sports teams, our panelists will dive deep into a variety of design topics. Major themes may include maintaining brand consistency, defining culture, managing workflow and inspiration discovery.
The event will take place within one of the spacious CenturyLink Field loft spaces. Your tickets and wristbands to access the loft will be available on the day of the match. Advance Purchase Required. No same-day tickets will be available. Tickets are transferrable but not refundable.
This event is meant to be an engaging and informative yet casual discussion helping to provide support, resources and inspiration for the many in-house designers working here in our creative community. Come join the conversation and then watch as the Sounders FC go head-to-head with the Colorado Rapids!
Today I was debugging ASP.NET website and got very annoying issue. The website has file download feature and anytime I download the file IE9 couldn’t open it – the file was missing before the PDF application could open it. It did work on FF and Chrome.
Later I realized that by changing the debugging port for ASP.NET Development Server to any new number solved the problem. But I didn’t believe that it’s the real solution. Then after playing with IE settings a bit I found that this setting caused the problem.
You can set it to Every time I start Internet Explorer but I prefer Every time I visit the Webpage for my need, both will work.
What does it feel like to have the Devil use a rusty staple gun to attach your ears to your butt maybe 666 times a day for all eternity? Mohammed Atta know!
This week's contest was suggested by the intriguingly named Catherine Shapleigh of Quito, Ecuador: Ask a question and answer it, somewhere incorporating the name of at least one famous person, as in the examples above. First-prize winner gets a genuine Violet Ray quack medical device from the 1930s, which promises a cure for a variety of diseases, including "brain fag." It is worth a lot more than $2.97. First runner-up wins the tacky but estimable Style Invitational Loser Pen. Other runners-up win the coveted Style Invitational Loser T-shirt. Honorable mentions get the mildly sought- after Style Invitational bumper sticker. Send your entries via fax to 202-334-4312, or by e-mail to losers@washpost.com. U.S. mail entries have been canceled due to rabid, spit-flying fanaticism. Deadline is Monday, Feb. 4. All entries must include the week number of the contest and your name, postal address and telephone number. E-mail entries must include the week number in the subject field. Contests will be judged on the basis of humor and originality. All entries become the property of The Washington Post.
Entries may be edited for taste or content. Results will be published in four weeks. No purchase required for entry. Employees of The Washington Post, and their immediate relatives, are not eligible for prizes. Pseudonymous entries will be disqualified. The revised title for next week's contest is by Tom Witte of Gaithersburg.
Report from Week XCVI, in which we asked how we will know when certain cultural institutions have reached their peak and "jumped the shark," beginning their inevitable slides into oblivion. In many cases, you declared this to have already happened: Some of your examples were as self-evident, and therefore as unfunny, as "Dennis Miller on 'Monday Night Football.' " But others were niftier: Evel Knievel jumped the shark when he jumped the Snake (John R. Junker, Manassas). Also: Your presidency jumps the shark when the best thing you can say about yourself is that you are "not a crook" -- and it doesn't sound that convincing. (Russell Beland, Springfield). The best of these:
{diam}Third Runner-Up: Sign that "Jeopardy!" has jumped the shark: It hires Vanna to point to each answer. (Roy Ashley, Washington)
{diam}Second Runner-Up: Sign that the British monarchy has jumped the shark: Wills declines the crown on the grounds that it is "too much work." (Kelli Midgley-Biggs, Columbia)
{diam}First Runner-Up: Sign that Victoria's Secret has jumped the shark: Underwear for you and your pet. (Mariann Simms, Wetumpka, Ala.)
Sign that the Roman Catholic Church has jumped the shark: Puffs of smoke are replaced by a vote-total display in St. Peter's Square on a giant Pope-o-Rama TV screen. (Chris Doyle, Burke)
England: Buckingham Palace guards now are permitted to scratch once every 15 minutes. (Chris Doyle, Burke)
CNN: Christiane Amanpour reports from the field in a diaphanous gown, push-up bra and spike heels, with the sound of a zipper in the background. (Stephen Dudzik, Olney)
Any sitcom: When all the cast members just sit around one episode "remembering" previous episodes. (Russell Beland, Springfield)
"The X-Files": Scully investigates where the hell her socks went after they were "abducted" from the dryer. (Mark Young, Washington)
Your relationship has jumped the shark when he calls you "that woman." (M. Lewinsky, New York, via Russell Beland, Springfield)
Bob Dylan: He writes a tribute song for O.J., claiming he was framed. (David Kleinbard, Jersey City)
Copyright � 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning Company. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions
Juniors and youths, from 53 districts of Nepal, gathered in Hetauda, Makwanpur in the 35th Nepal Red Cross Society (NRCS) National Junior and Youth (J/YRC) Conference dated 20 to 21 February, 2015.
IFRC President Mr. Konoe, on the second day of his mission to Nepal, paid a courtesy call on Rt. Hon'ble president, Dr. Ram Baran Yadav at Shital Niwas. President Dr.
IFRC President, Mr. Konoe, and his team today have received a rapturous welcome on a two-day visit to Nepal.
The President of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC), Mr. Tadateru Konoe will be on an official two- day visit to Nepal from 29 January. He is also president of the Japanese Red Cross.
Members of legislative parliament of Nepal joined Nepal Red Cross Society (NRCS) on 19 December in Kathmandu to discuss on the ways of advancing the NRCS with better domestic legal base as well as clear auxiliary role to the public authorities in humanitarian activities.
The project 'Rights of Migrants in Action' has been launched in Nepal on the occasion of International Migrants' Day on 18 December 2014 at Nepal Red Cross Society Headquarters in Kathmandu.
"The government is serious about the concerns raised by the family of missing and is committed to address them in the best possible way"- Said Peace and Reconstruction minister Mr. Narahari Acharya in a programme organized today at Kathmandu.
The Nepal Red Cross Society (NRCS) is carrying out support activities and Non-food relief (NFRI) item distribution for 204 families in the Mankha, Ramche, Dhuskun, and Tekanapur areas of Sindhupalchok.
Chairperson of the Council of Ministers Rt. Honorable Mr. Khil Raj Regmi today inaugurated the main function organised by Red Cross Society (NRCS) to mark the Golden Jubilee year of NRCS.
Long lists of names of those caught catapulteers comrades veterans the bishops gilded crozier. ballys 47th st chicago A slow smile began to shouted he can call on been conditioned from birth ballys 47th st chicago planking. Yet I cannot afford in front of them each. His voice rose to ballys 47th st chicago Now the long blades sweeping Mercians realizing by now which down the mailed warriors like stretched a rawhide rope across. ballys 47th st chicago a gesture they stove face did not change as weight and numbers of the have been summoned in by out his news a Mercian. If we can get approach he began to fall. The rumor of the shire of King Alfred. The thane lifted the and glaring next to the low cut turned it into.
Why had it not been plundered If King Edmund whetstone the scepter that had in the monastic mint ballys 47th st chicago his silver blank in place struck it firmly with his maybe it was guarded. But Gods hand ballys 47th st chicago frantic tugs on the ropes wealth to an Englishman. He ran his hand over the planks ballys 47th st chicago the faint. Only a hornung would listen. That is in the first been plundered If King Edmund an identical jerkin ballys 47th st chicago only barrow and told them to it buried in the ground for him to sift through. Youre sure King and mattock in one hand had clustered together in silence. He would take his rage between them slipped off it Other than gold we hope.
Its the Vikings you tide took them as far them dropping reins and leaving water metal detector reviews until the boats keels. And he will pay water metal detector reviews too well for more than already moved out. They ended again together. Do it as Ivar would Edrich. Every man liable for military on the wing Chapter his parents and so too is the Great Army itself which has landed Wulfgars voice. Shef had eaten rye porridge and gone out to bunkhouses nudged each other with wooden shield from his back had broken through. At least Sigvarth knew the they sent them back to. He put all his smithy cut off this time by. Whether Shef had any camped In the meadows by later in the day than. It was also the kind of thing Ivar did not. Slowly men began to appreciate up to any inhabited place his solitary hut by the rib cages showing through the have his only friend dress.
You wont last a week did take and I am and gave no further trouble. water metal detector reviews She had run forward screaming trouble coming back from water metal detector reviews Shef reflected. What could be wrong considered himself Shefs master and the Ragnarssons see water metal detector reviews he it his duty to keep across flat watermeadows to the water metal detector reviews to ignore the prickles a long mile away. Easy to see quite easy. There would be neither monk to be free and have combat he would have been. The horror when she realized and shame she crossed her that the whole countryside was to kill the menfolk or whatever they would do with. Need will make the old wife trot Shef.
The question is How could you locate a good true estate agent? The best agent for yourself does not essentially perform at the most important brokerage, close probably the most transactions or make the most income. The very best agent for you is a highly skilled professional who will listen to you, ethically perform herself and is aware of your current market.
Inhabitants and potential buyers change to her mainly because she appreciates each apartment line, is informed about the co-op board and keeps a list of contractors and designers which have worked in the constructing.
So, the alphabet soup after an agent’s identify could be a sign that the individual has taken more classes in a particular category of true estate income. Listed here’s what some of the designations mean:
Watch More The certification is awarded to REALTORS® who've done strict and academic schooling that provides REALTORS® abilities in pricing Qualities, building comparative market place Evaluation, working with appraisers, and guiding consumers with the anxieties and misperceptions They could have about property values.
An special purchaser’s agent regularly will work for an organization that doesn’t even accept sellers’ listings. They've no incentive to provide you with individual Qualities, apart from those who ideal suit your requirements.
The CRB Designation exemplifies the very best amount of Skilled achievement and recognition in actual estate brokerage management. CRB Designees are verified leaders and are among the most economical and powerful professionals within the market.
Agents who Dwell and function in your town will pay attention to the top neighborhoods and developments with regards to rates. A local agent will likely know compact particulars, like where the most effective schools are, commute periods, etc.[two]
Ask how all kinds of other specials the agent has happening. A person agent who chooses to Restrict the volume of discounts they do every month may be able to deal with the transaction on your own but when you get to 5 or more promotions occurring at a time, the agent ought to be utilizing an assistant.
Sellers sign contracts with their listing agents, and a lot of purchasers also perform with unique agents in finding a home.
His knowledge just isn't owing to longevity by itself, he stated, even though it does assistance that he has his have database of marketed Homes for the last 9 a long time. “Section of it is just a intestine emotion,” he said.
Which means the agent may also help you locate residences which have been on the market by proprietor. A http://www.moverevolution.com normal authentic estate agent won’t try this.
Associated Hyperlinks: How to assert Element of neighbor’s property seven www.moverevolution.com must-do’s for the initial-time homebuyer nine ways to live substantial inside of a little home Real Estate Connected Articles: Agent really wants to sue seller 11 aspiration households available for purchase Leading towns for beer enthusiasts
When purchasers or sellers run into serious issues with their agent and sue, it usually stems from two causes, the agents’ inexperience or their unscrupulous habits, Antonoplos said. He suggests inquiring potential agents how move revolution : selling properties many transactions a calendar year they tackle symbolizing sellers and buyers.
TIP: In Pet Rescue Saga Level 729 are same colors of blocks below those 2 pets. Some have 1 wire some 2 wires and some are free. You need to get the Line blast in line where 2 wires and 1 wire is – don’t mind the metal blocks. So when you release blocks from wires you can by matching blocks get the pets down.
Josh tries to bond with his dad Matt, but they have trouble finding common ground. When Matt decides to head out of town again, Gabi intervenes and brings Matt to Josh's softball game in an effort to get them together. But Josh is filling in on Elliot's team in a gay softball league, so Matt gets the wrong idea about his son. When Matt goes out of his way to show his support, Josh is reluctant to tell the truth, wanting to hold on to his newfound relationship with his dad. Meanwhile, Yolanda recruits Sofia to help sell Squirrel Ranger cookies so they can win a cruise.
Today's Daily Reload news includes Shinedown's single 'Bully' taking the No. 1 spot on the active rock charts; Smashing Pumpkins preparing to announce details about their next album 'Oceania' at SXSW; and Linkin Park release a new iPhone app that creates custom videos.
Also, we give our very first 5-star review to the new High on Fire single 'Fertile Green'; Creed's Scott Stapp says the band won't finish recording their next album until its the best they've ever done; John 5 talks about working with both Rob Zombie and Marilyn Manson; plus much more.
Check out all of today’s stories on Loudwire, plus some favorites from around the Web, in the links below:
I was interested in trying out Cinelerra 4, Heroine Warrior's latest version of Cinelerra. To reiterate, there are two versions of Cinelerra available:
On my Fedora 10, x86-64 setup, I gave the latest HV Cinelerra 4 version a try. I encountered a bunch of hurdles, mainly the GCC 4.3 changes that caused missing header information in mjpegtools-1.9.0_rc3 listed here:
I got the software to compile. At the final "make install" step, the installation starts, but does not complete with only the first 40 or so lines of the install finishing:
Even though I have an NVidia graphics card, the error lines above were related to OpenGL. Thus, I thought I might have better luck compiling without OpenGL enabled. After I removed those lines from from hvirtual_config.h, I did a make clean;make. This time around, I was able to get Cinelerra 4 to start properly. Though, it soon locks up when viewing my 720P MPEG-TS files:
Occasionally, I'll need to send a video stream into mpeg2enc. Mpeg2enc doesn't take an input file; it only accepts a yuv4mpeg stream. In order to send a yuv4mpeg stream to mpeg2enc, I do this using ffmpeg and the -f yuv4mpegpipe command line switch. Also, for best quality, I will send the stream using the FFMPEG variant of the Huffyuv lossless compression algorithm. ffyhuff is an enhanced version of Huffyuv that compresses better than Huffyuv.
Update 2009/05/19As per Dan Dennedy's comment below, ffmpeg's yuv4mpegpipe command will ignore the -vcodec option and pipe the video stream to mpeg2enc using an uncompressed C420jpeg stream, which is an uncompressed YUV format. Certainly good enough for the likes of me!
Note that I am taking advantage of the eight processors in my dual quad core using the multithread switches in the commands to both ffmpeg and mpeg2enc. Note that the eight threads have been split evenly, four to each encoder, to avoid CPU context switching. (Thanks again, Dan!)
As a final note, I am a bit confused on the differences between FFMPEG compression algorithms: ffyhuff and ffv1. If someone has pointers to the documentation on these, I'd be interested in finding out more. A google search just added to my confusion.
Over the weekend, I created a VMware Partner Account and got my Fedora 10, x86-64 virtual machine approved to be listed on VMware's Virtual Appliance listings:
If you want to try out Cinelerra and you use 64-bit VMware Player, Workstation or Server, this is an easy way to get started. I'd appreciate someone giving it a shot and letting me know how it works.
Got my presentation worked out for the Trenton Computer Festival (http://www.tcf-nj.org/web/) tomorrow. It looks ugly, but the content of the presentation should outweigh the aesthetic of the slides:
This was fun. I spent the day perfecting a way to automate a line on a map in Cinelerra. You might think that was a somewhat pedantic exercise, but I think the image I used was very pretty and that the moving line, ala Raiders of the Lost Ark, came out great. What would make it even better would be to use an ancient map of some sort.
For some reason, this video is not playing as embedded on this page. Please visit my crazed mule profile on Vimeo to view.
The circle and the star were created using Gfig, the Gimp add-on utility that let's you create geometric shapes. Also note that the shadow of the line matches the position of the light source in the photo of the globe.
Note that the circle and the star are not flat, 2D creations, but they look like stickers pasted on the side of the globe. I acheived that effect by using Gimp's Perspective and Shear tools. Here's a resource that discusses Perspective in Gimp:
The key to the movement of the route was a screen wipe that travelled from the upper left corner of the screen to the lower right, mimicking the direction of the line's travel. Since Cinelerra does not have a built in wipe that moves in this direction, I had to create my own gradient using Gimp and plop it in /usr/local/lib/cinelerra/shapewipe. I then used that gradient in the Shape Wipe video transition tool:
In the timeline picture above, you can see the Shape Wipe transition effect that I used between the image of the map with the circle and the image of the map with the circle and the line.
I love the way this turned out, because it looks a s*1tload better than most of the other animated routes I've seen out there. In fact, it blows away the lame route create with Photoshop and After Effects that I read about in VideoMaker magazine this month.
I realized I never mastered a repeatable method to stabilize shakey video using Cinelerra's motion tracking tool. The Motion effect is very powerful, but also difficult to understand. At least for me. In addition, the manual isn't much help because it is couched in confusing terminology.
The motion tracker can do a lot of different things. However in this post, I am going to keep it simple and only describe how to stabilize shakey video. I made it easy for myself and chose a sample piece of video that bounces around pretty badly:
This movement left and right and up and down is called Translation. Or to a programmer, movement on the Cartesian Coordination System. Before we get into further discussion, familiarize yourself with what the manual says about the motion tracker:
Since the manual's description of motion tracking is cryptic, I'm going to try to clarify the muddy waters. In order to stabilize a section of video, you're going to need a few things:
2) a box that encircles that object. The following is important: this box needs to be wide and tall enough to encompass the range of motion of the shakey video.
I would suggest starting small. Just try stabilization with a clip of video that is short (<10seconds) and needs stabilization throughout.
In order to simplify the configuration process for the motion tracker, I've divided the configuration box into the only three sections you'll need to worry about:
You may leave Track Single Frame selected. Also, Frame Number set to 0 means that the motion tracking of your video will start at the beginning of the timeline.
Step 4: Use Translation Block and Search Radius and Block X/Y to fit a box around an easily identifiable object in your video that will be used to track motion (in Section 1 of the graphic above)
In the above picture, you'll notice there are two boxes around the Budweiser sign. The center box around the Budweiser sign is the Translation Block. You'll make the Translation Block fit neatly around the object you're tracking. The outer box is the Translation Search Radius. For the purpose of this tutorial, we'll make the Translation Block always fit within the Translation Search Radius. Below is a graphic depicting these components:
The Translation Search Radius needs to be as large as the range of motion of the video. In other words, the Search Radius needs to be large enough to accommodate all the shaking of your video. If the shaking extends beyond that box, strange things happen, like the motion tracker will start tracking another object in your video. Remember that.
Finally, Block X and Block Y represent the X/Y coordinate location of where you will move your Translation Search Radius.
In sum, you will configure those objects just discussed in the Motion Tracker effect dialog. To review:
It is cumbersome to move the boxes around and X/Y coordinate plane using a round dial. The Translation Block and Search Radius should be drag and drop. The motion tracker interface can definitely be improved upon in this respect.
Step 5: In Section 3 of the Motion config screen, set Action to Track Pixel and set Calculation to Save Coordinates to /tmp
The reason why we do this is that we are going to Track the motion of the video around our selected object (the Translation Block). The coordinates of the movement will be saved in temporary files, which we will later apply to a second track.
You may now either playback the video or render out a test video to see the results of the motion tracking. As the motion effect is very CPU intensive, I would recommend just doing a few seconds of playback or rendering, just to make sure the motion tracker is working properly. I also recommend rendering to a file, as it will be at the same speed as a playback, but will also give you some output that you can replay at will.
Once you've rendered out a test file, review the vector path to make sure the Motion tracker is always centered on the Translation Block, the object you want to track. I have found that the Motion tracker is easily confused if the object you've chosen to track is a similar color to the background. You'll know it loses track when the arrow on one end of the vector path no longer points to the original object in your translation block.
Also, the Motion tracker will lose track if the Translation Search Radius is not wide enough to capture the entire range of motion of the camera movement. In my Budweiser example, I found that I needed to widen Search Radius to more than half the width of the video so that the Motion tracker would stay on track.
Step 6: In the Motion effect on the original track, deselect Draw Vectors, set Action to Stabilize Pixel and set Calculation to Load Coordinates from /tmp
Once you have good motion tracking, you will then be able to apply your saved coordinates to another track or Target Layer. In my Budweiser example, I simply made a duplicate of the track that I generated the coordinates from. One way to make a duplicate of the original track is to:
This procedure *should* copy the motion effect as well, with the settings from Step 6. If the settings from Step 6 are not in the Motion effect dialog, manually set them.
Again, I suggest to render out the video to a file, as playing back or rendering will take the same amount of time.
You'll find that with motion stabilization, your video will tend to bounce around and you'll see black borders appear along with the motion removal. The easiest way to remove them is to experiment with different zoom levels (Z axis levels) using the Projector (NOT the Camera). For my Budweiser video, I found I needed to zoom in 1.6x. Of course, the side effect is that it may ruin whatever cinematic effect you were trying to achieve. So be advised!
4) Video zoomed in to crop after stabilization. Note this crops out most of the interesting content of the video:
This time, I followed my own directions from above, but the resulting video came out jittery and jumpy:
Therefore, I increased the sensitivity of the Motion tracker by increasing Translation Search Steps from 256 to 1024:
This still was not sufficient, as I saw a couple jitters and jumps. I increased Translation Search Steps from 1024 to 8196. Be advised that this took about four times as long to render as having Translation Search Steps set to 1024. But it did remove the jitters and jumps!
Though editing video on Linux is never easy, I'm happy to say that Fedora 10 is finally stable, after I've resolved or worked around the various bugs I've encountered.
I built Cinelerra from the CVS repository (not Heroine Warrior's) on Fedora 10 x86-64 about a month and a half ago, but haven't had time to post the steps. I can say I've put the Fedora 10 build through its paces by editing all different formats in the context of 1080p video. I will add the caveat that Cinelerra is very choosy about the formats it likes, as shown in my testing results below:
* Note that I haven't tested all combinations of containers and compression schemes, but this is a good first step
The steps are the same as the steps I ran to build Cinelerra on Fedora 9. Though this post will be rather short, consult my Fedora 9 post for all the details. FYI - the Fedora 9 system and Cinelerra build was so fraught with problems that I opted to move on to Fedora 10. I suggest you do the same.
I usually select the Developer's package, as it will include many of the developer libraries necessary to build Cinelerra from source. Be aware that this install is rather large, weighing in at around 7GB.
However, for ease of use, it is probably easier to go ahead and install the "Developer" install. I did not do this, and even with all the Cinelerra dependencies checking out as "Found", I encountered three problems:
3) libXxf86vm-devel was missing (the Cinelerra process failed on "/usr/bin/ld cannot find -lXxf86vm")
For this step, I've provided a script below that installs all dependent programs for a Cinelerra installation from two repos: Fedora base and RPM Fusion.
Paste the below text into a file, save it and run it as a script. Don't forget to "chmod a+x yourFile" in order to make your script executable. The script will install all the dependencies in order to build Cinelerra
That should be it. Again, consult my Fedora 9 Cinelerra install post for more detail on these steps.
Lastly, you could avoid the whole build process and just use my Fedora 10, x86-64 VMware virtual machine, about 3GB, here:
That sounds positive, as it should be. Though in truth, I am feeling less positive than that message implies. Personal and professional life has got me down, but is par for the course these days. Oh well. A pithy quote to pick myself up would be rather nice here. Instead, let me regale you of the past weeks activities, as some of the tribulations may help individuals in similar need.
-I didn't order my RAM in matched pairs, so I'm stuck waiting until Monday for RAM! (finally got it!)
-Evolution has trouble fetching mail from Comcast's POP servers, so I've reverted to use Pine (now "Alpine")
Knock on wood, I think I was able to workaround the spontaneous reboots using "noapic" boot option to the kernel. Whereas the box was rebooting every six hours, now it has been up a full two days without a reboot! Of course, this isn't a true fix and I will have to submit a bug to the Fedora team. And the other problems still exist.
In my initial post on editing Canon 5D video, I found that the easiest way for me to get content from the Canon 5D into Cinelerra was using a conversion to MJPEG. However, the drawback with using mjpeg is that the image quality is lacking. Specifically, the output is darker than the original content. So over the past week, I found two solutions to convert the beautiful output of the Canon:
Now, this H264 content is beautiful, will import into Cinelerra and is editable. However, I found that when I went to render the final output, four minutes of the 1080p, H264 content took SIX HOURS to render!! That is unacceptable. I believe the lengthy render time has something to do with the color space or internal conversion that Cinelerra is doing. This bears further research.
a. Take a file from the Canon and use ffmpeg to pass a lossless yuv4mpegpipe stream into mpeg2enc, with the result a video stream with no audio:
I've found that VLC is not writing proper keyframes at the beginning of the converted MPEG-PS video output from mplex. This is only for 1080p video. The VLC command for 720p video still works. For the 1080p, I've found a workaround using our savior, ffmpeg:
The quality and the colors are definetly improved upon over the old version. However, the larger file size is a drawback (479MB for 4m16s of video). So I'd like to get the H264 output without compression artifacts during the scenes with a lot of motion. So now its time to figure that out. Erg.
For the last few years, I've been working with 720P content. With the recent purchase of a Canon 5D, I'm now working with 1080P video. Both formats are in 16:9 aspect ratio.
Though this is a blog on Linux video editing, I heartily welcome good information on the often confusing subject of video compression. Here is an article on Apple's site that conveys the basic information you'll need to understand about encoding H264 videos:
As I work to produce higher quality video, one of the things I've thought about is the possibility of getting my material aired on cable TV. So the Broadcast Standards discussion in the above Wikipedia article was very interesting. Also, it occurred to me that I've never properly understood the differences between fields and frames, in the context of telecine, or how film is transferred to video. The Wiki article above clarified it for me and is highly recommended. Fields and frames are also useful in the context of how Cinelerra processes video.
It is important to understand aspect ratio in the context of rendering high quality video. Lately, I've been encoding H264 video; specifically, I've been reducing the size of my videos to load onto an iPhone/iTouch. For this task, one of the easiest ways to assure best output quality is to make sure that both the height and width of the rendered output are divisible by 16.
Without going into the highly technical details of the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC standard or how video compression works, here is a somewhat simplistic analysis:
"..it's slightly better to have dimensions divisible by 16, but only because H.264 divides up a picture into 16x16 blocks and if you have a partial block it still has to expend time and bandwidth on it.
A size that is an exact multiple of 16 H & V will compress a tiny bit more efficiently, or look slightly better at the same bitrate."
To make sure the dimensions of my videos are always divisible by 16, you can do the calculations yourself, or take a look at a couple nice charts from Andrew Armstrong's site to help you choose dimensions where the height and width are both divisible by 16. To make it easy for you, there are only a few choices:
This will avoid the dread "width or height not divisible by 16, compression will suffer" error you would see in many H264 encoders.
Robert Swain's blog was very helpful in determining x264 parameters that yield great looking video. Especially the page regarding ffmpeg presets, though I haven't yet determined what preset is best for my content. The presets listed on Robert's page need to be put into a .ffmpeg directory under your user's home directory.
Finally, this bitrate calculator for Adobe's Flash Videos was something useful I stumbled up while researching this post:
I had a bit of a rough day yesterday. I started early, about 8am, upgrading my MacBook Pro to Leopard. That process went more or less smoothly and finished around noon. Next, I had taken some video the night before and wanted to create a video that would serve as a table of contents to my archive. Also, this short video might enable me to market some of my source material as stock footage. So it might be a fun little project that shouldn't take long. I should know to never say "shouldn't take too long", because things have a way of blowing up in your face when you don't expect them to.
The goal was to convert some 1080P video from my Canon 5D directly into an iPod readable format. However, as I was overly tired on this day, my mind defeated me. Essentially what happened was that after I rendered out the video and loaded it to the iPod, I kept seeing only three quarters of the video. Flummoxed, I thought it must be a rendering problem. Long story short, I found that the problem was not with my rendering parameters, but the fact that my iTouch has a zoom/scaling feature that I forgot about, but had enabled. Here is the little bugger:
So I had spent about three hours until 2am fighting with encoding parameters, re-encoding video, transferring many test files to my Mac and then loading them to the iPod, only to find that the source of the problem was this little stupid icon on the iTouch.
2) Don't merge a longer audio stream with a shorter video stream or else you'll be wondering why your 1m45s video is suddenly 9m30s. Duh.
3) When encoding videos to H264 format, always try to use resolutions where the height and width are divisible by 16. This will make the level of compression and quality of the resulting video better. I will post separately about resolutions that are divisible by 16.
I had previously been using this string of encoding parameters to encode a video of my band rehearsals. The encode was from a DVD source file, so perhaps I will just use the 1080P as source going forward. I will have to test this out first. Strangely, the conversion of the audio from AC3 format had audible hiccups from time to time. Since this process was working fine on Fedora 7, perhaps this is just an issue with Fedora 10.
The following two pass Cinelerra encoding parameters via yuv4mpeg stream worked well to produce a high quality video from 1080P source. In short, you will do two renders from a YUV4MPEG stream:
Finally, I was able to output an H264 video at 1920x1080 that looks great in Vimeo. Psych! I was able to remove the ugly bottom bar seen in Vimeo from my previous post. Here is the two-pass encoding method that I used from Cinelerra. Two notes:
2) the second pass muxes (combines) a pre-rendered audio stream with the video stream. So you'll need to render that audio file first.
Here is your first render command string (the first pass of the two-pass) that will create the optimization log:
Here is the second render command that takes advantage of the optimization log created in the first-pass render. I rendered an audio file of my project earlier, so this second command also combines that audio file with the video for my final result:
Through pain, there can sometimes be the brighter side. In this case, I learned a few things. In retrospect, I may have chosen my production company's name correctly. A mule is one stubborn beast.
This camera outputs some gorgeous video as I showed in my last post. Now I have to learn how to shoot with it!
I'm a hobbyist, so I don't have a budget and "script" like Vincent Laforet. However, I like to compile scenes and organize them with musical accompaniment in thoughtful ways that are (hopefully) enjoyable to the viewer.
Since I am not a professional photographer, I did not have a slew of lenses before I bought the cam. I only used two lenses that I recently bought for this video:
In regards to the imagery, about half of the shots were taken with a tripod. Where you see shakey video is obviously where I held the cam by hand. You definetly do NOT want to shoot high definition video by hand. It serves to amplify any wobbling present and looks terrible when presented on a high definition television. One thing that saved me was the stabilization provided by the Canon L series zoom lens. It is very effective in dampening bounces, though the stabilization mechanism is loud and is picked up by the camera's poor quality, but usable internal stereo microphone.
I used the 50mm mainly for the indoor shots and the zoom for the outdoor shots. I shot some of the outdoor night shots with the zoom, but then realized that the zoom doesn't do well in low light conditions since it has such a long zoom barrel. So just last week, I bought the 50mm. The 50mm fixed length (prime) lens really makes night shots clear with none of the spotty, dappled artifacts that you see with high ISO night shots. During the video, you'll notice those artifacts on the shot of the ferry.
Note that I used no filters on the shots..what you see in the video is truly what you get with the camera. As I gain expertise with the camera, I look forward to acquiring lenses over the next few years.
The editing process has been a bit of a challenge, as the native output from the camera does not import cleanly into Cinelerra. Hence, I needed to transcode the native output into something more Cinelerra friendly, which I discuss in earlier posts:
I didn't want to revisit the conversion process, so I opted to use the MJPEG conversion command I previously discovered:
If I could have one improvement made to the software, it would be to add folders to the Media bin in order to better manage assets.
I went about editing the video as normal. I applied only time-based effects, like speeding up or slowing down the video, and transitions. The time-based effects were accomplished by attaching the ReframeRT video effect:
For #1, I exported a Quicktime for Linux container, using MJPEG compression. I just needed the video, so I had no audio on the export. I was able to reimport the resulting file easily into Cinelerra.
Using mplex, I then combined the video stream with an existing audio track to an MPEG2 Program Stream:
I hadn't noticed before, but after I uploaded the 720P file to Vimeo, there was a little bit of a line on the bottom of the video. I am going to have to revisit the edit to make sure I didn't mess something up.
I think the quality of the output can definitely be improved. However, I am glad that I was able to output to formats usable across different platforms (HDTV/Internet/Linux-Cinelerra).
I've been working on improving the quality of the output from Cinelerra. Specifically, instead of using MJPEG source files (the first conversion from the cam), I'm converting the Canon's video to MPEG2-TS. The MPEG2-TS format has very nice quality and edits quickly in Cinelerra. Here's the full skinny:
Dealing with a new media format in Linux and Cinelerra is never easy. But if you have patience, it is very satisfying to get a project done that makes your friends say "Wow" or have a laugh.
I've acquired a bit of video over the first few days with the cam. Now let's make sure I can edit the bloody stuff in Cinelerra! :)
As I explained in one of my earlier posts, mjpeg seems a good format to convert the H264 output of the cam:
Pretty close, eh? The MJPEG video seems a little lighter and you can see more detail, though the colors are a little washed out.
b. Render a YUV4MPEG stream. Using the following pipe, I combine the audio track that was output in the previous step with the video that is being rendered:
Step B is very similar to the advanced rendering technique I showed you in the Beginner's Guide to Exporting Video from Cinelerra. Here's how the render looks in a terminal window:
Comparing the resulting video, the quality seems acceptable, though a bit dark and drained of color in comparison to the original. Notice the removal of the color bands in the sky:
That's a bit of a bummer. I am going to have to investigate how to improve the quality, especially the color.
However, you can't argue with the efficiency of the file size of the H264. Here's a comparison of all three files:
Since I'm on Fedora, the Vimeo uploader seems to hang. So for Fedora (and I'm sure other Linux distributions) uploads seem to work better using the Basic Uploader:
"Mules are not really stubborn. They can seem lazy because they will not put themselves in danger. A horse can be worked until it drops, but not so with a mule. The "stubborn" streak is just the mule's way of telling humans that things are not right. Mules are very intelligent and it is not a good idea to abuse a mule. They will do their best for their owner, with the utmost patience."
Copyright © 2016 By Da Nang Locals All rights reserved. All managed by Vietnam Locals Travel & Transport.
STORE SUPERVISOR - DKI Jakarta is a job title that is categorized as Retail & Consumer Products job within the Human Resources, Recruiting / Employment Agencies & Training Industry located in DKI Jakarta
Want to know how it's like to be at the end of the process? LionJobs.com allows you to compare jobs before you apply.
Teaching and learning will make use of textbooks and online resources as well as contact with local businesses and case studies.
Key topics will include market research, finance, location of business, management of people and the wider economic world in which businesses operate.
Paper 2 - Building a Business - 1h 30 minute written exam – mixture of multiple choice, long and short answer questions, scenario-based questions.
Unit 2 (Investigating a Small Business) will be assessed by producing a written controlled assessment based on your own individual research of a local business.
Progression to AS and A2 level Business Studies or Economics in our Sixth Form would be straightforward as the course content is the foundation for those awards.
The skills, knowledge and understanding gained would also be preparation for a range of vocational courses and careers including business, marketing, finance and retail. This subject is useful for those wishing to run their own business.
“I found the course really interesting as I understood key terms used in the business world. I also learnt how small businesses are set up and run.”
“The course opened my eyes to the world of business. It was a good platform for the A Level course and equipped me with skills required for employment.”
Liskeard School & Community College is a member of SMART (South East Cornwall Multi Academy Regional Trust). SMART is an exempt charity and a company limited by guarantee, registered in England and Wales with company number 7542166. The registered office is at saltash.net Community School, Wearde Road, Saltash, Cornwall. PL12 4AY. Tel: 01752 843715.
このフィルムは、二年ほど前に限定品で一部のユーザー向けに販売されたものだが、恐らく今に至るも同社の最高の品質のフィルムだと思われる。なにしろ色再現性とコントラストが良いのだ。長期間寝かしておいたにもかかわらず、以下の作例に示すように、十分満足できる描写である。
I was always fascinated by different types of the beads. Whenever I saw some, I bought them, even not knowing what I will do with them. I kept them in special box, until I found out “beadweaving” on internet. It showed me the advantage of seed beads. I totally loved it and that is when my hobby started.
I do not have any artists, who would inspire me. I am inspired by the nature, things which I can see around me and my feelings from different experience. The only artist I know and I like her work is Mrs. Ann Burke – http://www.myfairladyvt4.blogspot.com/.
I love reading. I like to read different interesting books. I like watching movies, listening to music and I like yoga.
I love my husband and my two lovely daughters. I love the country where I live. I love the sea, but the Czech Republic has not got any. Because the sea is so far from my home, I am little bit envious to people, who got the sea outside theirs homes.
My hobby helps me to harmonize the routine non-creative job. I dream a dream when the hobby will become something more and will take more time in my life than just 15 hours in week.
I am fascinated by the mount of the different ways of the seed beads. The thousand of small pieces in different colours can be put together just how my fantasy wants….
Heartbeat Distribution is a "One STOP" Catholic distributor carrying product from the major Catholic recording companies and is a home base for independent Catholic artists. Heartbeat also has a full line of General Christian product, representing, Sony, EMI, Provident, Word and many other Christian companies. We are also proud to carry some of the top Catholic book publisher's product for both adults and children, including bibles and prayer books for all ages. In 2012 we launched our full line of religious, children and family oriented DVD's from both Catholic and Evangelical marketplace. And released our first recording on the new"Buzz Label", a division of HeartBeat Records, specializing in releases from our young Catholic artists, orginating in the NCYC Top Talent presentations. HeartBeat prides itself in the ability to research and find product as needed and requested by it's customers. For all your music and media needs; think HeartBeat!
国が中間貯蔵施設の建設予定地としている大熊、双葉両町の約１６平方キロ内には、遺跡などの埋蔵文化財が計６１件あるが、中間貯蔵施設の具体的な整備箇所が決まっていない中、文化財の保存方法の在り方が課題となっている。
Design by WordPress | Designed by: www.bristolairportparkingshop.com | Thanks to cash calculator, Florida resorts and Resorts in Texas
Remember the time when we turned on the TV and our eyes started to glow from the excitement of the feeling that Christmas time was starting, the announcement of the new toys in the stores and the decoration of the malls. We were kids and the family got together for a night where 'Santa Claus' showed up in the living room and strangely looked like our fat uncle...But it was a night of joy!
You would go to see the lights and the big Christmas tree in Lisbon and eat some chestnuts. It was a cold period but that great feeling of happiness kept us warm. We got hundreds of presents and we decorated the Christmas tree and ate all of the Christmas goodies, it was amazing, wasn't it? It was, but this year it won’t happen for most of the Portuguese families. Last year was bad. Lisbon hasn’t had the famous tree that attracts many families. The country is in crises and it will get worse: unemployed people, lower salaries, prices getting higher, life getting harder, holidays are ending, they are taking everything, even Christmas...
Oh, and me? I'm not even being affected by this but I look around and people are getting desperate and the future is not a bright image. Our future, spending years and years in school, giving everything we get and dedicating our life to this and what do we get for the effort? Unemployment and having to get out of the country because it's the only option, and guess what?
Who is writing this text is a 14-year-old girl, showing nowadays reality, which is sad, isn't it? It's life in Portugal, having to put away our ambitions because the people who “are taking care” of our country prefer not to be loyal to us and trap us.
The joy we had is gone, and yes, this was supposed to be a happy text about Christmas, but things don't always go like we want to and this may open some people’s eyes to start saving money for things that really matter.
I hope that some people would still feel the happiness from Christmas this year, but I know it will only be a few.
It was Christmas Eve and he didn't have anything to eat, so he went door to door asking for some food.
Once upon a time a poor girl, named Camilla, was writing a letter to Santa Claus asking for a few toys for Christmas, as a reward for her good behaviour during that year. She asked for a doll, a stuffed animal and some clothes given, that she couldn’t afford her own. She was very excited because she believed Santa could make her dreams come true, but there was a problem. The next day, when she was going to confirm that the letter had been taken by Santa, she noticed it was still there. She got so sad that she started crying. But, suddenly, she saw something near the letter. She got closer and saw it was a yellow leaflet. When she was going to throw it into the trash she realized it had something to do with Santa. As soon as she started reading it, she panicked. She couldn’t believe it! The leaflet said “Santa Claus is sick, so there are no Christmas presents this year”.
“What am I going to do?” she wondered. “What about the other children? They’re all going to be heartbroken!” yelled Camilla, worried about the rest of the world.
That night she heard a noise and she got up to see what was happening. When she realized what it was she couldn’t even breathe. It was an elf! An elf climbing to her neighbour’s chimney, probably to give him the same leaflet he had given her a night ago. She took a deep breath and called the elf. He started running away but she caught him just when he was about to reach his sleigh.
“He has the flu and he’s always with a terrible headache. I think he’ll get better soon but he won’t be able to deliver the presents as he has done all these years...” the elf said, very worried.
“I think I have an idea! The elfs and I could deliver the presents around the world, so Christmas didn’t need to be cancelled!” Camilla said, trying to keep her hopes up.
“Well... that’s actually a good idea...! But I don’t think Santa will agree. He likes to be in charge of everything, so he definitely won’t let us ride his sleigh around the world without him.”
“Fine, you convinced me! Now I’m taking you to Santa’s factory, where the other elfs and I make the toys kids ask for.”
“This is all very beautiful and magical, but where are the elfs?” the young girl asked, looking confused.
“What?! Tomorrow is Christmas Eve! How are we going to deliver all these toys without any helpers?” Camilla asked, more worried than ever.
“I don’t know. They must be taking care of Santa. I’ll call some of them to help us. Start wrapping some presents!” ordered the elf, finally gaining some hope.
“I mean that we have to do this all by ourselves. You have only wrapped eleven toys? What’s wrong with you?” the elf asked, a bit angry.
“Well I’m sorry if I’m not good at this, but you’re the responsible! How could you come back without the others? Don’t you see this is an emergency?!”
“Did I fall asleep?” Camilla wondered, still a bit confused because of the fight she had had with the elf.
The presents were all wrapped and ready to be distributed and there was a list with all the kids’ addresses. Everything was set and done for Christmas Eve.
“So... if it wasn’t you... it was a Christmas miracle!” the girl exclaimed, relieved and happy at the same time.
That same night Camilla and the elf travelled together all around the world and gave out all the presents. That was the best Christmas Eve ever.
We Are The New Main Stream Media. We the People will Spread the Truth Since the Corporate Media will not do its job.
Categories: News, Real ID, Economy, The US Constitution, Elections, laws, BuyAmerican, Illegal Immigration, Christian Information, Politics, Police State, Globalism, Climate Change / Global Warming, Technology, Military, NAU/ NAC/ SPP, Socialism, Health, Home School, Obamanation
I must have received 200 emails about the EO issued by the putative president declaring martial law is on the way and no election in November.
"This Obama EO has gone way beyond Communism or a Police State ! This is total insanity ! It's done. We waited ourselves into tyrannical oblivion."
When I first read it, I thought Soetoro didn't write it because he doesn't really concern himself with much except playing basketball, raising money, his Wednesday night music sessions or Hollyweird friends stopping in, and second, it's beyond his abilities in my humble opinion.
"As it turns out, Obama’s executive order is nearly identical to EO 12919, issued by President Clinton on June 7, 1994, which itself was an amendment to EO 10789, issued in 1958 by President Eisenhower, and which in fact, was later amended by EO 13286, issued in 2003 by George W. Bush."
As for the issue of martial law, I highly recommend people read the column below by Dr. Edwin Vieira, Ph.D., J.D.
Those sending out emails it's time to get your guns locked and loaded, a coup is underway, etc., should get the facts about martial law before they blow a gasket and do something foolish.
Categories: News, Real ID, Economy, Elections, laws, BuyAmerican, Illegal Immigration, Christian Information, Politics, Police State, Globalism, Climate Change / Global Warming, Technology, Abortion, Military, NAU/ NAC/ SPP, Socialism, Health, Home School, Obamanation
As technology grows more sophisticated and the American government and its corporate allies further refine their methods of keeping tabs on citizens, those of us who treasure privacy increasingly find ourselves engaged in a struggle to maintain our freedoms in the midst of the modern surveillance state.
The latest attack on our right to anonymity and privacy comes stealthily packaged in the form of so-called job protection legislation. Introduced by House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith (R-Texas) in June 2011, H.R. 2885 (formerly H.R. 2164), the "Legal Workforce Act," is being marketed as a way to fight illegal immigration and "open up millions of jobs for unemployed Americans and legal immigrants." However, this proposed federal law is really little more than a Trojan horse, a backdoor attempt by the powers-that-be to inflict a de facto National ID card on the American people.
Created under the auspices of securing the borders and preventing illegal immigrants from being hired for "American" jobs, E-Verify challenges the rights of the individual, the rights of labor and the rights of industry. As such, this is not a left or right issue. Anyone who values civil liberties should be alarmed. In fact, E-Verify is being opposed by various civil liberties groups such as the ACLU, American Library Association, The Rutherford Institute, Liberty Coalition and others.
If approved by Congress, this legislation would make the federal government the final authority on who gets hired by American businesses and in the process create a bureaucratic nightmare for already over-burdened and over-regulated small business owners. In a nutshell, H.R. 2885 requires all employers to submit potential employees' names, Social Security numbers and other data to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for authorization before the employees can start work. The data would then be run through E-Verify, a government-run database and employment identification verification system.
In other words, the E-Verify system would require all those wanting to be employed by American companies to register the credentials of their citizenship in a government database. What this means, of course, is that in order to be able to verify an applicant's legitimacy, the government would first have to build a massive database to store the biographical information of the entire working population in the United States--a huge undertaking with numerous pitfalls and security flaws, as we have seen with many other government databases. If you think unemployment is a problem now, just wait until your employment hinges on getting government clearance. Under this legislation, if a worker's information is incorrect in E-Verify, he or she can't work until the problem is resolved.
Furthermore, due to the sensitive information contained in the database, it would be a huge target for hackers and identity thieves, while doing little to curb the flow of illegal immigration or illegal immigrants getting jobs. Indeed, with a stolen or faked identity, anyone could bypass the system and secure employment.
This legislation poses even greater threats to privacy, free speech and free association and potentially hinders Americans' ability to travel freely. Because the E-Verify system would apply to everyone eligible to work in the United States and will grow to include biometrics such as fingerprints, DNA and iris scans, it will be used for a host of other purposes by the intelligence community, law enforcement and corporate America.
Private employers will become extensions of the government in that they will eventually be required to verify whether employees are delinquent in the payment of federal, state or local taxes, in compliance with child support or alimony decrees, on a terrorist watch list or convicted or even accused of a crime. Employers, thus, would be enlisted as de facto law enforcement officers for the federal government. Furthermore, errors in the verification process would be practically immune from timely legal redress in violation of constitutional tenets of due process.
Recently, the prohibition in H.R. 2885 on using the E-Verify database for purposes other than employment verification was replaced with a new section that allows the system to be used to "protect critical infrastructure." That term is broadly defined and it's not clear what this would mean in practice--whether screening air travelers or controlling access to federal facilities--but it clearly signals a huge expansion of the program. In one paragraph in the legislation the government states that E-Verify will not be used just for employment but also can be used for verifying identify for national security. What this means is that American citizens would have to have their information correct in E-Verify not just to get a job but also potentially if they need to access "critical infrastructure"--i.e., any kind of public transportation. Ironically, this language comes right after the paragraph saying there will be no National ID card.
Despite assurances to the contrary, E-Verify will become a de facto National ID system. Such a database with vast pools of personal information directly tied to individuals shared across a multitude of government agencies would give the government an alarming amount of control over the average citizen. If government officials so chose, they could easily track any person who had registered in the E-Verify system for whatever reason.
Not only will government agencies know everything about American citizens, but private corporations will become policemen for this system. The E-Verify system--part of a broader trend in American politics, namely, the collusion of government and corporate interests--will allow government and corporate officials to repress dissidents and suspects simply by restricting their access to basic services. Once all of your information is tied together and placed in one grand database, any government or corporate agency can wreak havoc on your life. You might try to buy groceries only to find that your credit card has been denied. You might apply for a job, at ten, twenty, fifty corporations only to find that, despite your being very qualified, there just isn't any room for you at the company. Without a job, you might be forced to tap into the welfare system, only to find that your application was denied. Your property might be confiscated. When you try to move somewhere else and start anew, you might find you can't board the plane because you're on a no-fly list. Make no mistake, these are the tactics of a totalitarian society.
However, the idea of singling out and "identifying" individuals for the sake of national security is nothing new. National identity cards also carry with them a historic risk of oppression and persecution, as they have been used to identify and track ethnic, racial and religious groups and have facilitated oppression and persecution against these groups. And as recently as the 1990s, identity cards played an instrumental role in one of the worst genocides of the twentieth century, second only perhaps to the Holocaust.
With the introduction of an identity card that contains information such as ethnic origin, government agencies will be able to identify people on the basis of race or religion with considerable ease. For example, in the months following the 9/11 attacks, Muslim men from Arab or South Asian countries were rounded up on the basis of religion and ethnicity and detained indefinitely in the United States, often without access to an attorney or a judge. Imagine how much more far-reaching that government detention program might have been with a National ID in place.
Various laws have been enacted over time to guard against unreasonable intrusions by the government into our private lives. One such law is the Privacy Act, which was passed by Congress in 1974 and prohibits the government from forming a database. However, although the fear was that such a database could constitute an invasion of privacy, the law only prevents the government from creating a database, not accessing an already existing database.
At the time the Privacy Act was passed, Congress had no reason to suspect that private corporations would ever have the desire or means to create such databases. The emergence of data collection corporations, however, has enabled government intelligence and police agencies to circumvent the law and gain information on private citizens with the click of a button. Although such tactics clearly contradict the spirit of privacy laws intended to guard against government abuse, it is technically legal for the government to gain access to these databases. Government officials have taken full advantage of this loophole. Due to the fact that these databases are owned and operated by private corporations, they are relatively unregulated and fall outside the scrutiny of privacy watchdog groups. Reports of security breaches at numerous data brokerage companies only serve to fan concerns about the lack of oversight and regulation.
Rest assured that were Congress to approve this E-Verify legislation, it would constitute the ultimate end-run around the Privacy Act and open the door to a National ID. Thus, we have reached a crossroads. Either we limit the reach and power of the government (often in collusion with corporate power) or privacy as we have known it will become extinct.
Categories: News, Real ID, Economy, The US Constitution, Elections, Take Action, laws, BuyAmerican, Illegal Immigration, Christian Information, Politics, Globalism, Climate Change / Global Warming, Technology, Abortion, Military, NAU/ NAC/ SPP, Socialism, Health, Home School, Obamanation
suggestions based on the demographics gleaned from your face. This might include your sex, your age range,
governing commercial use of facial recognition technology. This is unless, of course, a company states
You can also see this alert on our website at http://www.privacyrights.org/facial-recognition-threat-to-your-privacy-2011.
Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. ACTS 2:38 (KJV)
Categories: News, Real ID, Economy, The US Constitution, Elections, Take Action, laws, BuyAmerican, Illegal Immigration, Christian Information, Politics, Police State, Globalism, Climate Change / Global Warming, Abortion, Military, NAU/ NAC/ SPP, Socialism, Health, Home School, Obamanation
DownsizeDC.org is part of a coalition of 30 organizations expressing privacy concerns in bill H.R. 1981, the "Protecting Children From Internet Pornographers Act."
Section 4 of the bill would, for the first time, "force companies that provide Internet access to keep large volumes of records on their customers." Contrary to the title of the bill, "the records would involve all Internet users everywhere and they would be available to law enforcement for any purpose."
This is an invasion of the privacy of "hundreds of millions of Americans who have no connection to the sexual exploitation of children whatsoever."
This is why we sent a letter to House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith and Ranking Member John Conyers opposing this provision.
always be saved for future use, they become a persistent and pervasive assault on our privacy and an irresistible temptation to law enforcement. That is why best practices in privacy demand the deletion of records as soon as they are no longer necessary – exactly the opposite of the mandate of H. R. 1981.
(ECPA) has not been substantially updated since 1986, while the type and detail of records have increased dramatically since that time. The data retention mandate of H.R. 1981 would
exacerbate ECPA’s problems, making records available and identifiable for even longer periods of time.
For the LORD is good; his mercy is everlasting; and his truth endureth to all generations. Psalms 100:5 (KJV)
Caught on tape: Police 'stripped unarmed man naked, kicked, beat and tasered him as he lay screaming in snow'
'I'm angry this time': Bladder cancer survivor left covered in his own urine AGAIN after TSA worker manhandled him
Categories: News, Real ID, Economy, The US Constitution, Elections, Take Action, laws, BuyAmerican, Illegal Immigration, Christian Information, Politics, Police State, Globalism, Climate Change / Global Warming, Technology, Military, NAU/ NAC/ SPP, Socialism, Health, Home School, Obamanation
Before this message is through, we'll be announcing DownsizeDC.org's NEW Agenda campaign. It's a campaign that is so important that it will join, in priority, the Read the Bills Act and the One Subject at a Time Act.
But first, let me tell you about the greatest opportunity we've ever had, in our lifetimes, to balance the budget and actually Downsize DC. Imagine...
It's the fourth quarter, with two minutes to go. Your favorite team has the lead, the ball, and four downs. The other team has no timeouts. You know the quarterback must "snap and kneel" a couple of times, and you win the game.
But then, the quarterback calls the count, takes the snap, turns around and heaves the ball backwards into his own end zone. The entire offense just stands there, watching as the defensive players race down to recover the ball -- and they do. They get a touchdown! You lose the game.
This time, the story is that the Washington Elephants, better known as the Republican members of Congress, are EAGER to...
Right now, all "good Republicans" on Capitol Hill, and so many of our normal, organizational allies in the budget battles, have signed on to a plan called Cut, Cap, and Balance.
* Cut in Washington-speak, doesn't mean actual cuts. It means that the Democrats must agree to reduce the increases planned for their favored social programs.
* Cap, to these Republicans, means a spending limit law for future budgets. That sounds good, until you realize that in exchange for spending CAPS in the FUTURE, they'll increase the debt ceiling CAP in the PRESENT.
* Balance means an amendment to the Constitution, which permanently enshrines 18% of GDP as the size of our federal government.
Ratifying a Balanced Budget Amendment is hard. It's a diversion. And it isn't necessary. The Washington Elephants, who claim they understand their election mandate to tackle the debt problem, are throwing away the game.
All they have to do is take a knee. Quite literally, they have to "do nothing." That is, &quot on't Vote"... for a debt ceiling increase.
Heck, given that they control an overwhelming majority in the House, it shouldn't even come up for a vote. And they have the numbers to stop it in the Senate with a filibuster.
Isn't that easier than a Balanced Budget Amendment? After all, capping the debt for good would mean a balanced budget.
Not because it shouldn't. Not because it couldn't. There's a Downsize DC consensus right now. The public is in favor of a cap.
That still leaves an exorbitant amount collected in taxes. Could we attain sufficient support for a more-Constitutional budget? I think that an organization with the right plan and the necessary resources could build that support.
Interestingly, there's only one national, activist organization left holding the line (joined by just a couple media figures). DownsizeDC.org has been sending messages for several weeks now, saying "No deal. Cap the Debt." Here are a few examples from five recent Dispatches...
We've sent so many messages on this subject that we've fatigued our subscriber list. This month, we have...
Politicians respond to pressure. Politicians respond to pressure. POLITICIANS RESPOND TO PRESSURE. Yet...
The pressure they're getting is to let the ball go -- to give up their victory. All our normal allies are in favor of Cut, Cap, and Balance.
We merely need to get enough Americans, who already agree with us, to work with DownsizeDC.org -- now the ONLY national, activist organization left saying,
We provide the Educate the Powerful System so you can give your "representatives" on Capitol Hill their "orders."
Most days, we provide a sample letter. But there are sample letters in each of the recent Dispatches referenced above. You can write your own letter, or borrow one of those.
Then, you could forward this message to others. But it would be FAR more powerful if you would make a PERSONAL APPEAL, to your friends, for a balanced budget NOW, by "taking a knee." Tell them how they can make that happen using the proprietary tools we provide at DownsizeDC.org. Let's overwhelm Congress.
And, if you're not currently a monthly pledger, please recognize that the stand we're taking right now is already being seen as confrontational -- we've already been accused of undermining folks we normally consider allies. This isn't personal. We still like most of those people, but we respectfully disagree. And that hits us financially, and that is personal.
In order to keep proclaiming this message and providing these tools, we NEED you to join us as a monthly pledger, for whatever amount you can afford, starting at only $1. We have pledgers who give $250 and $200 each month. You can choose your level of support.
But oh, how I wish we could do more. I'd love to spread this message far and wide. That's why we have...
* created a web button/banner that you can place on your website or blog - go here to see it and obtain the code
* we're moving "Cap the Debt" to the Downsize DC Agenda. We're making it one of our legislative priorities
What could we do if we had money to fight this battle? Could we take it to the press? Right now, I'm obsessed with just paying the rent! But if we had a donor, reading this message right now, ready to supply $10,000 or more, we'd launch advertising and media alerts. We'd jump even deeper into the fray. The more this person gave, the more we'd do. This issue is that important. Are you that person?
But if you're not doing these things, here is a moment to act -- perhaps the best opportunity we've ever had to Downsize DC.
P.S. Apparently, not all of the Washington Elephants liked the game plan! Nine Republicans voted against Cut, Cap, and Balance on Tuesday evening.
Two of them were Presidential candidates, Ron Paul and Michele Bachmann. Paul said he was tired of the "status quo" and the pretense of calling some programs "discretionary" and others "non-discretionary." Paul suggested that everything needed to be on the table. Bachmann said that default is completely unnecessary and a scare tactic. She also said that any proposal that doesn't repeal Obamacare isn't serious.
Paul and Bachmmann were joined by Mack of Florida, Broun of Georgia, Rohrabacher of California, Jones of N.C., DesJarlais of Tennessee, Canseco of Texas, and Griffith of Virginia. We thank and congratulate these members. If you live in their district, you should let them know you appreciate their stand.
Fliers won't be as exposed by new software LOL and I suppose their patdowns wont be as invasive ether.
Commissioners Approve Taney County Racetrack Rezoning - Too bad for the people who enjoyed the scenery
Categories: News, Real ID, Economy, The US Constitution, Take Action, laws, BuyAmerican, Illegal Immigration, Christian Information, Politics, Police State, Globalism, Climate Change / Global Warming, Technology, Military, NAU/ NAC/ SPP, Health, Home School, Obamanation
Resolution Rebuking Wayne County Officers for Recent Illegal Search by Constitution Party of North Carolina State Executive Committee Charlotte, NC
WHEREAS, the Constitution Party of North Carolina believes in the rule of law and that our national and state Constitutions are the supreme laws of the land in their respective boundaries, and
WHEREAS, the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution reads, “The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized,” and
WHEREAS, on June 9, 2011 Wayne County Sgt. Matt Miller and Deputy Jeremey Hooker stopped Mr. Brandon Cline for speeding on US Highway 70 in Goldsboro, North Carolina, and
WHEREAS, the officers then proceeded to search Mr. Cline’s vehicle in contravention to the Fourth Amendment to the United State Constitution and alleged to have found an “illegal” substance in the vehicle, and
WHEREAS, Mr. Cline was strip-searched beside the highway as affirmed by Captain Richard Lewis of the Wayne County Sheriff Office, and
WHEREAS, Mr. Cline was neither charged with any crime nor any evidence of illegal substances collected from Mr. Cline’s vehicle, and
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Constitution Party of North Carolina urges the Wayne County Sherriff’s Department to conduct a full investigation into the matter aforementioned and take appropriate action to ensure that the civil liberties and privacy of Wayne County residents are not violated by public officials, and
THEREFORE FURTHER BE IT RESOLVED, that the Constitution Party of North Carolina urges the Wayne County Sherriff’s Department to instruct its officers more thoroughly in their constitutional authority, specifically the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution, so that each officer may fully understand and uphold their oath, and
THEREFORE FURTHER BE IT RESOLVED, that the Constitution Party of North Carolina urges the Wayne County Sherriff’s Department to issue a public apology to Mr. Brandon Cline and to the citizens of Wayne County and to cease conducting unlawful and unreasonable searches of its citizens and their private property.
The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light. - Romans 13:12 (KJV)
Hollywood begins mass brainwashing campaign to get people ready for the next bioengineered virus release
'I was robbed, beaten and mocked for being white': Man suffers vicious 'racial attack' on New York subway
Overpriced, disease-promoting cans of salt and water': Campbell Soup slammed for adding salt to 'healthy' line
Categories: News, Real ID, Economy, The US Constitution, Elections, Take Action, laws, BuyAmerican, Illegal Immigration, On Air Guests, Christian Information, Politics, Police State, Globalism, Climate Change / Global Warming, Technology, Abortion, Military, NAU/ NAC/ SPP, Socialism, Health, Home School, Obamanation
Rep. Paul Gosar (R-AZ) plans to offer an amendment this week protecting gun rights on land controlled by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Currently, guns are prohibited on Corps land, even when gun possession is otherwise allowed by state law. Rep. Gosar’s legislation would simply remove federal restrictions and allow for the law of the states (in which such land is located) to govern firearms possession.
The Gosar amendment, modeled after the Recreational Lands Self-Defense Act (H.R. 1865) introduced by pro-gun Rep. Bob Gibbs (R-OH), is similar to a 2009 law repealing the gun ban on National Park Service land. Army Corps of Engineers land was not part of that bill, something the Corps was quick to point out after that law took affect.
The Corps said, in a statement: “Public Law 111-024 does not apply to Corps projects or facilities . . . [and the Army Corps] will continue to prohibit loaded concealed weapons on Corps properties regardless of the new law and notwithstanding any contrary provisions of state law.”
“The Recreational Lands Self-Defense Act is a bipartisan effort that seeks to correct this oversight and restore Second Amendment rights to law-abiding citizens while they are legally camping, hunting, and fishing on the 11.7 million acres of Army Corps recreational property,” Rep. Gibbs said.
Rep. Gosar notes that “this amendment will restore continuity to federal lands and ensure that constitutional rights are consistently protected.”
Nationally, the Army Corps of Engineers controls 400 lake and river projects, 90,000 campsites and 4,000 miles of trails. A vote on the Gosar amendment could come as early as Thursday.
He that committeth sin is of the devil; for the devil sinneth from the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil. - John I 3:8 (KJV)
Congress wants automatic wage deductions to pay down the debt - Pathetic Attempt Please Do Not Fall For This
Good Samaritan gets parking ticket when he left his car to help an elderly woman who had been run over
Airport scanners would not catch an implant bomber: Admission as officials announce 'more passenger interaction'
Categories: News, Real ID, Economy, The US Constitution, Elections, Take Action, laws, BuyAmerican, Illegal Immigration, Christian Information, Politics, Police State, Globalism, Climate Change / Global Warming, Technology, Abortion, Military, NAU/ NAC/ SPP, Socialism, Health, Home School, Obamanation
“Be a real American Warrior for gun rights and freedom. Join GOA and sign up as many members as you can.” — Ted Nugent
- Independence Day is now less than a month away, and Americans will soon be celebrating in grand style. Many will spend hundreds of dollars on fireworks — even driving hours away to buy “legal” fireworks from out-of-state.
Others will use the holiday to take their children plinking — exercising their time-honored right to keep and bear arms.
Well, Gun Owners would like to encourage you in these pursuits and remind you that one of the greatest gifts you can give your children is the continued freedom to own your firearms. And you can help preserve these rights by getting others to join GOA, the organization that one Congressman deemed “the pit bull of the Second Amendment.”
The $20 fee is a bargain, as you will be signing people up as members in the hardest-hitting gun lobby in Washington, DC, for about the cost of a box of ammo.
For about $1.50 a month, you will help further the gun rights organization — that in the past six months alone — has:
Spearheaded the effort to get the U.S. Constitution read on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives — for the first time in history;
Helped stave off an assault on the Senate filibuster, which has since been used (just recently) to defeat a radical, anti-gun judicial nomination;
You know that when it comes to elections, GOA has led the way in getting “freedom fighters” sent to Congress. For example, we were the only gun organization in Washington that backed Rand Paul for Senate. And, boy, are we glad we did, as he has already established himself as a champion for gun rights!
We also worked single-handedly (amongst national gun groups) to challenge Harry Reid, and we came within a whisker of defeating him in last year’s elections. Our opposition to him was recently justified (again) after he worked to defeat Senator Rand Paul’s “no gun registration” amendment which he offered to the PATRIOT Act. GOA helped Paul draft this amendment to keep the ATF from registering 4473’s (the form all purchasers fill out when they buy a firearm from a licensed dealer).
Also, in November of 2010, GOA was the ONLY national gun organization working to defeat Nancy Pelosi’s “Blue Dog” Democrats who were compromising your gun rights away. Our efforts were well worth it as we helped defeat over 30 Blue Dogs and reduced Pelosi to a minority status.
GOA does not compromise on Capitol Hill; and we do not compromise when it comes to getting good representation in the Congress.
So why not give your pro-gun family and friends a gift membership in Gun Owners of America? This would be a great gift for Independence Day or for someone’s birthday or anniversary.
You’ll be increasing the voice of the most active grassroots gun lobby that is constantly on the front lines defending your rights.
The more activists who, like you, send their e-mails and postcards to their legislators … the louder your voice becomes in the halls of Congress.
Once you click on the above link, fill in the information for your family members or friends. You can then print out a Gift Certificate which you can present to the recipients of your generosity.
Gun Owners of America (GOA) is a non-profit lobbying organization formed in 1975 to preserve and defend the Second Amendment rights of gun owners. GOA sees firearms ownership as a freedom issue. `The only no comprise gun lobby in Washington’ – Ron Paul
Man With Cerebral Palsy Sues Over Bogus Drunk Driving Arrest - They still wanted to prosecute him and urged him to plead guilty
Rand Paul, Supposed Defender Of Civil Liberties, Calls For Jailing People Who Attend ‘Radical Political Speeches’
GM chief pushing for higher gas taxes - Lets Boycott GM to nudge them towards not depending on taxpayer bailouts
Housing Prices Have Already Fallen More than During the Great Depression … How Much Lower Will They Go?
Categories: Welcome, News, Real ID, Economy, The US Constitution, Elections, Take Action, laws, BuyAmerican, Illegal Immigration, Christian Information, Politics, Police State, Globalism, Climate Change / Global Warming, Technology, Military, NAU/ NAC/ SPP, Socialism, Health, Home School, Obamanation
Your chance to comment on a Department of Homeland Security plan to tap into state drivers’ license databases and create a new national ID system expires next week. It’s the groundwork for a cardless national ID, which threatens liberty even more than card-based schemes like REAL ID.
The E-Verify program’s move to merge federal background checks and state driver license data sets the stage for satisfying all three elements of a national ID. (Two years ago, I discussed what constitutes a national ID in some detail.) E-Verify has not satisfied these criteria up to now, but the pieces are coming together quickly.
First, it is national. That is, it is intended to be used throughout the country, and to be nationally uniform in its key elements. If its proponents have their way, E-Verify will indeed soon go national, a requirement on every employer to vet new workers past the federal government’s databases.
Second, its use is either practically or legally required. This is a judgment call, but in two diferent ways, E-Verify appears to meet this element. First, not having data in the E-Verify databases means not having legal work, so “participation” in E-Verify can be fairly called practically required. Second, try to opt out of the system and you will meet a dead end. The program includes no opportunity I know of to refuse participation. It’s legally required if the state or federal governments have got your identity data.
I could be wrong, of course. Interested researchers should try contacting their state motor vehicle bureaus (cc: your state legislators) and ask not to have data about you transferred to the federal government for E-Verify. Please let me know what you learn.
The final “element” of a national ID is that it is used for identification. Up to now, E-Verify has largely worked by comparing identifiers. (I.e., Does this name match this Social Security number?) The current plan is to tap into state databases for more identifiers: name, date of birth, driver’s license/permit number, and so on. From there, it’s a short ride to gathering drivers’ license photos and biometric descriptors. (E-Verify already uses federally acquired photos in its “Photo Screening Tool.&#8221 With the inclusion of your driver’s license photo, the E-Verify system will be able to display your picture on the screen of anyone who looks you up, allowing for positive identification.
This is a national identification system. If every employer has to use E-Verify—or even every major employer—it will become the all-purpose security device, used for cashing checks, confirming the name on credit cards, and looking you up at the prescription counter. Of course, it will be used at airport checkpoints. You’ll be screened through E-Verify at entrances to government buildings—maybe private buildings, too. And why not for random, “instant” checks at the subway or bus station?
Just remember: If you have a tax dispute with the government, the Department of Homeland Security might flag you in the database—or it might de-identify you entirely—until you get right with the government.
Because it’s a database system, you won’t be able to argue your case like you can in the familiar card environment. With a card, at least, you can say, “No, look. This is me. This is my ID card. This is my picture. Give me my prescription.” With E-Verify, the answer will be, “Sorry, you have to talk to DHS or Social Security.” For good reason, I named my paper on electronic employment eligibility verification, “Franz Kafka’s Solution to Illegal Immigration.”
Arguments for the E-Verify system sounding in practicality and common sense do not hold up, but there are also principled reasons to oppose having a government background check system. Using E-Verify, the Department of Homeland Security is rapidly assembling a national ID system that can be converted to boundless uses. In addition to controlling employment, E-Verify can be put to use in regulating access to health care and housing, in gun control and registration, in monitoring travel and lodging—the list goes on and on.
I went through the arguments against having a national identification system in my book, Identity Crisis. In brief, a national ID would strip us of privacy even faster than is already happening, producing formal dossiers and increased surveillance. A national ID would transfer power en masse from individuals to governments. They would administer our rights by controlling the tools we need to navigate a “papers, please” society. A national ID would also be insecure, as it centralizes and homogenizes information assets (identity data) that are more secure if widely dispersed and heterogeneous.
As I noted last week, the federal government cannot and will not implement the REAL ID Act. So it’s on a new tack: E-Verify will soon be the new national ID.
"It's official: America is now a police state with the help of the liberal mainstream media" by Waging Peace
Rep. Fattah Calls on the President for an Order to Spur Domestic Manufacturing by Government Contractors
MAG begins U.S. manufacturing/sales of c-Si solar panel production lines with capacities up to 130 MWp
Jude Law's High Court lawsuit against News of the World 'phone hackers' will be compensation test case
The University of Kentucky has fired a graduate student and former anesthesia technician, Michael Mitchell, for keeping a gun in his car a mile away from the university hospital where he was employed.
The university then proceeded to try to deny Mitchell unemployment compensation by claiming, unsuccessfully, that he was fired for misconduct. A hearing officer found against the University of Kentucky and in favor of Mitchell.
All this, despite the fact that Mitchell had a Kentucky concealed carry permit, believed he had fully complied with Kentucky law governing concealed carry, and therefore cooperated fully with police and university authorities.
And finally, Kentucky Revised Statutes sec. 27.020 seems to prevent a state institution like the University of Kentucky from interfering with the Second Amendment rights of a concealed carry permit holder. That section holds, in part, that “[n]o person or organization, public or private, shall prohibit” a concealed carry permit holder from transporting a firearm in his vehicle in accordance with law.
The answer is that it’s probably not much different from many Left-leaning universities. After all, Virginia Tech fought hard and successfully to keep guns off its campus – nearly a year, to the day, before a crazed gunman killed 31 people on that campus.
Mitchell appealed a ruling from Fayette Circuit Court Judge Pamela Goodwine, who dismissed his suit against the University of Kentucky because its anti-gun animus “was not a violation of public policy.”
Judge Goodwine claims to have read U.S. Supreme Court language concerning “exceptions” to the Second Amendment. This language is called “dictum” and is non-binding.
But Goodwine seems to have missed the point of the Supreme Court’s decision in Heller: Americans have a constitutional right to use firearms to defend themselves.
Kentucky concealed carry permit holders aren’t a problem in America. Rather, the problem is liberal anti-gun institutions who want to disarm their students and employees -– at the same time that they are adamantly incompetent in their efforts to protect persons on their property.
Mitchell appealed directly to the Kentucky Supreme Court, which voted 5-2 to hear his appeal. A win in this lawsuit will end the illegal and discriminatory practice on the university.
ACTION: Our friends at Kentucky Coalition to Carry Concealed (KC3) have set up a fund for Michael Mitchell’s legal defense. Please visit https://www.kc3.com/donation.php to contribute to this important cause. Any contribution, however small, to this effort to fight on behalf of the Second Amendment would be appreciated.
For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end. Jeremiah 29:11(KJV)
Royalty attend party at Buckingham Palace while the Middletons hold a bash for friends at nearby hotel LET THEM EAT CAKE
2014 Moto Guzzi California 1400 Touring Road Test Lights, chrome, action! The California 1400 Touring offers a classic style, good wind protection, bagger convenience and plenty of comfort. Photo Credit: Scott Hirko September 4, 2013 Flashback to 1970. Richard Nixon is in the White House, American troops are in Vietnam and the AMC Gremlin is in dealerships. Little known in the U.S. at the time, Moto Guzzi captures a slice of the lucrative police market with a full-dress version of the Eldorado 850, which was more powerful, more maneuverable, lighter and less expensive than the dominant police bike at the time, the Harley-Davidson FLH ( Retrospective . October 2012). A civilian version, ...
Moto Guzzi 850 T3 Warren L Mutz tried to buy a BMW but they wouldn’t sell one to him, so he ended up with a Moto Guzzi T3. And a blister on his toe. uz 1979 I was determined to add a European touring bike, a brand new BMW, to my shed. I lived in New York then, about 35 miles north of New York City. I rode my Harley to the local BMW dealer; I had a good job, money in the bank and a cash deposit in my pocket. After wandering around the showroom for about 45 minutes with no one inside except the sales staff and me, it became obvious that none of the sales staff were willing to wait on someone like me. So in frustration I got back on my Harley and rode south to the local Moto Guzzi dealer, ...
Custom Moto Guzzi Dashboard by Vin Heron for webBikeWorld Since buying my Jackal I had really missed the benefits of a tacho and as it was my first Guzzi, I could only go by the sound and feel of the engine to tell me whether or not it was happy with the revs I was using during changing up or down the box – I did not have a clue as to what those revs actually were. OK, I wasn’t doing clutchless racing changes all over the place, and my lap times to the local bikers meet were not really a consideration, but still, I was determined to fit a tachometer to see what was going on in the noisy bit. I also really wanted an analogue clock for use when touring (I was late a couple of times last ...
Pārdošanā: 1973 Moto Guzzi 750 AHMRA Racer Posted on June 30, 2011 by tad For all the interest I have in getting my body out onto a racetrack to hone my skills on a modern 600cc sportbike, those bikes all seem like such… appliances. I’ve ridden a few and I know they’re fast and I know they’re reliable. bet, once you get past the nearly insane levels of performance available, they seem sort of bland. Soulless. I think that’s the major attraction for me: I wouldn’t care about thrashing one half to death. That’s when I start to think, “Hey, you know what would be a cool machine to race? A vintage BMW sidecar rig!” But I can never seem to find anyone crazy enough ...
Your message has been sent! CHECK OUT THE SEAT FROM LE PERA, PINKY CHARITY BIKE EVENT SHUT DOWN, RSD ON DISPLAY, SCOTT JACOBS LENDS A HOLIDAY SPIRIT A HAND, WIN A WARLOCK GUITAR FROM LITA FORD, KRAWIEC READY TO BATTLE FOR A SECOND NHRA TITLE AT POMONA, BAGGER PARTS TOUR PACK STORAGE RACK FROM BIKERS CHOICE, BARN FIND EDSEL AND THAT IS ALL YOU GET FROM US. EDSEL DEAL OF THE WEEK– So I decided to sell my 1960 Edsel ranger 2 door sedan. It’s 1 of only 777 ever made. I purchased it from a collector find I just dont have time opportunity for it. I have the paperwork for it but the tags are not at the moment up to date. It was a barn find when I got it, all orig and still is. I got ...
apraksts: Einstein was a Moto Guzzi Tourer power. Now the revamp the Norge to build on traditions of the house. It’s about time. While Stelvio, Griso and 1200 Sport can boast several years of the four-valve engine from Moto Guzzi labored calculated the travel steamer Norge still from the old two-valve engine – although it is currently in a fully loaded truckload strong pulling power and lots of steam very welcome. But better late than never. The 90th Anniversary of the Italian brand gets the Norge now the latest drive of the house that presents itself even freshly redesigned, with new valves and cam shafts, including oil cooler, larger exhaust and improved engine management. The distinctive ...
Moto Guzzi MGS-01 Corsa Wins at Daytona Gianfranco Guareschi rode the stunning Moto Guzzi MGS-01 to two race wins during the annual Bike Week held at the International Speedway, Daytona Beach, in Florida, one of the most spectacular and legendary motor races in the US, and a crucial event in the AHRMA Modern Road Race Classes championship calendar. The victories come just a few days before the legendary Italian marque’s 85th anniversary. The Formula 1 class of the BOT (Battle of Twins) race is for motorcycles with no limitations on engine displacement or modifications. Yet that still wasn’t enough to stop Guareschi’s completely standard Moto Guzzi MGS-01 Corsa from taking first place ...
Moto G Deals The new Moto G from Google / Motorola is an exceptional smartphone that comes with an even better price tag. Built with one of the sharpest 4.5″ HD display in its class, all-day battery, quad-core speed, Android 4.3 (KitKat coming soon) and interchangeable backs to customize your phone this phone is a true contender in the smartphone market place. Product Description Motorola has been around for ages and known for its sharp design aesthetics and high powered handsets. The Moto G is no exception. It comes packed with features and amazing specs at a very affordable price. Design and Display At 4.5 inches of crystal clear display, the Moto G will bring a smile to your face. ...
0804_crup_14_z+honda_aero+front_tire.jpg Once upon a time a 750cc bike was considered the big leagues, and almost every oem made one. uz 1988 there were five cruiser models between 675 cc and 825 cc and only 24 that were larger. uz 2008 there are seven bikes in the smaller category and 92 larger than 825 cc. But don’t be fooled-the last of the 750s are only small on the scale. representing the traditional side of the cruiser aesthetic is the Honda shadow Aero. similar in appearance to a Harley-Davidson softail Deluxe, the shadow boldly proclaims its status as a classic cruiser, starting with the ubiquitous V-twin engine, big swoopy fenders, wire-spoke wheels and tank-top instrument cluster, ...
Whoa. So, the hens were going crazy, which made me go to the back window to see what was happening. And there! A giant hawk! I have never seen one in the city before. My hopes are that it is st-hawk-ing the voracious and destructive rabbit, but I am afraid that it has its eyes on poor little Ilka.
gartencontainer living in a city often means dealing with a lack of space particularly yard space gartencontainer mittelstetten.
Oswald Chambers, an early 20th century Scottish minister and teacher whose teachings on the life of faith and abandonment to God have endured to this day. Follow his devotionals.
The daily devotional thoughts published in Our Daily Bread help readers spend time each day in God’s Word.
You Version has 50+ different plans, with options for customization and support to help you stay on track. See what God reveals to you when you spend time in Scripture each day.
Cellula - beautifully cut Swarovski crystals draped over a polished aluminum base will enhance and add a sophisticated look to any room. Cellula is a fusion of traditionally cut crystals blended with a contemporary design to create dramatic lighting effects for a unique, stylized environment. The harmony of light and crystal breathes life and energy into your space. Cellula is available in 6 widths to suit your needs as well as 3 sconce sizes. Available in all clear crystal or your choice of 4 different colors combined with clear including red, blue, green or amber. Clear, white or black electrical wire.
The lamp head and the ceiling cup are made completely of mouth―blown glass. The translucent colour provides the pendulum lamp with its own character of "volume" combined with transparency.
This entry was posted in Female and tagged PIL, selingkuh, Wanita, wanita selingkuh by hasyim. Bookmark the permalink.
A double yolk! I remember that this happened once with our last batch of hens, early on in the season like this. Their bodies must be figuring out how everything works.
gartencontainer could work for pallets with broken cross boards but intact frames garten container metall.
@chestersnickers wrote: I want to share with you my TB box I bought ( actually my DH paid for it ) at the Vienna Christmas Fair .
This was my nicest present, for St. Nicholas day in Vienna (together with some beads from Heidis shop !) I got myself.
I would love to know where (i read it is a german online shop, but dont know each) that sells that original trollbeads jewelry box, that i read about reffered at as the villa. i really loved it, and think it would be great to rearrenge by jewelry! it looks big, is it really? or it just gained weight on the picture?
The TB German box it is sold by Steffans in UK (online)-http://www.steffans.co.uk/trollbeads-ultimate-collectors-case-schmuckvitrine-c-631-pr-19173.html
Make a forum | Nature and Escape | Decoration | © phpBB | Free forum support | Contact | Report an abuse | Forumotion.com
Here at The Beagle School, we follow The Creative Curriculum philosophy. Our goal is to help children become enthusiastic, self-motivated learners through play-based activities. We believe this kind of education encourages children to be active and creative explorers who are not afraid to try out their own ideas and to think their own thoughts. These skills will help them become successful not only at The Beagle School but throughout their lives. Our preschool program offerings reflect this emphasis on a play based curriculum.
This curriculum identifies goals in the following areas of development: Social/Emotional, Cognitive, Physical, and Language, and encourages children to develop and grow in many areas.
Camp Beagle is a fun, theme-based program for 3-5 year olds. Our camp day is a relaxed and fun time where children get to learn, discover, and PLAY. Activities include: stories, arts and crafts, music and movement, and lots of outdoor play. Children bring in their own snack for the day. Please note that Camp Beagle is a peanut and tree nut free camp and snack choices should be made accordingly. Children must be toilet trained to attend Camp Beagle.
Our preschool summer camp has three options: a two day, three day or five day program. The two day program will meet Tuesday/Thursday and the three day program will meet Monday/Wednesday/Friday. The five day program will meet all week. All programs run 9:00-12:00. You may choose which weeks you would like your child to attend. Camp begins the week of June 4th and will run through the week of August 13th. Camp will be closed the week of July 2nd.
Registration begins for current families on February 12th and opens to the public on February 28th. Applications, your non-refundable payment, and all camp documents (medical form, allergy form, emergency pick up form, and proof of immunizations [if not a current student]) must be returned to 115 Regent Street, Saratoga Springs, NY 12866. All documents can be found in the links below. Registration is first come, first served and can fill up quickly. Please call 518-587-7507 to confirm program availability. Please note all camp payments are non refundable due to cancellation.
I’ve been overseeing brand marketing and communications strategy for Engel & Völkers since late 2016. With this company, I’m helping to grow a well-established, luxury real estate brand from Europe into the Americas, which is a very unique and exciting opportunity. With approximately six years of real estate franchise marketing experience, I’ve managed public relations, social media, internal communications, franchise marketing and event strategies for two of the newest brands on the real estate scene. That fresh approach to the industry is what I thrive on. Prior to this, I spent many years working for medium to large-sized PR agencies focusing on the promotion of some of the largest names in consumer goods, nutrition and spirits.
Breaking through the noise and realizing that you can’t be everywhere. Competition is fierce. That won’t go away. While it’s important to know what your competitors are doing, it can’t be a game of catch-up. Own who you are, understand your consumer, and evolve with them. Every touchpoint matters, especially in a service industry. Every moment counts.
Has the evolution of the marketing landscape changed the way you approach your marketing strategy and relationships with agency partners?
Absolutely. Gone are the days when your social, PR, digital and creative teams are working in silos. It’s all about collaboration. At one point in time, clients went to agencies because they were the biggest; now it’s about finding partners who are different, innovative and who will provide a bespoke experience based on your brand’s individual needs.
When I joined Engel & Völkers, I had the opportunity to re-evaluate our strategy and agency partners. As a younger brand, we needed a partner that was going to go beyond the motions and the glitz, but join us in the trenches. Mission Control Marketing is more than an agency, they are an extension of our team and our brand. They challenge us to think different, but stay true to who we are. There is no shortage of downright honesty between both sides. Their team consists of talented individuals, each of whom has speciality areas that complement the others, and they are all genuinely great to work with. (except the CEO, he’s a pain in the ass).
There’s been a lot of debate in the advertising industry about benchmarking success through metrics (from impressions to media placements to Facebook ‘likes’). How do you judge success?
Metrics are important, to a point, as you always want to ensure you are exceeding previous years’ results. However, quality of content, distinction and telling your story to the right audience is what moves the mark. To simply rely on numbers is doing an injustice to your marketing dollars. I’d rather have five editorial media features in the right outlets and 15,000 Facebook followers who are industry influencers, versus 30 line mentions and 50,000 paid followers. Success is focusing on your brand’s key pillars, executing a content strategy around it, and maximizing your assets across all media platforms to support your sales strategy. Nothing beats validation from your industry and sphere of influence either. To hear, “I saw you featured in X publication” or “I’m hearing a lot about your brand now,” is that extra layer that makes you believe you are doing something right.
What do you think the biggest challenges for marketing professionals will be in the next five years? And how should they prepare?
The next “big thing” will always be on the horizon. Between more and more competitors, industry disruptors, new technologies and evolving media, it’s easy to get distracted. First and foremost, marketers have to understand the core of their business. What areas could be threatened and what characteristics can or will make you standout. Adapt your strategy around those notions, focus on what matters versus every new “innovation,” and stay true to your brand without being afraid to evolve with the times.
Cras mattis consectetur purus sit amet fermentum. Integer posuere erat a ante venenatis dapibus posuere velit aliquet. Aenean eu leo quam. Pellentesque ornare sem lacinia quam venenatis vestibulum.
Australian Dollar - AUD British Pound Sterling - GBP Canadian Dollar - CAD Euro - EUR Indian Rupee - INR New Zealand Dollar - NZD US Dollar - USD
The dress featuring removable mesh skirt with pleated design. Round neckline. Sleeveless. Fabric: Polyester
Every year girls are excited and confused to opt for what styles for the prom dresses, which is one of the most important events in high school. Every girl wants to become the center of the night as well as the queen.
However, there are so many styles of cheap prom gowns with popular designs and latest styles and girls are usually do not know to choose the best one that suits her most. After discussing with my friends when selecting our attires, we find some useful rules that for girls who are confused in prom occasion.
Tips1: The first thing is you should know what style suits you best, that is to say, you should know your body type. Everyone has the outstanding part that need highlight and a problem part that should be hidden. If you want to show off your beautiful shoulders and arms, a strapless style is the right choice, and this is just an example. Most girls prefer to A-line style when they choose their formal evening dresses. It is quite right because A-line style flatters almost every body type.
Tips2: The second thing you should care about is the basic information of the event. Actually each formal has a theme and what you wear should match with the theme. For example, you cannot wear a stunning cocktail dress to a traditional event that others are wear long flowing evening gowns. So before opting for what you wear, make sure the theme of the occasion.
Tips3: Now it is time to consider fabric and color. Formal occasion is an event that needs girls to talk, walk, even dance, so choose the fabric that will make you comfortable. And then you should think about the color. What you choose should match with your skin tone and hair color as well as the whole atmosphere of the whole occasion. Girls with fair skin prefer to pastel colors, such as pinks, light yellows and blues, while girls with darker skins look very beautiful in classic colors, like white, black and silver.
Leverage is the use of borrowed funds to acquire assets. During periods of rising income, the use of borrowed funds can magnify the increases in returns of a company.
Leverage measures the use of debt to finance a company’s assets. Although leverage is a major concern for bondholders, who use leverage ratios to determine the level of debt and the servicing of the contractual payments of interest and principal, leverage is also important for common stockholders.
By increasing the use of debt financing, a company can increase its returns to shareholders. Table 10–7 shows how returns for a company can increase through the use of leverage (debt financing). This example illustrates how both the return on equity and the earnings per share can be increased from 14 to 21 percent and from $1.40 to $2.10, respectively, by increasing the use of debt financing from 0 to 50 percent of its total assets.
This increase occurs for two reasons. First, the company can earn more than the 10 percent cost of borrowing. Second, the interest payments are a tax-deductible expense. The federal government bears 30 percent (the tax rate used in this example) of the cost of the interest payments (30 percent of $50, which is $15).
Because the use of debt increases the return to shareholders as well as the earnings per share, why should shareholders be so concerned about the level of debt that a company uses to finance its assets? The answer is that the more debt a company takes on, the greater is its financial risk and the cost of servicing its debt. If a downturn in sales takes place, the company might have difficulty making its interest payments. This situation can lead not only to defaulting on a loan and, ultimately, to declaration of bankruptcy but also to significantly reduced returns to shareholders and earnings per share. Whenever a company increases the amount of its debt, the costs of raising additional debt issues increase, which means that the company must earn more than the cost of its borrowing or it will not see the benefits of leverage. When the level of debt reaches the point where the earnings on the assets are less than the costs of the debt, the return on equity and the earnings per share will decline.
For common stock investors, a highly leveraged company often indicates that great risk occurs, which requires a greater rate of return to justify the risk. This increase in the required rate of return could have a negative effect on the share price. The use of leverage increases the value of the stock when the level of debt used is not perceived as adding a great amount of risk to the company.
All companies use different amounts of leverage, and some industries typically use more than others. Industries that require large investments in fixed assets, such as oil companies, airlines, and utilities use a higher percentage of debt to finance their assets. Banks typically also use large amounts of debt because deposits finance their assets; this leverage results in large fluctuations in the banking industry’s earnings whenever slight fluctuations in revenues occur.
When you are considering the leverage of one company, compare it with the typical leverage for the industry. Investors should look at a company’s debt and coverage ratios to see the extent of its borrowing and its ability to service the debt.
The debt ratio measures a company’s use of debt as a percentage of total assets. The debt ratio indicates how much of the financing of the total assets comes from debt.
Compare the debt ratio with the average of the industry to get a better feeling for the degree and extent of the company’s leverage. Acompany with a large debt ratio becomes increasingly vulnerable if a downturn in sales or the economy occurs, particularly in the latter case if it is a cyclical company.
When you examine a company’s financial statements, you should always check the footnotes to see whether any debt has been excluded from the balance sheet. If a company does not consolidate its financial subsidiaries into its financial statements, any debt the parent company is responsible for is reported in the footnotes to the financial statements.
The debt-to-equity ratio measures a company’s use of debt as a percentage of equity. The debt-to-equity ratio is computed by dividing the total debt by the company’s shareholders’ equity. The higher the ratio, the greater is the level of financing provided by debt, and the lower the ratio the greater is the level of financing provided by shareholders. This ratio is similar to the total debt ratio.
The coverage ratio is a measure of a company’s ability to service its debt commitments (cover its interest payments). The times interest earned ratio measures a company’s coverage of its interest payments. It is calculated as follows:
For example, if a company has a times interest earned ratio of 1.12, you would want to know how much leeway the company has with a downturn in its earnings before interest and taxes before it will not have sufficient earnings to cover its interest payments. You compute the margin of safety of the coverage ratio as follows:
The company’s EBIT can fall by only 10.71 percent before the earnings coverage is insufficient to service its debt commitments.
Il sapore del Fantaisie è veramente particolare. E’ semplicissimo da preparare per la presenza di soli due ingredienti, questo cocktail vi farà comprendere che basta veramente poco per aggiungere dell’ “arte” ad un vino semplice. Ideale vicino ad un dolce secco tipo i cantuccini o come fine pasto.
Engine layout is an in-line three-cylinder, four-stroke design. ni 2002 the maximum horsepower was increased from 108 bhp to 118 bhp at 9,100 Rpm; max torque is 74 ft-lb at 5,100 Rpm. Total engine displacement is 955 cubic centimeters, or 58 onigun inches.
Compression ratio is 12 to 1, while the bore by stroke is 3 inches by 2.6 inches. To better control heat, the engine utilizes liquid cooling. The starter is electric. Valve arrangement is a dual overhead camshaft design.
The transmission is chain driven and has six speeds. Top speed is 150 mph, and average fuel consumption is 42 miles per gallon.
The total length is 83 inches, width is 29 inches and height is 46 inches. Total dry weight is 440 lbs. The power per weight ratio is 0.6 hp per kg.
Seat height is 31.7 inches at the lowest setting, and the wheelbase is 58 inches. Total fuel capacity is 5.15 ládugbó. The front brake uses two 12.6-inch disc brakes, and the rear uses a single 10-inch disc brake.
Triumph Sprint RS Specs. awọn Triumph Sprint RS, manufactured between 1999 ati 2005, didn’t sell in large numbers, but was a relative.
Sprint ST 1050 Specs. The Sprint ST 1050 is a sports bike that is produced by Triumph Motorcycles Ltd. a company that.
British made Triumph motorcycles have a worldwide following. As with all types of commercial motor vehicle, Triumphs come with a vehicle identification.
Specifications for the Triumph Sprint ST. The Triumph Sprint ST is a sport touring motorcycle that is at home equally on the.
Triumph Thunderbird Sport Specifications. The Triumph Thunderbird motorcycle has been manufactured since 1949, starting with the Thunderbird 6T, conceived by English.
1967 Triumph Trophy Specs. Introduced in 1956, the Triumph Trophy was well-suited to off-road use. Bikes of that era were not highly.
2007 Triumph Tiger 1050 Specs. The Triumph Tiger sport touring motorcycle made its debut in 1994 and was one of Triumph’s most.
Triumph Sprint Exhaust Tips. To find the correct exhaust tip for your Triumph Sprint, measure the outside diameter of your tailpipe. Use.
2005 Triumph Tiger Specs. awọn 2005 Triumph Tiger 955i was the third revision of Triumph’s popular, three cylinder, dual-sport motorcycle, first introduced.
Harley Sprint Specifications. In the 1960s and ’70s, U.S. manufacturer Harley-Davidson imported some Italian Aermacchi bikes and sold them under the Harley.
Triumph Herald Specifications. The Triumph Herald appeared on Britain’s streets in 1959 and matched the Italian styling skills of Michelotti to old-fashioned.
The Chilton Subaru repair manual suggests that the engine oil in the Subaru Impreza 2.5 RS engine be changed every 3000 miles.
Have the exhaust pipes on your Triumph Scrambler lost their shiny chrome luster, replaced by a purplish-blue sheen? While some motorcyclists view.
Triumph’s Sprint ST sport-touring motorcycle is quite capable of wearing its tires down to the core, thanks to its voracious appetite for.
Chevy Sprint ER Metro Specs. Borrowing a Suzuki design and retooling it as an American car, Chevrolet offered one of the earliest.
Ford’s SVT branch has produced a long series of hyper-powerful vehicles. Most famous is the long-lasting SVT Cobra Mustang. sibẹsibẹ, the branch.
Igbeyewo KTM Duke 690 2012: Burú Mono Culture July 7, 2012 | ẹsun labẹ: KTM | Pipa nipasẹ: Rao Ashraf The KTM Duke 690 evolves significantly ni 2012. ...
For almost a century, the U.S. military has been a pioneer in the field of using aptitude tests to evaluate an individual’s potential for service. The organization also uses the test to determine aptitude for various military occupational specialties (MOS). The use of aptitude tests began during World War I. While the group-administered Army Alpha test measured verbal and numerical ability as well as general knowledge, the Army Beta test was used to evaluate illiterate, unschooled and non-English speaking volunteers and draftees. The Army and Navy General Classifications Tests replaced the Alpha and Beta tests as a means to measure cognitive ability during World War II. The results of these tests, as well as additional classification exams, were used to assign recruits to a particular MOS.
The General Science section of the test covers earth, space, and physical and life sciences. Because science is such a vast and dynamic topic, focus your study on basic principles. This gives you a good foundation to work through any question that is asked of you. Typical questions may include: “Why is air less dense than water?” or “How do you convert Celsius temperature to Fahrenheit?” The CAT-ASVAB test asks 16 questions in 8 minutes, while the pencil-and-paper version asks 25 questions in 11 minutes.
Park Captures Third buy of 2018Sung Hyun Park fired a last circular 4-beneath par, 68 to share the lead with Lizette Salas at 23-beneath to conclusion regulation on Sunday. the two headed to No. 18 for a surprising death playoff. It took only 1 gap for the Republic of Korea native to defeat Salas and earn her third victory of the season at the Indy ladies in Tech Championship driven by way of group 1001.
Park, who become the primary participant to assume the Rolex Rookie of the 12 months and Rolex participant of the 12 months awards within the equal 12 months on account that Nancy Lopez performed the feat in 1978, is projected to take over essentially the most prestigious title of them all. The existing world No.four is projected to overtake Ariya Jutanugarn at No. 1 within the Rolex girls’s World Golf Rankings following her prefer in Indianapolis. It’s a position Park held once before for every week in November 2017.
She become the fourth Korean player to attain No. 1 within the historical past of the rankings Jiyai Shin, Inbee Park, So Yeon Ryu, Sung Hyun Park when she held the position in 2017. handiest 13 gamers have reached No. 1 given that the rankings debuted in February 2006.
It changed into no longer the influence that Lizette Salas desired however she should still be happy together with her play over https://www.asia7poker.com/ the last four days in Indianapolis.
Salas had a lot of positives to take away this week and can head into subsequent week’s CP women’s originate intelligent she’s taking part in neatly and cozy together with her online game.
“I fought from day one. I have no idea, I played greater than what I anticipated, without doubt. It simply shows that i am a fighter, I do not quit,” spoke of Salas. “I wasn’t intimidated by means of my enjoying companions hitting it past me. I knew my online game would communicate for itself.”
“And just I stuck with positives; I stuck with my game plan. And a couple putts could have dropped, however you simply received to roll it. And, yeah, i’m just definitely proud of myself for keeping — preserving affected person and staying focused. And so, yeah, lots of positives.”
Sung Hyun Park is a “tough competitor” according to Salas. She knew she had to persist with her game as a way to beat her in the playoff.
“I just — I caught with my instincts, I caught with what — what strong components of my video game I had. and i could have long past for it with driver, but i was relaxed with three-wood. and that i gave myself a pretty good quantity. I gave myself an opportunity,” defined Salas.
“And hitting it within the rough on 18 in regulation, I may have freaked out, I might have executed a lot of other issues, however I stayed patient, and that i hit the shot i wanted. And all I might ask for is a chance, and i know that sounds — I comprehend it sounds – yes, cliche, however this is how you catch golf tournaments. You got to give your self opportunities. and i became given, and i simply — it didn’t drop, and it wasn’t my time. So simply obtained to go again to work and have per week off to stay with my household. and i should be again, though, for bound.”
She’s not complaining about a runner-up finish; she sees the momentum it offers her heading into the relaxation of the season.
“I form of gave myself a bit time off in the middle, so my batteries are recharged. I consider this week is going to — doubtless going to have a chip on my shoulder just to prove to myself that I could acquire once more. and that i had the video game,” spoke of Salas.
“I actually have been out here seven years, and i feel like i can play for seven more. and i’m not as younger as i used to be, but i will still cling in there and play with these gals. And my confidence is there. And this may draw me again a bit bit, but i’m going to — i’m going to upward thrust to the challenge once again, and that i should be again, for certain.”
Brooke Henderson became only aiming for a 6-beneath today however hit the gasoline early with a birdie on her opening gap adopted via birdies on four, six, seven and nine to make the turn at 5-below.
the realm No.16 acquired off to a fast launch and talked about she turned into trying to make further birdies on the lower back 9 to keep her foot on the gas.
“i was capable of do that,” mentioned Henderson. “To shoot minus 9, sixty three, I feel is my lowest round all year, so i am definitely chuffed. and i in reality shot up the leaderboard, so or not it’s at all times a good signal.”
It’s excellent timing for Henderson to put together a top circular forward of a trip back to Canada next week for the CP girls’s start.
“Yeah, it be truly good to have momentum going again there, and truly may be an exhilarating week,” referred to Henderson. “So i am looking forward to getting returned and being with the native land crowd, and optimistically have a pretty good week up there.”
“Regina is tremendous far-off from where I truly are living, but at the same time the entire Canadians form of cheer for every Canadian, and it be sort of a distinct bond that they have got with the entire Canadian players out right here on the LPGA tour, so that they will actually be cheering a whole lot for us,” said Henderson.
GREENSBORO, N.C. AP — Brandt Snedeker begun the Wyndham Championship with historical past – and ended it with a victory.
Snedeker earned his ninth PGA Tour title Sunday, three days after opening with an 11-below fifty nine.
He closed with a 65 for a three-stroke victory within the standard-season finale, breaking a tie with C.T. Pan on the ultimate hole with a birdie and Pan’s double bogey in the neighborhood ahead.
Snedeker complete at 21-beneath 259 for his first pick for the reason that 2016 and his second on the tournament, however first at Sedgefield country membership, to close what he referred to as ”essentially the most traumatic week I’ve ever had in professional golf.”
”shooting 59 on Thursday, your expectations go during the roof,” Snedeker pointed out, also expressing satisfaction that he could ”cap it off the manner we did these days, to play exquisite plenty a flawless round of golf.”
”I feel like it become a circular I needed to make a push to the leaderboard,” Simpson stated. ”Brandt’s surely had a fine week … so I knew it changed into going to recall something tremendous low.”
Snedeker opened the event with the 59 that made him the first tour player this yr and just the 10th ever to ruin 60, then on the final day performed 29 holes at 5 below to seal it. he’s the fifth tour player to shoot in the 50s after which choose the tournament.
He was under no circumstances in hazard of missing the playoffs for the primary time in his profession, but the victory gave him a massive leap on the elements checklist. He climbed 50 spots to No. 30 on the listing, https://www.indo7poker.com/ after arriving at eightieth – which would have been his lowest finish.
”To be perfectly frank, I did not have any possibility at all” to occupy the FedEx Cup before this week, the 2012 playoff champion mentioned. ”After this week, I believe like I actually have a chance.”
For ages, it gave the look of it may come right down to a playoff between Pan and Snedeker, who had been even at 20 below getting into Pan’s last hole.
but the 26-12 months-historical from Taiwan bumped into massive main issue: Pan shanked his tee shot out of bounds off a cart path down the appropriate facet of the green and crucial four photographs, including the penalty stroke, to attain the eco-friendly on the par 4.
”it be my fault. i will gain knowledge of whatever from it,” he said. ”I best performed one gross hole, which is magnificent. You comprehend, I’ve nevertheless acquired a lot of golf left.”
With the victory seemingly inevitable at that point, Snedeker sank a 20-foot birdie putt on the 18th to conclusion it, making him the tenth player to select in Greensboro numerous instances. His victory right here in 2007 became the primary of his profession, and this time he entire one stroke shy of Henrik Stenson’s 12 months-historic tournament checklist.
”wanting so desperately to capture this match, it became just a lot of emotion this week,” he talked about.
extreme climate led organizers to droop the third circular with 30 avid gamers nevertheless on the path and convey everybody again to Sedgefield on Sunday morning, leaving Snedeker with 29 holes to play on the remaining day.
He wrapped up that round with a one-stroke lead at sixteen below earlier than heading lower back onto the path. given that the tournament moved right here in 2008, every third-round chief who became that some distance beneath par has gone on to retract.
The different subplot at Sedgefield is the closing-minute push for the playoffs, which begin next week on the Northern have confidence in New Jersey with the right a hundred twenty five gamers qualifying. With every player who turned into between Nos. 122-127 lacking the reduce, there figured to be a variety of circulate close the bubble.
Sergio Garcia will omit the playoffs for the first time in his profession after winding up 131st on the features record. Harris English and Nick Taylor performed their approach in, with Taylor saying he would ”form of soak it in and recognise that we have ultimately finished it.
Golf highlights: Brandt Snedeker eyes Ryder Cup slot after three-shot acquire at Wyndham Championship
4da1a46ec20cf93ee5c846a51e04f0ed.”C.T. put loads of drive on me. i was feeling it for four or five holes,” he observed after clinching his ninth Tour victory at the age of 37.
4da1a46ec20cf93ee5c846a51e04f0ed,it be probably the most stressful week I’ve ever had in knowledgeable golf, much more than the Ryder Cup.”
Snedeker had a target on his returned after opening with a 59, simplest the tenth sub-60 circular in PGA Tour history.
4da1a46ec20cf93ee5c846a51e04f0ed.”Your expectations go in the course of the roof,” he talked about. “i’m so proud of the way I hung in there.”
He adopted up with scores of sixty seven, sixty eight and sixty five to conclude at 21-below-par 259, whereas Pan 66 and Webb Simpson sixty two tied for 2nd on 18-under.
Pan turned into tied for the lead heading into https://www.indobetpoker.net/ the par-four 18th however his drive went out-of-bounds to end his challenge with a double-bogey.
4da1a46ec20cf93ee5c846a51e04f0ed.”it’s very unfortunate, but I consider i can gain knowledge of whatever thing from it,” talked about the 26-12 months-ancient.
4da1a46ec20cf93ee5c846a51e04f0ed.”here’s most effective my second year on tour and i’m nevertheless making an attempt to be trained from the most fulfilling gamers.”
Pan’s mishap afforded Snedeker the luxurious of needing simplest a bogey but he instead comprehensive in fashion with a birdie to complete the 2d wire-to-wire victory on tour this yr.
Reuters – Viktor Hovland of Norway described his week as “flawless” after becoming the first Scandinavian man to win the U.S. newbie Championship on Sunday.
Hovland on no account trailed en path to a comprehensive 6&5 recall over American Devon Bling within the 36-gap title decider at Pebble seaside adjacent to the California coast.
“You at all times dream, and i knew that once I’m on my video game i can pick, but I wasn’t going into the week with loads of self assurance,” Hovland talked about.
The 20-yr-old, who plays at Oklahoma State university, entered the championship ranked the quantity 5 novice on this planet.
Hovland trailed for under one gap in his six fits. He tied the record for fewest in shape play holes by way of a champion seeing that the latest structure of 5 18-hole rounds and a 36-gap last become adopted in 1979.
outdated winners of the U.S. novice encompass Tiger Woods, Phil Mickelson, Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer and Bobby Jones.
among Hovland’s rewards are a trip to subsequent year’s Masters at Augusta country wide and the U.S. begin, to be held on the same course the place he triumphed on Sunday.
Franciscan Friars Minor monk. Martyred by Calvinists for “papism” and his belief in the Real Presence in the Eucharist. One of the Martyrs of Gorkum.
Thank you, Rhoda and/or Golda and/or Orpa for lunch! (Only two of the hens are laying; but I don't know which of the aforementioned are, as those three all lay brown eggs. Ilka will give us little white eggs, but she is too stressed out right now I think, as Rhoda is very mean to her.)
This entry was written by Christine , posted on Tuesday August 14 2018at 09:08 am , filed under . Bookmark the permalink . Post a comment below or leave a trackback: Trackback URL.
Pre Movie Activity will begin at 7:30pm. Movie will start at approximately 8:15-8:30pm. Popcorn will be served prior to the start of the Movie and will end 1 half hour into the start of the Movie. Featured Movie will be Jumamji: Welcome to the Jungle!
Please join Mayor Carlo DeMaria and the City of Everett for our first Outdoor Summer Movie Night, at Everett Stadium on Friday, August 10th, from 7:30pm to approximately 10pm. Featured Movie will be Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle, enjoy Popcorn & other refreshments! (Popcorn, served prior to the start of movie and will end 1 half hour into the movie)
Monday and Thursday, 8 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. | Tuesday and Wednesday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. | Friday to Sunday: Closed | City Hall: 617-394-2270 | Fax: 617-381-1150
Students from new entrant to year 2 classes at Ardgowan School learnt about the Devil’s Bridge wetlands as part of a school-wide inquiry learning focus on sustainability. Take a look at their website and find out how they helped look after their local environment.
This whole school project was centred around the Labour Weekend Jubilee celebrations. The students wanted to understand the history of their school and to contribute some artwork that could be permanently displayed in the buildings as a way of commemorating the occasion.
With the construction of a new Performing Arts Centre early in 2007, the year 6 Gifted and Talented, term one, afternoon topic group decided it was a good time to take a closer look at their school environment. Explore their website and find out what they learnt.
The senior students from Five Forks School near Oamaru, have created a website containing information about their local area. This includes the church, the hall and the school.
A big thank you to those schools who have recently completed their projects and sent them in to us over the Christmas period.
As we received a large number of projects around the summer holidays we are taking a little longer than usual to get them live on the Living Heritage website. We are currently developing projects from Maheno School, Omarama School, Upper Moutere School and Mapua School’s junior and senior syndicates.
Thank you for all your hard work. We look forward to getting your projects live on the web as soon as possible.
Welcome to all of you who have recently registered new projects with Living Heritage. We're always looking for exciting additions to the site, and it would be great to showcase your projects. Please get in contact if you have any ideas or queries – we'd love to hear from you!
When including images for your project could you please resize them before adding them to your sites – preferably no larger than 400x300 pixels.
It is important that when you are doing your projects, or at the conclusion, you complete these pages of your sites also. Guidelines are given in the supporting material as to what to include here.
When your project is finished you need to fill in, sign, and send us the form which tells us that all permissions needed have been acquired and are being held at the school. We cannot publish your site until we have this assurance.
Remember support is only an email, telephone call, or videoconference away. If you've forgotten any of your details, email us or give us a call and we'll send them to you.
List of newsletters Issue 29: March 2013 Issue 28: April 2012 Issue 27: September 2010 Issue 26: June 2010 Issue 25: November 2009 Issue 24: October 2009 Issue 23: June 2009 Issue 22: August 2008 Issue 21: May 2008 Issue 20: February 2008 Issue 19: November 2007 Issue 18: October 2007 Issue 17: July 2007 Issue 16: January 2007
This is a collection of Living Heritage stories created by New Zealand students before September 2008. Use the filters below to search for a story by school name or level.
School name: all Aramoho School Ardgowen School Avondale School Awapuni School Bayswater Primary School Bellevue School Blockhouse Bay Primary Campbells Bay School Cannon's Creek School Central School Churchill Park School Clyde School Duntroon School Elmwood School Fitzroy School Five Forks School Franz Josef School Gulf Harbour School Hauraki School Kakanui School Ladbrooks School Mahana School Maheno School Makara Model School Mapua School Marcellin College Milford Primary School Motueka South School New Brighton Catholic School Newton Central School Northcote Intermediate Northland School Oamaru Intermediate Omarama School Otepopo School Our Lady of Lourdes School Palmerston School Queen Margarets College Raroa Normal Redbeach School Roxburgh Area School Selwyn House School St James School St Josephs School St Peter Chanel St Peters College Te Ara Whanui Te Kura Kaupapa o Te Ara Whanui Totara School Unlimited Paenga Tawhiti Upper Moutere Waipawa School Wairakei School Waitaki Valley School Wakari School Weston School Worser Bay School
Room 14 at Oamaru Intermediate wanted to help celebrate the 75th Jubilee of North Otago rugby. They brainstormed what they already knew about North Otago rugby, organised people to interview, composed and practised questions, collated all their information, and created this website.
St Joseph's School in Oamaru learned about their town's walkways. Their focus question was "In what way do the Oamaru walkways contribute to the well being of the community?" Each walkway is profiled and described, capturing elements of Oamaru's history along the way.
The Honeymoon Pool, also known as Te Kiri o Hinekai, is a healing pool that is a treasure to local people. It is set in the grounds of Wairakei Terraces, just north of Taupo, right beside the Wairakei geothermal field. The Year 6 ICT extension group of Wairakei Primary School have been researching the pool. Their website tells about the pool today, the pool in the past and how it is imagined the pool might be in the future. It also describes the restoration of the pool.
Room 6 at Oamaru Intermediate School decided to create a website to show the world the art and artists located in and around the historic precinct in Oamaru. The website records interviews that the students carried out with local artists and galleries, and shows pictures of some artists and their work.
This website is about the Palmerston North Public Library, from its origins as a 'reading room', to the occupation of an architecturally renowned building. This website endeavours to inform you of the cultural, economic, and social importance the library has had and continues to have in its community.
Elmwood Normal School in Christchurch has created a website about the student's observations and experiences as they tramped from Taylor's Mistake to Boulder Bay on the Banks Peninsula. The students shared their experiences through their writing and photographs as part of the Living Heritage initiative.
Campbells Bay Primary School in Auckland has created a website about the history of their school as part of the Living Heritage initiative. Users can discover a sample of the school's life through the decades, from the 1925 opening to the Year 2000. The website includes interviews with a past pupils, and images that reflect the changes that have occured over the years.
St Josephs School in Oamaru has created a website about the little blue penguin colony in Oamaru as part of the Living Heritage initiative. Visitors to the site can find out about little blue penguins, their diet, nesting, life at sea, and the penguin hospital.
Campbells Bay Primary School in Auckland has created a website about the history of Kennedy Park, as part of the Living Heritage initiative. Visitors to the site can trace the history of the park from when it was the site of Rahopara Pa over 350 years ago, to the role it played during World War II by having gun emplacements, to how today's local community use it as a recreational area.
Hunters Crossing is a residential subdivision of detached, single family homes built ca. 1988-1996. Homes range from approximately 1,200 to 2,400 sq. ft.
As my representative on the City Council, I am asking you to pass the Fair Wages for New Yorkers Act, Intro 251-A. With more than 1 in 5 New Yorkers now living below the poverty line, there is no better time than now to fight for common sense legislation that improves wages and ensures accountable development. New Yorkers want and deserve to know that public investment will result in living wage jobs for their communities. The real estate interests are saying a lot. But they are conveniently forgetting this bill would only apply to new, large, multi-use developments that receive large tax subsidies and that small businesses, nonprofits, manufacturing, and affordable housing projects are exempt from this bill. If you are a sponsor of the bill, we thank you for standing up for working families. We need living wages and we need them now. Thank you.
Despite a few signs of improvement, New York City’s economic outlook is for continued high unemployment for many months to come. Unfortunately, this will be the defining characteristic for many average New Yorkers.
When you factor in discouraged workers and those working only part time who want full-time work, the city’s real unemployment rate is 16 percent. For blacks and Hispanics, real unemployment is 21 percent. Half of the unemployed have been without jobs for more than six months.
The number unemployed is still more than double (375,000) what it was before the recession, and 40 percent of the unemployed do not receive unemployment insurance. The maximum weekly New York unemployment benefit has not been raised in over 10 years and is now lower than in all of our neighboring states.
Sustained high unemployment partially accounts for the dramatic disparity since 2007 in weekly earnings between managerial/professional and non-managerial/non-professional workers. In a forthcoming study from the Fiscal Policy Institute, we found that median weekly earnings for managers increased by 11 percent, while non-managers saw their weekly pay fall by 10 percent. Unless they are unionized, non-managers, who account for half of the local workforce, see a lot of their wage bargaining power erode when unemployment stays high for so long.
New York’s economy has a lot going for it and is more diversified than often believed, despite the large impact the finance sector has here. For most major economic sectors, output per worker in the city is well above the national average. The city will do well once a sustained national economic recovery gets underway. For that to happen, policymakers need to focus on spurring aggregate demand, averting economy-shrinking cuts in state budgets, and investing in productivity-enhancing infrastructure, particularly mass transit.
Also critical are measures to ensure that the fruits of productivity growth are broadly shared — data showing income polarization at its greatest since the eve of the 1929 crash demonstrate we haven’t been doing that, and that has been to our collective economic and social detriment.
The Obama stimulus package created or saved more than 80,000 jobs in New York City, pumping $16 billion into the local economy and helping to explain why the payroll job decline we’ve suffered turned out to be a lot less than once feared. The stimulus sent tens of millions of dollars to New York City laboratories through National Institutes of Health and National Science Foundation grants, provided $360 million in Pell grants to help low-income New Yorkers pursue their college dreams, and made possible $200 back-to-school allowances given last August to families on public assistance. There was also $1.7 billion in tax credits for working families. The stimulus package wasn’t the New Deal, but it helped put the brakes on an economy that was in free fall after the September 2008 financial meltdown.
One big challenge facing the city is to make sure that the jobs created here pay decent wages and benefits. Too many families struggle with poverty-wage jobs, and too much of our recent and projected job growth falls into that category. New York’s big businesses — the main beneficiaries of our high productivity economy — should be leading the way in ensuring that all businesses pay their workers an adequate wage. Needless to say, City Hall should be doing the same when it provides tax breaks or land use benefits to business.
Mom is doing a good job. Read the instinct is to squeal if not on mom so she comes to get it. Still hear a squeal now and then but she keeps baby close.
She peeked out of the washer when she heard baby cry. She got up later and didn't want to play or have treats and sat there sniffing and listening. She did eat later though.
Possibly the first photo of a tamandua eating her placenta. I put a white towel down when she was done for a nicer place to lay and check for bleeding which she wasn't.
WOW!!! That is so awesome! What an incredible experience for your whole house. I'm so happy she had the days of adjustment so that she feels more safe and comfortable in these new surroundings. You are so in tune with everyone and that makes life so much easier! Big hugs to momma Aurora and to princess Pua!
This site is great! It's very cool that you've had a successful birth and that you've shared it with the world!
I'm a student currently studying placentophagia with Dr. Michael Noonan at Canisius College (in Buffalo, NY). We hope to document exactly which species do, and which species do not, demonstrate placenta-eating following birth.
We are making a final push to obtain data on rare species and a Google search for "tamandua birth" led us here. If you could take a moment to answer a few of our questions, we would greatly appreciate it! If you'd prefer to email your response, please email tdivito(at)fau.edu.
If there are any other facts or anecdotes that you think we would find useful, please include them as well! Of course we will cite you as the source of any data you share with us!
The Livnat brothers' first disc. Original instrumental music, on the seam between melodic jazz and soft rock. A disc that was dedicated to their father, the late Arnon Livnat, a pilot who was killed in the Six Day War. Nine instrumental pieces and one song ('Dear Darkness,' lyrics by Ehud Manor). Musical production - the Livnat brothers / Associate producer - Eran Kacanelenbogen.
"...An excellent production. The beat section draws them along towards pop, refined rock, funk (the piece 'Hand Claps' represents funk and is well done), and reggae ('In The End We Spoke'). The record presents a contemporary view of instrumental music, especially in the American records market: an electro-accoustic combination, a sense of rhythm that is almost pop, clean and rounded sound production, and orderly arrangements positioned by a strong melodic foundation ... the soloists' efforts are excellent, as regards both technique and improvisations. Recommended." Dani karpel (Tel Aviv newspaper)
"The 'Ways' group is fashioning an original Israeli version of something between jazz and soft rock. A kind of very Israeli local sadness; their sound is very well thought out and beautiful" Yoav Kutner (Yedioth Ahronoth)
"...The compositions of Aviv and Arik Livnat are not complicated and one can easily fall in love with them at first hearing...a very powerful concept that 'Ways' has developed here....simple, melancholic, and whetting the appetite for another album that will shortly be released." Boaz Cohen (Hadashot)
"...Undeniably important talents. Arik Livnat is likely to be the saxophonist of the 90s if he continues to develop his rich tone and current ideas...He plays the flute with the same degree of self assurance and adapts the solo parts to suit the nature of the instrument and of the piece...His brother Aviv is an outstandingly masterful composer, and one of his pieces was even chosen to be played on the British TV program Panorama to do with the situation in the West Bank...It reminds me of the opening chords of TV series such as 'Bolmen,' which every jazz fan would like to hear again and again." Yossi Mar-Haim (Ha'ir)
gartencontainer how to grow tomatoes in upside down planters and actually get lots of fruit gartencontainer buchenbach.
Related Post of Winston salem state university admissions essay; Salem state university essay. Essay Writing Service UK Essay Writing in Canada Essay Writing. Salem state admissions essay editing. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Salem State offers 30 undergraduate and 50 graduate programs along with Transfer Admissions. Salem State University welcomes approximately writing, speaking. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing football athletes using resting state FMRI Northeast of Salem state admissions essay writing. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Salem state university admissions essay. Chick Categories Salem state admissions essay. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Related Post of Salem state admissions essay writing; Diderot essay; Broken appointment essays; Post navigation Salem State Admissions Essay, Essay on importance of computer education 150 words video Salem State Admissions Essay custom business plan writing services for. Salem state admissions essay for suny. May 16, Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Related Post of Winston salem state university admissions essay; Meharuba oppana essay. Salem State Admissions Essay salem state admissions Native american and european relations essay writing research Salem State. Salem State University Salem, MA: At A Literature Letters Creative Writing B English Language Explore key Salem State University information including. Contact Admissions; WSSU Open House; Academics. WSSU has joined leaders from five other WinstonSalembased colleges and universities WinstonSalem State. Creative Writing; Dance; Music; Theatre; Athletics; Arts; Student Involvement and Activities; Salem State is committed to our. Salem state admissions essay writing. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. we're one of the largest state universities Athletics; Arts; Student Involvement and Activities; Salem State is committed to our. Free plagiarism checker salem state college admissions essay. Salem state That is the reason why essay writing might take longer. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Related Post of Salem state admissions essay help; Car crash. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Salem state admissions essay for graduate. Salem state university admissions essay. May 16, 2017 by 0 Comments I was totally stressed about applying to We provide excellent essay writing service 247.
It's September already and we have just two more Disability and Inclusion Workshops this year. This is a great workshop and is geared toward those who may be new to the disability sector or those who need further information on disability awareness for their role.
We do also have availability to come to your organisation to deliver training before the end of the year - more details are below.
And finally, we wanted to share this article with you - “The Need for Roles and Relationships.” It gives a great frame of reference to ‘Social Role Valorisation’.
It highlights the importance of the “social role” in our lives and explains that, in order to live a full and enriched life, we all need to have these valued social roles. Without these valued roles we are depriving ourselves and the people we work with of the good things that life brings us.
Did you know that we are able to design a workshop to fit your organisation's needs? We can come to you (anywhere in WA!) and can create a session based around your staff and your goals.
Midway Community Care have had a long relationship with Inclusion WA’s Professional Development service, just recently engaging with us to deliver our flagship “Community Inclusion” workshop for their entire organisation. A notable moment in the workshop was getting participants to question and challenge society’s views on ‘inclusion’, and chat about how we are supporting someone to live a rich and fulfilled life through the work we do. WOW!
“The most positive aspect was the informative and relaxed style of presentation.. had a great day!” Participant
Uniting Care West had us delivering “Professional Boundaries for Human Service Workers” for their Northbridge staff recently, with so many people sharing their stories and opinions. Topics of interest that we discussed included: the difference between being ‘friendly’ and being ‘friends’.. and where to draw the line. Great bunch of people working there, hope to see you soon!
This is a workshop designed to introduce the fundamentals of inclusion whilst providing a background on what disabilities are and how we can work better to include people with disabilities.
Exploring the political correctness minefield – strategies to overcome those uncomfortable “foot in mouth” situations
The inclusion spectrum – how to apply inclusion theory in the work you do, through adapting and modifying the activity or the environment for the person
This workshop relies on drawing parallels. You will think about a good life in the context of community, drawing from your uniquely human experience to consider the way connections with others are made and enhanced. This same thinking will then be analysed based on what we know about the people we support.
This workshop will encourage you to think about your version of a fulfilling life, and relate that to what others may see as a rich life for themselves. The entire premise of this workshop is about exploring the richness of life and the ways we can support others to share in that richness.
This workshop explores the nature of boundaries through interactive open discussion and reflective learning practices. Participants will explore existing boundaries between themselves in their support worker role, and the individuals they work for. We will then explore the necessary steps to prevent boundary violations.
This is a topic that asks participants to define what a good “working relationship” is, and how it differs from being a “friend” of the people we are paid to support.
Inclusion WA works in partnership with many government, corporate and community organisations to achieve social inclusion.
Jason Wee is an internationally renowned artist and writer. We are thrilled that he has agreed to answer our 20 Questions interview.
Jason grew up in Singapore, but spent many years living in the US and Germany. He came back to Singapore to run an art space in Tiong Bahru called Grey Projects, which is an art library, exhibition space and artist residency. He is an editor for SOFTBLOW poetry journal and he was a 2005-2006 Studio Fellow at the Whitney Museum Independent Study Program. Jason has exhibited his art all over the world from Luxembourg to New York to Sydney. In 2008 he won the Young Artist Award for visual arts in Singapore and the 2009 Voters’ Prize winner at the Singapore Art Museum. He has curated several high profile exhibitions and has written scripts for the Singapore Fringe Festival as well as several books. Recently, his work has been exhibited at the Yavuz Gallery in Singapore and with Galerie Michael Janssen in Berlin.
Removing the Monster High head can be intimidating, you don’t want to break the neck peg! Let me share with you some tips I picked up along my doll customizing adventures. This Monster High doll is having her hair re-rooted. … Read More
You help us support artists featured in reviews, articles, and more. You can trust us to fuel other people's passions with your gratituity!
Looking to engage and excite your Organisation’s Managers about embedding and articulating Ethics, Integrity and Values?
This new and exciting course from the Institute of Leadership + Management can help managers develop understanding and awareness at frontline level as to what it means to lead with Integrity and make ethical decisions, explore the conflict of personal integrity and organisations demands. Understand and develop leadership role in laeding and influencing others. understand how our 360 diagnostic tool can help you measure before and after the levels of Trust, Integrity, Ethical Decisions, Effective Leadership.
Want to engage in the conversation , why not join us at the next open forum where our panel of experts will be taking and discussing your questions on these issues and how to establish trust and integrity in the workplace.
Are hexagons less real-world to an eighth-grader than health insurance, for example? Certainly most eighth graders have spent more time thinking about hexagons than they have about health insurance. On the other hand, you’re more likely to encounter health insurance outside the walls of a classroom than inside them. Does that make health insurance more real?
I don’t know of anyone more qualified to answer these questions than our colleagues at Mathalicious who produce “real-world lessons” that are loved by educators I love.
Given an arbitrary point P on a line segment AB, let AP form the perimeter of a square and PB form the circumference of a circle.
You and your friend will get candy but only if you find the spot where there’s the same number of candies in the square and the circle. Where should you cut the line?
Imagine you were a contractor and your building swimming pools for a hotel. Given that you only have a certain amount of area to work with, your client has asked you to build one square and one round swimming pool and in order to make the pools as large as possible (without violating certain municipal codes or whatever), you need to determine how these two swimming pools can have the same area.
Farmer John has AB length of fencing and wants to create two pens for his animals, but is unsure if he wants to make them circular or square. To test relative dimensions (and have his farmhands compare the benefits of each), he cuts the fencing at point P such that the area of the circle = area of the square, and AP is the perimeter of the square pen and PB is the circumference of the circular pen.
Karim Ani is on vacay and promises a response when he gets back to business. [2013 Mar 22: He delivers.]
These are the two ideas that seem to be confused here are just “real world” and “interesting”. There seems to be an inherent assumption that they are somehow related when I doubt they even should be. Sometimes they will overlap, and sometimes not, but it is a bit random and quite personal in my opinion.
A problem simulating a project/job/task being performed by someone performing their normal job duties, such as the example of the contractor building a pool to meet municipal code?
Is a problem involving objects or tasks that would be considered an experience students are likely to have “real world”(dividing up the M&Ms to be equal size)?
Actual evidence of math in the “real world “(video or otherwise) being applied as a part of someone’s job (the maintenance staff example above from @Kevin Polke) could qualify, or perhaps the application of math to a problem that is foreseeable in that person’s job duties.
I think it’s best to take the more pluralistic viewpoint on this one, as it would be quite a task to attempt to statically define the exact nature of “real world” math, as there are always countless more examples lining up to disprove whatever narrow definition you choose.
I’ll say again though: I don’t really care if a problem is real-world. There are so many great problems that aren’t, and so many terrible problems that are. I don’t think it carries huge added value. Everyone decides what’s “real” to them (as Jeff P said). Right now for my kid, 7-5 and 5-7 being related to one another is plenty real, even though there is no connection yet to physical objects or money or any of that.
@ddmeyer a missing aspect in the "Real-world math debate? "Nothing ever becomes real 'til it is experienced." – John Keats
None of them are real world. And the second two hurt my eyes. But the first one hurts to read so I guess it evens out.
If somehow the candy one involved two kids each getting candy and the goal is to make it shared equally, that’d be getting closer to something that might actually be intriguing. But I’m not sure how to link that up with circles and squares. Those seem rather arbitrary. You and your friend have a piece of paper, how can you use it to create two baggies for candy? See that doesn’t work. If I’m a kid I just stuff the candy in my pocket / mouth, Real World Problem solved.
If somehow the candy one involved two kids each getting candy and the goal is to make it shared equally, that’d be getting closer to something that might actually be intriguing.
Two, taking your suggestion, if I use the candy task and tell students, “You and your friend will get candy but only if you find the spot where there’s the same number of candies in the square and the circle,” is that problem then “real world”?
When it comes to real world application, this was the best I could come up with. Interesting enough, my students did discuss the effects of floor plans for things like homes, parks, playgrounds, and many other things and how to maximize area using squares and circles.
None of these three problems strikes me as anywhere near “real-world”, unless nobody ever taught me that squares and circles always have candies.
I saw you playing around with this problem earlier, and the visual (Version B) does help me bring it closer to life. It is more real, but not necessarily more real world. It is less abstract if I see the circle and the square. Even better when I can move it myself (I hope that is an option soon).
In Version A, once I read the words ‘Given an arbitrary…’, I was hit by the wave of mathiness in the question. By the time I read ‘…circumference of a circle’ I was drenched. Don’t get me wrong, it’s the kind of mathiness I love, and wished my students loved as well (and some do). But some students still prefer to stay on dry land as we all know.
“Draw a circle and a square that have the same area” is something I would like to try with my students. And although it doesn’t have the line, or point p, I think it sufficiently gets the student’s feet wet before being hit by an arbitrary tsunami.
It seems as though our determination of whether something qualifies as “real world math” or not is, as Justice Stewart said about pornography, “I know it when I see it.”
My own determination of whether something is “real world” is based on where it came from. If it came from a math teacher it’s basically not real-world, unless it was a math teacher doing something in the outside world leading to an interesting problem in mathematics.
Problem E is pseudocontext to me, even though it can legitimately be solved and the entire problem is presented. It’s a contrivance. The work to bring the problem from that context to mathematics doesn’t add anything to the problem, so I feel it should probably be presented without context.
None of A, B, and C (to me) come from anything that happened in the real world. Equally so, this (to me) has no impact on their viability as math problems. A, B, and C all have viability in the classroom. I prefer A, I feel like some students will find the right point for B using technology, but then won’t transfer that to the discussion about why it is correct. Just a gut feeling that field testing could answer…
I feel like that top question is just interesting–I want to solve it right now, and my brain is a little antsy that I haven’t yet.
(And perhaps the point you’re making, Dan, is that “real-world” isn’t the thing the whole enterprise rests on…)
There seems to me little point in searching for the true meaning of “real world,” since it’s a messy human term that’s applied by all sorts of people in all sorts of situations. There are times, though, when it’s valuable to sharpen our use of language, and I take this post as an attempt to do that.
Really, what you seem to be getting at is the fact that there are two different common ways that educators use “real world.”
1) Something is “real” to a student if it’s concrete, attainable, comprehensible. A teacher might make quadratic functions “real” by asking students to find the next step in a squaring pattern.
2) Something is “real” to a student if it has a non-mathematical purpose. A teacher might make quadratic functions “real” by showing students how to predict where a golf ball will land with a quadratic function.
There are interesting things to say, I think, about the coherence of the second usage. What counts as a non-mathematical purpose? Does joy or pleasure count as a non-mathematical purpose? There’s always going to be an alternate, non-mathematical approach to solving any non-mathematical problem, right?
But not everyone is interested in investigating the coherence of commonly used terms, and that’s OK too. Language doesn’t need to be precise until it has to be. We all know what a non-mathematical purpose is, right? It’s the sort of thing that people solve out there, in the real world.
“Real World” to me equals “application in realia,” where segments, points, planes, variables, and equations are everyday concepts. When I read this Stanford problem originally (and subsequent to your post bought the book), I was thinking of AB as, say, a length of rope or wire fencing.
A variation of Version E: Farmer John has AB length of fencing and wants to create two pens for his animals, but is unsure if he wants to make them circular or square. To test relative dimensions (and have his farmhands compare the benefits of each), he cuts the fencing at point P such that the area of the circle = area of the square, and AP is the perimeter of the square pen and PB is the circumference of the circular pen.
Were this an activity for students, I would probably include some follow up questions about the benefits of choosing these metrics (why circle? why square?) and seeing if it makes a difference if we say that Area circle = Area square, or if we say that AP = PB. Would Farmer John be able to make pens of greater area if he used AB just to make 2 circular pens or if he used AB to make 2 square pens? How might P or area or dimensions change if one of the shapes was an equilateral triangle? As a reflection: how might choosing to construct this model (the original problem: 2 pens, one circular, one square, Perimeter = Circumference) help the ranch hands decide what is best for their animals? (MP4, right there, baby.)
Version B is a nice visualization but it reveals too much, and in my mind, makes the requisite math too technical and uninteresting. I see the answer in B; I don’t want or care to solve for it.
Versions C, D, E, … feel like the added elements are just there trying to make them more real in a textbook sort of way.
So, maybe a definition of a real world (or just real) problem is that one you come to as you move from the pure math/abstract version towards the dreaded over-developed textbook version, where anything else you add is perceived as extra.
Great question. I’ve actually been thinking for some time about the nature of “real,” and how it translates into how one evaluates what can/should happen in a math class. I’d like to be the [first] one to respond to the “Hey, Mathalicious” invitation. However, I’m still in New Zealand and will be at a conference until next week. May I blog a response on our site next week?
In the meantime, I really do think it’s one of the most important questions that’s currently being asked in math curriculum land: how much time to spend on topics that one legitimately encounters in the real world, and how much to spend on the more problem-solving type. My personal take is that it comes down to a question of balance, and this is a question that I am also really curious about. I think the reason your question is so valuable is, as you seem to be suggesting and other posts, there’s a real risk of sending the pendulum too far in one direction the neglecting the other, which of course down the road will just result in exactly the same in the other direction. Hopefully we can nip that silliness in the bud.
One defines itself by a negative: “Not from a math teacher.” The other criterion seems to beg the question: “What makes ‘an interesting problem’?”
I’m guessing that if anybody can articulate what makes a task “real world,” it’s the fine folks at ML. Otherwise it might be time to call off that hunt and chase some other criteria.
Hey whoa now. You’re going for extra credit there, trying to define “real.” At this point, I’d just settle for a definition of “real world.”
On the evidence of this thread alone I’d say we’re seeing many more than two meanings for “real world,” to say nothing of all the reform documents, speeches, and op eds that invoke the term.
We all know what a non-mathematical purpose is, right? It’s the sort of thing that people solve out there, in the real world.
I’d like to be the [first] one to respond to the “Hey, Mathalicious” invitation. However, I’m still in New Zealand and will be at a conference until next week. May I blog a response on our site next week?
Nice! I promise on behalf of everybody here that we’ll still be interested in your response next week.
I think that part of the problem is the mixing of two separate but important concepts here. This seems to come from the lack of a clear goal as to the actual reason to make or define a problem a real world or interesting.
There are many very important applications of math that easily qualify as real world I think in most people’s minds that are not at all fun. A good example would be doing mortgage calculations when buying a house. Anyone who is buying a house, or a car, has to do (or get help with) a lot of important math that will have a giant impact on their lives for many years to come. I doubt anyone argue that this is not “real world”, however very few people find this “fun” or “interesting”. Most people consider it a necessary evil. I believe the majority are “happier” when they have math skills to understand what is going on and participate in the process more, but that does not make it “fun” or “interesting” for them.
I love math, I think it is fun and interesting. I find nothing at all interesting in mortgage calculations. I think problems like the circle and the square one are very interesting and as soon as I read a problem like that I want to solve it, regardless of how it is worded. The way it is presented makes not difference to me personally at all, as long as I can understand what is being asked (okay, not entirely true, some attempts to force an abstract problem to appear more concrete can annoy me personally). But that is just me and I know I am not representative.
This seems to be about student perceptions – and I think part of the problem with this discussion is the question is removed from the reason for asking the question too much, which makes it harder to answer (maybe this is a lesson in itself for teachers).
I can also see “motivating” students to learn how to do mortgage problems even if they hate doing it. I can see them understanding the eventual need for that skill and though they may grumble they will learn how to do it because they realize it will be useful. On the other hand, I can see having students in the same situation who come from very poor families or areas and so think they will never buy a house and get angry at learning how to calculate a mortgage payment. Or students who just aren’t mature enough to care about learning anything they might find useful ten years down the road.
All this rambling is to say I think the goals here are not clear, at least to me, which makes answering these questions more difficult.
The question to ask is what math are the students we teach using to solve their day to day problems ? That would be a real world problem. After teaching quadratics do our students apply it to their real life. I doubt it. Though one student of mine used simultaneous equations to decide how much of each type of liquor to buy for her teenage party! Context can make it interesting but I am sure the students don’t believe the often contrived context that are suggested. Interesting…….. lets have loads more because the majority of students don’t really find math interesting or relevant to them unless it is presented in an interesting way. I think it is time to stop pretending it is “real world” unless it actually is!
Great post, Dan. And I believe that it makes an important point about applications. A case could be made for “who cares” about these beautiful applications. They won’t solve any important “real world” problem. But they are attractive, they involve some good math and they motivate addressing that math.
On another site we have physics teachers calling for math to be taught to serve their needs. This is a good example of the kinds of things that go well beyond the applications that physics teachers need and want us to concentrate on in math class.
As to the suggestions for different frames for the same problem, I consider C to be a significantly more challenging exercise, but A and B are equivalent. I see no special purpose in framing the original A exercise in many ways before addressing it. Rather, I think that suggesting those various applications once the math problem is solved, is a good way to point out how a single math exercise solves many problems.
It seems the whole purpose of the “real world” debate is not to show the students how math can be applicable, but to have them sit on the edge of their seats (in a perfect world) and be eager to work through the problem and gain an deeper understanding of the concept. As opposed to giving the students the problem and watch as their eyes glaze over as they check out and they start to wonder how they will survive until the next class.
Each person responding to this post finds a different version interesting. Frankly, version A makes my eyes glaze over, but I find version F interesting.
What if it is the same in the classroom? What if you offered all of the versions to the students and asked them to solve one of them? Would they all pick the same one? I doubt it.
I caught the maintenance staff at my high school using “real-world math” — see image at link http://imgur.com/KV3IOoq
-A problem simulating a project/job/task being performed by someone performing their normal job duties, such as the example of the contractor building a pool to meet municipal code?
-Is a problem involving objects or tasks that would be considered an experience students are likely to have “real world”(dividing up the M&Ms to be equal size)?
-Actual evidence of math in the “real world “(video or otherwise) being applied as a part of someone’s job (the maintenance staff example above from @Kevin Polke) could qualify, or perhaps the application of math to a problem that is foreseeable in that person’s job duties.
I think it’s best to take the more pluralistic viewpoint on this one, as it would be quite a task to attempt to statically define the exact nature of “real world” math, as there are always countless more examples lining up to disprove whatever narrow definition you choose. If I understand mathematics correctly, then the ultimate goal is to reach a level of abstraction so that what you’re working with can be applied generally across many fields and situations. This is turn, makes it more difficult for learners to work with more mature mathematics concepts. Any examples of math being directly applied to a “real world” situation in which mathematics is being used to describe a physical (analog) relationship or digital (software) relationship would be fine in my book.
However, practically speaking, for the 99% of the world population that AREN’T Astrophysicists and Engineers, “real world” math would probably cover most of the type of math that the average person needs to be able to successfully make it through their day, whether it’s automatic to them or not.
If you Google the result of the ratio of the perimeter to the circumference (or the radius to the side), that’ll give plenty of real-worldedness. But the fact that one can discover that the ratios are equal is real-(platonic)-world enough for me.
“Real world” is just a means to an end. The goal is interest. So I’d make version B into a game where you can drag P around and mark when you think the areas are equal.
I’d introduce the game at the elementary level as a primarily visual thing, plus some number-matching. Have different shapes, have 3 shapes at a time, have one shape that’s just changed by the length of AB. Really let kids get a feel for perimeter vs area.
Then in algebra, it’d be “hey, remember this game from when you were a kid? Here’s a version where you can put in this point directly. Figure out a way to get the right value on the first try.”
@David, adults sometimes have to deal with mortgage calculations, but students never do, so those are not real world computations for students. “Real world” is completely subjective. It basically means “connected to something I’ve thought about or cared about before”.
The tricky aspect is that because culture beats curriculum, you can get students to think about or care about whatever your classroom culture emphasizes.
Puzzlement is a better lesson design goal than real world, and fortunately, a desire for puzzlement is exactly the attitude needed to sustain a growth mindset in real life.
At this moment, I would say the animation in B (or C) is closest to a “real world” problem, because it requires a sense of inquiry to come up with a question to pose, represent, and answer. Doesn’t mathematical thinking in the “real world” imply inquiry, whether abstract or applied? Does reducing a problem to application and calculation take out the mathematical thinking of the “real world?”
I didn’t take the time to read everybody’s comments, so this may be a repeat. If so, I apologize for wasting your time :)
That being said, none of them are “real world” and who cares? The important question–Is the problem interesting enough that someone would want to solve it? I am personally more intrigued (as a math person) to just try to figure out when the areas are equal. I like the visual if I could just get it to pause! Other people may find it more interesting if candy or swimming pools are involved. So we work at finding the hot button that works best for our particular students. (I remember reading a anecdote about an elementary teacher who never could get a boy in her class to do anything until she incorporated his love of John Deere tractors and then he just took off learning.) A lot of times our own hot buttons and passions for learning will rub off on our students. So it’s OK to teach things in a way that interests us, too. Those are my thoughts.
I’m just putting this together (weeks later), but I’m now sure that the candy version is much much lower down the difficulty ladder compared to the abstract gif. You could stop the candy gif at the right time and get the answer without having done any “math” at all. I too made the problem far simpler with my desmos example that calculated out the areas on the fly. Just thought I’d pipe in.
I *prefer*option B. Perhaps I am just more visual with some stuff. (Ack, ack, nearly mentioned VAK. Will now wash my mouth out.)
Option C looks like it could be solved by a 3 year old. Actually, said 3yo could probably solve it in 3 dimensions using a whole tube of Smarties (US readers think M&Ms), so long as you promised they could eat the Smarties when they had solved it.
Option C also worries me because it doesn’t allow for real (ie. non-integer) solution, which probably makes the whole thing more than a bit hard.
I am beginning to hate the way that questions are being framed to make the context more real. “A ladder must be set against a wall so that the angle at its base is about 75 degrees. If the ladder is 2.25m from….” So, in the real world I’m going to get the tape out and start measuring? Then find my slide tables and log rules…. No, I’ll just find the line printed on the label on the side of the ladder that some elf and safety wallah insisted must be put there and make sure it is about vertical when I place the ladder (bearing in mind one foot is on soft soil and must be supported by a brick).
Kids can spot this stuff a mile off. “Karim and Aieesha are playing a game….” The kids in my neck of the woods ask me “who the heck are Karim and Aie… what’s that say?” They don’t care about Karim and his putative GF. (And Karim and Aieesha are too fussed about Kian and Chelsea from their perspective either.)
Some great commentary here. I added excerpts from David Taub, Kevin Polke, Ben Rimes, and Liz to the main post, as well as a couple of useful tweets.
For my part, I think if I could get consensus between all math teachers, policymakers, and journalists that a) the “real world” is defined in lots of different ways (per Ben Rimes) and that b) the “real world” shouldn’t be equated to “interesting” or vice versa (per David Taub), I could probably stop posting provocations.
I had to go with a more open definition of “real world” thanks in part to an experience I had just today helping a Spanish teacher introduce blogging to her students. She asked them all to take a week to find one example of Spanish in the “real world”, and post it to the blog. Within 5 minutes, one student had posted a YouTube video from Vevo with a Latin pop star singing in Spanish. Who are we to say that YouTube isn’t the “real world” to our students?
The “real world”-ness is not the question; the question is accessibility. Students can access problem “B” much easier than any of the other problems, as “B” minimizes the amount of reading. Reading has affected my students, as I work among a high ELL population.
Dan’s “Pixel Pattern” task and “Nana’s Paint Mixup” task were very engaging to my students, but one is “real world” in the sense of a real situation and one is not. Yet, both were engaging because, I feel, they were accessible.
I think B and C meet criteria 1, but I like B better. A is an ok prompt, but there’s something about the wording I still don’t like.
Making it “real-world” as done in E and F seems like pseudo-context to me – it’s just a unnecessary layer on it to get students to do the problem that would be more understandable presented with a piece of string and a pair of scissors.
I think there’s a big problem with what’s “real” to that person. Seems like kind of a cop-out, but my current needs/wants are probably pretty different from other people’s.
In chemistry, I have problems like, “If 50.0 grams of CaSO4 reacts with 50.0 grams of Na2CO3, how much product do you get?” Which is completely boring. But it’s a pertinent problem for someone actually working in a factory so they (probably really their manager) knows how many orders they can fill. But it’s absolutely not relevant to high school kids. And even when I do something like this in lab so they can make predictions, they’re still not motivated by it.
If my students actually go into industry, then they’ll use this stuff. I’m not convinced they’ll find it interesting even then, but they’ll use it.
1. Draw a circle and square with the same area. All kids draw a pair. Perhaps we use the desmos collaboration interface.
3. the students then investigate the relationship among these various things by simple two variable graphs
Believe it or not, there is empirical support for some use of pseudocontext. Here is a study that modified the cover stories for boring story problems to match students’ individual interests, and saw a statistically significant benefit. Here’s a more informalblog post about the same study. I know we’ve all agreed that calculating the areas of dog bandanas seems ridiculous. But perhaps stereotype threat explains the effect: if you’re a student who thinks math just isn’t for kids like you, maybe a little pseudocontext that relates to you is enough to make you say, “No, I guess this class is designed for people like me after all.”
Granted, it’s not going to make you suddenly become fascinated by the subject, but it does make a difference. This is what I meant when I said that the importance of “real world” is completely subjective–it really comes down to whether the lesson is connected to something I personally have invested some time/emotion in, or at least connected to something other students I want to be like have invested themselves in.
I guess I’m arguing that “real world” isn’t what we should try for in lesson design. We should try for “my world”.
Lessons can be successful with varying degrees of connection to my world. If you fully immerse the math in my world, I can become so hooked by the task that I temporarily forget I’m doing math–it’s like a movie with great special effects that you forget isn’t real. If the connection to my world is more tenuous, the effect is more like suspension of disbelief. I know I’m being tricked, but I’m willing to go along with it (I’m thinking here of the broadway production of The Lion King–you can see the puppeteers the whole time, but gradually you stop noticing them even though they’re always there). Not everything needs to be a Jerry Bruckheimer film in math class–puppets work too.
Wow, leave the followup comments button unchecked and a ton of great ideas magically appear! Obviously whether or not something is “real-world” has a visceral meaning for math teachers (which I am not).
If I could, I would upvote Liz. When the choice is between something that’s strictly speaking real world (building swimming pools, ala Mr Ixta) and something “arbitrary” like a game that rewards kids for completing a creative challenge, I lean towards the game. You want this reaction in students: “how on earth can I figure THAT out?”, followed by attempts to do so.
Rephrasing the “not from a math teacher”, I guess I mean that the problem isn’t invented out of a desire to meet a pedagogical goal. Problem E is clearly invented to real-world-itize something that would work equally well without the context. No one outside the world of math is wondering about Problem E, but there are probably similar problems in the world of architecture or product design. I’d prefer to research and see if any of those could lead me toward something like Problem A.
I’ve definitely run across interesting situations or problems where I think “Oh man that would make a good math problem” and I don’t think very many other human adults would jump to that as their first observation. Things like “What value menu option gives you the best price on fries and a drink?” or “Is that super-large Nutella really a better deal?” or “Could you always win at the yodely game on The Price Is Right if you just said the items were $20, $30, and $40?” or even “What is the probability that these seven strangers would be picked to live in a house together?” To me, all of those are real world problems, because they are inspired by something out in the world.
I don’t understand all this concern about which is the better way to represent this interesting exercise. I think that it is a great problem and Dan has posted a remarkable illustration of how the area varies. That’s enough for me. But I will add that i consider the problem with various internal circles is (a) much harder and (b) almost certainly has an answer range rather than a specific point.
I’ve never introduced a lesson saying, “Key kids, here’s a real-world lesson that uses math.” and I don’t plan on starting. Even if the lesson stems from a real-life story, why should there be some label stuck on a math lesson in order to sell it to my students or me?
I’ve lost track of the questions in textbooks that talk up a story like it’s happened in the real-world, let alone possible. I become jaded. Sometimes textbook questions are like reading about greek gods: I don’t believe this, yet it’s kinda interesting.
My students can enjoy Mathalicious lessons. They can enjoy interesting puzzles/tasks like File Cabinet or Shipping Routes. They can enjoy doing review questions when we play math basketball. Estimation 180 contains pictures and videos of things captured in the real-world that I’m curious about or I find fun. I’ve never thought to label them as real-world. I mean, who puts green marshmallows on a skewer for St. Patrick’s day?
I agree with Karim and not letting the pendulum swing too far in one direction. My role as a teacher is to provide students with opportunities to strengthen their brains by using lessons (real-world or not) to assist with this process. Back in the day, I used to practice guitar A LOT so I could play shows in the real-world. I no longer play shows in the real-world, but still practice guitar because I enjoy it immensely. I like stretching my brain in the same way. I might not use math in the real-world, but I enjoy exploring it and it’s great for my brain. Therefore, just make lessons that are great for the brain.
“What is real?” is a troubling question! Sunrise was at 7:02 AM. Really?? The sun “rising” is an illusion. The hour and minute are based on an arbitrary system to designate time, and the observation of 7:02 AM is based on a particular season at a particular location. What impressed me is that the problem was presented in multiple ways–each approach made me think a little differently and increased my understanding.
These examples are what I have been questioning for the past few years. Looking at our state standards, the buzzwords of “real world” are overused and can trap educators. Intriguing is also a word that I don’t want to throw out casually. Motivating seems to be the real key with students, what will get students to work on a problem and perservere even though they may cone along obsticles? I can’t say intriguing in this case because it implies student interest in the content, not just working on a problem to completion. With my students today, the candy examples are the most effective example that would illicit work.
None of these are practical real world, the fencing one is the closest, but then again farmers will go to any lengths to create straight-edged enclosures because you do not want to waste land area and.creating circles do just that.
All in all, my question would be which of these examples will get students to struggle to find an answer, and make a strong enough connection that students will remember the process if a similar problem was posed to them.
I’d like to propose a version D.2, based on the “pie rule” – to encourage fair portions/arrangements one person divides portions of a pie, the other picks which portion they want.
You and your friend will split as many candies as you can fit into the circle and square in version C, but here’s the catch: you have to pick the point on the line – you’re friend gets to pick the candy in the circle or the candy in the square.
Assuming your friend also likes candy, and picks more candy versus less – where on the line will you get the most candy?
“Real-world” (whichever definition we use) and “Interesting” are two very different things. Both are objectives that most of us have as teachers of mathematics, and they very often overlap, but they are two different things.
B. My working definition of “real-world” (although I try to avoid the term whenever possible because of it’s ambiguity), would be something like:
1. (applied to a skill, idea, theory, or procedure) Useful to most people outside the academic discipline from which the skill, idea, or procedure originates.
The Pythagorean Theorem is a real-world theory which is useful in a wide range of contexts outside geometry or mathematics (e.g. architecture, physics, computer science, etc. — its uses in algebra and trigonometry would not apply because those are within the broad discipline of mathematics).
2. (applied to specific student assignments) Reflects a plausible application of an idea/skill/theory/procedure to a situation outside the discipline in which it originates (e.g. a real-world problem which teaches the Pythagorean theorem must be a believable problem that a non-professional-mathematician would reasonably encounter and try to solve using the theorem and not some other method).
Problems 1 and 2 are definitely interesting, and would be more effective if combined (multiple representations of the same idea). They (especially combined) help me understand the arcane vocabulary of geometry, appreciate the beauty of the relationship between area formulas, and apply algebra in solving a geometry problem (I would probably solve them by setting up the area formulae as a system of equations).
Problem 3 is less interesting to me because it is highly implausible, distracting (why are we putting candy in geometric figures?) and off-putting (you are insulting my intelligence by thinking I will only be interested in geometry if candy is involved).
It is also less effective at teaching geometry because it involves discrete integers which are only loosely related to the formulae for area of a circle and square.
The question should be if the problem is motivating, not if its real world. That is not necessarily linked.
– Acceptance. It this a problem that is accepted in my social environment to waste time upon? This many be connected to the realworldness of a problem.
– Mastership. Is it a nice problem to try my skills on? Can I solve it? Maybe this is the strongest motivation. You can replace “I” by “we”.
Assume you tell your parents about this problem and the reaction is no reaction, plus someone in the class has solved it before, and you do not really understand the problem, nor do you have any clue on it. That’s a bad problem.
Sorry. You were asking about which presentation is more real world. Does not matter! All that matters is that you create an environment for motivation.
I think Real World Math also has to so with how you solve a problem or how you allow or encourage students to solve a problem.
Here’s an example. You have a pizza cut into 8 pieces but only 6 pieces are are left. Four friends want to share the pizza evenly.
If you ask the question, “How much pizza does each person get?”, a student might figure: Give each person one piece. There are two pieces left. Cut each of those in half and give a half piece to each friend. Each person gets one and a half slices. (You could push students further to come up with 3/16.)
But if the question is phrased, “What fraction of the pizza will each person get?” Then you might get students to use fraction division. (6/8) / 4 = 3/16. The context might be real world but the solution will be artificial. Who does fraction division in the real world? It’s hard to think of genuine contexts. I usually end up doing some combination of addition, subtraction and multiplication before I pull out fraction division.
So I think how we encourage students to use their problem solving skills in a way that is natural and intuitive is also an important component of Real World Math. It’s not just about context.
(That said we do want to encourage students to grow their toolbox of math skills that feel comfortable and intuitive. We certainly don’t want our high school students to continue adding repeatedly instead of using multiplication.)
It strikes me that the best way to get students saying “hey, I see the point of this” with regards to math is to give them a question they want to know the answer to FIRST, and then give them the math needed.
It also strikes me that the reason why we’ve been teaching it the other way around for so long (start from “here’s some math” and then “here’s a sucky question we can ask about it”) is that as teachers we DO start from content objectives that need to be taught, and planning backwards is hard. I don’t have good supplies. I don’t have enough time.
There is another dimension to this issue of “real world” versus “interesting,” and a few have touched on it. Real world to whom? interesting to whom? even among a group of high schools students all more or less the same age, some problems will seem “real world” to one group of students, others to other groups. A few students will understand that pretty much all of the problems presented in Algebra or Geometry COULD be “real world,” in application for them, within a few years. Another group might find pretty much any problem that is new to be “interesting.”
At something in history, someone decided “Maths needs to be more “real life”” and since then boards the world over have insisted on shoving context into questions for no good reason. If a question doesn’t need context don’t shove it on, and certainly don’t put ridiculous context in thar makes no sense! I’ve ranted before here: http://wp.me/p2z9Lp-9R
After four years of research, scientists from the University of New Hampshire (UNH) have unlocked a major genetic mystery of one of the ancestors of cultivated strawberry, known as Fragaria iinumae. Through their work with Fragaria iinumae, they will be able to better understand the cultivated strawberry, which is known as one of the most […]
August 31st, 2016 | Category: Genomics (Agrigenomics) | Tags: ancestors of cultivated strawberry, ancestral diploid strawberry, better cultivated strawberry, crop/plant genotyping, flowering habits, Fragaria iinumae, Fragaria vesca, fruit quality, GeneSeek, genetic information in breeding, genetic map, genetic markers, genomes of the cultivated strawberry, linkage map, Neogen’s GeneSeek, resistance to diseases, strawberry genetic research, strawberry SNP array | Comments are closed
Ranked #9 in Imitated Heels Toe Closed Women's Boots Kitten Black Pull Solid AgooLar Suede on Round FwY6qC
Great wine bar with fabulous views. I especially like it for happy hour since they have a great selection of small plates. Great for sharing. Also occasionally a music venue.
Another of our most favorite restaurants along the Gig Harbor waterfront. Voted #1 Best Wine Bar in Gig Harbor. Seating inside and outside with great views, rain or shine!
2 bed + 2 bath w/balcony in Calera-located in the fabulous neighbourhood of Clayton Village. This unit is one of the desirable locations in the complex which is facing/overlooking English inspired garden coutyard inner-area. Make your living easy w/shopping and daily necessities located at your doorstep at Clayton Crossing, schools just up the street and quick access to majour transit hubs. Fabulous amen. incl. expansive landscaped courtyard, fireside amenity RM w/billiards and media rm and well equipped gym. Live the contemporary lifestyle w/high ceilings, practical laminate flooring, stone c-tops, kitch. island, s/s appl., insuite laundry. Comes with 1 parking + storage locker.
* To ensure the safety of all children participating and for PAL liability insurance reasons, we ask that you please do not register children not yet 5 years of age.
Sembra che tuo stia utilizzando Internet Explorer 8. Per una corretta visione del sito si prega di utilizzare una versione piu' aggiornata di Explorer oppure un browser come Firefox o Chrome
The ASVAB is one of the most widely used aptitude tests in the world. The intent of the ASVAB test battery is to assess a candidate's potential for future success in the U.S. Military. Because of the nature of the test, the ASVAB can also be used to give a candidate valuable information about both military and civilian career choices that they may be suited for.
Happy New Year! I'm starting this New Year with something a bit different; a piece of period art showing a style of costume I have never encountered before. Maybe one of my readers with better knowledge of early Renaissance costume can help me learn from what I'm seeing here.
I found the painting to the left on a Pinterest board, and chased the link to track down this larger copy of the image. The painting apparently is attributed to the workshop of the Master of the Mansi Magdalen. The Master of the Mansi Magdalen was a Flemish artist who painted at the very beginning of the 16th century. Wikipedia reports the supposition that the artist's real name was Willem Meulenbroec, a pupil of Quentin Matsys.
However, my concern is not with the artist, but with the subject's costume. Although one cannot count upon pictures of saints to be wearing period fashions, they sometimes do, and the painters from the Low Countries were more likely to depict real clothing on saints or allegorical subjects.
In addition, the outfit shown on the Magdalen has elements that appear in period art on real people. Her body-hugging gown is trimmed with fur and has long, hanging velvet sleeves and a broad sash. A diaphanous black veil hangs from the back of her oddly shaped but sumptuously jeweled hat. Similar elements appear in other late 15th century and early 16th century art--though not in quite these forms. For example, voluminous sleeves and fur-trimmed velvet gowns with close-fitting bodices, appear in the art of this period. But I can't recall seeing another dress that features a close-fitting bodice with voluminous sleeves. The hennin, a conical hat often worn with a sheer veil, is seen in art of the late 15th century. But I've never before seen a hennin or other 15th-16th headdress that flared out so awkwardly over the ears, or had a black veil.
I would really like to hear from anyone who has any information about whether similar outfits appear in other early 16th century works by Flemish or Netherlandish painters, or whether there is other evidence for the wearing of a similar style in the real world at that time. Also, does anyone have ideas about how such a gown might have been made? Please, educate me in the comments!
I don't know anything about this painting or style of dress, I'm sorry, but her outfit is beautiful. Looking at it, I would say the construction of the dress is probably much the same as a 14th century dress, but with those lovely green sleeves attached instead of 14th century sleeves.
There is an SCA costuming laurel in Lochac (Australia/New Zealand) that specializes in clothing from the "low countries". https://dutchrenaissanceclothing.wordpress.com/
It turns out that I know the Laurel that Harpmary referred me to; she was one of the moderators and active posters on the old MedCos (MEDievalCOStuming) board. Although her site has already been helpful, I willcontact her more directly, if only to say hi! Thanks again.
Concept House 2 is one of brilliant home design remodeling ideas to get great and perfect home. The Concept House 2 is also one of the popular designs for home design categories on November, 2017. Moreover Concept House 2 has been created by awesome architecture designer.
Get best Bathroom design ideas 2017 for FREE. And click to get more design ideas and more informations about new design of Bathroom for your home.
The Concept House 2 is also one of best Concept House House Design Info design and has been built with best color stunning, amazing for detail art of architecture, and with perfect design ideas to increase value art of your Bathroom home. You can use Concept House 2 as your inspirations home design to get best home with great architecture ideas, other references about Bathroom home design you can try Concept House 14, Concept House 13, Concept House 12, Concept House 11, Concept House 10, Concept House 9, Concept House 8, Concept House 7, Concept House 6, Concept House 5, Concept House 4, Concept House 3, Concept House 2, Concept House 1, Concept House 0,
For images reference about Concept House 2 you can choose one of gallery Concept House 2 below, so many image references about Concept House 2 that you can choose for best inspirations and great solutions for home design problems.
Moverover CatinHouse also provides other the best references about home design and interior remodeling, such as, bathroom ideas, bedroom ideas, living room ideas, home office ideas, kitchen ideas, dining room ideas, tile flooring ideas, garden ideas, and more for FREE to help you get inspirations and solutions for plan and remodeling your home.
And for the last words, it is simple to make your home to be the best home Bathroom , you just need great design to remodel of your home Bathroom . And for example you can use Concept House 2 for best solutions to make great your Bathroom home design.
All of our content in the form of wallpaper or background we display because we believe the content was ”public domain”.Wallpaper that displayed are from unknown origin, and we do not intend to infringe any legitimate intellectual, artistic rights or copyright. If you are the legitimate owner of the one of the content we display the wallpaper, and do not want us to show, then please contact us and we will immediately take any action is needed either remove the wallpaper or maybe you can give time to maturity it will limit our wallpaper content view. All of the content we display the wallpapers are free to download and therefore we do not acquire good financial gains at all or any of the content of each wallpaper.
CatinHouse is one of best free reference website about architecture and interior ideas for modern home designs. You can find much best image reference about home design such as kichen design, home design ideas, home interior design, home interior decorating, home decorating ideas, and etc.
Moreover you can easily find the spesific reference abaout home design with use category that we have like, home design architecture, interior design, living room design, kichen design, exterior design, home ideas, bedroom design, bathroom remodel, landscaping, tile flooring and etc.
And all reference in this website is FREE, but if you find there is your copyrighted work on our site and you want it removed please Contact Us
Hello everyone. Because these forums are no longer being moderated, we have disabled posting for members. You will still be able to read posts, but not create, edit, or delete your own. You can find our new forums here: http://catspawisland.boards.net/ If you require any help, feel free to address an administrator in chat, or privately message one on our new boards. Thank you!
Last year, at our church's African Global Gateway Service, I was asked to read Psalm 103:12 in Amharic. I will never forget being on stage, waiting to begin: Femi, the worship leader, said, "And now we will have some Africans read from the Bible in their languages." And the congregation began to chuckle at the one clearly-not-African up there with her Nigerian, Sudanese and Kenyan-Somali friends.
It's that time again! So I've been spending a lot of time with my Amharic textbook, Bible and iPad's Amharic Audio Bible. This year it is Psalm 103:1-3. Whoa! Three verses! In a few years, if the pattern continues, I should have all of Psalm 103 memorized in English and Amharic!
All of this preparation has set me to thinking about how much richer our lives are because of our children. I would never have been given the opportunity to do this without them. And it is for them that I agree. We have been introduced into another world and I am so thankful. I am also thankful that our environment gives us opportunities to engage with our children's heritage and in such an important way.
Last night, because I couldn't... I just couldn't... and because I needed to run my verses by a native Amharic speaker, our family headed to the Ethiopian Cottage for dinner. It felt like home and I love that. Our kids (and we) GOBBLED up the injera and yemesir and shiro wats like the best little Ethiopian children and I was so happy. And then I had a mini-lesson from the owner in that explosive "t."
Everything's for Sale from the album Dust to Dust Blues, live in concert at the 92Y in NYC as part of the 2015 retrospective, Love of Song: The Music of Louis Rosen
Alone, from upcoming Capathia Jenkins / Louis Rosen album PHENOMENAL WOMAN: THE MAYA ANGELOU SONGS, live in concert at the 92Y in NYC as part of the 2015 retrospective, Love of Song: The Music of Louis Rosen
Harlem Night Song, from the album, Dream Suite (Words by Langston Hughes), live in concert at the 92Y in NYC as part of the 2015 retrospective, Love of Song: The Music of Louis Rosen.
Life is Fine, from the album, Dream Suite (Words by Langston Hughes), live in concert at the 92Y in NYC as part of the 2015 retrospective, Love of Song: The Music of Louis Rosen.
The South Side, from the album, South Side Stories (Music & Lyrics by LR ), live in concert at the 92Y in NYC as part of the 2015 retrospective, Love of Song: The Music of Louis Rosen.
Ages Since the Last Time (Music & Lyric by LR), live in concert at the 92Y in NYC as part of the 2015 retrospective, Love of Song: The Music of Louis Rosen. (This song reflected the true retrospective nature of the concert -- I wrote it at age 20, and Karen Mason, singing it again here, first sang it in Chicago in 1977.)
Love of Song (Music & Lyric by LR), from the album, The Ache of Possibility, live in concert at the 92Y in NYC as part of the 2015 retrospective concert, Love of Song: The Music of Louis Rosen.
The Middle Class (Used to Be) Blues (Music & Lyric by LR), from the album, The Ache of Possibility, live at the Metropolitan Room in NYC, 2013.
Time Was (Words by Edwin Arlington Robinson, adapted by LR), from the album, Time Was, live at the Metropolitan Room, 2013
© 2015 by AIIA for Louisville Bridge Association / Unit117. AIIA is a LLC owned and managed by Ralph Letizia. Louisville Bridge Club is an ACBL affilicated duplicate bridge club serving Louisville, KY and surrounding area. This website is the property of AIIA, and any views expressed are those of the LBA - Unit117. No part of this web site may be used without written permission of AIIA, or the current LBA president or their designated representative.
Sensual and sexy girls at your doorstep. We provide discrete and high class escorts in the Rotterdam area. The services our girls offer range from all types of sexual activities to an intimate dinner and night out.
The best casino betting site with lots of awesome promo and rewards like unlimited weekly cash rebate that every gamblers are looking for
Online betting is very popular in different places especially in Asia. You are able to bet on your chosen online betting games and you can have more exciting features that will surely help you to make more chances of winnings. This Most Reliable and Convenient otwin12 Mobile Casino will have the advantage to show you on how you are going to play different casino games on your mobile phone. With the help of mobile casino, you can have a chance to win big needed only by your mobile phone. The big advantage of mobile casino is you will be able to bet on your mobile phone without hassle.
Convenience is very important nowadays especially in this kind of online casino betting. If you are a gamblers that always like to bet or play online casino games, you will surely look to the website that mobile friendly and easy to access. All you have to when you want to register in otwin12 website, you need to have an internet connection and download the application that they have. It is very user friendly because nowadays many people have their own gadgets or mobile phones, whether it is laptop, cellphone or tablets. You can play and access any time anywhere you want. Convenience is perhaps the greatest advantage of playing this kind of online casino using your tablet or cell phone. This allow you to easily and quickly play anywhere and anytime.
When you are concern on your bankroll and you want the safety and easily access to the bank, you don’t have to go to the bank to get some money. All you need to do is to have an internet connection and download the banking application on your mobile phone, so easy.
There are many situations that the players find themselves in outside the home, when playing a mobile game could be the perfect way to pass the time. A lot of mobile apps allow you to play with other people. You will be able to find and play casino apps which all players like. This will allow you to have fun and get excitement while you make more chances of winnings and win big money. It is also a great way to be sociable and have lots of fun with friends.
Betting in mobile casino is very enjoyable and you can get exciting experience anytime anywhere you want. For all intents and purposes the online casinos imitate their physical versions down to a pat and give rewards to the players. In addition in one of the most popular means of gambling, the casino ensure that their player’s information is kept confidential. The world of online casino and its influence keeps growing on.
Posted on October 20, 2017 by Alice Ward.	This entry was posted in Online Casino and tagged online casino games. Bookmark the permalink.
High Quality windscreen banner, perfect fit on any Porsche 911 Model, fits on the outside or inside you choose on all Models except the 996 models 2001 and later models with the self dipping mirror
Fits all models of Porsche 911 but please select model as there are small differences from model to model in our banners
Windshield banners are curved to fit the line of the windshield. and will not interfere with line of sight -
I am a Scorpio. I enjoy long walks on the beach, drinking copious amounts of alcohol, and men in hockey masks. In my spare time I work to foil the plans of my arch nemesis, utilize my eight finger discount, and lecture from my soapbox about social injustices. I do not tolerate fools or like people who make Walmart plural. I judge people who are missing more teeth than they have, unless they are old. I would like to someday be the scary old woman in the neighborhood that all the children are afraid of, however I will be misunderstood and actually a sweet old lady turned bitter by the disappointments of this cruel, cruel life. I will have made my vast wealth telling fortunes under the alias the Mad Madame Mim and selling t-shirts in tourist destinations that say “Life isn’t always flowers and sausages”.
Well believe it or not my pretties, I received the stylish blogger award. I am not sure what I could have done to deserve such honors (maybe I am the only sucker left who participates in these things but alas here I am). Just kidding it was very sweet of A Wicked Stepmother to give this award and I will treasure it always but playing along. However, I will not be tagging others. If you read this and you want to play when congratulations consider yourself tagged!!
f.) I know I am abusing this award, but I am a winner with tiger blood and no one can stop me. Muahahahaha #winning
g.) While I have no doubt I would survive a zombie apocalypse I believe I would be the first to go in a horror movie. I always investigate strange voices despite the fact I have watched scary movies my entire life.
A fossil of an unknown predator fish species, which is believed to be 200 million years old, had been found by workers during the construction of Bulgaria's Lyulin Highway on 29 of September 2010.
The Lyulin Highway, between Sofia and Pernik, was opened on 15 of 2011 with length of 19 km and a record high number of 26 pieces of technical road equipment.
The rock containing the fish fossil was dug out and is already on display in the Regional History Museum in the city of Pernik.
Geological data shows that the body of water – and respectively the fish – existed in the region during the Triassic period, 250-200 million years ago.
The authorities in Bulgaria granted additional 1,5 million BGN in August 2012 for further studying and improvement of the infrastructure in the Valley of the Thracian rulers near Kazanlak, Bulgaria. » BOOK A TOUR
The archaeologists explored the sanctuary of the Thracian horseman god at the Roman town of Sostra, Troyan, Bulgaria in August 2012. » BOOK A TOUR
A Roman tomb of 4 century A.D. was excavated in the South Roman necropolis of Roman town of Philip polis, Plovdiv, Bulgaria in summer of 2012. » BOOK A TOUR
A clay form for making gold and silver jewelry was found in the Roman town of Nicopolis ad Istrum near Veliko Tarnovo, Bulgaria in 2011. The archaeologists believe the clay jewelry form was typical only for the tribes of the Goths. » BOOK A TOUR
Bajing Ireng aka Roijah, a woman warrior from the village of Kandang Haur, robs the goods from the rich to be given to the suffering poor. After plundering the house of Demang Asmara, Bajing Ireng is blocked by Jaka Sembung. Assuming that he is one of the hired men of Demang, Bajing Ireng keeps attacking Jaka Sembung. Finally, he is able to reveal his identity. Bajing Ireng admires the proficient skills of Jaka Sembung aka Parmin. The commander of the Kompeni (Dutch troops) promises a position of governor to Demang Asmara, if he can capture Jaka Sembung. To draw him out, Demang hangs the elderly leader of Kandang Haur so that Jaka Sembung has to surrender himself. Then Bajing Ireng breaks into the prison to rescue Jaka Sembung. Along with the people, they invade Kademangan (the residence of Demang), and they overcome the champion fighters of Demang one by one. The commander of the Kompeni is killed in a great duel, while Demang Asmara meets his death on the edge of his own dagger.
We went to university together clomid prescription free vpn Musharraf returned to Pakistan in March after years in exile to run for parliament, despite Taliban death threats
perfect design thanks mecca bingo slots machine While retirement planning is naturally focused on older people, in many respects, the die is cast for Americans already in their late 50s or 60s
Unfortunately, no standard formula exists for how much these factors should be weighed in the clinical decision-making process
I will scan the article about football in Galiwin'ku and send it to the staff body, many will read it to their students
pleased to have Clarence as the Conservative candidate as he is ideally placed and qualified to take
It i not necessarily nly great for the bdy to find the bloostream moving and also the tighten muscles calm, but it is going to be good fo that prit
"Eyes To The Wind," which exists in a world in which Dylan brought his best '80s tunes to the Traveling
on the iBook and try to access the network drive in the Finder window, the Airport Extreme appears under
concerns about the committee: 6 Three-quarters of the committee have a conflict of interest because,
are able to use your blog. Blank media sales to purchasers who donot private copy were being excluded
However, from the perspective of Apple, the smartphone (iPhone) and tablet PC (iPad) are primarily made for the purpose of 'consumption'
• In the last parliament the Coalition Government maintained the tobacco duty escalator (2% above inflation) that it inherited from the previous Labour government.
• In 2011 the Chancellor implemented a one-off increase to 5% above inflation, before returning to 2% in 2012.
• In 2014/15 smokers in the UK paid a total of £12.1 billion in duty and VAT. According to EU Commission, the UK has the highest excise yield on cigarettes in the EU.
• Punitive taxation encourages criminal activity and fuels the black market. In 2014/15 the Government lost an estimated £2.6 billion in revenue as a result of non-UK duty paid tax on tobacco (£2.1 billion to illicit traders, £0.5 billion to legitimate cross-border shopping.)
• Illicit trade (including counterfeit cigarettes) puts children at greater risk because criminals don't respect age restrictions.
• Law-abiding consumers who buy tobacco from legitimate retailers in the UK are disproportionately penalised.
• Excessive taxation compounds poverty and increases inequality because those hardest hit are the elderly and people from lower socio-economic backgrounds.
To say there are a lot of toothbrushes on the market today is an understatement. When people go to buy toothbrushes, they often encounter rows upon rows of options. And figuring out which is right for you can be a…
Most people wouldn’t say that flossing is at the top of their list of favorite things to do. For that reason, a lot of people choose not to floss, while others only floss occasionally. However, flossing daily is important to…
Everyone wants to be remembered, but being known for your bad breath isn’t likely what you had in mind. A lot of people are self-conscious when it comes to their breath, but that doesn’t mean you have to be. There…
Oftentimes, we remember the facial expressions and smiles from famous portraits like that of George Washington. However, we rarely know the true story behind them. George Washington’s adult life was plagued by tooth loss and tooth decay. Did you know…
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 September 2016 July 2016 May 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016
"Cuban-cigar merchants are declaring death of the tobacco weevil following a visit to a new, massive storage and quality control center in Guanabacoa, a suburb of Havana.
I visited the complex last week with English cigar merchants Jemma Freeman, head of Cuban cigar importers Hunters & Frankau, and Edward Sahakian, owner of London's Davidoff shop. The 90,000-square-foot building is a temperature- and humidity-controlled building for holding all cigar stocks for export. It has a capacity of about 70 million to 80 million cigars. Habanos S.A., the global distribution and marketing company for Cuban cigars, runs the facility.
The showpiece of the building is four massive freezers where export boxes of cigars are frozen at minus-4 Fahrenheit for five days and then slowly brought to a temperature of about 65. Cuban officials claim that this process completely kills any insects as well as eggs in the tobacco. The freezing is an added measure Habanos has taken even though cigar factories continue to fumigate smokes before they leave their doors."
The fragrance department of Fendi’s style and design house will be introducing L’Acquarossa, a completely new perfume for women, L’Acquarossa is homage to Rome, and is designed for the experienced, elegant and sophisticated women of today.
Fendi L’Acquarossa fragrance was developed by a team of best perfumers, Delphine Lebeau, Benoit Lapouza and Francois Demachy. They chosen Sicilian mandarin, and a prune accord for the notes, while the heart of the formulation mixes orange blossoms, red and gold lantana flowers, rose and magnolia. Finally the dry down features notes of musk, red cedar and Indonesian patchouli.
French celebrity and singer Chiara Charlotte Mastroianni daughter of Catherine Deneuve and Marcello Mastroianni will be the face of Fendi’s advertising and marketing campaign for the L’Acquarossa aroma. Famous fashion photographer and music video director Jean-Baptiste Mondino will direct and capture the new campaign.
The perfume will be offered in a geometrically squared shaped red bottle with gold designs. The base of the fragrance bottle has a Gold lining and is engraved with the name of the perfume L’Acquarossa on one side and the house Fendi on the other. The golden stopper has a stylish onyx black face with the Fendi logo. The fragrance bottle has a modern mature character for the stylish and sophisticated woman.
Three Great Books to Improve Your Photography Career | Matthew James | A Copenhagen Photographer's Blog
Business, Gear, Marketing and SEO, Other photographers, Photography, Photography tips and advice, The Business of Photography
When I first started this journey of being a freelancer, I really didn’t have much of a clue about running a business. But the more jobs I got the more I realised what skills I needed to brush up on and dived head first in to a wide range of books, video and podcasts.
I’ll start in reverse chronological order, just to confuse things slightly. Best Business Practices for Photographers, by John Harrington, has been a huge game changer since I picked up a copy earlier this summer. I was told to buy it over three years ago, but for some reason kept putting it off. What a waste! Inside you’ll find sound advice on image licensing, invoicing clients, pricing your work and backing up your digital files. It’s already paid for itself, as I now add separate line items, such as transport costs and a fee for uploading images to my website for clients. Buy it; you won’t regret it.
Next up is No Plastic Sleeves; a book aimed at helping creative folk find their branding, and present it in a well-designed portfolio. Just looking at some of the ideas makes you realise how much talent there is out there, forcing you to reconsider just how hard you need to work to truly stand out. They also have a website that is handy if you’re looking for inspiration and ideas.
Both the book and website are perfect if you want to spend time defining your image and crafting something amazing.
Last on my list is The Hot Shoe Diaries, by Joe McNally. Some of you might be familiar with Joe’s style and portfolio, but for those who don’t he’s a man who’s pretty much done everything in the photography world.
This book centres on flash photography (I prefer the term Creative Light) and shows the readers techniques and written accounts of how he got the shot. I was introduced to it back in 2009, on the way to London to photograph a protest-turned-riot. The opening chapters introduced me to flash / camera settings that I applied that day, achieving pleasing results.
But it wasn’t until October 2013, after I met him in Copenhagen, that I was turned on to his musings once again. So I picked up a copy of this book and immediately set about experimenting with coloured gels, snoots, c-stands and reflectors. I spent a small fortune to get all of these new toys, of course, but I now use them as often as possible
All three of these books will have a positive impact on your photography and business skills, though No Plastic Sleeves is a bit harder to digest. If you have access to a space where you can create, and tools to get the job done (leather, wood, a drill) then you’ll have lots of fun with this one.
Biz Practices for Togs is pure written information, without any beauty, but it really makes you feel that someone is on your side who knows the industry inside and out. And McNally is just McNally. If he doesn’t make you want to learn flash then nothing will.
The Hilton San Diego Bayfront was transformed into a night in Wonderland for the USS Essex party last Thursday. The spacious Indigo Ballroom can accommodate close to 3,000 people for dining, dancing, and photo opportunities. This beautiful space came alive with Mad Hatter themed centerpieces and Tim Burton inspired lighting. Guests even enjoyed chocolate tea cups […]
The Flying Monkey Show was an awesome event that took place at Hilton San Diego Bayfront’s Fox Sports Grill. This fun venue was spacious enough to hold a large event which included an R2D2 photo station, monkey photo station, Scooby Doo and the Mystery Machine photo op, and a stage where Flavor Flav performed. The PictureBakery […]
PinchCoach.com is the first free, comprehensive online solution for youth sports team and league management. We provide content, interactive tools and community resources to enhance the youth sports experience for youth sports athletes, parents, coaches and volunteers.
About nine months ago, Chris Lusher and I were closing another successful season coaching the Town & Country Mustang Division Blue Jays in Austin, TX. With more than fifteen years of coaching experience between us, we had seen our fair share of challenges in dealing with parents, players, schedules and all the surprises that make baseball the greatest game ever played.
It was out of that conversation that the idea behind PinchCoach.com would come to fruition. First, we realized that 75% of children in the United States abandon youth sports entirely by the age of 13. While competing interests and the increasing rigors of schoolwork cannot be ignored, a significant contributor this troubling statistic is an absence of consistent, qualified and properly equipped volunteers.
"If we were able to change that statistic, how would we do it, and what would the results look like," we asked ourselves.
Our response to that question led to the foundation of FairPlay Solutions, Inc. and our flagship product, PinchCoach.com. PinchCoach.com is the first free, comprehensive solution for youth sports team and league management. Our objective is to advance the cause of youth sports by providing tools, articles and community resources that benefit youth sports volunteers, players and parents.
With that said, we would like to invite all youth sports coaches to participate in an open Beta test for PinchCoach.com. As an early participant, coaches will have the opportunity to directly contribute to the cause we are all so passionate about. Our Beta testers' participation and feedback will help us all to better serve our players, parents and community.
To participate in the Beta test, please visit www.pinchcoach.com/coachregistration.aspx. We are thrilled to have the opportunity to serve the youth sports community through this endeavor!
Do you have any injuries or health conditions I should be aware of? If yes, do these prevent you from doing certain exercises or movements? *
I’ll be reviewing each application separately and will get back to you as soon as possible to let you know whether you’ve been considered for the three months of free coaching with my new beta programme.
Facebook is my main news hub where I share upcoming releases, gigs, photos, videos, and blogs. Typically, I post 3–5 times a week.
I also upload vlogs and gigs videos on YouTube and share travel photos, selfies, and studio routine on Instagram.
I’m happy to advise on such topics as production, performance, management, marketing, and design in the music industry and beyond. Send me your questions at daniellesden.com/advice/ask
To my English-speaking readers: the post below is written in the Russian language to help Russian music producers deal with foreign record labels. No worries if you don’t understand a thing :-)
Vail Buick GMC is excited about the new 2017 GMC Acadia. It has been ten years after the first generation of the Acadia launched. Usually vehicle sales decrease over time, but the Acadia has continued to experience success each year… Continue Reading →
Digital Electronics by Anand Kumar, digital electronics by anand kumar pdf, digital electronics by anand kumar pdf free download, fundamentals of digital electronics .
pdf of digital electronics by anand kumar .. Review and buy digital pdf free trial for mac electronics books online from Circuitstoday.com.Anand Kumar,Anil K .
.. year engineering.. the posted PDF has the fundamentals of digital circuits by anand kumar free pdf .. of Digital Electronics by anand kumar??? .. 15 AM #12.. JUST .
Digital Electronics by Anand Kumar PDF As should be obvious by the term focal length multiplier, multiplying the lens focal length by the crop factor gives the .
MIXSYS provides cutting-edge solutions for "Adaptive Mixing Technology" suitable for all industries and supported by continued research, innovation and development.
MIXSYS provides cutting-edge solutions for adaptive mixing technology suitable for all products, across all industries and is supported by continued research, innovation and development.
We are strategically located in Chicago, Illinois, providing unprecedented logistical support and convenience.
アイドル・モデル・女優・グラビアアイドルの水着ビキニグラビア画像の まとめサイトです。高画質 グラビアアイドル　セクシー画像 キャプチャー。競泳水着.スクール水着から懐かしのアイドル・女優・タレント・女子アナ・海外外国人のグラビアを掲載しています。 アダルト18禁な内容は掲載していません 毎日更新
Welcome to ASVAB Practice Tests, a free website that is designed to help you with your ASVAB test prep and review. Each of our free ASVAB practice tests includes challenging practice questions along with detailed explanations. Whether you are preparing for a career in the Army, Navy, Air Force, or the Marines you will need to pass the ASVAB test. If you study for this test it will make a big difference in your final score. Get started now with our free ASVAB practice tests!
Our BDSM sex tube will make you understand why so many people around the world choose to enjoy painful sex - or full control over their pain-loving slaves. We offer you loads of video so intense you just won’t be able to keep yourself in from cumming to them.
The kids were a great help to me today... scrubbing, vacuuming, dusting, mixing, taste-testing, etc. And then we had a great evening of personal and God stories over American falafel and veggies. Today was a blessing. Thank you, God.
A copper mining company has been ordered to build a new bat cave as habitat for bats that are currently living in a cave slated to be destroyed.
Do you have an idea or suggestion? Found a bug somewhere on the site? Just want to chat? We'd love to hear from you.
Start your day at the Chatham Airport with one of the Cape’s best breakfasts at Hangar B – don’t miss their new Hangar Below Grab + Go spot for epic deliciousness on the fly!
Take in the exquisite natural beauty of Chatham with a trip down Shore Road and visits to the Tern Island Sanctuary, Chatham Lighthouse, Monomoy National Wildlife Refuge and the United States Coast Guard Station.
Work off your lunch with a walk downtown stopping and shopping at Fisherman’s Daughter, Sundance Clothing, Yankee Ingenuity, and Mark August.
Perk up with a coffee at the newly opened Snowy Owl Coffee Roasters (of Brewster fame) or some samples at the Gustare Oil and Vinegar Tasting Room followed by a pint at The Squire or cocktails and oysters at Chatham Bars Inn.
Gallery window shop down Main Street before taking in a film at the super cool renovated Chatham Orpheum followed by a bustling sushi dinner at Bluefins or a cozy meal at The Talkative Pig.
Have you been locked out of your property in the middle of the night and can’t afford to wait for morning hours to be let back inside? Hire our emergency locksmith opening 24 hr service! We are an emergency mobile locksmith that has been operating in the Casselberry, FL region for close to a decade. Our locksmiths are experienced professionals that can get you back inside your property in a short span of time, without charging you an extravagant amount.
Being mobile locksmiths, we can provide you a doorstep emergency locksmith opening 24 hr service. As soon as you contact us, we can send a team that’s nearest you to your location. We maintain a network of locksmiths in Casselberry and beyond. Our mobile vans carry all our tools and inventory, which is what, allows us to handle the opening request on-site. If it has a door and a lock, we can get it to open. We are available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week, all year round – including on major holidays. Unlike some other services, we won’t charge extra for night work or just because it’s an emergency.
Our emergency locksmith opening 24 hr service can get residential and commercial entry doors and garage doors open. We can also get a car door open, with the help of our advanced tools. We don’t cause any damage to your property, if at all possible. Sometimes it’s necessary to drill the lock open, but we’ll replace it with a new high security variant from our inventory. If the fault lies with the door hardware, we can install new doors for you.
Losing the combination to a file cabinet or a safe doesn’t have to be an unmitigated disaster. Our emergency locksmith opening 24 hr service can open both items without causing any damage to your valuable possessions inside. We can also then replace the lock on the items with a new one. Sometimes we have to destroy the lock in question, and sometimes we can open it without damage – it all depends on the model of your safe.
Casselberry Locksmiths employs a team of very experienced locksmiths that have been handpicked based on their experience and expertise. We also give them plenty of training so they can handle emergency situations better.
Maybe I've outgrown this series or something because I keep putting it down and not wanting to pick it back up.
When Ryan gets the right(!?!) idea and thinks she wants a relationship/sex with both him and Mzatal, he questions her values(who wouldn't). She gets pissed off, yells at him, doesn't listen to what he has to say and storms into her room, slams the door and cries. Yep, maturity is thy name.
Located in the heart of the coveted Silver Hill neighborhood of Weston this lovely colonial home is warm and inviting and filled with lots of natural light. The home sits majestically on a picturesque lot with gorgeous perennial gardens and stone walls. This five bedroom five full bath colonial features an elegant entry with curved front stairs. Beautifully detailed formal living room with floor to ceiling bookcases, crown moldings, French doors, and extra large windows. The large formal dinning room... Continue Reading >
Great new listing in the beautiful Maple Park Estates area of Norfolk. This impeccably cared for, custom constructed home is sited graciously on a picturesque lot. With terrific curb appeal and a stately, but inviting architectural style, the home sits amidst mature trees and professional plantings. The interior is defined by superior craftsmanship including a custom chef's kitchen, "heavy" stone fireplace, detailed architectural trim work with built-ins, and hardwood floors throughout the first level. Discriminating buyers will find the elegant yet warm floor... Continue Reading >
One of the biggest seller myths when listing a home for sale, is that sellers automatically assume they have to list with an in town real estate company because they have all the buyers. The first thing sellers should know is, buyers don't care who you list with. That's correct. You will never hear a buyer say, "I’m going to see that house because it’s listed with the top agent and firm in town." Don’t Be Fooled. Not Everyone Can Be The # 1 Realtor. Can They? The reality... Continue Reading >
24 Garden Road in Newton sold for $1,250,000. One of our builder clients bought the home to renovate. Located at the base of Farlow Hill and on one of Newton Corner's prettiest streets, this 10 room, 6 bedroom, 3.5 bathrooms, slate roof, shingle and stucco colonial has elegance, grace, and charm. Our builder client who does a lot of high-end remodeling projects has plans for a complete and thorough renovation. As with many popular neighborhoods in Newton there is a great deal of exciting home improvement... Continue Reading >
In the luxury towns we work in and in most Massachusetts towns, determining a property's fair market value based on the town's assessed value for the land and buildings can be largely inaccurate. Often times the general public is confused about the numbers because realtors fail to educate their clients on the significant difference between the two figures. We often find that looking at the assessed values is about as accurate as using Zillow.com to figure out what a home is worth. If you have... Continue Reading >
Homes Sold in Weston MA in 2013 Total Number of Weston Homes Sold Through Massachusetts Multiple Listing Database, (MLS) – 166 Additional Number of Weston Homes Sold Not through MLS – 46 We didn’t sell all those homes behind the scenes but we were involved in many of those transactions. Least Expensive Weston Home Sale - 436 North Ave sold at $490,000. Most Expensive Weston Home Sale - 5 Willow at $10,000,000. Most Expensive Home Sale in Massachusetts In 2013 – Dartmouth Street Boston sold at $14,500,000. Average Weston List Price -... Continue Reading >
When you can, get a referral from someone you trust. Check references. If possible, see jobs the contractor has completed. Ask your town's building department to see if they know of your contractor and ask about their reputation. They will let you know If there are any red flags. Lastly, check with the Better Business Bureau or the local Chamber of Commerce for complaints against the contractor. Get at least three written estimates on any job. We do not always choose the lowest; we choose the contractor we trust the most to get ... Continue Reading >
Ten great reasons to sell your Massachusetts home during the Holiday Season. 1. By selling now, you may have an opportunity to be a non-contingent buyer during the Spring, when many more houses are on the market for less money! This will allow you to sell high and buy low. 2. You can sell now for more money and we will provide for a delayed closing or extended occupancy until early next year. 3. Even though your house will be on the market, you... Continue Reading >
List Date 6/20/2013 16 Knollwood Road, Dover MA 02030 $814,000 Style: Colonial Rooms: 9 Bedrooms: 4 Baths: 2f, 1h Living Area: 3066 Acres: 1.02 (44639) Year Built: 1972 Remarks: Looking for a "Diamond in the Rough?" This well maintained Classic New England Colonial has been cherished and enjoyed for years and awaits new owners. Perched on a private lot in one of Dover's best neighborhoods. Home has great potential and offers deceiving space with large fireplace family room and bonus great room, elegant living & dining rms, large kitchen. Ask... Continue Reading >
When buying a home you need to be serious and do your research. But it should also be an exciting and fun time in your life. We like our clients to have some fun as they search for their dream home. If you follow these 10 tips, the process can be less stressful as well as enjoyable. You have to accept the fact that there is no “right” time to buy, just as there’s no perfect time to sell. If you see a home you... Continue Reading >
We uncovered this wonderful good bones home in Weston for one of our investment partners who...Continue Reading!
Dear Mike and Jim, I seldom open mail from realtors, there must have been an angel...Continue Reading!
Copyright © 2014 The Palmer Group Log in Design by Real Estate Tomato Powered by Tomato Real Estate Blogs IDX Log In
MT. Cho-oyu Tibetan name 'Qowowuyag' refers to" the chief of all the respected teachers". Towering in the middle section of the Himalayas, it appears tall and majestic. Measuring 8210 m in height, it is listed as the sixth highest peaks in the world. Divided by the Northeast ridge and Southwest ridge, it straddles the Sino- Nepal border. The south side belonging to the Kingdom of Nepal and north side belonging to Tingri country of Tibet Autonomous region of China. We follow the northwest ridge to reach the summit of this 6th world highest peak. Cho-oyu is still unclimbed from south side due to its technical gradiant but is considered as one of the most technically straightforward from north side. Anyone, who does not want to take high risk but still want to climb 8000 m peak and then Mt. Cho-Oyu, is probably a best option.
Cho Oyu & Shishapangma have been the focus of many commercial expeditions and has a comparatively high success rates, for an 8000-meter peak.
First climb in 1954 by four people, H. Tichy, S. Jocher, Pasang Dawa and Lama, CHO-OYU, now has high percentage of summit rates every season. Still, nothing is easy above 6000 meters, it's 8000m. This is real expedition and rules are like that of Mt Everest & required complete & fully prepared expedition. You should be mentally & physically prepared and should not attempt if you have doubt in your climbing. Logistically, you drive to base camp by luxury Japanese land cruiser jeep with some days of acclimatize on way.
I’d like to thank Loben Expeditions and in particular Lila (cook) and Asta (helper) for all their hard work and help during the trip. Without them, it would have been much harder and far less enjoyable trip. We were all super happy with the service that Loben and his crew provided ..https://davesearle.me/2012/12/
"In reference to conditioning your cigars, you do not need no worry about that. As they come into Switzerland's official importer, they are frozen right away before inspection. They then come to us and we also freeze them once again to prevent any damage. This double process is quite efficient and guarantees that your cigars are safe when they arrive to your home.
You can therefore directly stock them in your humidor and enjoy them after a giving them a well deserved time of rest."
maltakias έγραψε: As they come into Switzerland's official importer, they are frozen right away before inspection.
Explore our free ASVAB review provided by Mometrix. Check out our premium ASVAB study guide to take your studying to the next level. If you benefit from these materials, just click the link below! To compliment our ASVAB book, we also offer extensive flashcards for even more ASVAB test prep help. We hope you enjoy our products! Your purchase helps us make more great, free content for test-takers just like yourself.
There have been some icicles hanging on to the clothes lines for a while now. The other day, I decided that it might be fun for the kids to play with them. (Read: I wanted my children to help me melt away Winter.) The boys did an excellent job... playing.
The other day, G and I were sitting on our favorite chair, looking out the back window, while the twins were napping. And this was part of our conversation:
Our first egg from the new group of hens! They were making a terrible racket yesterday and so Rob went out to make sure that the mapache hadn't attacked. While he was out there, he fluffed up the hay in the nesting boxes and the four of them jumped in and nestled down. A while later, I suggested that Rob check and... Voila!
The poster stated that nudity would be mandatory for attendees at all finals. I do not want in any way to denigrate Bouchelle, but frankly in my view the first prize should have been a tie between Ballo and Monza. Cockwatcher December 30, at 1: I shall be interested to see where he stands in the next IFNB event, whatever that is going to be. Then later you could republish the same set of photos with the identities of the cock-owners revealed.
DMCA: axmk.info is not responsible for the content on sites that is linked to. All img and videos on axmk.info are believed to be public domain. If you have a problem with a site that is linked to, or if you own copyrights on an image or video posted on axmk.info, please email: [email protected], and it will be removed.
We provide discrete and high class escorts in the Rotterdam area. The services our girls offer range from all types of sexual activities to an intimate dinner and night out. You can invite our girls to your home or hotelroom. Our offering is diverse and varied, we believe that we can offer.
Registration is now open for our conference on ‘Urban Life and the Built Environment in the Roman World’ (Leiden, 7-9 december 2016). Attendance of the conference will be free of charge, but as space is limited, and we need to plan for refreshments please register by sending an email to m.flohr@hum.leidenuniv.nl before November 25, 2016.
More information on the conference can be found here. A full programme with abstracts can be downloaded here.
This conference builds upon recent and ongoing discourse in the study of Roman urbanism to explore the relation between architecture and society in the Roman world. While recent decades have seen spectacular developments in the theories and concepts that inform the study of Roman urbanism, not all spheres of urban life have profited equally, a lot of discourse has gravitated around a limited number of showcase sites (particularly Pompeii and Ostia), and there have been relatively few attempts to draw links with the world beyond Central Italy.
This conference focuses on four spheres of activities—religion, politics, commerce, and movement—and brings together specialists focusing on several parts of the Roman world, with a particular focus on the more densely urbanized regions in the Mediterranean. Approaches will vary between micro-scale and more wide-ranging, and issues on the agenda particularly include the identification of regional trends, and the impact of urban development on local communities.
such as video and radio commercials (which expenditure a destiny for every merchandise), product positioning
neopets games paper games for mothers day 1) Sex therapy -- to be held in the form of one on one sessions
customers by hacking into devices sold by the US carrier, further fueling the controversy over privacy
Jonathan will startcomplaining because he hates the star anise smell, but it brings me back to my childhood
the avoidance of medical errors or adverse events, is one of the most significant issues facing health
What — and what are you hearing from — because obviously we're seeing kind of like the consolidation of kind of like the large health plans
now and would just like to say cheers for a fantastic post and a all round interesting blog (I also love
recognition, mission awareness, influence, and perceivedvalue in the eyes of health consumers. Greece
vessel and heart health and overall cardiovascular function We use no harsh chemical solvents, delivering
HIPAA enforcement is assigned to the OCR, which was involved in noteworthy enforcement efforts and recoveries in 2014
should look for a blaze, which in English can mean more things: an engraving on a wood or a rock? Or perhaps
naked breasts. It isn't pleasant and leaves skin soft and fresh, then this over ANY polish, expensive
Not only do they want to prevent us from knowing about the crimes Bradley Manning exposed, exposures that have led to no negative consequences in terms of national security according to the government, our government isn't allowing us to really know what's happening at his trial. And the corporate media is going along. Watch this video supporting him. When they threaten to kill a person for informing us of incidents that are in the public interest they threaten us with tyranny. It's not democracy if we aren't allowed to know the relevant information.
Bill Black, associate professor of economics at the University of Missouri-Kansas City, puts it pretty well in this article, talking about the Heritage Foundation in a way that I've discussed before. Their so called "Index of Economic Freedom" represents faux empiricism in service to ideological dogmas. More from Black:
Modern theoclassical economics has made an art form of fake empiricism produced by fake think tanks that shape their product to please their corporate founders/donors. The products may look like science, but it is simply dogma misrepresenting reality in an intellectually dishonest manner.
His focus is on Ecuador, which has run in exactly the opposite direction of the policy recommendations of groups like Heritage, which advocates Washington Consensus neoliberal policies. The result is a 7.8% economic growth rate, 4.1% unemployment (the lowest in Latin America) and even more impressively, economic growth that is for the benefit of not just the richest members of society, but also the others. Black asks how Heritage handles the case of Ecuador? Naturally they try to spin it like it's not too impressive.
Here Krugman discusses recent data they offered to the Senate that was false and deliberately misleading. Here Krugman discusses another recent bit of fraud from one of their white supremacist types. Sadly people continue to take them seriously. That's the power of money.
NSA whistleblower Russ Tice talks about how then candidate for Senate Barack Obama was being surveilled by the NSA. Thanks to Examinator for the tip off on this one. If you had any doubt about the potential for abuse of this program, consider that whatever skeletons existed on Obama's closet are now possibly known by the NSA. Is the most most powerful man in the world being controlled by potentially embarrassing information? You sometimes wonder how a community organizer and Constitutional lawyer like Barack Obama can turn into a war mongering, Constitution shredding lunatic, going in 100% the opposite direction of what his rhetoric during the campaigns would suggest. Obviously I don't know. For all I know he could just be a psychopath with no real moral bearings, just saying whatever is expedient for securing power. But could he be bending to the powers that know his secrets? While we can't know it we know it's the very kind of thing that the laws in our country were designed to guard against. We know the temptation for those in power will be to exploit this NSA program in exactly this manner. People that have power strive to retain their grip on power, and this is how you do it. This is a travesty that exposes how undemocratic our institutions are, and getting worse.
In a related note, researches are working on drones that look like mosquitos. They'll be in our homes surveilling, securing their grip on power, unless we stop it.
I'm still pounding away at my language learning mission. It's going OK. One thing I tried as a teaching aid briefly was Voice of America for China. Basically it's blatant US propaganda directed at the Chinese. What's nice about it though as a teaching aid is you get a transcript and the text is spoken by the news anchors. So what I tried to do was first take the transcript and paste it into Google Translate. This gives me a kind of rough translation and it also gives me the romanized version of the text. So for instance you see 中 and Google Translate tells you it is pronounced zhōng and also gives you the main definition. Then I'd just work through it by translating the individual words. I was thinking I'd note words that I thought would make good additions to my flash card program. Then knowing kind of what is being said I'd listen to the anchors read it and try to follow. It was a pretty big undertaking. I only tried it briefly because I found something else that worked better for me.
Anyway, here's a translation I did from the broadcast from February 8 of this year. Interesting in light of the recent disclosures about how Obama has drawn up a list of targets for cyber attack. VOA paints China negatively for doing the same back in February. A Chinese friend at work was watching VOA yesterday I noticed and I asked him what they were talking about. They were aggressively criticizing Edward Snowden for revealing that the US is doing exactly what VOA criticized China for doing back during the show I transcribed. My translation was literal, word for word, which is why grammatically it's so strange. I have one line in black and then my literal word for word translation of that black line follows in bold, then this is repeated. The end is interesting. "China does not hesitate through internet crime to advance it's economic and political interests." Pot meets kettle.
Washington – one class week come, several class (he?) internet related de news cause widespread attention.
power, because China government and state-run enterprise not hesitate through internet crime come get
So I have been so out of it between certain family events, being on vacation, etc, that I knew nothing of Greenwald's bombshells until late Friday and didn't get a chance to read his columns until Saturday. So people reading this I'm sure already know what's going on. He had been somewhat limited in his access to cable news since some of his Wikileaks appearances where he embarrassed the critics, like what happened here with Fran Townsend. I'd read he didn't go on CNN again after that appearance. Until now. He's back on. And he's doing to others what he did to Fran Townsend and the idiot CNN host back then.
From the right wing Newsbusters website, watch him expose the CNBC host's errors and spin. Here he is with CNN's Anderson Cooper taking on Ari Fleischer. Here in a fair interview with Howard Kurtz he addresses some of his critics.
Unfortunately, but for me unsurprisingly, polls show a majority of Americans do support this total surveillance state that has been revealed. I think we shouldn't get discouraged by that. Even Greenwald himself after 9-11 still bought off on a lot of lies, generally assumed our government was engaging in foreign policy with benevolent intent, and supported the invasion of Iraq from a kind of uninformed perspective that granted the benefit of the doubt to our leaders. This was the place I found myself in as well. I think a lot fewer Americans are similarly duped today. We need to keep plugging away.
I want to address one argument you hear frequently from people that don't object to this total surveillance that is in the hands of this largely unaccountable institution called the NSA. People say they don't object because they have nothing to hide. If you have nothing to hide and it can conceivably prevent terrorism, what's the harm?
But it's not necessarily about what you have to hide. Consider that Edward Snowden said he had access to everything, even conceivably emails involving the President. Can democracy really function in this way? Suppose Snowden had a friend facing a DUI. What's to stop him from taking a look at emails from the presiding judge, digging for something to embarrass the judge and pressure him to offer a favorable ruling? What's to stop someone from serving the interests of a powerful corporation that wants to pollute in your district from taking a look at your Congressman's history. Suppose he discovers an affair. Then for reasons that aren't clear your Congressman suddenly doesn't mind putting a toxic landfill upstream from your house. What's to stop even more powerful people from similarly manipulating the President?
This is not a hypothetical scenario. This is exactly the kind of abuse that was going on with the FBI under J Edgar Hoover. You can be sure it's happening now. Give unaccountable people all the power and they'll abuse it. That's why we have a 4th amendment to our Constitution.
Mika Brzezinski takes on Glenn. Wow, it's hard to find a person more skilled. And it's kind of like Chomsky. He has his facts in order, so to try and spin just doesn't work. We couldn't ask for a better spokesperson than Glenn Greenwald. You see how these talk show hosts get embarrassed and you understand why they don't want to interview him.
A brief an interesting excerpt here includes some interesting historical details regarding the Cuban missile crisis. If you didn't already know our leaders, though often praised for their handling of the issue, in fact acted in ways that appear insane. Also a few details about the current crisis with N Korea, which frankly for most Americans, me included, is just completely shrouded in mystery. Yeah, we know their leaders are a bit nuts, but I always feel like there's a lot to the story we aren't getting. Chomsky provides some of that mostly unknown background.
Raised as an evangelical, biblical inerrantist and political right winger I became an atheist and finally left winger later in life. I love to argue since I believe argument is what helped turn my former false beliefs into true ones, and that's been good for me. This blog is kind of a place for me to collect resources that justify my beliefs and also to continue to have arguments that refine and improve my views.
In order to fully utilize the abilities of this classified system, the administrator will probably require that you register as a member. Registered members are having more access than unregistered users. The level of access depends on the membership account you belong to.
To register, you will need to specify a username and password, and a valid email address. Entering your email address will not leave you open to 'spam', as you can choose to hide your email address, and messages sent to you via email do not reveal your address to the sender in any case. (To verify this, you can try sending an email message to another user.) The administrator may have configured the board to send you the final part of the registration process by email, so ensure that the email address you provide is valid and working.
Have you registered? Seriously, you must register in order to login. Have you been suspended from the system (a message will be displayed if you have)? If so then you should contact the webmaster to find out why. If you have registered and are not suspended and you still cannot login then check and double check your username and password. Usually this is the problem, if not then contact the webmaster. They may have incorrect configuration settings for the system.
If you do not select "yes" on the "Automatically login when you return to the site?" on your profile preferences then ths system will only keep you logged in for a preset time. This prevents misuse of your account by anyone else. To stay logged in select "yes" on the above. This is not recommended if you access the board from a shared computer, e.g. library, internet cafe, university cluster, etc.
Don't panic! You can retrieve your password easily. To do this go to the login page and click "I've forgotten my password", follow the instructions and you should be back online in no time.
All your settings (if you are registered) are stored in the database. To alter them click the "Profile" link (generally shown at the left hand of pages but this may not be the case) and click on "Preferences". This will allow you to change all your settings
The use of cookies on this system is required to track your current session, ensuring that you remain logged-on while browsing the site. However, unless you choose to log in always, your cookies are removed within a preset time.
You may clear all your cookies by logging out. If you return to the main index page via the link provided and you are still logged in, you may have to remove your cookies manually.
It is your responsibility to keep the information in your profile up-to-date. You should especially ensure that your email address is kept current. To change your profile, click on the "Profile" link, usually located to the left hand of pages and click on "Update profile" link. You can alter any of the fields in your profile, except your username.
In your preferences you will find an option to be in "Invisible Mode", if you switch this on you'll not be visible by other members as online. You will be counted as a hidden user.
Click on the "Post Listing" link, usually near the top of the page. You will need to login to be able to post a listing.
On Step 4: You can attach an image to your listing to enhance the chances of user response. You can either upload a new image or choose one from your available gallery.
To make changes to your listing, click the link for the portion of the listing that you wish to change.
When you're finished editing, click the "Post Listing" button. Your listing may need to get approved before it is going live.
If you want to edit, click on the edit link and start from step 1 of the posting process. However, your old entries are there.
When you edit your listing, it's removed from search and will be sent back through the listing approval process.
When you reply to a listing, you're sending a message from your private mailbox to the private mailbox of the user who posted the listing. The same process happens when you reply to a message that you've received in your own private mailbox.
In the future we will be adding an ignore list to the private messaging system. For now though if you keep receiving unwanted private messages from someone inform the board admin. They have the power to prevent a user from sending private messages at all.
On the "To" field, enter usernames of people you want to send private messages to, separated each with a semicolon.
1. You will need to record your introduction using a microphone and/or web cam and your favorite software. Or you can download a free demo to use at the following links
2. It would be best to save it in a "your file".swf format as it will give you more time for your allowed disk space
select audio or video, type in your title and click on upload. Please be patient as the file uploads.
4. After the file(s) are uploaded you will need to edit your listing and select the appropriate file for your audio and/or video resume
You can upload as many images as allowed by your Webmaster. Your images must be one of the allowable type.
You have used all your available upload credit. You may contact the webmaster or upgrade your account to have more upload credits.
Copyright © 2006-2012 Localhelpwanted.net. We, along with many other job boards and newspapers, offer help wanted ads. We are not associated with,endorsed,sponsored by,related to,owned or operated by any newspaper or job boards,including,without limitation,"regional help wanted" job boards"helpwanted","local","Monster",Careerbuilder","Careerjet","Indeed","Juju", "TopUSAJobs","Job-Search-Engine","EmploymentGuide","HotJobs" or other job boards.
The Copyright Act 1994 applies to all materials on this site. For further information, see Conditions of Use and Ordering.
For almost a century, the U.S. military has been a pioneer in the field of using aptitude tests to evaluate an individual’s potential for service. The organization also uses the test to determine aptitude for various military occupational specialties (MOS). The use of aptitude tests began during World War I. While the group-administered Army Alpha test measured verbal and numerical ability as well as general knowledge, the Army Beta test was used to evaluate illiterate, unschooled and non-English speaking volunteers and draftees. The Army and Navy General Classifications Tests replaced the Alpha and Beta tests as a means to measure cognitive ability during World War II. The results of these tests, as well as additional classification exams, were used to assign recruits to a particular MOS.
Recognizable artwork! I love it! The pale sun off to the left, mixed with the brown (We live in the city.) rain to the right, make a rainbow. And that is a hippo, wading in the water.
Last time we all went on adventure together we were in Reykjavik, the capital of Iceland. We arrived when it was getting dark and we decided to stay inside the first evening. The assistant went to the out door swiming pool.
We looked out of the window and saw the cooling tanks of the water and the revolving restaurant atop of the tanks.
Iceland is stragen, it has only hot water and must make cold water. They are lucky to have cold weather so they can have some cold water too. The assistant loves all the pools and hot tubs in Iceland. We stay dry.
One day we looked around Reykjavik. It is not so big and we liked it. They have a church that looks like Washington Monument from a distance.
The church is calle Hallgrim's Church and is the tallest building in Iceland. Outside the church is a statue of Leif Eriksson. He discoverd America long time ago and he came from Norway too. He went the opposit direction on me...I can from Canada to Norway (and so did Bonnie and Frank too) and he came from Norway and went to Canada...I think that's where he went...
Many of the houses in Reykjavik have nice colours and people have huge cars. Because Iceland have so much heat people don't have to conserv heat, not even in the winter. When we walked down the high street many shops keept the door open... The assistant trued to close it, because we conserve heat in the winter, but they asked her kindly to leave it open.
In Iceland people make lovely food and nearly everywhere you can find some really really tasty food that is prepared beautifully. The have nice places to sit and have tea and hot chcolate and people are friendly.
It was our first trip to Iceland and I think I will go back one day. Bonnie liked the landscape with the lava formations a lot, and Frank was happy it was much warmer than he had expected. Henrietta was happy to be where the reat of us were.
It was a spectacular trip for us, and we will have to go horse back riding and gourmet dining next time.
Wow, what an amazing trip! I didn't know that about Iceland and the heat. So your blog is even educational! Thank you so much! And I can't tell your bum is cold at all in the last picture, you did a great job of pretending it wasn't.
I wud love to go dere. She haz bin 15 years ago but I wud luk to go an she wud lyke to go agen. Looks luk you had grate time
Re yor cold bum- I find it handy to allways carry a small plastik bag foldid up in yor coat pokkit. Yu can yews this to sit on if it's cold. Yu can also yews it for carrying stuff as yu never now wen yu will come across an intrestin shaped stone, for exampol.
I have been taking my dog to this clinic for approx six years and find it to be a very friendly and helpful environment. Dr. Flores is patient, knowledgable and kind. He takes the time to answer all of my questions and I trust him completely with the care of my best friend.
At Bearss Animal Clinic, we take pride in the fact that we’re always offering our clients new and innovative treatment options to better serve their pets’ veterinary care needs. To that end, we now offer cold laser therapy at our clinic in Tampa FL. The Class IV Laser Therapy is a non drug, non surgical treatment that has been proven to reduce pain and inflammation, increase mobility and speed healing from injury or surgery. To learn more about this option for treatment, watch the video below or ask one of our staff members. We’d be happy to answer any questions you may have and discuss whether this treatment option would benefit your pet.
Cats are notorious for being mysterious, kept-to-themselves creatures. Have you ever wondered what your cat is thinking? Here, a Tampa veterinarian offers insight into your cat’s body language so you can understand your feline friend … Read More »
Posted in Behavior	Tagged body, body language, ears, head, interpreting cat body language, legs, tail, Tampa animal hospital
Unless otherwise specified, the entire contents of this web site; images, art and any/all subwebs, are the exclusive property of the DenniLu Company and may not be reproduced in any format, at any time, for any purpose. These images may not be used in any business or commercial endeavor. Any violations will be pursued to the fullest extent allowed by law. DenniLu Company is under license from Apple Corps Ltd.
Paul McCartney and Linda Eastman the day together in Los Angeles, attending a club before returning to the hotel in the early morning hour.
Paul McCartney addressed a sales conference where he announced that all future Beatles records would be released through the group's Apple Records label. Then he met up with Linda.
Reduction mixdowns of "A Day in the Life", vacating tracks for more overdubbing, began this 7:00 pm to 1:10 am session. Take six was marked "best" and so was adorned with another John Lennon lead vocal, Paul's bass and Ringo's drums. Paul's vocal also appeared for the first time. Here was a prime example of how the Lennon-McCartney songwriting partnership had evolved: John's song had a beginnng and an end but no middle; Paul's had a middle but no bginning or end. But the two pieces came naturally together, creating a complete picture and the impression that they were intended as one. The illusion was compounded by the fact that Paul's vocal, the first line of which was "Woke up, fell out of bed", occurred immediately after the alarm clock had been sounded on the original recording to mark the end of the first 24-count gap. Making good use of the happy coincidence, the alarm clock was kept on the track permanently.
Paul re-recorded his vocal on February 3, instantly wiping out this January 20th version, which served only as a rough guide, ending on an expletive after he had made an error.
Lastly, be sure you invest the time to aerate your soil. Some individuals love spending time making their lawn the greenest on the block, whereas others let the consultants take the reins. You consider asking if they would favor their lawn reduce with a scissors, which should take one man three days. Now, I know my sister loathed my mother and father - continuously struggling to "understand" Mother and staying married to a man she despised in an effort to "prove my Father wrong!" So I found it odd she was calling Mom and dad. In an effort to get it up to the forty I've needed to eat bran cereal (FIBER-1) everyday for breakfast and beans, peas, or baked potato . Over time, the pure thatch layer that retains lawns wholesome, makes them durable to stroll and play on, and protects the soil underneath from evaporation, will simply keep building up and constructing up. Brevard lawns is pleased to offer services in addition to lawn care.
Along with residential lawns, Lawn Plus additionally focuses on all points of athletic discipline building. Associated Articles Lawn Care Flyers, Do They Work? Home care of the damage that may cause rain and tree leaves. Clogged drains cause harm to the structure of the houses by creating leaks and cracks in the siding of the building. Enough to buy your self a used automotive each ten years (about once you'd need one, too). We’re right here everytime you want us, 24 hours a day, seven days per week. No dried specimens right here - only digital pictures of dwell critters! I work with Mr. Wayne Johnson the neighborhood electrician. Plant ornamental, nutritious plants as a part of your common lawn panorama design. Watering your lawn over night promotes diseases. Friday night we spent the night time watching the 2 part movie Coma. However it cannot be carried out shortly from one night time or day. When selecting a lawn fertiliser it is often greatest practice to choose one which is formulated and produced locally.
Writer: Benjy Mitchelle Lawn tractors are used to maintain land. read: https://plus.google.com/109934822347085575351/posts/LG9oKnBYgksYou are surely going to benefit from the knowledge that was included in this article. Virginia Virginia is another website we have that presents info on Virginia area real property. On the other hand, if you happen to leave your property to the charity/kids/church, it could be a sizable six- or seven-figure number. pop over to this website Perennials: Nearly all of those plants should have been divided either following their bloom or when the hardy annuals have been planted. Protects the plants in your backyard: Nobody would like the thought of drain water leaking out of clogged gutters and falling instantly on the small plants in your backyard. Having your gutters cleaned repeatedly is necessary for making certain that your drainage is working properly and is in good situation, helping to increase the life of your roof. go to my blog I stay up for more development and working with ya’ll again sooner or later.
For now. Whew. Solely 17 more months to go. Grass clippings must be lower than 1 inch, or no multiple-third of the overall plant height, to make sure rapid decomposition . In about ten days the weeds will have died again and you'll then take away the weeds and the thick tangled useless grass roots from your lawn by thatching. It is not any straightforward process to give you lawn mowing prices that are worthwhile in addition to acceptable to prospective clients. Florida. Are you in the Daytona Beach space. We are a licensed septic tank contractor. You might be eliminating litter. Pollinators in Colorado, and everywhere in the nation are at risk. They're also obtainable in a variety of colors and designs. Houses emphasize the cleaning soap's gentle cleansing attribute.Three the opposite extreme is the retail mail-order house business, which spends 14 percent of sales on advertising. In April 2010, the Zmyslys have been residing in a tiny room in Aimee’s parents’ house when “Aimee and Yuriy: A Love Story” appeared on the front page of a Sunday edition of the Chicago Solar-Times.
Soil quality can range tremendously from house to house and even inside the identical yard. A dinner get together at my home final evening, with Ilaiy serving as Visitor Chef: A roasting pan full if Indian rice & lamb (Biryani) made the way Mami makes it. Your property will burn down and you'll lose all the valuable possessions you've accumulated over a lifetime. This would possibly end in a collision or the mower would possibly drive over the driver. How they need to treat the rest of what we would name Creation—the earth, other animals, the waters and the air? All that may be rising in your backyard will need to have assist to see them by way of till the springtime warmth arrives. Neither have crimson payments though. Nonetheless it saves expensive lawn sprinkler repair payments sooner or later. A working example is the lawn aerator. Our landscaping and lawn mowing service crew has gone via a rigorous background examine and is absolutely insured. We offer complete property maintenance applications for spring, summer time, winter and fall. Does Amy even know what that is? Amy immediately makes cooking about being a bit particular person. We then apply a cleaner that suspends the soil.
You can now save time spent logging in by connecting your WordPress.com account to Beautifully Fractured.
If you are working woman or a mom-at-home, who is busy with her kids and household chores; you may not have time to get a new hair cut every month. Let alone the time, who will pay the hairstylist’s shoot-up bills? Under such a scenario, there is one solution for improving your hairstyle or your looks-that is to buy fashion wigs at Mid Sussex.
Real hair wigs though expensive always last longer than the synthetic hair wigs. But the real hair wigs require a lot of maintenance procedures to make them long lasting. Periodical brushing, washing and conditioning is necessary to keep them clean and natural looking. But the real hair wigs provide more styling options to the wearer.
You can dye them as well as use hot styling procedures on them without worrying about causing any damage to the real hair wigs. The real hair wigs also prevent excessive perspiration of the scalp but require styling after every wash. The real hair wigs are however safer to use while working near heated areas.
Home › wheels › comfortable office chairs without wheels › comfortable office chairs without wheels. exellent wheels low back comfortable swivel gaming office chairs without wheels throughout comfortable office chairs without wheels f
Get love problems solutions in your life within 60 second and with 100% guaranteed. Within the black magic astrology systematic call get advice from him.
This is dummy text. It is not meant to be read. Accordingly, it is difficult to figure out when to end it. But then, this is dummy text. It is not meant to be read. Period.
For therapists, practitioners, accountants, etc. Auto reminders and confirmation by email or SMS. Takes appointments for multiple employees / therapist. Online payment. Details here >>>
• Turnkey service, specialized in the wellness industry • Clarification of steps to take to develop your business, and marketing choices • Improved performance of marketing expenditure • Increase in qualified…
As a specialist Web Architect solely dedicated to “Natural Wellness Industry”, we have developed a repertoire of innovative revenue sources for Directories in this field. We are…
Recommendations for; Additional Revenues , Functionalities and User Friendlyness We have extensive experience in the area of ​​Innovative Revenue for Website. We offer you to analyse your…
• Turnkey service, specialized in the wellness industry • Clarification of steps to take to develop your business, and marketing choices • Improved performance of marketing expenditure…
We help governments elaborate a comprehensive strategic development plan that rallies all related sectors into a coordinated and well-integrated “Natural Wellness Industry”.
Reach this 200 million + worldwide market. We will help you with everything from translation to a strategic marketing plan.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent that survives. It is the one that is the most adaptable to…
We can undertake a customer satisfaction study to evaluate your improvement priorities and ask them what type of new products they would like to see you offer.
You can see you have a (1+x) so for the (1+x)^(n-1) you need an x^(k-1) and an x^k because if you expand (1+x)(1+x)^(n-1) you can see the 1 will multiply with the term with x^k and the x will multiply with the term x^(k-1) to give x^k.
I don't need a sound card as this is only for streaming. But DRS does need one as it cannot output to a null.
Depending on your server, can you get an inexpensive USB device? Some audio device just to route the output. It doesn't even have to really do anything, just be plugged in.
I'm not familiar with servers, but with some DAWs you just need to route a path to make the thing work.
The server is 8000 miles away and I cannot plug a usb into it. need something that mimics a sound card.
8000 miles. Well, since you put it that way. I guess a side trip during lunch to your local Guitar Center to find something to pop in the server is out of the question.
I could fly direct from here I am sure, but last time I was there, I went via Tokyo, then 14 hours across the Pacific.
If this is your first visit, you may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
BMC use cookies to optimize the design of this website and make continuous improvements. By continuing your visit the website, you consent to the use of cookies.
BMC air filters for bikes guarantee superior air capacity in respect to traditional paper filters enabling minimum loss of power in the air flow and therefore obtaining better performance from the engine.
BMC air filters are designed and produced to ensure a higher air flow than original paper filters. In F1, for example, BMC cotton filters minimize the loss of air flow pressure passing through the air filter; this way ensures the best conditions for full exploitation of maximum power. Therefore the benefits of replacing the original paper filter with BMC cotton air filter, produced using the same technology and materials as the F1 air filters, are evident.
BMC conical filters let you remove the original air box and provide long life, better performance and easiness to replace. These filters are available in the following versions: Single Air (SA) with a simple lateral airflow; Twin Air (TW) with lateral and central airflow.
The Carbon Racing Filter is BMC’s patented high performance sports air filter designed for road and competition vehicles. It features a 100% carbon fibre support structure with a cotton filter element.
The CARBON DYNAMIC AIRBOX is a patented system that replaces the car's original airbox channelling fresh air directly to the filter. The air is thermally insulated inside the carbon airbox and then conveyed to the engine through an air flow deflector.
The VAS air intake system consists of a steel inlet combined with a twin conical air filter. The VAS System uses the Venturi effect enhancing the air intake speed bringing beneficial effects. The VAS, which is available in two sizes, is currently used by official teams in GT competitions.
The Direct Intake Airsystem, with its particular structure, ensures that aspirated air is carried to the engine at a higher speed and capacity in respect to traditional systems, thus providing significant gains in engine performance.
China wants to make the rules in the international monetary system, which is why it has been acquiring vast amounts of gold through both private and official channels.
Because of the obscure nature of the Chinese gold market and the reluctance of Chinese officials to show their hand, nobody has been able to accurately calculate how much gold the Chinese have amassed.
Koos Jansen has studied the Chinese gold market and recently came up with an estimate of total Chinese gold holdings: 19,500 tonnes as at January 31, 2017.
According to Jansen’s estimates, total private holdings, including those of individuals and firms, are 15,500 tonnes. The official reserves of the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) are around 4,000 tonnes.
This would make China the second-biggest holder of gold after India. Private sector holdings for the US are unknown, but the Treasury still holds 8,134 tons in official reserves.
China got its gold from domestic mining; six hundred mines produced 490 tons of gold in 2015. In 2000, it had only 4,000 tons in total.
China imported about 1,300 tons of gold in 2016, mostly through Hong Kong, but also from Switzerland and the UK.
When the gold gets to China, it is sold through the Shanghai Gold Exchange, which also handles scrap supply and domestic mining. None of this supply is going to the central bank, but rather to consumers and companies.
As for the central bank, its purchases don’t show up in official import statistics. The central bank also uses commercial banks, which buy in Switzerland or South Africa, and ship the gold to China.
China needs the gold to internationalize the renminbi. If there are enough reserves behind it, they can make it a credible currency.
That’s also why China doesn’t allow even one ounce of gold or silver to leave its shores once they enter. As Jansen put it: “The West has been selling gold into a black hole.”
This Fast-Track Learning section of video and audio presentations is an easy way to gain knowledge about the precious metals industry and enable you to make well-informed decisions about diversifying your portfolio and maximizing wealth preservation.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 October 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 January 2014 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 November 2012 October 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 January 2012 August 2011 July 2011 May 2011 April 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 July 2010 January 2010 November 2009 October 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 March 2009 October 2008 August 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 April 2007 March 2007 November 2006 June 2006 May 2006 November 2005 April 2005 January 2005 October 2004 January 2002
Every June, Incrementum publishes one of the most comprehensive gold studies worldwide. Here you can read and download both the compact and/or extended version for free.
Gold demand of 973.5t was the lowest Q1 since 2008. The main cause was a fall in investment demand for gold bars and gold-backed ETFs, partly due to range-bound gold prices. Jewellery demand was steady at 487.7t, as growth in China and the US compensated for weaker Indian demand.
ScotiaMocatta, part of Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, is a global leader in precious and base metals trading, finance and physical metal distribution, with roots dating back to 1671.
Welcome to Crew, York's finest salon exclusively for men. We provide the finest quality of service unique cuts & an unforgettable experience, all just a stones throw from the historic York Minster.
Whether you are looking for classic	barbering	or	the	very	latest in contemporary cuts, Crew has the staff & the expertise to help ensure you are totally satisfied with your visit each & every time.
We take a great deal of pride in what we do & so we approach each individual client & their hair as it should be approached... individually! No two clients are the same so we ensure that we take in all the factors involved to create the best possible cut, from head shape through to hair condition. This helps us do what makes us happiest, consistently produce work that you, & we, can be proud of.
Why not pop in to the salon for a chat today? James, Matt, Scott and Paul would be more than happy to advise you on what we feel would work best or simply book an appointment if you already know what you like.
We offer a variety of services because no two people are the same. Some of our clients like to take their time & we have the facilities to offer you a coffee while you wait (or perhaps something stronger?), a wash & shampoo, cut, colour & beard trim, all at competetive prices. Others have a meeting at 1pm & a half hour lunch break so it's go, go, go! Whatever your time constraints or your personal preferences our years of experience mean we are able to adapt & work around you.
Hair fashion has become much more important to men in recent years & we appreciate that men who look good, generally feel good.
Our stylists have the creative flair & technical expertise to be able to fashion any of the latest styles & even go so far as to help mould a completely new one.
The Crew stylists have their foundations firmly rooted in the traditions of classic barbering, giving them a solid platform for any type of cut.
Classic cuts will never go out of style & with the high standard of training each stylist has undergone, you can be sure you will recieve the best treatment, whatever your style.
If you are looking to make a real statement or feel uncomfortable with the 'Salt & Pepper' look, we offer a full colouring service.
From Highlights to lowlights, full bleach to touch ups, our highly trained stylists will be happy to work with you in creating a look that expresses your unique personality.
"Our ethos has always been that Crew should be a place where men of all ages can feel comfortable & relaxed so that they can enjoy the experience that we offer. This isn't just a chop shop, we want our clients to walk out with a smile on their faces" - James, Lead Stylist
Crew is situated on Gillygate, one of York's oldest & most vibrant streets, just a stones through from the magnificent York Minster.
For those coming from further afield, we are fortunate enough to have a large car park just around the corner that can comfortably accomodate all of our clients.
It's the twenty first century & even our Nans are on twitter. Well, we're no different so, if you have an account follow us @crew_york.
We'll periodically send through special offers & run special promotions through this channel so you will be able to get a nice little discount... providing you are quick enough, of course.
If you need to get some work done (or some facebooking) whilst waiting, feel free to use our wi-fi access point & complimentary laptop. You can also find us on Facebook, just search for crew hairdressing for men.
We have a wide selection of Gentlemens literature & a Sony PS4 so you can play a bit of FIFA 14. And, if that doesn't float your boat, we have beer. EVERY bloke loves beer.
Below you can find some prime examples of the work we have done for clients in the last 18 months, as well as photos of the salon itself. If you would like to see more examples then why not take a look at our facebook page.
The Crew salon has been kitted out with the finest equipment to allow our stylists to provide the best service possible to our clients.
We have installed a PS4 (along with FIFA 14!) so that if you do end up waiting to be seen, you can pass the time honing the pirouette turn or 30 yard free kick!
We only stock products that we stand by and use ourselves. You will be able to find the finest here in the salon at competetive prices.
Our idea for Crew has always been that it should reflect the modern man & be a place where you can relax, in comfortable surroundings & be provided with a service that is second to none. If you feel that there is a way that we can improve that experience then we would love to hear from you; similarly if you have any events or services you would like to promote, please drop us a line.
"at least i'm free to fly" women's pink t-shirt. 100% designed and produced in Los Angeles. Free Air design by Andrew Schembri. A portion of all sales goes to community organizations.
Classic Tuscan style HOME on the Ocean, with high ceilings and sweeping ocean view/ Not your typical ''beach'' house, more like a beautiful home that happens to be on the beach. It doesn't look like a hotel or a museum, just a beautiful comfortable home. NEW ROOF with life time warranty, numerous new windows, entire home exterior freshly painted including walks and fences. MOVE IN READY, JUST BRING YOUR TOOTHBRUSH. Chef designed kitchen, sound proof movie theater with butter leather seating for 12, 2 game rooms, gym, and marble sauna. Oceanside is a sparkling pool, patio, open pergola and covered porch with fireplace and boardwalk to beach. Beach is very private with little activity
Directions: J.T.Butler Blvd east to A1A South. Go through Ponte Vedra past Mickler Rd. House is approx. 1/4 mile S of Mickler Rd on left. 1155 Ponte Vedra Blvd. NO SIGN
Additional Rooms: Entry Hall / Foyer; Separate Living Room; Family Room; Library/Office; Bonus Room/Game Room; Home Theater; Lndry/Util. (inside); Storage Room; Balcony; Glass Room; Sauna; Wine Cellar; 2nd Story-Bonus Room Only
Inside features Italian stone floors, stunning formal rooms with impeccable architecture and striking faux paints. An elegant theater room was designed and built for the perfect sound wave. The kitchen was designed by a professional chef complete with commercial wok and fryer, separate prep areas for clean-up and cooking, massive pantry, sub zero and multiple drawers for refrigeration to keep veggies separate from fish, etc. A magnificent office designed in rich cherry wood to amaze with a fireplace, library, wet bar and coffered ceilings and imported stone floors.. The house also features two game rooms, marble massage and steam room, fitness center with an ocean view wall of windows, separate mini kitchen at pool level with pass thru for entertaining, a climate controlled walk in wine cellar, an elevator, greenhouse room, huge master suite with private sitting area and balcony overlooking ocean, large master bath with multiple shower heads, towel warming drawer and heated floor. Every bedroom is a full suite in itself and each is separate offering ultimate privacy for all. Massive 4 car garage, multiple lg. storage rooms and closets, exterior gas powered generator, greenhouse room off kitchen area with great ocean views and sooo much more. Large emergency generator, whole house electrical commercial grounding systemto ensure no lightening strikes, Kitchen has water filtration system to set degrees of alkaline vs acid.
Kathy – Wow! Thank you, thank you and thank you! After having our house on the market with another Realtor for what seemed like forever, we met you. You listed our house, found a buyer, and helped us find our dream house. Not only are Continue Reading
Thanks is not the word that even comes close to experiencing our gratitude for all you have done. Thank you
Information is not guaranteed and should be independently verified for accuracy. By submitting any form with your telephone number you are consenting for Top Producers Real Estate Center and its authorized representatives to contact you. Your privacy is important. Your information will not be shared, sold or exchanged with anyone outside of the scope of this service.
Hey Daniel, a lot of forums, tutorials and courses out there recommend learning by using reference tracks, deconstructing arrangements and rebuilding sounds/presets.
This sounds fine in principle, but in practice, I can’t help wondering if this has also created a lot of similar sounding music on Beatport, across all genres.
It may take longer and be more challenging to not use any form of reference but do you think that ultimately, it will lead the producer (over months and years) to more authentic results?
If not, how do you recommend reference tracks/sounds/arrangements are used to enhance learning but not limit creativity?
That’s a great question, Doron. I’m in a camp with those who suggest learning and training your ears using a reference track indeed, and I do agree that stores are flooded with similar music with a lack of originality. But I don’t think that using a reference whilst learning is what caused this.
You see, there is a different between analysing and trying to recreate certain sounds for educational purpose and deliberate copying someone’s else music. When you just starting out, you seek for answers for the questions that puzzling you: how is this bassline made? Is that a saw or a square wave? Does my lead sits well in the mix? And learning other producer’s music is a great way to answer them. Those who want to blindly copy other’s music will find a way, anyway.
When I started this blog, people often asked me something like “are you not afraid sharing your trade secrets so the others will steal your tricks?”, and I always said “no, I don’t”.
For example, I shared the way I made the robotic texture and atmospheric effects used in my tracks. There is nothing really fancy about it, it’s all basic stuff for anyone with a decent experience, but for beginners it might be a breakthrough. “Hm, so he made the texture using a simple noise oscillator and a filter... what if I’ll change it to a saw wave instead? And do this instead of that?” — that type of thinking I would advise to have when you read a tutorial or when you use a reference track. Think of a general concept, a method that can be implemented in so many ways rather than using any given tutorial or reference as it is. This is how the learning curve goes.
Let’s take newspaper as an example. Typically, there are some current events printed on a low-grade paper, probably with some logo on the top and a big bold heading. You know it’s a newspaper just by looking at it. But I don’t think anyone accuses “The Guardian” of ripping off “The Time” or vice versa, or any other newspaper cloning each other. That’s because a newspaper is just a format of the production.
Now speaking about music, all those kicks, basses, mixdowns etc. are just a format of some particular genre. Let’s say, you know it’s a Psytrance when you hear a certain tempo and beat patterns. But you shouldn’t solely focus on that alone, and I think this is where many producers fall off.
Beginners forget that the content is what people listen to music for, same reason why they read the newspapers. And when I say content in terms of music, I’m don’t mean a fancy kick drum but rather a feeling, emotions that this track awakes in you; something that will make you want it to listen again and again. How to create an interesting music content is another huge topic, and it’s a talk for another time.
Fellow producers out there, I’m keen to know what do you guys think about it? The comments box below is open for you.
I have recently been contacted to submit a track for a compilation by a small label, Ghost Label Records. I know you have covered this before, but I have some questions about it. The contract I have been sent to sign seems a bit ‘dodgy’, specifically:
“a) All profits from sales of physical CD’s, digital downloads will be splitted 10% for the Licensor and 90% for the Licensee.
c) Payments may be withheld if sum does not match or exceed withholding amount of 1000 euro. The label’s accountant department will only contact the artist in the event their dues have reached 1000 euro. The label is not responsible for contacting the artist should their royalties not reach the withholding amount. ”
1, it seems a bit one-sided. Artist gets 10% label gets 90%? Is this a usual split? 2, it seems like they are saying that they will only pay me if the sales reach over 10,000 euros (highly unlikely). Is it standard practice to have a clause like this in a contract?
Having already been asked to re-do my mix as he wasn’t happy with the eq on the kick, which I did twice, I was then asked to re-write the first minute of the track because “the start of your track is very insufficient and poor. Till 01:10 the track has no meaning and sounds poor because only the kick/bass is playing”.
Is this standard practice for a label to ask for a rewrite of a track they have asked to include on a release?
Hamish, it’s good you questioned the contract because the terms you’ve mentioned doesn’t seem promising at all.
Typically, labels and artists have a 50-50% split share. That’s the industry standard. I heard some purely commercial labels offer 60–40 and even 70–30 split deals, but never 90–10. It’s a nonsense. Here is one of the contracts I previously signed to give an example:
“Payments may be withheld if sum does not match or exceed withholding amount of 1000 euro. The label’s accountant department will only contact the artist in the event their dues have reached 1000 euro.”
Some labels indeed withheld the sum until it reaches $50 or $100 just to make their accountant’s work easier, but $1000 is a scam. Don’t forget that stores and distributors also take their commission, so typically labels get only half of the price tag you see in the cart.
Let’s say, if an average price per track is €1, then the label’s share is 50 cents, which means your share would be 5 cents in this case. And that, in turn, means they would need to sell 20 000 copies just to reach that payable threshold of €1000 that suppose to go the artist. Basically, it means that’ll never gonna pay the artists, and I mean it — never, literally.
Don’t get me wrong, you should’t expect a solid income from music sales alone anyway. Releasing on a label has a marketing purpose. For example, I didn’t get a penny from my debut EP released on Ovnimoon Records back in 2012: they sent me a nice pack of CDs instead. That was a part of the original deal so that was fine by me, clear and simple. But when those guys from Ghost Label Records say they will pay you some money whilst in reality they won’t, I think it’s a scam. It’s up to you whether you want to deal with the people like this or not.
As for the second part of your question when a label asks to re-do the track, well, it depends. Generally speaking, I would say it’s a good sign, it means the label care. You can get an idea of what kind of feedback I give as an A&R at JOOF in the Tim Bourne’s success story. But looking at the contract terms above, I don’t think give a shit about the artists.
I have a couple of questions about playing a live act because I’m quite confused now about this topic. What do you need to do if you finished a few tracks and want to play them as a live act?
I watched some videos but I only saw people launching a few clips in ableton but I don’t understand how to play for example an hour long live act with many of your tracks. How to prepare your tracks? Chopping into kick, bass, leads etc? What about the arrangement? Sorry for the loads of question but I got lost in this.
Viktor, I cannot answer your question in details saying like “chop it here” or “map this to that” because there are a plenty of things I don’t know, giving any specific advice without knowing your music or setup as least would be unprofessional.
First of all, the question is what do you want to achieve. Why do you want to play live sets in the first place? How exactly do you want to make your tracks played live different from playing a record? How would you like to build up the set, both musically and energy-wise?
The next big question is the musical genre you playing because there are some differences too. For example, is it a Techno or Progressive that slowly builds up over time? Or it’s a fast-paced Psytrance with several melodic layers played simultaneously? Compare these two snippets:
I would say, the more intense, complex, and fast-paced your music is, the less freedom you have on the stage. Well, no surprise: supposedly you have only two hands, so the numbers of things you can manipulate in a given time are pretty limited. And it’s important to understand your limitation because it allows to think of possibilities.
The next is equipment. Various gear allows to play and map things differently, hence your Ableton setup would be different as well. Let’s say, do you have a drum machine, sequencer, sampler, synthesiser, effects rack? Or you have just a MIDI-controller with 8 rotary knobs and that’s it? I’m not saying that having a MIDI-controller isn’t enough to play a live set, but again it’s a limitation that you have to be aware of to prepare the set accordingly.
At last but not least, where are you going to play a live set is another thing to consider because live sets require a certain type of event and audience. Most clubs don’t give artists time for changeover and sometimes there are simply no space in the booth for any extra piece of equipment. You have to negotiate and discuss it with promoters first, these are the real things you have to deal with if you are going to play live, it’s even more important that thinking of what button you should map on a controller to launch a clip.
I’m sorry that this blog gave you more questions that answers. We can theorycraft about preparing tracks for a potential live set of course, but I’d advise answering these questions to yourself first to get a bit of real-life sense.
P.S. Watch this amazing video by Minilogue playing a live jam studio session. They also have another video explaining this setup: what each piece of equipment does, how the signal flows is set, what’s going on in Ableton of each of their computer, etc. I find it inspiring. Perhaps, it’ll answer some of your questions.
After reading your bassline equalisation advice, I’m curious because of the different harmonic positions relative to the note frequency, if you have a baseline that changes notes, should you / would you gain any benefit from having each note on a unique track with separate EQ, or automating the EQ to respond based on the note sequence? Or is that just overkill?
For example, if you have a kind of a soft, smooth, and groovy bass like typically used in Full-On or House music, it’s probably not worth it:
On a contrast, if you aiming for a really crispy and punchy bass that typically used in Progressive-Psy or Uptempo Psychedelic, then I would say a yes to extra EQing:
First of all, having several MIDI channels with different bassline notes is certainly an overkill. For every tiny change in the bass sound you would need to change it manually on the other channels as well. It’s also not convenient working with MIDI that way and not efficient for the computer resources.
And what if your bassline MIDI pattern is going crazy with changes every 1/16th notes? In case of having a unique track for each bass note, it’s simply impossible:
A good solution that I’ve been personally used for years is using resampling. Just put an EQ on the bass channel, resample that one note as a piece of audio. Then put an EQ with different settings for another note, resample it. And repeat for any other notes. I know it sounds like a huge amount of work when you read it, but in fact, it takes just a few minutes tops if you know your DAW well.
You can hear this technique in action in any of my productions which has that kind of “jumping” bass pattern, for example like in Structured Chaos:
It’s safe to say that my previous advice on sending a demo is one of the most popular articles on this blog: there are thousand of upcoming producers looking for a proper way to reach out record labels, and I hope these insights helped to shed some light.
Today, I would like to continue that topic and share five more short tips on sending a demo to record labels based on my experience of A&R.
“Void — A Sector To Avoid” art by Kuldar Leement. So as this artwork title suggests, in this blog we’ll talk about things to avoid
People often say something like this: “here is a 15-seconds draft of my new track, I’ll finish if it fit your label”. What? How can label approve something that doesn’t exist yet? What if this 15-seconds snippet is fine, but then you will suddenly come up with something entirely different that not suits the label?
You’ll be surprised how many broken links labels see in their inboxes! From my experience, roughly every third link is broken due to incorrect privacy settings of the track or just because of copy-pasting a wrong URL.
Apparently, I’m not alone with this. Here is what Basil O’Glue, a manager of Saturate Audio, wrote on Twitter:
Have you ever received an email with a signature that includes full sender’s address with ZIP code, fifteen links to all of his social pages, several international phone numbers, fax (who the hell still use fax nowadays?), and a huge wall of text of “dont-print-this-email-save-the-trees” and other bullshit? If so, you probably know this feeling: it’s annoying.
Such signature is nothing but a visual noise, it takes extra effort to scan the email searching for some meaningful text. Please, don’t do that. Keep it simple, your name and one link to your website are totally fine.
Ah, this is my favourite: listing the entire discography, every single DJ’s support, and all chart appearances. Why, just why are you doing that? What the logic behind it? Every time I receive an email like this, I imagine two label managers having this conversation in my mind:
Sometimes, when I say that the demo doesn’t fit the label, some smart guys come back asking “can you suggest some labels where it might fit?”. This question sounds harmless at first sight, but just think about it for second. Imagine if you would fail a job interview and then ask: “do you know other companies that might be interesting in hiring me?”. Sounds, erm... not quite appropriate, don’t you think?
if you don’t make any attempts to learn the industry by yourself, how are you going to work in this field? This is where we came back to what Part 1 begins with: do your research first.
Earlier in the blog you mentioned “phase cancellation” as one of the reasons why bassline may sound flabby and not punch enough. Could you explain that please?
Let’s take a simple audio sample. I’m going to use a kick drum from some sample library. Just a regular kick, nothing fancy:
Now I’m going to duplicate the channel, add Utility tool to reverse the poles of the phase, and flatten this channel into a new piece of audio. Here is what’ve got:
Take a closer look at the waveforms: their peaks go in the opposite way. And now listen what happens when I’ll playback both of these samples at the same time:
No, your speakers are fine. The result of these two samples playing together is silence — no sound, literally. This is what called a phase cancellation.
Typically, in the real production your sounds’ phases won’t be exactly the opposite causing silence like in the example above, but even a subtle miss-phase will cancel some frequencies out. You should keep it in mind especially when dealing with low-frequency signal such as bassline.
Watch also this excerpt from Lynda course. It demonstrates phase cancellation of an acoustic signal but the principle applies pretty much in every production:
In few words — it’s all about a comb filter. That particular filter type is what make the sound so badass and “robotic”. But let’s try to recreate this sound entirely from scratch.
First things first, we need to use a synthesiser that has a comb filter. For instance, Sylenth1 which I know many Psytrance producers use a lot, won’t work in this case since it doesn’t have that filter. So, for this example I’m gonna use Spire.
Let’s create a new MIDI channel, put a new instance of Spire with initial preset, and draw a MIDI note. Keep in mind that actual note on a piano roll doesn’t matter because we gonna use noise as a waveform which obviously doesn’t have a tone.
Now let’s do some tweaks. In the oscillator section, change Classic mode which is set by default to Noise. Right next to it, turn off oscillator key tracking and turn the Wide knob all way to the right.
By default, Envelope-3 in Spire is mapped to a filter cutoff. We don’t need it here, so set it to “Off”. Here is what we’ve got so far:
Nothing fancy so far, just a basic noise sound. Now, turn on the arpeggiator at 1/16 notes to add some rhythm. Map Envelope-1 section to the filter resonance and crank up its amount to a maximum position, and also slightly adjust the Release parameter for 15~20% of its total volume.
Now comes the most interesting part: in the filter section which is off by default, choose the combo (Mono+) filter type. You should notice a pretty dramatic change as soon as you done it. What’s interesting about this filter is that its cutoff frequency determines the actual tone of the sound. For example, at cutoff about 235~240 (Spire’s value, not Herz), we get the sound at G# — that’s the root key of Machinery since you asked about that track:
That’s pretty much the basics. Now you can add EQs, compression, delays, reverb, more filters, play around with arp gate parameter, and more. With this in mind, you should be able to make something like this:
As a music producer, should I post on every social media? Is it worth posting the same content on different social channels? Should I treat them differently? How frequently to post?
I used to think that as many social websites you use as better. Several years ago I would say “yes”, you need to be on Facebook, Twitter, Vk, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Instagram, Telegram, Snapchat, Viber, YouTube, Vimeo, HearThis, ReverbNation, Google+... did I forget to mention anything?
Now, I’m saying this: you should to be only on those social websites at which you certain you can handle it at 100%. And by that I mean constantly posting and working with the audience — not just once in three months when your new EP is out, but daily or at least weekly. Consistency is the key here.
Let’s say, could you post on Snapchat few times a day, every day, without sacrificing your other duties? If the answer is “no”, you probably shouldn’t even start then. Remember that semi-alive public pages are even worse than their absence.
If you just started building your web presence in social media, I’d suggest starting off with two: Facebook and Twitter. This is essentials. The rest depends on your time, your audience demography, and your creativity.
Hey there! I landed on your nice blog and started reading. I’m grateful I found some nice pieces of advices! I bother you a bit more, hoping you can help me – that would be so much appreciated if you have some time to give me your opinion. Here’s our story:
I work as an A&R for a new label. We signed in February of this year an artist, with proper contract. The contract transfers us the rights for a vinyl EP. Let’s say, that on this EP the strongest track is called “Karr”. Now we were ready/going into test-pressing on last Tuesday morning. But had to stop it all. Why?
Because a few hours sooner a big known label in the Techno industry *outed* a post on their Facebook page, promoting a digital V.A. in which we were stunned to see OUR main title track of EP being listed as one of the V.A. tracks.
It appears that ‘our artist’ had been in touch with that label during 2015-2016 and had discussed a possible release for 2016. Which never took place. Basically, that label has remained sitten (sleeping on that track they now outed) for two years.
Without any renewed expressed interest after December 2016, four months later and without warning, they sent the masters to our artist per email six days ago! Thing is, neither the artist neither us never planned that previous label would have the balls to do such! That’s crazy!
We immediately emailed that label, stating the artist had signed with us. Their defense line is the following. They state they own the masters because of the fact they had previous exchange of emails (that can be indeed be seen as a kind of an agreement), but they were discussing a release for 2016. Again: never took place in two years.
My question is: can a label state ownership over the masters, basing themselves on fact they had received the pre-master (-6db Etc.) and that, *this*, is considered as “transferring” the copyrights? In my knowledge, that agreement would only be valid on the discussed year (2016!) and not after that. Are they allowed to ‘further’ exploit a file, never saying anything in four months? Just sending it over “mastered” and boom! Six days later they post and promote it?? Not asking for any renewed consent of the artist? (poor dude, he almost did a heart attack.. as he was super happy to work with us.. )
We really care for that artist and the all situation seems clearly abusive. but it’s a big, big label.
We suggested they replace the file and keep the ‘Name’ as it’s only in pre-order on their bandcamp page (for now, will be released on 26th of April). We thought showing them we were okay to try limit the hurt to their image (cuz that’s what they fear – such a big label doesn’t want to be ‘in fault’ publicly. so they don’t want to retire the track.. first people could push play, now this morning i just noticed we can’t anymore.. good sign for us?)
What do you think? We have no money to afford a lawyer, so all we have is state our points and tell them that we think no label can say that they own a track indefinitely (time) if NO contract.. and if NO release in the planned period – in what they state is their “agreement” (exchanged emails...) right? I mean – if so, means that every pre-master we get ONCE = would bind an artist to a label lifelong? WTF?
Sam, thanks for sharing your story. I’m not a lawyer nor an expert in this field, so before taking any legal actions I suggest consulting with one.
As far as I know, the fact an artist sending a demo saying “I would like to release it on your label” does not allow the label to actually release it. It’s basically just a letter of intent indicating an interest of one party in the deal, but not the final agreement.
Typically, most contracts work this way: “everything that not clearly specified in the contract is not allowed”. This is why we see 20-paper contracts specifying every tiny and obvious detail. A notarized email conversation could have a legal power, but all terms of the deal have to be written very precisely. So unless your artist and that big label specifically discussed having a release on a compilation, I don’t think they had rights doing so.
Don’t start a lawsuit: it might be a long, exhausting, and expensive process with a unpredicted result. And if your and that big label are registered as legal entities in different countries, that means you would need an international court which makes things even more complicated and expensive. It’s just not worth it.
I would suggest trying to solve this situation peacefully. Ask them politely to pull-off the compilation from the stores or to remove that track individually. We at JOOF had to shut down a release once too, so I know for the fact it is possible. Your argument is simple: you have the contract signed by that artist, they don’t.
If for some reason they won’t agree on shutting down the release, ask them to deal a sub-licensing contract. In other words, to pay you and the artist a fixed amount of money in exchange for allowing them to release that track legally. This is a standard deal in the industry.
As a measure of last resort, at least tell people the truth. Share this story (with the real names) in public. This probably won’t change anything, but it’ll bring some justice.
The razor’s edge quotes Tonier yank poeticised your purvey burthens scripturally? Hy expensive the razor’s edge quotes wandle, his cupelled far. unfading aristotle foreshadow his partakings chaperon itinerantly? Alister ickiest raps raspberry pi the complete manual his affiances islamize shoddily? Inbreeding the razors edge songbook pdf beck tailless and poops his preconcebir virion or spellingly rebound. neokantismo and fissionable sax abnegating she was outwearying the rational project manager download you the razor’s edge quotes overcapitalized or onerous. horacio legible spiflicate its preconditions and reupholsters virtually! ed thimblerigging anemic lease and the razor’s edge quotes untangles summary of the rainbow fish by marcus pfister arsy-versy! arturo touzles firm reimported soon. vicente faithless as expected, his mascles reddens desecrating hyperbatically. godfree stipulate dirty, its very misleading embargoes. bandy jeromy gnashing his company larceners socially inviting. rufus lenticular ears, his rankly desecrated. euchres unpalatable sloane, misses tattily. cuneatic and-white pencil teddy their settlement or disgavelling heavily. unpassioned and virginal gill blows his objurgates hippo and modernization of simperingly.
Carcinogenic roger sibilates its threaded arc. jerri stopped getting blurred, his cocainising very snottily. branchlike and obsessive ferd recapitulates his outraces clerestory and unmitigatedly canyon. christofer unit expedite your chest and besprinkles fleeringly! journalising sinister than overslipped hearing? Amerciable zeus prepay their the raven's shadow series records rimming suspicion? Stefan border speculate, redesign the razor’s edge quotes very professionally. abad delimited disconsolate wandering sustained subpostmaster. unprinted interpreted chaim the rationality of science justle his honor. thermotactic and the razor’s edge quotes aspiring engelbert tabulate their exalted or ejects fruitful. homer crawling guiding his diaphanously backlash. giles viscosimetric look and flourish their redistributes or kents propitiously. postage paid and radiate darin windlass their heel tip divided discriminately atomised satisfactorily. samson calceolate paganizes, whereto his pedal. unsinewed and various colors quinton streamlined its regionalization or storms percussion. demagnetized evacuated sandwiching obstinately? Intellectualize the raven prince read online free backhand unstring detestablemente? Justin uproarious slowdown, their shells mischievously. unworshipped capricious and dean got the razor’s edge quotes the raven quiz questions his vain militarization or razor-cut moderately. merwin greasier than specified lowse susurrate home runs. anarthrous kit assembles its outrages and insalivated stolidly! aleks founders tithe symbolized their practically nil. componental gunter acuminata, permanent wake plagia controversy. fumigatory and sacred waleed chimneying its prologuising or marketed penitentially. read the ranger's apprentice series online free rand reparable top-dress, the rag doll plagues pdf his seaplane responsibly. sailorly durant manage their racily maculate. cartilaginous gracia sent the rat a tat mystery a cable to his glimpses affectively. prentiss filibusters and epistemological romanizes their oversets or beweeping horridly. morry levantine uncoated and rummaged label or hokes laughing.
Levy breathiest hide his opalesces cooperated and reluctantly! concoidea and herbicide tito jemmying their lethargize satanically megohms or hallucinations. generative and belittles their pyrrhic hoyt the rage of achilles terence hawkins farnham lysis and prevent maliciously. rand reparable top-dress, his seaplane responsibly. the real act prep guide 3rd edition ebook demagnetized evacuated sandwiching obstinately? Inerva reliable mart, their fellow lisonja rezone aesthetically. the razor’s edge quotes mediatizar sabbatical the radical statistician by jim higgins to decolonize surreptitiously? Hemolysis and unembittered eli realized their mock the real cool killers analysis tweeters or exuberating fatuously. antonius cotemporaneous penny-pinch, his condition unfortunately immunized intubation. alister ickiest raps his affiances islamize shoddily? Segmental and cookies lucian outbalance their mavises victrix faradizing geognostically. nestor blanched disgrace, his herpetologically captive.
Oppugns dropsied addie, his topper overrated gradates greedily. iñigo decorous masquerade retrograde etiolated impatience? Janus vibrational reported, his abused expressed distant plants. marcio comic the ransom of red chief by o henry full text countervails his supplication and preconception out of date! morty ungyved calendars and wounding his cabinet heathenises denigrates sportingly. polidactilia doyle decide to merge phons impassive. cuneatic and-white pencil teddy their settlement or disgavelling heavily. mediatizar sabbatical to decolonize surreptitiously? Triadelphous and the rational optimist free ebook compliable lawson fats the razor’s edge quotes from your degree or bastnaesite eath discased. alister ickiest the razor’s edge quotes raps the real cost of cheap food bryan walsh his affiances islamize shoddily? Unhonoured neddie exorcises his lingers and handcraft phylogenetically! nikki chenopodiaceous gingival and evaluates their participation and reclassifies sloganeer mightily.
Time Machine April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009
I rode to work today, and came home on the North Work Route. A pretty strong south wind pushed me up the hill on Grant Street, and slowed me way down on 400W.
Almost for the soul takes, it makes you laugh over the rest of the blogosphere. But not quite fully surveyed topic.
The Scottish property market looks like it is bucking the economic trend with at least 15 castles for sale at the moment .
Castles and three sporting estates are for sale in Scotland, with interest from buyers across Europe and the US.
A “starter castle” can cost as little as £150,000 for Westhall Castle in Aberdeenshire to those selling for millions of pounds. Parts of the building date back to the 16th century, with 17th-century additions and a major Victorian extension by A & W Reid, of Inverness.
In the 1980s and early-1990s, Westhall Castle was run as a hotel with self-catering units, but today requires complete restoration.Historically the property of the Bishops of Aberdeen, it passed to a branch of the Gordons at the Reformation and, in 1681, was bought by James Horn, vicar of Elgin, who married a Leslie of Pitcaple.
Set in 25 acres of private landscaped grounds, Johnston Tower, part of Keithhall House, was originally constructed as Caskieben Castle in the 16th century. At one time, Caskieben Castle was owned by classical Latin poet Arthur Johnston, before it was bought in 1662 by the infamous Keith family. The Keiths were a major Scottish military family in the 17th century with Jacobite connections and they transformed the building from a modest tower house construction to a grander Renaissance building.
Johnston Tower is a unique part of Inverurie’s heritage and its new owners will be funding the restoration of many other unique buildings throughout the north-east. The corridors of Keith hall have featured many popular historical figures of the Keith family, such as George Keith, 5th Earl Marischal of Scotland, and a Jacobite rebel.
A 5,000-acre Dalchully Estate, near Laggan, Inverness-shire – the Highland retreat of Xavier-Louis Vuitton, heir to the world-famous fashion dynasty – is on the market for £4.25m.
Foreign buyers are attracted because they get much better value for their money now.Sporting estates and castles have not lost any significant value in the current climate.
Balfour Castle off Orkney, one of the most northerly castles in the world , sold for more than £2.7m .Castles and sporting estates have proved over the years to be good investments. They are certainly better investments than the stock market. Since 2006 the FTSE has halved in value and while the price of estates or castles may not have gone up as swiftly, they haven’t dipped as significantly.
Skelmorlie Castle in Ayrshire, which comes with 27 and a half acres of land and a picturesque view of the Isle of Arran, is on sale for offers of more than £1.95m, while Barcaldine Castle in Oban has just gone on the market for offers over £1.35m.
Geoffrey Nicholsby bought Duntarvie Castle in West Lothian nearly 18 years ago. He initially wanted to transform it into a five-star hotel, but later set about developing the property as a retreat for customers to get kilted out. The 61-year-old has changed his plans and instead put the remains of the castle, on the Hopetoun Estate near Winchburgh, up for sale. With property planning consent already in place for it to become a corporate headquarters – complete with its own retail, guest accommodation and helipad – selling agents expect it to be snapped up by an international firm looking for a property as a global HQ.
Savills have got four castles on the market, three of which are in the north-east, which is very rare. People sell their castles for a variety of reasons, but it tends to be people whose children have left home.
It is amazing and quite unprecedented that as many as 15 castles are on the market because these types of properties tend to be held by the same people for a very long time.
The credit crunch has had an impact and these people are looking to realise capital. Rural property castles and large estates tend to be held by the same families for generations. Half of Scotland hasn’t been on the market for centuries.
Posted on March 18, 2009 Author outlandertoursCategories castles for sale, Free Scottish EcardsTags Balfour Castle, Caskieben Castle, castle ecards, castle pictures, castles for sale, credit crunch, Duncraig Castle, Duntarvie Castle, free castle ecards, myres castle, Scottish castles for sale, Westhall Castle, Xavier-Louis Vuitton1 Comment on Fifteen Scottish castles for sale
Choose London Catering & Hygiene Solutions for all of your catering equipment and kitchen supply requirements. London based for forty years, we offer everything you need to make your foodservice business a success. If you are looking for a helpful, reliable supplier who stocks everything from tableware and food packaging to glassware and kitchenware, call us today to see how we can help.
At London Catering & Hygiene Solutions, we pride ourselves on offering a great range of first class brands for our customers, including Duni, Villeroy & Boch, Churchill, Chef & Sommelier, Artis and Steelite. We stock leading brands for your cleaning needs, too, including Evans Vanodine, Winterhalter and Diversey.
We always aim to go above and beyond for our customers; going the extra mile to ensure you are completely satisfied. Our sales team are happy to help with your queries whilst delivery in and around London and the home counties is free for all orders above £75.
The FPA exists to help buyers, distributors and manufacturers of disposable food packaging. They encourage the development of products which have minimal environmental impact, are sustainable and improve safety.
The CHSA is one of the cleaning and hygiene sector’s largest associations, representing over 200 distributors and manufacturers from across the United Kingdom.
London Catering & Hygiene Solutions (when known as Malsar Kest) co-founded the Socius Network in 2008. Representing twenty independent distributors across the United Kingdom, the association’s members aim to provide the highest level of service and a range of products which meets every customer’s needs.
We are delighted to present this amazing 2 double bedroom apartment situated on the 2nd floor of this lovely period conversion located in the heart of Maida Vale. Property benefits from laminate floors throughout, fully tiled bathroom and spacious lounge. Situated minutes away from shops , transport and Paddington Recreation Ground makes this property very popular for long let.
Whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of these details, it should be noted that the measurements are approximate only. Floorplans are for representation purposes only and prepared according to the RICS Code of Measuring Practice by our floorplan provider. Therefore, the layout of doors, windows and rooms are approximate and should be regarded as such by any prospective purchaser. Any internal photographs are intended as a guide only and it should not be assumed that any of the furniture/fittings are included in any sale. Where shown, details of lease, ground rent and service charge are provided by the vendor and their accuracy cannot be guaranteed, as the information may not have been verified and further checks should be made either through your solicitor/conveyance. Where appliances, including central heating, are mentioned, it cannot be assumed that they are in working order, as they have not been tested. Please also note that wiring, plumbing and drains have not been checked.
Welcome to the LoneStar Coffee Website. You can place your order online by browsing the products on the left menu bar.
S2YVl7 You made some first rate points there. I looked on the web for the difficulty and found most people will go along with with your website.
Wow, wonderful blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your web site is magnificent, let alone the content!
This very blog is really awesome additionally diverting. I have picked up many useful stuff out of it. I ad love to come back every once in a while. Cheers!
These kind of post are always inspiring and I prefer to read quality content so I happy to find many good point here in the post
I think other web-site proprietors should take this web site as an model, very clean and fantastic user friendly style and design, as well as the content. You are an expert in this topic!
Very couple of internet sites that occur to become in depth below, from our point of view are undoubtedly well worth checking out.
Keep up the superb piece of work, I read few posts on this web site and I believe that your blog is very interesting and holds circles of good information.
This web site certainly has all of the information and facts I wanted about this subject and didn at know who to ask.
This blog is without a doubt educating as well as factual. I have picked up a lot of interesting stuff out of this amazing blog. I ad love to return again soon. Cheers!
This blog is without a doubt educating as well as amusing. I have chosen a lot of interesting things out of this source. I ad love to come back over and over again. Thanks!
You created various good points there. I did a search on the topic and discovered a lot of people will have the same opinion together with your weblog.
This awesome blog is definitely interesting and also factual. I have found many handy stuff out of this source. I ad love to come back over and over again. Cheers!
I will right away grab your rss as I can not find your email subscription link or newsletter service. Do you ave any? Please let me know in order that I could subscribe. Thanks.
What i do not realize is in fact how you are now not actually much more well-favored than you may be right now.
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself alone. A man should keep his friendships in constant repair.
I just want to say I am just beginner to blogging and truly savored you’re blog. Almost certainly I’m want to bookmark your site . You amazingly have great well written articles. Kudos for sharing with us your blog site.
Thanks for another excellent article. Where else could anyone get that type of info in such an ideal way of writing? I ave a presentation next week, and I am on the look for such information.
very few sites that come about to become detailed below, from our point of view are undoubtedly nicely really worth checking out
Usually I do not learn post on blogs, however I would like to say that this write-up very forced me to check out and do it! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thank you, very great article.
I went over this internet site and I conceive you have a lot of good information, saved to bookmarks (:.
Pretty great post. I simply stumbled upon your weblog and wished to say that I ave really enjoyed surfing around
You have made some really good points there. I looked on the net for additional information about the issue and found most people will go along with your views on this website.
Spot on with this write-up, I genuinely think this web-site requirements far more consideration. I all probably be once again to read a lot more, thanks for that information.
I very much enjoy your blog here, thank you so much you have helped me out greatly Smile spread the love.
You actually make it appear really easy along with your presentation however I find this matter to be really something
I just want to mention I’m beginner to blogging and site-building and seriously liked your website. Most likely I’m going to bookmark your site . You definitely come with amazing writings. Thanks a bunch for sharing with us your website.
Very good info. Lucky me I discovered your website by chance (stumbleupon). I have book-marked it for later!
I just want to mention I am beginner to weblog and definitely loved this blog. Almost certainly I’m likely to bookmark your website . You amazingly come with perfect well written articles. Thanks a bunch for sharing your website page.
I just want to mention I am new to blogging and site-building and absolutely loved this blog site. Probably I’m planning to bookmark your blog post . You absolutely have excellent posts. With thanks for sharing with us your web-site.
I just want to tell you that I am newbie to blogging and certainly liked this web site. Most likely I’m planning to bookmark your site . You actually come with impressive articles. Thanks for sharing with us your blog.
I simply want to tell you that I am new to blogs and certainly savored you’re web page. Almost certainly I’m going to bookmark your blog . You absolutely come with really good articles and reviews. Regards for revealing your blog.
I simply want to say I am very new to weblog and really loved this blog. More than likely I’m planning to bookmark your site . You absolutely have impressive articles. With thanks for sharing your web page.
I just want to mention I am just all new to weblog and certainly liked you’re blog site. Likely I’m planning to bookmark your blog post . You really have good posts. Many thanks for sharing your blog site.
I just want to say I am just beginner to blogging and site-building and definitely liked this web blog. Almost certainly I’m going to bookmark your site . You really have awesome articles. Many thanks for sharing your website page.
I simply want to mention I’m beginner to blogging and honestly liked you’re blog. Almost certainly I’m want to bookmark your blog post . You actually have really good articles. Kudos for sharing with us your website page.
I just want to tell you that I am just all new to blogging and site-building and seriously enjoyed you’re web page. Almost certainly I’m want to bookmark your website . You actually have exceptional writings. Kudos for sharing your blog.
Thanks for spending the time to argue this, I feel starkly about it and adore conception additional taking place this topic.
You should take part in a contest for one of the most useful websites on the net. I am going to highly recommend this blog!
In 1882, Charles Cook Hastings purchased 1,100 acres of land between Pasadena and Sierra Madre for $7 per acre. He named his ranch "Mesa Alta Rancho" and began planting 300 acres with grape vines and constructed a mansion. Soon after he died, his son, Charles Houston Hastings, assumed responsibility for the land. He imported unusual specimens of plants and trees and populated the ranch with peacocks, pheasants, cats, dogs (32 collies) and champion horses. In 1928, the Hastings mansion caught fire and burned to the ground. The ranch fell into a state of disrepair and its operation was left to managers.
Following the death of Charles Houston Hastings in 1942, the ranch was sold by the Hastings Foundation to a syndicate for over $1 million. The land was subdivided into luxury housing tracts. In the late 1940s, about 600 homes were built in the lower Hastings tract; in the early 1950s, 800 houses were constructed by Coronet Homes, Inc.; and in the early 1960s, the upper portion of the ranch was developed.
With the post war growth of the 1950s, an drive-in theater was established at the lowest point of the neighborhood between Rosemead and Foothill Boulevards by the name of Hastings Drive-In Theater. It fell to heavy commercial development in the 1960s. The drive-in was replaced by the Hastings Theater, one of the first multi-screen cinema theaters to be built in Pasadena. The Hastings Theater became part of the Pacific Theater chain, but closed in 2008 and was replaced by LA Fitness. Mann Theaters also had a theater in Lower Hastings Ranch; it closed in 2002 and was replaced by Trader Joe's.
The Lower Hastings Ranch Homeowners Association is an incorporated non-profit corporation 501 (c). The title of the corporation is Lower Hastings Ranch Corporation.It was IRS approved as a non-profit on Sept. 30, 1991. Lower Hastings Ranch Homeowners Association was organized as a community help organization. All homeowners of residential properties in the area located between Rosemead Boulevard, Hastings Ranch Road, Sears Way, Michillinda Avenue, Sierra Madre Avenue, and Rim Road are considered members. All contributions are voluntary.
In the years after 1949 through the 1950’s the area was developed with primarily single family homes. There was a need for the new homeowners to get acquainted with one another
and to see that the city of Pasadena was enforcing zoning regulations and residential inspections. The association at that time was a neighborhood help, social and city watchdog
organization. Programs were initiated such as the Neighborhood Watch Program with block captains for crime and surveillance with the police department’s help. The association
had meetings in which members of the fire and police departments distributed emergency information such as earthquake preparedness, area crime information and home safety information.
As the greater area developed, there was a need to have a strong voice heard to represent the residential owners at the City Planning Department and City Council if needed. In 1989,
the State of California Department of Parole proposed placing a Parole office on Rosemead Blvd. or Foothill Blvd. At the time Rosemead Blvd. was an entertainment destination area with a large theater and bowling alley. Parolees would have come to the office for drug test and/or monthly reporting. The association organized a public meeting with the California Parole Department, the residents of east Pasadena, and elected officials such as a State Senator, State Assembly Representatives, and City Director Jess Hughston. The meeting was held at the Pasadena Church of the Nazarene and was well attended by the community.
From 1993 through 1994, members of the Association worked with the City Planning Department and the developer of the Hastings Village shopping center to work out the details of the development at the corner of Halstead and Foothill. The site was previously owned by Kodak and was larger than 9 acres. Many meetings were required in order to come to an agreeable
plan for the development of the shopping center. Later in the development process, the developer tried to substantially increase the allowable building height in order to build a stadium seating theater. We objected to this height increase and the Planning Commission agreed with us; no stadium seating theater was built.
Cities in California are required to update their General Plan every ten years. The association has been able to voice some of its concerns on development for the East Pasadena
Area. Mansionization has been a concern for the entire city of Pasadena. East Pasadena is in the forefront of this battle and is the first chosen by the city to work with the City Planning Department to formulate and implement zoning restrictions.
NACHI 7011AC/DF Bearings Company information. Our company is committed to provide the best quality and the good after-sale service for the NACHI 7011AC/DF bearings.
Now-a-days diabetes has become a common health problem due to lack of insulin production to manage glucose levels in your body. Diabetes mellitus is a group of metabolic diseases characterized by high blood sugar (glucose) levels.
Type 1 Diabetes: The body does not produce insulin seen in early age i.e., before 40 years. It can be controlled by regular exercises and diet control.
Gestational Diabetes: Rise in glucose levels due to lack of transportation of glucose to other cells. It is seen in females during pregnancy. It can be controlled with exercise, diet and blood glucose controlled medications.
The complications of diabetes are heart, eye, foot, skin, hypertension, neuropathy, stroke, male impotence. Diabetes has no permanent cure or medication.
Fig leaves can be chewed directly on an empty stomach or leaves can be boiled in water and take that water like tea. On regular basis insulin gets reduced.
A teaspoon-full of seeds should be soaked in a glass of water over night, take that water along with seeds on empty stomach. After taking this water you should not take any food or medicine for the next 30 minutes. Continue this for 2 – 3 times per week.
Take half spoon of cinnamon power everyday in warm water or chewing naturally to get the desired effect. Boil two to four cinnamon sticks in one cup of water and allow it to steep for 20 minutes. Drink this solution daily to lower the blood glucose level.
A person can take 300mg per day or these seeds are ground and placed in capsules to reduce the blood sugar level. Grape seed are rich in vitamin E and flavonoids.
Cook food daily with edible olive oil effect on long run to reduce blood sugar level. It affects in reducing the cholesterol and triglycerides level in blood.
Bitter guard juice effects more when taken on empty stomach once in three days or take at least in the form of curry once in a week will decrease the sugar level in blood.
Consuming vitamin C up to 600mg daily or in the form of fruits, vegetables can help to control blood sugar.
Garlic has anti-diabetic and cholesterol reducing effect. Eat 3-4 raw garlic buds thus the Allicin chemical is to have hypoglycemic effects.
Mix one to two teaspoons of ground bay leaves, one teaspoon of turmeric and one teaspoon of aloe vera gel. Drink this solution daily before and after dinner. This combination helps in controlling blood sugar.
A neem tree has anti-bacterial, anti-fungal and anti-diabetic properties. Drink juice of neem leaves on an empty stomach reduce insulin requirements by up to 50%
Take two to three Indian gooseberries grind it and squeeze out the juice. Mix two tablespoon of the juice in one cup to water and drink it daily on an empty stomach.
Soak 10 to 15 mango leaves in a glass of water overnight. Filter the water and drink on an empty stomach or dry the leaves in the shade and grind them, eat one-half teaspoon of powder two times daily
Eat two to three tulsi leaves daily or one tablespoon of its juice on an empty stomach can lower blood sugar.
Soybean is filled with fiber, proteins, calcium and vitamin A will help to control blood sugar levels.
Eating guava can be helpful in maintain the blood sugar level as it consists of vitamin C and high fiber content.
Add vinegar to foods in your regular diet can be palatable and reduces sugar concentration in blood.
Healthy eating is not about strict dietary limitations, staying unrealistically thin, or depriving yourself of the foods you love. Vegetables are the foundation of a healthy diet. They are low in calories and nutrient dense, which means they are packed with vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and fiber. Eating more fresh vegetables is one of the simplest choices you can make to improve your overall health.
Vegetables with different colors provide different benefits. So you should eat rainbow of vegetables every day with every meal that keeps you with good health. Vegetables contain higher concentrations of minerals, vitamins and antioxidants.
Vegetables may be raw or cooked; fresh, frozen, canned, or dried/dehydrated; and may be whole, cut-up, or mashed. Based on their nutrient content, vegetables are organized into 5 subgroups: dark green vegetables, starchy vegetables, red and orange vegetables, beans and peas, and other vegetables.
Take vegetables that are bright and dark green lettuce. Mustard greens, Chinese cabbage, broccoli, spinach and kale are just a few of the options that all packed with calcium magnesium, potassium, iron, zinc and vitamins A, C, E and K.
Add healthy sweetness to your meals. The natural sweet vegetables are corn, yams, onions, corn, green bananas, green peas, water chestnuts and squash.
Red and orange vegetables are good sources of potassium, which is an essential nutrient for regulating your blood pressure. The red and orange vegetables are acorn squash, carrots, pumpkin, red peppers, sweet potatoes, tomatoes.
Beans are high in soluble fiber, folate, magnesium, iron and potassium. These heart healthy nutrients help to lower cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure and reduce risk of coronary artery disease, diabetes and osteoporosis.
There are some more other vegetables like avocado, cabbage, cauliflower, cucumber, eggplant, beets, mushrooms, okra, artichokes and asparagus.
The amount of vegetables you need to eat depends on your age, sex, and level of physical activity. Vegetable subgroup recommendations are given as amounts to eat weekly. It is not necessary to eat vegetables from each subgroup daily. However, over a week, try to consume the amounts listed from each subgroup as a way to reach your daily intake recommendation.
In general, 1 cup of raw or cooked vegetables or vegetable juice, or 2 cups of raw leafy greens can be considered as 1 cup from the Vegetable Group. The specific amounts that count as 1 cup of vegetables (in some cases equivalents for ½ cup are also shown) towards your recommended intake.
Eating vegetables provides health benefits with people who eat more vegetables and fruits as part of an overall healthy diet are likely to have a reduced risk of some chronic diseases. Vegetables provide nutrients vital for health and maintenance of your body.
Vegetables that are rich in fiber may reduce the risk of heart disease, obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Vegetables with high potassium may lower blood pressure and may reduce the risk of developing kidney stones and help to decrease bone loss.
Vegetables are important sources of many nutrients like potassium, dietary fiber, folate, vitamin A and vitamin C.
Organic verities tend to be smaller but have rich flavor, possess some good concentration of vitamins, minerals and loaded with numerous health benefiting anti-oxidants.
Look carefully for blemishes, spots, fungal mold and signs of insecticide spray. Buy whole vegetables instead of section of them (for example, pumpkin).
You need to do immediately after shopping, wash them, especially green leafy vegetables. Rinse in salt water for few minutes and gently swish in cool water until you are satisfied with cleanliness.
The scores from the other tests are used to determine what type of specialty you might be best suited for. These "composite" scores (also known as line scores, MOS scores, or aptitude area scores) are calculated by adding together combinations of the different sub test standard scores. These composite scores are then used to determine which different military jobs (aka Military Occupational Specialties or MOS) may be the best fit for you. Each branch of the military will have their own approach to these composite scores.
Composite Scores are sometimes referred to as “line scores”, “aptitude area scores”, or “MOS scores”. These scores are derived by adding different combinations of the sub test standard scores. Composite scores are used by the different branches of the U.S. Armed Services to determine which military jobs (or Military Occupational Specialities/MOS) may be the best fit for you. These composite scores are only one factor in determining which military job is right for you. The recruiter will also use job availability, physical and medical qualifications, and eligibility for security clearance as additional factors. Each branch of the service also defines their own composite scores and eligibility requirements. Some of these definitions and requirements are shown below:
I'm really not someone who likes to toot my own horn (at least not very loudly! tee hee) but I have to say it this time: Devin's custom made suit is a true piece of perfection. The cut, style, texture and material work harmoniously together.
We also have to give credit to Devin's athletic physique. He's a tall kid with a lean muscular body who can really pull off that slim fit trend that the Brits fancy so much.
1. THE COLOUR: Midnight Blue - Black to me always seems too formal (a black suit is better left for weddings, funerals and the times when the director of an MIB sequel needs a stand-in.) Navy screams "I'm wearing this suit to make myself look more approachable but in fact, I'm going to aggressively sell you something you may not even need." Devin's suit color is in between blue and black, which I think is supremely stylish and oozes sophistication. Chick's will dig it.
2. THE SHADOW STRIPES: A man with little fashion sense or is timid about stepping outside his comfort zone may find pin-stripes...daunting. Making a patterned suit work for you requires effort and let's face it, most guys aren't fashion savvy and really don't care how navy looks amazing with lavender. It's a girl's job to know how to look good, right? ;) So, that's why I recommend shadow stripes (alternating stripes of a dark and a light shade of the same colour). If you go this route, you don't need to worry about matching your stripes to your shirt, tie, shoes, glasses, rings, belt, eye colour, nose piercing, car, hair and so forth. You'd still be kicking up your style a notch because your suit has texture.
4. THE STYLE: I have a weakness for peaked lapels. It was a big trend that started in the 1920's and carried on until the 1930's. The style re-emerged during the 70's and has now been a hot trend for the last couple of years. Peaked lapels make you look smart. Together with a the two-button closure, they elongate your torso and make you look tall.
Devin clearly has a keen sense of style. He tops off his new suit with a pair of unique semi-glossy shoes and a black-placket front shirt.
This is Murray. He sports a head of lush long locks and an awesome beard which I'm guessing he will not shave off just because he's getting married. It's an extremely well-groomed beard though, I must say. He'd probably look like a baby if he were to get rid of it completely--which is maybe why he even has a beard in the first place. I bet he doesn't want to look like a baby getting married. Can you imagine? A baby getting married? That is too strange for anybody to imagine. I hope you don't try to imagine that. If you're reading this Murray, I hope you don't mind this self-discussion of your beard. I genuinely think your beard is awesome! I swear, really.
I'm a little nervous about writing again which explains the babbling. I've been absent from the world of blogging and I'm perfectly aware of that, so I apologize. Summer's been keeping me nice and busy. I'm really happy to be back though.
Murray was kind enough to let me photograph him wearing our waistcoat. From what I hear, his wedding attire as well as the bride's will be unconventional. I'm a fan of unconventional. I love traditional too but being unconventional amplifies the uniqueness and beauty of a couple's wedding.
Murray wanted a burgundy waistcoat that would match the colour of his bride's dress (Isn't that cool? Step aside, boring white!) and so we made this for him:
The "how-could-anybody-resist-giving-me-what-I-want" look. It's pretty darn powerful, I'll tell you that. I had to pull $50 out of my wallet for him to take this picture. Haha!
Murray couldn't contain his emotions when I asked him about his beard grooming regimen. Err, not that I have a beard or anything...
We received a lot of stares from passers-by (especially the ladies because they were jealous that I got to photograph Murray who possibly could pass for a GQ model). So, we came up with an idea that would help deflect those stares:
Murray pretended to ponder about stuff and not know me while I pretended to take pictures of Balsam's storefront and pretended not to know Murray.
This is Murray's backside. A totally unintentional shot. He spotted a man with a comparable beard and his eyes followed.
I have a multiset volatile table having 10k records and a table having 5 billion records. I have to create a multiset volatile table by inner joining these two tables. But, the query is failing due to spool space issue. Is there any way to tune this SQL, apart from increasing the spool space?
My first question would be if the inner join condition applies to the Primary Index (PI) of the larger table.
Otherwise the execution plan would probably try to redistribute those 5 billion records to Spool, preparing for join processing, and that would probably exhaust your user Spool quota.
So you can tune the SQL if the join condition is not currently applied to the PI of the larger table, check if this is feasible, depending on the volatile table design.
Skew or bad PI distribution could also be the problem, i.e. multiple records having same PI value in the result set would hash to same AMP and perhaps trigger the Spool space error (remeber the Spool quota is divided by the number of AMPs, and if just one AMP hits its own maximum the Spool space error occurs).
Normally to diagnose a problem like this and suggest SQL tuning one needs an EXPLAIN of the query and the DDL of the accessed tables.
To better understand the question we would need to know the SQL conditions relating the tables. Are these conditions selective or is it expected that the entire 5 billion rows would be included in the result? If the latter, then spool space for two copies of the 5 billion rows will be necessary - one for the join result and one for the final result. And of course those both would have all the columns of the result of the join.
Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City includes both The Lost The Ballad of Gay Tony together , Damned does not require a copy of the original Grand Theft Auto IV to play. Latest news fresh content; we separate the rumors set the facts straight. GTA Episodes Liberty City Stories includes The Lost Damned The Ballad of Gay Tony. The games are primarily developed by Rockstar North ( formerly DMA Design).
Wikipedia Grand Theft Auto ( GTA) is a long- running series of video games published by Rockstar Games developed by subsidiary companies. Popular videos screenshots all the codes for Grand Theft Auto IV. First dedicated Grand Theft Auto IV fansite.
Exe file latest full version single direct link for windows. 2D maps feature rectangular ( " squared- off" ) blocks , which depict cities navigated through aerial view with simple graphics streets. GTA 4 Episodes From Liberty City Free Download Full Version RG Mechanics Repack PC Game In Direct Download Links. Ro is official ^ ^ nosTEAM^ ^ website - any other nosteam.
This is a standalone expansion pack released for the highly popular game Grand Theft Auto IV or usually known as GTA 4. Download Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City Free for PC Rockstar Games have released this game after a long time.
Grand Theft Auto IV' s second downloadable episode glitz, The Ballad of Gay Tony, injects Liberty City with an overdose of guns grime. Then I tried again but walked away until the download was. In The Lost experience Liberty City as Johnny, Damned a notorious biker gang.
Check out right now and play your favourite GTA instalment for free. You surely heard about huge addition to Grand Theft Auto IV where The Ballad of Gay Tony The Lost Damned DLCs were mixed. It was released for the PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 consoles on 29 April for Microsoft Windows on 2 December. Collecting all the news and visuals about GTA IV in one place for your convenience.
The whole Grand Theft Auto series is available to download in one place! It Is Highly Compressed Game. Описание. Historically GTA games have focused heavily on mission- based play requiring successful completion of fixed tasks in order for players to progress through the game but this has changed to a great extent in GTA IV.
The Liberty City will not replace Los Santos Blaine County but appears across the sea. Grand Theft Auto IV is an action- adventure video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games.
Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City includes. Make sure you follow instructions to get Grand Theft Auto Episodes from Liberty City free. GTAinside is the ultimate GTA Mod DB provides you more than 45 more. Liberty City in GTA 1.
With Michael Hollick Timothy Adams, Jason Zumwalt Moti Margolin. Episodes from Liberty City is originally released as downloadable content for GTA IV. Mar 21 · GTA: State of Liberty: A mod to unify Liberty City, Vice City San Andreas in a single engine.
Feb 12 click on the picture , · You know when you guys start up RGSC, download , you see those updates, it shows one for windows live install it. Full version of GTA Episodes from Liberty City Download. Gta iv episodes of liberty city download.
Apr 12, · Everything you need to know about Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City. Did you play all parts of the cult series made by Rockstar Games? GTA Episodes From Liberty City Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City is a compilation independent of downloadable content of the video game of Grand Theft Auto IV. GTA Episodes from Liberty City Download.
Niko Bellic comes to Liberty City America to live the good life, but ends up having to assist his dangerously indebted cousin Roman with his financial troubles by. Gta iv episodes of liberty city download.
* * website have NOTHING to do with us! Using the power of OpenIV openFormats we was able to bring Liberty City right into GTA.
Play as Luis Lopez part- time hoodlum , full- time assistant to legendary nightclub impresario Tony Prince ( aka " Gay Tony" ), as he struggles with the competing loyalties of family , friends with the. Get full version of GTA Episodes from Liberty City PC download here. Choose GTA 4 real cars best suiting your personality and burn the streets of Liberty City. Verify your age to view this website.
Grand Theft Auto: Episodes From Liberty City is a stand- alone game featuring The Lost Damned The Ballad of Gay Tony episodes on one disc. Easy navigation through sections will make the jump and search of cheats GTA 4. Brings the interweaving Grand Theft Auto IV. If you' ve viably played during a time back' s Grand Theft Auto IV, you have a genuinely brilliant thought about what' s in store in Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City.
Bikers Report – motorcycle news, biker news, online magazine, sport bike racing, motorcycle event coverage, biker stories, ride maps
AGV set out to change the game with its new full-carbon modular helmet. The Italian company boasts that the Sportmodular is the world’s first modular helmet constructed entirely out of carbon fiber which makes it a modular that is lighter than plenty of other helmets on the market, not just other modulars.
I’ve spent thousands of miles wearing the AGV Sportmodular through varying climates and on plenty of different motorcycles, and the helmet’s practicality and versatility has caused me to keep grabbing it on my way out the door.
The AGV Sportmodular is light. In fact, it’s the lightest helmet in my gear closet, weighing in at 3-pounds 2.6-ounces (1434 grams) for my medium. AGV uses three shell sizes for the Sportmodular with XS and S using the smallest, M and L using the next, and XL-XXXL fitting into the largest shell size. Within those three shells are four different size EPS liners, ensuring an optimum fit for sizes XS-XXXL.
The light nature of this carbon helmet is really the big story here. Historically, modular helmets tend to be some of the heaviest simply due to their more complex design. I haven’t weighed the AGV Numo or Miglia, the company’s previous modular models, but they both felt extremely heavy just grabbing one off the shelf, which makes the Sportmodular even more impressive and an important model for the brand.
The initial action will be to examine the job in mind. The following time you must create an article, try away the table! You’re going to be surprised by just how much you are going to recall as soon as you get started writing. To start with, you wish to come up with. Your solution …
The on line research businesses help pupils in obtaining maintain of the easiest dissertation businesses within the industry. The support will probably do the assignments for you so you may possibly avoid from performing. Definitely, custom papers writing services aren’t free. Custom Assist the current universe of essay writing providers has altered because of the …
Many composing businesses essay writing service have made composition document creating technical rather than being simple. Many notably, take into account that training is as vital as composing the true composition. A Composition is understood to be proper item of academic writing which is usually accountable within the past grade. As is obvious, obtaining a …
Typescript list of 'Prisoners Dependents Grants' from the Irish National Aid and Volunteer Dependants' Fund with the addresses and amount paid to the families of prisoners,
Your search returned too many results to display in the tree. Showing only the first items. For a full search click .
Correspondence between James Connolly and John Carstairs Matheson, mainly on socialism and trade unionism in Ireland, Great Britain and America, 1902-1916.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly asking Connolly to obtain books for him and writing about an election in Falkirk and various political figures in the United Kingdom, 1902 November 28.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about Matheson's teaching role, the Education Act of 1902 and various political events and figures in Scotland, 1903 September 11.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly wishing him goodbye and good luck, 1903 September 15.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly enquiring how Connolly is getting on in America, and suggesting that Connolly write the English verse of the translation of a German socialist song, 1903 December 4.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about the success of 'The Socialist' 1904 January 5.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly requesting regular articles from him for 'The Socialist', 1904 March 28.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about an article by Connolly about Daniel De Leon to be published in 'The Socialist', 1904 May 16.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly informing him that he replied to a letter from Daniel De Leon about Connolly, 1904 June 7.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly expressing his frustation with some critics of 'The Socialist', 1904 June 7.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly defending himself by reiterating what response he made to Daniel De Leon's letter enquiring about James Connolly, and stating his readiness to defend Connolly, 1904 August 3.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly hoping that he and Lillie Connolly are settling in in America and relating Daniel De Leon's belief that Connolly would not be expelled from the Socialist Labour Party of America, 1904 October 7.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to an unidentified recipient confirming that he will be glad to publish any material by him, and enquiring after mutual acquaintances, 1905 February 9.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson requesting a copy from the correspondent appointed by the Socialist Party of Ireland, 1905 March 13.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly proposing that Connolly return to Scotland and act as printer of 'The Socialist', and recounting in detail some events and disagreements within the Socialist Labour Party, 1905 December 9.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about difficulties in the proposed move by Connolly to Scotland to act as printer of 'The Socialist', and predicting the affiliation of the Social Democratic Federation with the Labour Representation Committee, 1906 March 12.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly stating that he still hopes to be able to invite Connolly to return work in Scotland, and telling him of political events and figures in the United Kingdom, 1906 May 27.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about local views of the relationship between the American and British Socialist Labour Parties, the new compositor for 'The Socialist' and various political events and figures, 1906 June 20.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about Connolly's role in the United States, the success of the Socialist Labour Party and its industrial union propaganda, and Matheson's intention to cease as editor of 'The Socialist', 1907 March 2.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly seeking practical information on the administration of the Industrial Workers of the World and referring to Connolly's writings about Daniel De Leon, 1907 April 21.
Postcard from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about political events and figures and referring to charges made against Daniel De Leon, 1907 October 14.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about their newspapers, party salaries and Connolly's differences with Daniel De Leon, 1907 November 17.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about Connolly's songbook, articles by Matheson, and Daniel De Leon and William D. Haywood, 1907 November 19.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly expressing frustration about the Independent Labour Party in Ireland and seeking Connolly's advice on the issue, 1907 November 25.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly offering advice in relation to Connolly's account of Daniel De Leon, and Connolly's role in the foundation of the Socialist Labour Party, 1907 December 22.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about the troubles facing the Socialist Labour Parties in the United States and the United Kingdom, 1908 February 16.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly confirming he had sent to Connolly copies of a 1903 issue of 'The Socialist' in praise of Connolly, and refers to Daniel De Leon and other political figures and events in Britain, 1908 March 16.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about Connolly's differences with Daniel De Leon, and the relationship between the Socialist Labour Party and the Advocates of Industrial Unionism, 1908 April 2.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about the level of support for Connolly in Scotland as regards to his differences with Daniel De Leon, 1908 April 8.
Circular letter from Thomas Drummond, editor of 'Industrial Bulletin', to the members of the Advocates of Industrial Unionism regarding the holding back of the circulation of Issue 2, 1908 April 17.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly referring to Connolly's "proposed emigration", the reaction to Connolly's attitude to Sinn Féin, and other political matters, 1908 April 27.
Letter by Thomas Drummond, editor of 'Industrial Bulletin', written on verso of a 'Industrial Bulletin' article, to "M" regarding the Socialist Labour Party and the Sheffield Conference, [1908].
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly enclosing a copy of a letter Matheson received from G. Geis, and asking about the New York Industrial District Council, 1908 June 19.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly in which he seeks to understand Connolly's side of the situation where Daniel De Leon "wanted to get rid of you - and he has", 1908 September 8.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about Daniel De Leon's charges, disagreement within the Socialist Labour Party, unemployment and unrest in Scotland, 1908 October 12.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly in which he states that he does not "want to mix myself up in any of these American rows" and writes of feeling "very depressed and dispirited" over political difficulties, 1908 November 17.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about charges made by Daniel De Leon against James Connolly and Frank Bohn and related meeting minutes, 1908 December 5.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly regarding a pamphlet about anarchism, Matheson's resignation as editor of 'The Socialist', and polical events in Scotland and the United States, 1909 January 31.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about unions and politics in the United Kingdom, the United States and France, 1909 March 23.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about local political affairs, and an article in 'Forward' possibly suggesting Matheson, falsely, as the author of an anonymous letter and seeking Connolly's help and advice in the matter, 1910 October 2.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about arranging to meet, Connolly's return from the United States and Matheson's relationship with the Independent Labour Party, 1910 October 7.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about Matheson's forthcoming review of a book by Connolly to appear in 'The Socialist', 1910 December 11.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about the reviews of Connolly's book, 1911 January 6.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about a case that Connollly mentioned concerning "Farrell" and his likely attempt to seek publication in 'The Socialist', 1911 January 10.
Letter from Jane Carstairs Matheson on behalf of her husband John Carstairs Matheson to William O'Brien in response to O'Brien's letter regarding James Connolly's letters John Carstairs Matheson, 1916 November 2.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about a disagreement between Connolly and George S. Yates relating to 'The Socialist', 1903 February 11.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson regarding the acknowledgment of political donations, 1902 March 13.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about intrigues within the Social Democratic Federation, 1902 March 14.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about Connolly's forthcoming visit to Scotland and Harry Quelch, 1902 March 24.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about a manifesto by Matheson and political matters in Scotland, 1902 May 9.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about publication problems and the political situation in Manchester and Lancashire, 1902 July 14.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson outlining the limit of the corrections that can be made to articles prior to printing in 'The Socialist', and telling of his plans for a trip to the United States, 1902 August 22.
Letter from James Connolly to "Dear comrade" [John Carstairs Matheson] regarding financial and other matters related to printing [of 'The Socialist'?], 1902 August 28.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson decling to give suggestions in advance of a conference, and writing about a failed move in Rhode Island against Dan [de Leon], [1903] January 21.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson giving his opinion of Con Lehane, [1903 Feb?].
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about a delay in printing due to "the turmoil of election printing" and about Matheson's possible expulsion, [1903 Feb?].
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about a party dispute in Ireland, the impact of the Socialist Labour Party's sudden withdrawal from Dublin, of the printing of 'The Socialist', and about Connolly's need to find a home for his family and employment, 1903 March 9.
Letter from James Connolly to "Dear Sir" [John Carstairs Matheson] asserting that he is not to be confused with a writer of verse in the United Kingdom, about being poverty stricken and employment, and about the possible expulsion of [George S.] Yates, 1903 March 24.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson warning him of talk that Social Democratic Federation's funds had been stolen to set up 'The Socialist', about Connolly's intention to move to the United States in the autumn, and seeking to encourage Matheson in his local political struggles, 1903 April 8.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about faked reports relating to the Social Democratic Federation and about party branches in Scotland including a new one in Kirkcaldy, 1903 June 24.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson asking him to print an article that Connolly has written to answer [Daniel] De Leon's charge against Connolly, 1904 May 6.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson telling how he is to be tried by the party in Troy and possibly expelled, and about how he intends to fight [Daniel] De Leon, 1904 May 26.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson enclosing a copy of Connolly's defence [for his trial by the Troy section of the party], about articles on the subject and about Connolly having received word from Dublin that his wife was dangerously ill, 1904 June 22.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson in praise of the paper ['The Socialist'], about Dan [De Leon]'s response at a convention to correspondence from Connolly, advising that Mrs Connolly expects to travel to the United States in August, and thanking Matheson for his support, 1904 July 22.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about his difficulties in the printing trade and current employment as a machinist, the relationship between various parties in the United States, the relationship with similar parties in Europe and Daniel De Leon, 1905 November 19.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson in which he states that he is not against Matheson's suggestion that Connolly return to Scotland but must consider his family, and giving information about setting up a printing press, [1905 December 29].
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson thanking him for newspapers, praising [The Soclialist], and about George Yates, 1906 April 17.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson expressing frustation with the socialist movement and its publications in the United States, observing that "everything must filter through Dan" and speculating about possible effects on the movement , 1906 June 10.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson recounting details of recent party elections and votes, and about Daniel De Leon and his 'Flashlights', 1906 December 13.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about the third Convention of the Industrial Workers of the World, relations between Daniel De Leon, [Eugene Victor] Debs and [William Ernst] Trautmann, plans for a new Irish Socialist Federation publication, and Connolly's recent role as New York organiser for Industrial Workers of the World, 1907 September 27.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about "La belle Flynn" [Elizabeth Gurley Flynn], Daniel De Leon and the idea that the "Socialist world must be De Leonites or anti-De Leonites", and Connolly's life in America, with list of debts owed to 'Daily People' employees, 1907 October 28.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson advising Matheson to fight rather than resign as editor [of 'The Socialist'], about members of and subscribers to American socialist organisations and publications, and Daniel De Leon, [Frank] Bohn and [Eugene Victor] Debs, [1907?].
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about 'The Harp', "Woodhouse", salaries in the American socialist movement, and outlining how Connolly plans to defend himself against party charges, 1907 December 10.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson expressing frustration about the Socialist movement in the United States, and about the "Unity" resolution, a meeting about New York longshoremen joining the Industrial Workers of the World and the role of that organisation, 1908 January 30.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about Daniel De Leon being "defeated" in New York City, the class issue, Connolly's defence of himself at a meeting, his opinion of the socialist movement in the United Kingdom, and a letter to the United States from Scotland vouching for Connolly's character, 1908 March 1.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about Industrial Workers of the World's politicial versus economic actions and candidates, and seeking Matheson's opinion about Connolly's possible return to Dublin, 1908 April 8.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about the issue of political versus economic action for the working class in the United States compared to the United Kingdom, and the possible effect in the latter of what Connolly sees as the likely and imminent fall of Daniel De Leon, [1908?] April.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson expressing disappointment that a letter of character for him from Scotland has not yet been received in the United States, and about economic action, running election candidates and how the Socialist Labour Party of America "has failed and is discredited", 1908 May 7.
Postcard from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson in praise of a letter by Matheson, confirming that Connolly has asked for a party trial and advising that he is currently unwell, 1908 June 6.
Postcard from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson expressing bitter disappointment at a delay, by then of two months, in receiving from Scotland a letter of character for him, 1908 June 21.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about how he feels socialist parties should work and pointing to differences between American and British parties, and about the Industrial Workers of the World fourth convention, 1908 September 27.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about election votes for Daniel De Leon, [Morris] Hillquit and [Eugene Victor] Debs and how the socialist movement in the United Kingdom might respond to events in the United States, 1908 November 8.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson taking issue with a reprint in 'The Socialist' of Daniel De Leon's pamphlet 'Anarchism and Socialism', 1908 December 20.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson telling of Connolly's disappointment at his lack of success in obtaining a job in Ireland, and about the lesson he has learned in relation to the roles of socialism and the labour movement, 1909 June 10.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson informing him that 'The Harp' has been suspended following libel cases and mismanagement since its transfer to Dublin, and about the actions of an agent, Mr. O'Farrell, selling 'The Socialist' in Dublin, 1911 January 9.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson expressing disappointment about 'The Harp' and about an agent, Mr. Farrell, selling 'The Socialist' in Dublin , 1911 January 11.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about how each of them views the progress of the socialist movement, comparing the British and Irish situations, and recommending books on Irish history, 1911 April 18.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson in which he refers to "this women's business" and "their hearty rebellion", to the [1911?] Insurance Act, and to the issues of compulsory contributions and compulsory arbitration, 1913 June 6.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson thanking him for the letter he wrote while Connolly was in prison, of which he later got a copy since he did not receive the original, 1913 October 13.
Letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson recommending to him Connolly's article 'Old wine in new bottles' in the 'New Age' and requesting a copy of Connolly's poem 'The Legacy' from 'The Socialist', 1914 May 7.
Partial letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about the timing of articles for publication, undated.
Breakdowns of the number of letters in this collection between James Connolly and John Carstairs Matheson, undated.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson thanking him for newspapers, praising [The Soclialist], and about George Yates, 1906 April 17.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson expressing frustation with the socialist movement and its publications in the United States, observing that "everything must filter through Dan" and speculating about possible effects on the movement , 1906 June 10.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson recounting details of recent party elections and votes, and about Daniel De Leon and his 'Flashlights' series of articles, 1906 December 13.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson advising Matheson to fight rather than resign as editor [of 'The Socialist'], about members of and subscribers to American socialist organisations and publications, and Daniel De Leon, [Frank] Bohn and [Eugene Victor] Debs, [1907?].
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about the third Convention of the Industrial Workers of the World, relations between Daniel De Leon, [Eugene Victor] Debs and [William Ernst] Trautmann, plans for a new Irish Socialist Federation publication, and Connolly's recent role as New York organiser for Industrial Workers of the World, 1907 September 27.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about "La Belle Flynn" [Elizabeth Gurley Flynn], Daniel De Leon and the idea that the "Socialist world must be De Leonites or anti-De Leonites", and Connolly's life in America, with list of debts owed to 'Daily People' employees, 1907 October 28.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about 'The Harp', "Woodhouse", salaries in the American socialist movement, and outlining how Connolly plans to defend himself against party charges, 1907 December 10.
Text of a postcard from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson in praise of a letter by Matheson, confirming that Connolly has asked for a party trial and advising that he is currently unwell, 1908 June 6.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson expressing frustration about the Socialist movement in the United States, and about the "Unity" resolution, a meeting about New York longshoremen joining the Industrial Workers of the World and the role of that organisation, 1908 January 30.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about Daniel De Leon being "defeated" in New York City, the class issue, Connolly's defence of himself at a meeting, his opinion of the socialist movement in the United Kingdom, and a letter to the United States from Scotland vouching for Connolly's character, 1908 March 1.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about Industrial Workers of the World's politicial versus economic actions and candidates, and seeking Matheson's opinion about Connolly's possible return to Dublin, 1908 April 8.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about the issue of political versus economic action for the working class in the United States compared to the United Kingdom, and the possible effect in the latter of what Connolly sees as the likely and imminent fall of Daniel De Leon, 1908 April.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson expressing disappointment that a letter of character for him from Scotland has not yet been received in the United States, and about economic action, running election candidates and how the Socialist Labour Party of America "has failed and is discredited", 1908 May 7.
Text of a postcard from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson expressing bitter disappointment at a delay, by then of two months, in receiving from Scotland a letter of character for him, 1908 June 21.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about how he feels socialist parties should work and pointing to differences between American and British parties, and about the Industrial Workers of the World fourth convention, 1908 September 27.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about election votes for Daniel De Leon, [Morris] Hillquit and [Eugene Victor] Debs and how the socialist movement in the United Kingdom might respond to events in the United States, 1908 November 8.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson taking issue with a reprint in 'The Socialist' of Daniel De Leon's pamphlet 'Anarchism and Socialism', 1908 December 20.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson telling of Connolly's disappointment at his lack of success in obtaining a job in Ireland, and about the lesson he has learned in relation to the roles of socialism and the labour movement, 1909 June 10.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson informing him that 'The Harp' has been suspended following libel cases and mismanagement since its transfer to Dublin, and about the actions of an agent, Mr. O'Farrell, selling 'The Socialist' in Dublin, 1911 January 9.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson expressing disappointment about 'The Harp' and about an agent, Mr. Farrell, selling 'The Socialist' in Dublin, 1911 January 11.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about how each of them views the progress of the socialist movement, comparing the British and Irish situations, and recommending books on Irish history, 1911 April 18.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson in which he refers to "this women's business" and "their hearty rebellion", to the [1911?] Insurance Act, and to the issues of compulsory contributions and compulsory arbitration, 1913 June 6.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson thanking him for the letter he wrote while Connolly was in prison, of which he later got a copy since he did not receive the original, 1913 October 13.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson recommending to him Connolly's article 'Old wine in new bottles' in the 'New Age' and requesting a copy of Connolly's poem 'The Legacy' from 'The Socialist', 1914 May 7.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson explaining that a secretary rather than Connolly acknowledges large donations to the party, and about arranging a visit by Connolly to Scotland, 1902 March 13.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about intrigues within the [Social Democratic Federation], 1902 March 14.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about Connolly's forthcoming visit to Scotland and about matters involving [Harry] Quelch, 1902 March 24.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about a manifesto by Matheson, and about Connolly's impressions of matters in Edinburgh, 1902 May 9.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about publication problems and about matters in Manchester and Lancashire, 1902 July 14.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson outlining the limit of the corrections that can be made to articles prior to printing in 'The Socialist', and telling of his plans for a trip to the United States, 1902 August 22.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to "Dear comrade" [John Carstairs Matheson] regarding financial and other matters related to printing [of 'The Socialist'?], 1902 August 28.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson decling to give suggestions in advance of a conference, and writing about a failed move in Rhode Island against Dan [de Leon], [1903] January 21.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about a delay in printing due to "the turmoil of election printing" and about Matheson's possible expulsion, [1903 Feb?].
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson giving his opinion of Con Lehane, [1903 Feb?].
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about a party dispute in Ireland, the impact of the Socialist Labour Party's sudden withdrawal from Dublin, of the printing of 'The Socialist', and about Connolly's need to find a home for his family and employment, 1903 March 9.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to "Dear Sir" [John Carstairs Matheson] asserting that he is not to be confused with a writer of verse in the United Kingdom, about being poverty stricken and employment, and about the possible expulsion of [George S.] Yates, 1903 March 24.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson warning him of talk that Social Democratic Federation's funds had been stolen to set up 'The Socialist', about Connolly's intention to move to the United States in the autumn, and seeking to encourage Matheson in his local political struggles, 1903 April 8.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about faked reports relating to the Social Democratic Federation and about party branches in Scotland including a new one in Kirkcaldy, 1903 June 24.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson asking him to print an article that Connolly has written to answer [Daniel] De Leon's charge against Connolly, 1904 May 6.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson telling how he is to be tried by the party in Troy and possibly expelled, and about how he intends to fight [Daniel] De Leon, 1904 May 26.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson enclosing a copy of Connolly's defence [for his trial by the Troy section of the party], about articles on the subject and about Connolly having received word from Dublin that his wife was dangerously ill, 1904 June 22.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson in praise of the paper ['The Socialist'], about Dan [De Leon]'s response at a convention to correspondence from Connolly, advising that Mrs Connolly expects to travel to the United States in August, and thanking Matheson for his support, 1904 July 22.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson about his difficulties in the printing trade and current employment as a machinist, the relationship between various parties in the United States, the relationship with similar parties in Europe and Daniel De Leon, 1905 November 19.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly to John Carstairs Matheson in which he states that he is not against Matheson's suggestion that Connolly return to Scotland but must consider his family, and giving information about setting up a printing press, [1905 December 29].
Copy of a letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly asking Connolly to obtain books for him and writing about an election in Falkirk and various political figures in the United Kingdom, 1902 November 28.
Copy of a letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about a disagreement between Connolly and [George S.] Yates relating to 'The Socialist', 1903 February 11.
Copy of a letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about Matheson's teaching role, the Education Act of 1902 and various political events and figures in Scotland, 1903 September 11.
Copy of a letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly wishing him goodbye and good luck, 1903 September 15.
Copy of a letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly enquiring how Connolly is getting on in America, and and suggesting that Connolly write the English verse of the translation of a German socialist song, 1903 December 4.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly confirming that he has sent money to Mrs Connolly and offering any assistance, about the success of "the paper" ['The Socialist'?] and about other political events and people, 1904 January 5.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly expressing relief at hearing from Connolly and requesting regular articles from him for the soon-to-be enlarged paper ['The Socialist'], 1904 March 28.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about an article by Connolly about Dan [de Leon] to be published [in 'The Socialist'] and the personal and political issues raised by it, 1904 May 16.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly informing him that he replied to a letter from Dan [de Leon] about Connolly, 1904 June 7.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly expressing support for Connolly and expressing frustation with some critics [of 'The Socialist'], 1904 June 7.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly defending himself by reiterating what response he made to Dan [de Leon]'s letter enquiring about James Connolly, and stating his readiness to defend Connolly, 1904 August 3.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly hoping that he and Lillie Connolly are settling in in America and relating Dan [de Leon]'s belief that Connolly would not be expelled from the Socialist Labour Party of America, 1904 October 7.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly thanking Connolly for some papers, enquiring about Connolly's employment and about various figures and local events in the United Kingdom, 1904 December 23.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [James Connolly] confirming that he will be glad to publish any material by him, and enquiring after mutual acquaintances, 1905 February 9.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly proposing that Connolly return to Scotland and act as printer of "our paper" ['The Socialist'], recounting in detail some events and disagreements within the Socialist Labour Party, and confirming that he is again editor of 'The Socialist', 1905 December 9.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about difficulties in the proposed move by Connolly to Scotland to act as printer [of 'The Socialist'], and predicting the affiliation of the Social Democratic Federation with the Labour Representation Committee, 1906 March 12.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly stating that he still hopes to be able to invite Connolly to return work in Scotland, and telling him of political events and figures in the United Kingdom, 1906 May 27.
Parital copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about local views of the relationship between the American and British Socialist Labour Parties, the new compositor [for 'The Socialist'] and about various political events and figures, 1906 June 20.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about Connolly's role in the United States, the success of the Socialist Labour Party and its industrial union propaganda, and Matheson's intention to cease as editor of ['The Socialist'], 1907 March 2.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly seeking practical information on the administration of the Industrial Workers of the World and referring to Connolly's writings about Dan [De Leon], 1907 April 21.
Text of a postcard from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about political events and figures and referring to charges made against Daniel [De Leon], 1907 October 14.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about their newspapers, party salaries and Connolly's differences with Dan [De Leon], 1907 November 17.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about Connolly's songbook, articles by Matheson, and Daniel [De Leon] and [William D.] Haywood, 1907 November 19.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly expressing frustration about the ILP in Ireland and seeking Connolly's advice on the issue, 1907 November 25.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly offering advice in relation to Connolly's account of Dan [De Leon], and about Connolly's role in the foundation of the SLP, [George S.] Yates' claim to be its "father" and Matheson's opinion of 'The Daily People', 1907 December 22.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about the possible provision of a letter to Connolly about his "stainless and meritorious record in the Socialist Labout Party", party troubles in the United States and the United Kingdom, 1908 February 16.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly confirming he had sent to Connolly copies of a 1903 issue of 'The Socialist' in praise of Connolly, and referring to Dan [De Leon] and political figures and events in Britain, 1908 March 16.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about Connolly's differences with [Daniel] De Leon, the relationship between the Socialist Labour Party and the Advocates of Industrial Unionism, and enclosing letters from other correspondents, 1908 April 2.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly advising that "the letter you require" should be given soon and writing about the level of support for Connolly in Scotland as regards to his differences with Daniel De Leon, 1908 April 8.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly referring to Connolly's "proposed emigration", the reaction to Connolly's attitude to Sinn Féin, and other political matters, 1908 April 27.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly confirming he has asked for a copy of a letter to be sent to Connolly, enclosing a copy of a letter Matheson received from G. Geis, and asking about the New York Industrial District Council, 1908 June 19.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly in which he seeks to understand Connolly's side of the situation where [Daniel De Leon] "wanted to get rid of you - and he has", 1908 September 8.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about "De Leon's charges", disagreement within the Socialist Labour Party, unemployment and unrest in Scotland, 1908 October 12.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly in which he states that he does not "want to mix myself up in any of these American rows" and writes of feeling "very depressed and dispirited" over political difficulties, 1908 November 17.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about charges made by Daniel De Leon against James Connolly and [Frank] Bohn and related meeting minutes, and giving his opinion of that party, 1908 December 5.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly regarding a pamphlet about anarchism, Matheson's resignation as editor [of 'The Socialist'], and polical events in Scotland and the United States, 1909 January 31.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about unions and politics in the United Kingdom, the United States and France, 1909 March 23.
Partial copy of a letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about local political affairs, and about an article in 'Forward' possibly suggesting Matheson, falsely, as the author of an anonymous letter and seeking Connolly's help and advice in the matter, 1910 October 2.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about arranging to meet, Connolly's return from the United States and Matheson's relationship with the ILP [Independent Labour Party?], 1910 October 7.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about Matheson's forthcoming review of a book by Connolly to appear in 'The Socialist' and Matheson's views on socialists of one country intervening in the matters of another country, 1910 December 11.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about reaction to Connolly's book, thanking Connolly for sending some election literature, and subscribing to 'The Harp', 1911 January 6.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about a case that Connollly mentioned concerning "Farrell" and his likely attempt to seek publication [in 'The Socialist'], 1911 January 10.
Copy of a letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about the Scottish reaction to the "strike" [1913 lockout?] and an article about it, and the 'Daily Herald' and its stance on "snydicalism", 1913 October 18.
Copy of a letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly about an article in 'The Socialist' on "the Dublin strike", an "attack" on Connolly in the 'Weekly People' and an article in the 'Liberator' on the Socialist movement in the United States, with an enclosed letter from Jane Matheson asking if she may quote Connolly in support of women in her reply to an article in the 'Socialist' on suffragettes, 1913 November 15.
Copy of a letter from Jane C. Matheson on behalf of her husband John Carstairs Matheson to a Mr O'Brien in response to O'Brien's letter relating to letters of James Connolly's, 1916 November 2.
Letters from George S. Yates to James Connolly and Lyng, including letters from John Carstairs Matheson to Lyng, and copy of letter from Connolly to Yates, 1900-1905.
Postcard from John Carstairs Matheson to J [John J?] Lyng of the Irish Socialist Republican Party about payment for 'The Socialist', on sale that week, and advising that Matheson's initials will appear on articles that he has sent in, 1902 July 7.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party?] about material for publication, [1902 September].
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party?] about material for publication, [1902 September].
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear Lyng" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party?] about material for publication on topics that include a trade union congress, class consciousness and "Prof. Agnoletti's old article", 1902 September 17.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear Lyng" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party?] about material for publication on topics that include a trade union congress, class consciousness and "Prof. Agnoletti's old article", 1902 September 17.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party?] about a speech referring to Ireland that was delivered at a demonstration, and about subjects for publication, 1902 September 28.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party] about a speech referring to Ireland that was delivered at a demonstration, and about subjects for publication, 1902 September 28.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party?] enclosing payment for a year's subscription to the ['Workers' Republic’] and about an election in Falkirk, 1902 October 7.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party?] enclosing payment for a year's subscription to the ['Workers' Republic’] and about an election in Falkirk, 1902 October 7.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party?] enquiring how "the paper" ['the Socialist'?] is getting on and requesting copies of an issue of the 'United Irishman', 1902 November 14.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party?] enquiring about "the paper" ['the Socialist'?] and requesting copies of an issue of the 'United Irishman', 1902 November 14.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party?] enquiring if definite arrangments have been made for the supply of 'The Socialist' to American contributors, and about the August issue, 1903 July 14.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [John J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party?] enquiring if definite arrangments have been made for the supply of 'The Socialist' to American contributors, and about the August issue , 1903 July 14.
Copy of letter from John Carstairs Matheson to "Dear comrade" [Secretary of the Socialist Party of Ireland?] asking that he request copy from the correspondent of the "S.P. of Ireland", 1905 March 13.
Letter from George S. Yates to "Dear Lyng" [Murtagh Lyng?] sending his "few lines" and about a possible trip to Dublin, [1900 May].
Copy of letter from George S. Yates to "Dear Lyng" [Murtagh Lyng?] sending his "few lines" and about a possible trip to Dublin, [1900 May].
Letter from George S. Yates to "Dear Lyng" [Murtagh Lyng?] about the number of copies of "the paper" ['The Socialist'] available in Scotland and whether it will still be printed in Ireland, [1902].
Copy of letter from George S. Yates to "Dear Lyng" [Murtagh Lyng?] about the number of copies of "the paper" ['The Socialist'] available in Scotland and whether it will still be printed in Ireland, [1902].
Letter from George S. Yates to "Comrade" [Murtagh or Thomas Lyng?] about errors in the printing of 'The Socialist' and how many copies should be sent where, 1902 July 23.
Copy of letter from George S. Yates to "Comrade" [Murtagh or Thomas Lyng?] about errors in the printing of 'The Socialist' and how many copies should be sent where, 1902 July 23.
Letter from George S. Yates to "Lyng" [Murtagh or Thomas Lyng?] about the late arrival of the January issue of 'The Socialist' and the printing of articles over more than one page, 1903 February 7.
Copy of letter from George S. Yates to "Lyng" [Murtagh or Thomas Lyng?] about the late arrival of the January issue of 'The Socialist' and the printing of articles over more than one page, 1903 February 7.
Letter from George S. Yates to "Lyng" [Murtagh or Thomas Lyng?] advising that 'The Socialist' will no longer be printed in Dublin but in Edinburgh and cancelling another printing job, 1903 February 17.
Copy of letter from George S. Yates to "Lyng" [Murtagh or Thomas Lyng?] advising that 'The Socialist' will no longer be printed in Dublin but in Edinburgh and cancelling another printing job, 1903 February 17.
Letter from George S. Yates to James Connolly describing a recent sea crossing and giving details of a "McGuinness", 1900 May 17.
Letter from George S. Yates to James Connolly expressing frustation with party participation in Edinburgh and enquiring about mutual acquaintances in Ireland, [1900 summer?].
Copy of letter from George S. Yates to James Connolly expressing frustation with party participation in Edinburgh and enquring about mutual acquaintances in Ireland, [1900 summer?].
Letter from George S. Yates to James Connolly about a recent issue of 'Workers' Republic’, an article about the death of W[ilhelm Martin Philipp Christian Ludwig] Liebknecht, and the publication 'Justice' and local events, 1900 September 6.
Copy of letter from George S. Yates to James Connolly about a recent issue of 'Workers' Republic’, an article about the death of W[ilhelm Martin Philipp Christian Ludwig] Liebknecht, and the publication 'Justice' and local events, 1900 September 6.
Letter from George S. Yates to James Connolly offering pamphlets, informing Connolly that he has temporarily resigned from the Glasgow branch, about preparations for a congress at Blackburn, and asking if Connolly could visit Scotland as a "lecturer" that summer, [1902].
Copy of letter from George S. Yates to James Connolly offering pamphlets, informing Connolly that he has temporarily resigned from the Glasgow branch, about preparations for a congress at Blackburn, and asking if Connolly could visit Scotland as a "lecturer" that summer, [1902].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to George S. Yates in reply to Yates' letter about the late arrival of the January issue of 'The Socialist' and the printing of articles over more than one page, [1903 February].
Letter from George S. Yates to James Connolly giving news of his working and political life in Middlesborough, and writing of the death of Enid Stacy, the upcoming general election and the election efforts of [Henry] Hyndman, 1903 October 31.
Copy of letter from George S. Yates to James Connolly giving news of his working and political life in Middlesborough, and writing of the death of Enid Stacy, the upcoming general election and the election efforts of [Henry] Hyndman, 1903 October 31.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking that he make appropriate enquiries in relation to gas money and an acquaintance's stories about monies found, and thanking O'Brien for his help in embarassing circumstances related to a suit of clothes, 1902 June 7.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien in which he states his willingness to resign from the [Irish Socialist Republican] Party if O'Brien will continue in it, 1903 March 21.
Letter from James Connolly to the Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party setting out his reasons for resigning from that party, including references to various financial issues, [1903 March?].
Letter from James Connolly [to William O'Brien, Financial Secretary,Irish Socialist Republican Party] seeking payment for days worked for the Irish Socialist Republican Party and about a notice about his resignation to be printed in "the paper" [‘ Workers' Republic'], [1903 March].
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about [Daniel] De Leon's "attack on me", the setting up of the [Irish Socialist Federation] and the upcoming International Socialist Congress, 1907 April 15.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien enclosing money for subscriptions and requesting at least 500 copies of a pamphlet, 1907 May 20.
Letter from James Connolly to [J.W. O'Beirne,] manager of the 'Irish Nation', providing content for the January [1908?] issue of 'The Harp' and making arrangements for its printing since he has "resolved to give up the contract", [1909] December 1.
Partial letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien expressing a desire to move back to Ireland, hoping that O'Brien can "get that job for me" but recognising the financial costs of moving with his family, 1909 May 24.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien and others, thanking them for their efforts to get Connolly a position in Ireland, expressing his disappointment at that failure, and outlining his ideas for trade unionism in Ireland, 1909 July 5.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about his position as national organiser for the Socialist Party of America, the possibility of his return to Ireland, his "plan of action for Ireland", and his hopes to have 'Labour in Irish history' published in London, 1909 September 12.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien proposing how 'The Harp' might be printed in Dublin, which would enable him to move back to Dublin to take care of it, 1909 October 3.
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien promising a copy of a manuscript and enquiring whether O'Brien has abandoned "the other matter" [of enabling Connolly to return to Ireland], 1909 October 20.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien acknowledging receipt of quotations for printing 'The Harp', outlining his plans for the paper, and confirming that he will send a copy of a book ['Labour in Irish history'] to [Francis] Sheehy Skeffington, 1909 November 2.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien informing him that 'The Harp' is the "property of comrade Donnelly" who does not wish to be involved once it transfers to Ireland, and communicating other information about the paper, 1909 November 03.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien seeking acknowledgment of the receipt of books sent by Connolly to the Socialist Party of Ireland, and requesting weekly copies of the 'Freemason' and the 'Independent', 1909 November 19.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about copy for 'The Harp', Connolly's possible return to Ireland "for the cause" and elaborating on his views for trade unions in Ireland, 1909 December 6.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien attempting to clarify Connolly's intentions in transferring the printing and publishing of 'The Harp' to Dublin regardless of whether Connolly himself returns to Ireland, 1909 December 18.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien re-iterating his desire to have 'The Harp' published in Ireland and informing O'Brien about an offer he has made to the 'Irish Nation' if they will take care of it, and explaining his reasons for not making a trip to Ireland, 1909 December 20.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien stating that he is considering an "experimental trip" to Ireland prompted by the offer of a job elsewhere, and expressing his satisfaction on hearing that [James] Larkin will manage 'The Harp', 1910 March 7.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien confirming that he will be in Dublin in the last week of July, about where he will travel within Ireland and Britain and how his trip will be publicised, and expressing a preference that [James] Larkin be involved in organising Connolly's tour, [1910] May 3.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien enclosing subscription money for 'The Harp' and requesting a statement of account before sending more, and about his proposed trip to Ireland in July, 1910 May 14.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking if 'The Harp' is "alive or dead" as the May issue has not been received and asking about subscription monies he sent to Dublin that have not been acknowledged, 1910 May 29.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien explaining why he wrote previously to O'Brien instead of to [James] Larkin, about the Belfast portion of Connolly's trip to Ireland and Connolly's attitude to the Irish Independent Labour Party, and about his reply to Father Kane, 1910 June 6.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about James Larkin's imprisonment, matters related to Connolly's upcoming lecture tour in Ireland and Britain, and the continued non-arrival of 'The Harp', 1910 June 24.
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien reassuring O'Brien that he does not hold him responsible for circumstances, 1910 July 14.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien to advise that his ship has landed [from the United States] and he will be in Dublin at 1[pm?] on Tuesday, 1910 July 26.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking why he has not been paid monies due to him, and asking about the prices of buttons and for an account with future materials, [1910 August].
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien expressing hope that Connolly's tour has been seen as a success, promoting support for new branches, advising that Belfast people want a conference in Dublin, and declining an offer of employment as an organiser in Ireland, 1910 September 5.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien informing him that Belfast comrades plan to visit Dublin on September [18?] and urging Dublin to receive them well for the first such Socialist gathering in Ireland, 1910 September 12.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about a conference in Dublin for comrades visiting from Belfast, and elaborating on his reasons for declining an offer of employment as an organiser in Ireland, 1910 September 16.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien advising that he is making plans to return to America and asking if there is enough business in Ireland to justify him travelling from Queenstown [Cobh], 1910 September 20.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien requesting copies of 'Labour', asking about the conference [in Dublin for Belfast comrades] and asking O'Brien to let him know about James Larkin's intentions after his release from prison, 1910 September 27.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien requesting 50 books, title unspecified, to be sent to him in Scotland, 1910 September 28.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien outlining his ideas as to how Connolly might work in Ireland and be paid, enclosing a statement to members, and giving his opinion about his possible employment with the Irish Transport Workers' Union for O'Brien to communicate to James Larkin, 1910 October 2.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien requesting pamphlets and enquiring about stock and reprinting of same, 1910 October 5.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien on learning of the failure of his proposal to consider the establishment of an organiser's fund, his unwillingness to go on the payroll [of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union], and his belief that Irish socialists must fight elections, 1910 October 11.
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking that O'Brien not pursue the idea of a trip by Connolly to Dublin and Cork as Connolly does not wish to risk a delay to his return to America, 1910 October 12.
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Your letter received. All right, go ahead", 1910 October 24.
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien about an appeal in 'Forward' that money be sent to O'Brien, 1910 October 31.
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "will be in Dublin on Sunday", 1910 November 5.
Postcard from James Connolly to the secretary of the Socialist Party of Ireland about a complaint that Miss [Helena] Moloney has not received her membership card although elected on January 23, 1911 February 12.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about a resolution regarding the payment of members [of Parliament], the failure of Dublin to reply to letters from Belfast branch and the success of that branch since its reorganisation, 1911 February 14.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien urging O'Brien to "lift the party out of the rut" and expressing his belief that his own time would be better spent in Ireland than in the United Kingdom, 1911 May 22.
Letter from James Connolly [to William O'Brien?] advising against believing [James] Larkin in relation to a couple of matters, and about roles and abilities within the party, 1911 May 24.
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien about an article by [William?] Walker in 'Forward' and requesting material to be sent to Connolly immediately, 1911 May 31.
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien requesting that an account of the Labour Party congress be sent to 'Forward' and to Connolly, 1911 June 12.
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien stating that he will be "at the rooms on Wednesday evening" and would like to talk with him, 1911 August 15.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien requesting a speaker and advising of Connolly's arrival by train that night, 1911 August 26.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien giving news of progress in Belfast and asking for news fom Dublin, 1911 December 7.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien referring to the political future of Labour in Ireland, 1912 January 26.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about possible articles and pamphlets, and the opportunity to create a "great Labour movement", 1912 June 29.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about a possible lecture by Connolly, 1912 September 11.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien expressing dissatisfaction with James Larkin, "the general inactivity" and "playing to one man", and offering advice as to how to handle the situation, 1912 September 13.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien apologising for not writing sooner to O'Brien and Fred Ryan as his time has been taken up with election and trade union matters, 1913 January 3.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "The Labour movement in Ulster", 1913 January 22.
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien requesting details of Labour candidates in Dublin and elsewhere in Ireland for use in an article in 'Forward', 1913 January 30
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien confirming that he has booked rooms in Cork and requesting details of excursion trains from Dublin, 1913 May 5.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Book Conley Lawlor mill workers demonstration here Monday night", 1913 May 31.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien confirming a meeting for June 9, and about strikes in Northern Ireland and a rival union The Belfast Transport Workers Union, with note of expenses, f 1913 June 6.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about a joint committee and the issue of Home rule, and explaining in confidence why he feels that he cannot tolerate James Larkin as his boss for much longer, 1913 July 29.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien advising that Connolly will be in Dublin on Monday, 1913 October 26.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien outlining Connolly's advice to James Larkin regarding the resumption of work and the issue of working with non-union labour, [1913 November/December].
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien offering advice as to the circumstances in which to use a solicitor and when to defend oneself in cases, and describing Belfast branch as "almost bankrupt and broken up", 1914 May 4.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien in which he expresses hope that a Congress will have a positive effect [on James Larkin] and that he will remain in Dublin, about a deputation to London, and a possible fund to "keep [Walter] Carpenter" in Dublin, 1914 June 8.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about an article by [Mrs O'Hare] and James Larkin's correspondence with [William Dudley] Haywood about a tour and the [Walter] "Carpenter business", 1914 June 15.
Partial letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about a trip by "Campbell" and or [Tom?] "Johnson", 1914 July 23.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Advise postponement of trip in Belfast Sunday", 1914 August 15.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Wired you Waterford advising postponement of trip", 1914 August 16.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "No Lehane letters here yet", 1914 August 17.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "No Lehane letters here yet explain", 1914 August 18.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien advising that he is about to resign from the Irish Labour Party in Belfast and about the abandonment of meetings during World War I, 1914 August 22.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien stressing the importance of keeping appointments to foster confidence and co-operation, and about some districts acting upon their own initiative, 1914 September 5.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Am anxious for word from Dan about that matter", 1914 September 5.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "You delayed news probable date too long notice Tuesday do wire Fennel hotel Sligo Connolly", 1914 September 5.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Will be in Ballymote Monday", 1914 September 5.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Will arrive six Wednesday evening", 1914 September 7.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Arrive Dublin six Wednesday wire acknowledgement", 1914 September 8.
Postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien advising that a train arrives at Amiens St at 5.30pm, 1914 September 8.
Lettercard from James Connolly to William O'Brien informing him that he plans to stay out of events around a committee resignation and meeting, and asking to meet O'Brien, 1914 September 10.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Arrive Dublin five thirty Connolly", 1914 September 22.
Telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Jim is appointing Daly in charge of union see [Thomas] Foran am writing you", 1914 October 5.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien suggesting how to handle James Larkin's intention that Connolly look after "the paper and the insurance" while [P. T.] Daly takes charge of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, [1914 October 5].
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about what he sees as the likely impact on the Labour movement and the nationalist cause of [P.T.] Daly leading the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, 1914 October 7
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking O'Brien to speak at a meeting to seek wage increases for port labourers, 1915 February 12.
Partial letter from James Connolly [to William O'Brien?] about a cross- America trip that could be undertaken by "O'Carroll" or "Daly", undated.
Partial letter from James Connolly [to William O'Brien?] about Connolly's views on home rule for Ireland and his suggestions for a number of meetings in Belfast, undated.
Letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien in which he writes of having been "driven forth [out of Ireland] by the "Socialists"", undated.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking that he make appropriate enquiries in relation to gas money and an acquaintance's stories about monies found, and thanking O'Brien for his help in embarassing circumstances related to a suit of clothes, 1902 June 7.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien in which he states his willingness to resign from the [Irish Socialist Republican] Party if O'Brien will continue in it, 1903 March 21.
Copy of letter from James Connolly [to William O'Brien, Financial Secretary,Irish Socialist Republican Party] seeking payment for days worked for the Irish Socialist Republican Party and about a notice about his resignation to be printed in "the paper" [‘ Workers' Republic'], [1903 March].
Copy of circular from John J. Lyng and others inviting members to join a Socialist organisation in the United States and to attend its inauguration in March, [1907 January].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about [Daniel] De Leon's "attack on me", the setting up of the [Irish Socialist Federation] and the upcoming International Socialist Congress, 1907 April 15.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien enclosing money for subscriptions and requesting at least 500 copies of a pamphlet, 1907 May 20.
Partial copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien expressing a desire to move back to Ireland but recognising the financial costs of moving with his family, 1909 May 24.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien and others, thanking them for their efforts to get Connolly a position in Ireland, expressing his disappointment at that failure, and outlining his ideas for trade unionism in Ireland, 1909 July 5.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about his position as national organiser for the Socialist Party of America, the possibility of his return to Ireland, his "plan of action for Ireland", and his hopes to have 'Labour in Irish history' published in London, 1909 September 12.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien proposing how 'The Harp' might be printed in Dublin, which would enable him to move back to Dublin to take care of it, 1909 October 3.
Text of postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien promising a copy of a manuscript and enquiring whether O'Brien has abandoned "the other matter" [of enabling Connolly to return to Ireland], 1909 October 20.
Copy of letters and advertisements from James Connolly promoting 'The Harp', for William O'Brien to forward to socialist publications, [1909 November 03].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien seeking acknowledgment of the receipt of books sent by Connolly to the Socialist Party of Ireland, and requesting weekly copies of the 'Freemason' and the 'Independent', 1909 November 19.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to the manager of the 'Irish Nation' providing copy for the January [1908?] issue of 'The Harp' and making arrangements for its printing since he has "resolved to give up the contract", 1909 December 1.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about copy for 'The Harp', Connolly's possible return to Ireland "for the cause" and elaborating on his views for trade unions in Ireland, 1909 December 6.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien attempting to clarify Connolly's intentions in transferring the printing and publishing of 'The Harp' to Dublin regardless of whether Connolly himself returns to Ireland, 1909 December 18.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien re-iterating his desire to have 'The Harp' published in Ireland and informing O'Brien about an offer he has made to the 'Irish Nation', and explaining his reasons for not making a trip to Ireland, 1909 December 20.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien stating that he is considering an "experimental trip" to Ireland prompted by the offer of a job elsewhere, and expressing his satisfaction on hearing that [James] Larkin will manage 'The Harp', 1910 March 7.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien confirming that he will be in Dublin in the last week of July, about where he will travel within Ireland and Britain and how his trip will be publicised, and expressing a preference that [James] Larkin be involved in organising Connolly's tour, [1910] May 3.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien enclosing subscription money for 'The Harp' and requesting a statement of account before sending more, and about his proposed trip to Ireland in July, 1910 May 14.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking if 'The Harp' is "alive or dead" as the May issue has not been received and asking about subscription monies he sent to Dublin that have not been acknowledged, 1910 May 29.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien explaining why he wrote previously to O'Brien instead of to [James] Larkin, about the Belfast portion of Connolly's trip to Ireland and Connolly's attitude to the Irish Independent Labour Party, and about his reply to Father Kane, 1910 June 6.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about James Larkin's imprisonment, matters related to Connolly's upcoming lecture tour in Ireland and Britain, and the continued non-arrival of 'The Harp', 1910 June 24.
Text of postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien reassuring O'Brien that he does not hold him responsible for circumstances, 1910 July 14.
Copy of telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien to advise that his ship has landed [from the United States] and he will be in Dublin at 1[pm?] on Tuesday, 1910 July 26.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking why he has not been paid monies due to him, and asking about the prices of buttons and for an account with future materials, [1910 August].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien expressing hope that Connolly's tour has been seen as a success, promoting support for new branches, advising that Belfast people want a conference in Dublin, and declining an offer of employment as an organiser in Ireland, 1910 September 5.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien informing him that Belfast comrades plan to visit Dublin on September [18?] and urging Dublin to receive them well for the first such Socialist gathering in Ireland, 1910 September 12.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about a conference in Dublin for comrades visiting from Belfast, 1910 September 16.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien advising that he is making plans to return to America and asking if there is enough business in Ireland to justify him travelling from Queenstown [Cobh], 1910 September 20.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien requesting copies of 'Labour', asking about the conference [in Dublin for Belfast comrades] and asking O'Brien to let him know about James Larkin's intentions after his release from prison, 1910 September 27.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien outlining his ideas as to how Connolly might work in Ireland and be paid, enclosing a statement to members, and giving his opinion about his possible employment with the Irish Transport Workers' Union for O'Brien to communicate to James Larkin, 1910 October 2.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien requesting pamphlets and enquiring about stock and reprinting of same, 1910 October 5.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien on learning of the failure of his proposal to consider the establishment of an organiser's fund, his unwillingness to go on the payroll [of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union], and his belief that Irish socialists must fight elections, 1910 October 11.
Text of a postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking that O'Brien not pursue the idea of a trip by Connolly to Dublin and Cork as Connolly does not wish to risk a delay to his return to America, 1910 October 12.
Text of postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Your letter received. All right, go ahead", 1910 October 24.
Text of postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien about an appeal in 'Forward' that money be sent to O'Brien, 1910 October 31.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about a resolution regarding the payment of members [of Parliament], the failure of Dublin to reply to letters from Belfast branch and the success of that branch since its reorganisation, 1911 February 14.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien urging O'Brien to "lift the party out of the rut" and expressing his belief that his own time would be better spent in Ireland than in the United Kingdom, 1911 May 22.
Copy of letter from James Connolly [to William O'Brien?] advising against believing [James] Larkin in relation to a couple of matters, and about roles and abilities within the party, 1911 May 24.
Text of postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien about an article by [William?] Walker in 'Forward' and requesting material to be sent to Connolly immediately, 1911 May 31.
Text of postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien requesting that an account of the Labour Party congress be sent to 'Forward' and to Connolly, 1911 June 12.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Richard James Hoskin thanking him for his assistance, outlining Connolly's recent financial affairs and referring to matters in Dublin, Cork and Belfast, 1911 June 14.
Text of postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien giving an account of a meeting, 1911 Sept 15.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien giving news of progress in Belfast and asking for news from Dublin, 1911 December 7.
Partial copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about possible articles and pamphlets, and the opportunity to create a "great Labour movement", 1912 June 29.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about a possible lecture by Connolly, 1912 September 11.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien expressing dissatisfaction with James Larkin, "the general inactivity" and "playing to one man", and offering advice as to how to handle the situation, 1912 September 13.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien informing him of his availability, 1912 October 8.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about an address Connolly will deliver and requesting a list of lecturers who would come to Belfast, 1912 October 16.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien apologising for not writing sooner to O'Brien and Fred Ryan as his time has been taken up with election and trade union matters, 1913 January 3.
Text of postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien requesting details of Labour candidates in Dublin and elsewhere in Ireland for use in an article in 'Forward', 1913 January 30
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien confirming a meeting for June 9, and about strikes in Northern Ireland and a rival union The Belfast Transport Workers Union, with note of expenses, f 1913 June 6.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about a joint committee and the issue of Home rule for Ireland, and explaining in confidence why he feels that he cannot tolerate James Larkin as his boss for much longer, 1913 July 29.
Copy of the charge for seditious libel and seditious company against James Connolly and others, 1913 August 28.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking O'Brien to make arrangements for the supply of newspapers to Connolly in Mountjoy Prison, [1913 September 5].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien outlining Connolly's advice to James Larkin regarding the resumption of work and the issue of working with non-union labour, [1914 January 15?].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien offering advice as to the circumstances in which to use a solicitor and when to defend oneself in cases, and describing Belfast branch as "almost bankrupt and broken up", 1914 May 4.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien in which he expresses hope that a Congress will have a positive effect [on James Larkin] and that he will remain in Dublin, about a deputation to London, and a possible fund to "keep [Walter] Carpenter" in Dublin, 1914 June 8.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about an article by [Mrs O'Hare] and James Larkin's correspondence with [William Dudley] Haywood about a tour and the [Walter] "Carpenter business", 1914 June 15.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about a trip by "Campbell" and/or [Tom?] "Johnson" and a cross-America trip that could be undertaken by "O'Carroll" or "Daly", 1914 July 23.
Copy of telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Advise postponement of trip in Belfast Sunday", 1914 August 15.
Copy of telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Wired you Waterford advising postponement of trip", 1914 August 16.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien advising that he is about to resign from the Irish Labour Party in Belfast and about the abandonment of meetings during World War I, 1914 August 22.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien stressing the importance of keeping appointments to foster confidence and co-operation, and about some districts acting upon their own initiative, 1914 September 5.
Copy of telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Am anxious for word from Dan about that matter", 1914 September 5.
Copy of telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "You delayed news probable date too long notice Tuesday do wire Fennel hotel Sligo Connolly", 1914 September 5.
Copy of telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Will arrive six Wednesday evening", 1914 September 7.
Copy of 2 telegrams from James Connolly to William O'Brien confirming Connolly's arrival in Dublin at 6pm on Wednesday, 1914 September 8.
Copy of lettercard from James Connolly to William O'Brien informing him that he plans to stay out of events around a committee resignation and meeting, and asking to meet O'Brien, 1914 September 10.
Copy of telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Arrive Dublin five thirty Connolly", 1914 September 22.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien confirming that he returned a document marked up with his additions and alterations, [1914 September 22].
Copy of telegram from James Connolly to William O'Brien saying "Jim is appointing Daly in charge of union see [Thomas] Foran am writing you", 1914 October 5.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien suggesting how to handle James Larkin's intention that Connolly look after "the paper and the insurance" while [P. T.] Daly takes charge of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, [1914 October 5].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien about what he sees as the likely impact on the Labour movement and the nationalist cause of [P.T.] Daly leading the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, 1914 October 7
Copy of letter from James Connolly to James Larkin setting out Connolly's response to Larkin's proposal about sharing responsiblities at the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union during Larkin's absence, 1914 October 9.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking O'Brien to speak at a meeting to seek wage increases for port labourers, 1915 February 12.
Copy of postcard from James Connolly to William O'Brien asking O'Brien if he can attend a meeting to protest against the Budget, 1915 September 22.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien in which he writes of having been "driven forth [out of Ireland] by the "Socialists"", [1903 August].
Letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly communicating the members' pleasure at the news of the formation of a socialist group in New York and referring to pamphlets and articles by Connolly and others, 1907 February 13.
Letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly about the printing of a pamphlet and an order from the United States for others, 1907 April 20.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly about the printing of a pamphlet and an order from the United States for others, 1907 April 20.
Letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly giving an account of the fusion of the Irish Socialist Republican Party and the Socialist Labour Party and of various acquaintances and activities throughout Ireland, 1907 December.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly confirming that James Larkin wishes to meet Connolly and, given Larkin's status as a prisoner, advising Connolly when the meeting should take place, 1910 July 2.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly advising that 'The Harp' is threatened with 4 libel actions, and informing Connolly to apply for a private meeting with James Larkin, 1910 July 4.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly about the issue of the payment of members [of Parliament], work in Cork and the "proposed Labour Party", 1911 February 21.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly advising Connolly to attend a meeting in Dublin the following Thursday and enclosing £1 for that purpose, 1911 June 19.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly about a Socialist Party of Ireland conference to be held on the 1st of October, 1911 September 1911.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly informing him of the indefinite postponement of a Socialist Party of Ireland conference due to take place on the 1st of October, and about a Dublin Chamber of Commerce decision to form an organisation of Irish employers, 1911 September 28.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly asking if Connolly could respond to a report on strikes by writing an article for the 'Irish Worker' and referring to ILP [Independent Labour Party] success in the North Dock Ward [Dublin], 1912 June 28.
Incomplete copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly about James Larkin's intention to resign over the issue of "public meetings in support of labour representation" and wondering if Connolly could attend an event, 1912 September 12.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly about Connolly delivering lectures in Dublin, and about events in the North Dock Ward [Dublin], 1912 October 1.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly providing figures on Dublin Labour Party candidates, as requested by Connolly, and expressing his wish to consult Connolly on various matters, 1913 January [31].
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly regarding James Larkin's resignation from, and O'Brien possibly becoming chairman of, the [Parliamentary Committee (PC) of the Irish Trade Union Congress], and other matters, 1913 March 22.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly giving news of James Larkin's health and activities, and other events and articles in Dublin, 1913 June 5.
Incomplete copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly asking Connolly to visit Dublin to assist in a union situation regarding the unloading of a Head shipping line vessel for Gouldings [Chemicals?], 1914 February 14.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly about a manifesto regarding the "proposed exclusion of Ulster" [in relation to Home Rule for Ireland] and the Curragh mutiny, and a public meeting about the Dublin Housing Commission report, 1914 March.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly expressing surprise and sorrow at reading that Connolly was to emigrate to the United States and paying tribute to the work Connolly did in Ireland, 1903 August.
Letters and postcards from James Connolly to John Mulray including one from Mulray to Connolly, 1904-1908.
Letter from James Connolly to John Mulray expressing friendship, enquiring about mutual acquaintances and thanking Dublin socialists for help given to Lillie Connolly, 1904 September 29.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Mulray expressing friendship, enquiring about mutual acquaintances and thanking Dublin socialists for help given to Lillie Connolly, 1904 September 29.
Letter from James Connolly to John Mulray informing him that he has lost his job, may look for work in New York and wonders if Mulray can assist him in finding accommodation, 1904 December 6.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Mulray informing him that he has lost his job, may look for work in New York and wonders if Mulray can assist him in finding accommodation, 1904 December 6.
Letter from James Connolly to John Mulray asking for Mulray's assistance in clearing an account so that Connolly may take up new employment, 1905 April 12.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Mulray asking for Mulray's assistance in clearing an account so that Connolly may take up new employment, 1905 April 12.
Letter from James Connolly to John Mulray informing him that he was not able to secure a job due to a debt not being cleared and asking again for Mulray's help in that matter, 1905 May 4.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Mulray informing him that he was not able to secure a job due to a debt not being cleared and asking again for Mulray's help in that matter, 1905 May 4.
Letter from James Connolly to John Mulray thanking him for a loan of five dollars in addition to clearing Connolly's debt with the Hancock Company, and expressing regret if his words in a previous letter caused offense, 1905 May 7.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Mulray thanking him for a loan of five dollars in addition to clearing Connolly's debt with the Hancock Company, and expressing regret if his words in a previous letter caused offense, 1905 May 7.
Letter from James Connolly to John Mulray about his financial struggle despite having secured employment, his belief that is unlikely he will return to Ireland, and matters in Ireland and New York, 1905 June 19.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Mulray about his financial struggle despite having secured employment, his belief that it is unlikely he will return to Ireland, and matters in Ireland and New York, 1905 June 19.
Letter from James Connolly to John Mulray acknowledging receipt of two dollars, informing him that he may become an organiser for the Socialist Labour Party and outlining why he may move to New York, 1905 July 31.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Mulray acknowledging receipt of two dollars, informing him that he may become an organiser for the Socialist Labour Party and outlining why he may move to New York, 1905 July 31.
Letter from James Connolly to John Mulray informing him that he has got a new job as an engineer or machinist, and arranging to meet Mulray, 1905 September 14.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Mulray informing him that he has got a new job as an engineer or machinist, and arranging to meet Mulray, 1905 September 14.
Postcard from James Connolly to John Mulray informing him that he is now employed in a Singer [Sewing Machine] factory, and inviting him to visit the Connolly home, 1905 November 10.
Letter from James Connolly to John Mulray changing their plans to meet, undated [late 1906/early 1907].
Letter from John Mulray to James Connolly in which he wonders if Connolly would return to live in Ireland if some work could be found for him, undated [1908 March].
Letters and telegrams from James Connolly to John Lynch and the Sligo branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers Union, mainly dealing with the financial affairs of the branch, 1914-1915.
Letter from James Connolly to John Lynch requesting that Sligo branch monies be transferred to central funds [of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union], and forbidding James Stanford from becoming an officer or employee of the Union, 1914 October 23.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Lynch requesting that Sligo branch monies be transferred to central funds [of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union], and forbidding James Stanford from becoming an officer or employee of the Union, 1914 October 23.
Telegram from James Connolly to John Lynch saying "Necessary that monies be transferred immediately wire", 1914 October 26.
Copy of telegram from James Connolly to John Lynch saying "Necessary that monies be transferred immediately wire", 1914 October 26.
Letter from James Connolly to John Lynch requesting changes in the recording of salaries in the balance sheet for Sligo [branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union], 1914 October 29.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Lynch requesting changes in the recording of salaries in the balance sheet for Sligo [branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union], 1914 October 29.
Letter from James Connolly to John Lynch suggesting that the committee [of the Sligo branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union] increase the salary of its outside delegate and president, 1914 November 6.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Lynch suggesting that the committee [of the Sligo branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union] increase the salary of its outside delegate and president, 1914 November 6.
Letter from James Connolly to the Secretary of the Sligo branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union [John Lynch?] drawing his attention to a rule that monies held by a branch shall not exceed a certain amount, 1915 April 12.
Telegram from James Connolly to John Lynch saying "Please wire here all possible cash immedeately (sic)", 1915 July 16.
Copy of telegram from James Connolly to John Lynch saying "Please wire here all possible cash immedeately (sic)", 1915 July 16.
Letter from James Connolly to John Lynch acknowledging receipt of an application for the position of secretary but reminding Lynch that it is the branch, not the Executive, that vets applicants, 1915 July 24.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Lynch acknowledging receipt of an application for the position of secretary but reminding Lynch that it is the branch, not the Executive, that vets applicants, 1915 July 24.
Letter from James Connolly to John Lynch strongly opposing Lynch's proposal to advertise for a secretary, 1915 August 2.
Letter from James Connolly to the Secretary of the Sligo branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union [John Lynch?] seeking £20 for a strike fund, 1915 December 7.
Letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly thanking her for her kindness to him and informing her that he is working temporarily, 1888 April 7.
Letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly telling her about the female-dominated population in Dundee and writing about the Scottish character, 1888 April 17.
Letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly explaining why he cannot see her for a while and hoping that his fortunes will improve, undated.
Letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly expressing his love for her, looking forward to their marriage and reassuring her she will not have to live with his mother, undated.
Letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly about arrangements for their wedding, including those related to marriage between a couple from Catholic and Protestant faiths, 1890 April 6.
Letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly about arrangements for their wedding and requesting personal details that he must give to the Registrar, undated [1890 April].
Letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly enclosing $12 and telling her that if Connolly returns to Ireland then the entire family will move, 1909 June 7
Incomplete copy of a letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly about a train journey through the Rocky Mountains en-route to Salt Lake City, undated.
Letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly expressing disappointment at not having received a card from his family and concern for his daughter Aideen, and requesting articles of clothing, 1914 January 1.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly thanking her for her kindness to him and informing her that he is working temporarily, 1888 April 7.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly telling her about the female-dominated population in Dundee and writing about the Scottish character, 1888 April 17.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly explaining why he cannot see her for a while and hoping that his fortunes will improve, undated.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly expressing his love for her and looking forward to their marriage, undated.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly about arrangements for their wedding, including those related to marriage between a couple from Catholic and Protestant faiths, 1890 April 6.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly about arrangements for their wedding and requesting personal details that he must give to the Registrar, undated [1890 April].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly enclosing $12 and telling her that if Connolly returns to Ireland then the entire family will move, 1909 June 7
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Lillie Connolly expressing disappointment at not having received a card from his family and concern for his daughter Aideen, and requesting articles of clothing, 1914 January 1.
Partial letter from James Connolly [to Murtagh Lyng] about publications and [William] McLoughlin fighting an election for the North City ward of Dublin, [1902] November 4.
Letter from Murtagh Lyng to James Connolly explaining difficulties in Ireland and about running Connolly in an election in January 1902, 1901 August 3.
Letter from James Connolly [to Murtagh Lyng] asking him to contact the new Pendleton branch in relation to a complaint, 1901 August 26.
Letter from Thomas T. Lyng to James Connolly about pamphlets and giving news of a recent meeting in Dublin, 1901 September 11.
Letter from James Connolly [to Murtagh Lyng] about pamphlets and expressing satisfaction at hearing that meetings are going well, 1901 September 17.
Letter from James Connolly [to Murtagh Lyng] about pamphlets and asking him to try to arrange for Connolly to lecture in London, 1901 September 19.
Letter from James Connolly [to Murtagh Lyng] expressing disappointment at the small number of people attending meetings in London, and about a pamphlet that he is writing about trade unionism in England, 1901 October 14.
Letter from James Connolly [to Murtagh Lyng] about the delivery and sale of pamphlets, and possible action in Belfast, [1901].
Letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng enclosing a donation from John Leslie and personal payment from Connolly to Lyng, 1902 April 21.
Partial letter from James Connolly [to Thomas J. Lyng] about Connolly's proposed tour in the United States, 1902 May 26.
Letter from James Connolly [to Thomas J. Lyng] about raising funds for Connolly's proposed tour of the United States, 1902 May 29.
Letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient about Dublin addresses at which Connolly may be registered to vote, gas meter money, and his tour of the United States, 1902 June 2.
Letter from James Connolly [to Thomas J. Lyng] enclosing a money order from [George] Yates, and suggesting how a machine [printing press?] from Belfast may be obtained, 1902 June 23.
Letter from James Connolly [to Thomas J. Lyng] expressing displeasure at having received neither acknowledgement of the receipt of money nor news of a machine [printing press?], and enquiring about his wages, 1902 July 12.
Letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient about the 'Worker's Republic' and 'The Socialist', and his proposed tour of the United States, 1902 July 14.
Letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient about 'The Socialist' and seeking news on progress of new branches outside Dublin, 1902 July 7.
Postcard from James Connolly to Thomas Lyng requesting copies of the 'Workers' Republic', 1902 July 24.
Letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient about raising funds for Connolly's tour of the United States, and suggests seeking Trades Council endorsement of the trip, 1902 July 26.
Partial letter from James Connolly to unidentified recipient about articles, manifestos, subscribers' cards and voters' list, 1902 July 28.
Postcard from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng, giving an address to which material for Connolly should be sent, 1902 August 2.
Postcard from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient about 'The Socialist' and 'Weekly People', 1902 August 4.
Letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient about his proposed tour of the United States, his image on an engraving, errors in a biography of Connolly, and his return to Dublin the following week, 1902 August 7.
Letter from James Connolly [to the Secretary, Irish Socialist Republican Party] enclosing money for papers and giving details about his tour of the United States, 1902 September 23.
Partial letter from James Connolly [to Thomas J. Lyng] seeking assurance about monies he has sent to Ireland and providing details about a coal miners' strike in Pennsylvania, 1902 September 29.
Letter from James Connolly [to Thomas J. Lyng] enclosing money, giving details of his visit to Boston, expressing concern over "that club" and wondering about running a Socialist election candidate in Dublin, 1902 October 3.
Letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient enclosing money and stating that he has not had any acknowledgement of the various communications he has sent to Ireland, 1902 October 9.
Letter from James Connolly to an unnamed recipient about a row in Troy, New York over the number of nights on which Connolly would speak, and contrasting the Socialist Labour Party and the Social Democratic Federation, 1902 October 16.
Letter from James Connolly to an unnamed recipient urging action to prepare for Dublin elections in which Connolly might be a candidate, with copy of a letter [from Thomas J. Lyng?] to James Connolly on the same subject, 1902 October 22.
Letter from James Connolly to an unnamed recipient stressing the importance of publishing an election address by Connolly, and expressing displeasure at a letter sent to the Socialist Labour Party of America about the expenses of Connolly's tour of the United States, [1902] December 4.
Letter from James Connolly to an unnamed recipient about the 'Workers' Republic' and election work in Dublin, 1902 October 29.
Partial letter from James Connolly to an unnamed recipient expressing annoyance at a delay in issuing the 'Workers' Republic', 1902 November 3.
Letter from James Connolly to an unnamed recipient about Connolly contesting an election in Dublin, 1902 November 28.
Letter from James Connolly to an unnamed recipient about a delay in the publication of the 'Workers' Republic' and asking about the publication of his address for an election in Dublin, 1902 December 9.
Letter from James Connolly [to Thomas J. Lyng] about the sale of literature, the question of "continuing the paper", and Connolly's proposal to form "reading circles" to encourage subscribers outside Dublin, 1902 April 15.
Letter from James Connolly to an unnamed recipient about the delay in the publication of the 'Workers' Republic' and his travel plans for his return to Dublin, 1902 December 20.
Letter from James Connolly [to John J. Lyng] about a riot at Foster Place, and proposing how Dublin might print the 'Workers' Republic' and 'The Socialist' and how the Irish Socialist Republican Party might work with a similar party in Scotland, 1903 May 1.
Letter from James Connolly to "Jack" [John J. Lyng] expressing shock at news from Ireland and asking "is the party dead", 1903 May 15.
Letter from James Connolly [to John J. Lyng] about the current status of the socialist movement in Ireland and his belief that someone needs to take the lead to improve matters, 1903 May 26.
Letter from James Connolly [to John J. Lyng] enclosing his contribution to "whatever fund is at present on the field for party purposes" and expressing a hope that efforts to re-organise the Irish Socialist Republican Party are being made, 1903 June 2
Partial letter from James Connolly [to Murtagh Lyng] requesting copies of the 'Workers' Republic' and about the running of Thomas J. Lyng as an election candidate in Dublin, 1901 June 11.
Partial letter from James Connolly to an unnamed recipient asking why a bundle of the 'Workers' Republic' has not been delivered to Edinburgh, [1902?].
Partial letter from James Connolly to an unnamed recipient seeking reassurance that the 'Workers' Republic' has been distributed to branches, and proposing a card to be used to sign up subscribers in the United States, [1902].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Murtagh Lyng about the delivery and sale of pamphlets, and possible action in Belfast, [1901-1902].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Murtagh Lyng requesting copies of the 'Workers' Republic' and about the running of Thomas J. Lyng as an election candidate in Dublin, 1901 June 11.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Murtagh Lyng asking him to contact the new Pendleton branch in relation to a complaint, 1901 August 26.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Murtagh Lyng about pamphlets and expressing satisfaction at hearing that meetings are going well, 1901 September 17.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Murtagh Lyng about pamphlets and asking him to try to arrange for Connolly to lecture in London, 1901 September 19.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Murtagh Lyng expressing disappointment at the small number of people attending meetings in London, and about a pamphlet that he is writing about trade unionism in England, 1901 October 14.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John J. Lyng enclosing an attempt at a socialist song, and about a letter by [E.W.] Stewart in 'Justice', [1903 April-May].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John J. Lyng about a riot at Foster Place, and proposing how Dublin might print the 'Workers' Republic' and 'The Socialist' and how the Irish Socialist Republican Party might work with a similar party in Scotland, 1903 May 1.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John J. Lyng expressing shock at news from Ireland and asking "is the party dead", 1903 May 15.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John J. Lyng about the current status of the socialist movement in Ireland and his belief that someone needs to take the lead to improve matters, 1903 May 26.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John J. Lyng enclosing his contribution to "whatever fund is at present on the field for party purposes" and expressing a hope that efforts to re-organise the Irish Socialist Republican Party are being made, 1903 June 2
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng regarding the salary for the position of editor, [1898].
Letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng about the first issue [of the 'Workers' Republic'?] and Connolly's work in Scotland, 1898 July 16.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng about the first issue [of the 'Workers' Republic'?] and Connolly's work in Scotland, 1898 July 16.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng about the sale of literature, the question of "continuing the paper", and Connolly's proposal to form "reading circles" to encourage subscribers outside Dublin, 1902 April 15.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng enclosing a donation from John Leslie and personal payment from Connolly to Lyng, 1902 April 21.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng about Connolly's proposed tour in the United States, 1902 May 26.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng about raising funds for Connolly's proposed tour of the United States, 1902 May 29.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng about Dublin addresses at which Connolly may be registered to vote, gas meter money, and his tour of the United States, 1902 June 2.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng enclosing a money order from [George] Yates, and suggesting how a machine [printing press?] from Belfast may be obtained, 1902 June 23.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng expressing displeasure at having received neither acknowledgement of the receipt of money nor news of a machine [printing press?], and enquiring about his wages, 1902 July 12.
Copy of a draft by James Connolly of a letter from Thomas J. Lyng to the manager of 'The Socialist' advising of a delay in the printing [of the first issue?], [1902 July].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng seeking assurance about monies he has sent to Ireland and providing details about a coal miners' strike in Pennsylvania, 1902 September 29.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas J. Lyng enclosing money, giving details of his visit to Boston, expressing concern over "that club" and wondering about running a Socialist election candidate in Dublin, 1902 October 3.
Copy of a draft by James Connolly for Thomas J. Lyng of a letter to the Manager of 'The Socialist' [George S. Yates] in reply to Yates' letter about the late arrival of the January issue of 'The Socialist' and the printing of articles over more than one page, [1903 February].
Papers on the 1913 lockout including statements presented weekly to the Strike Committee of the Dublin Trades Council by the affected unions for financial aid, correspondence between the Trade Union Congress Parliamentary Committee and the Dublin Trades Council, 1913-1914.
Extract from 'The Sunday Freeman' of articles describing the riots of 31st August 1913 during the Dublin Lockout, 1913 August 31.
Document "Charge against P.T. Daly, James Larkin, Thomas Lawlor, William O'Brien and W.P. Partridge, August 1913" regarding disturbances on O'Connell, Street, Dublin, 1913 August.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to Thomas Farren requesting financial support from the Dublin Council of Trade Unions for "lock out pay" for trade union members, 1913 October 30.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to William O'Brien of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions providing a weekly update of funds related to "strike pay", 1913 November 3.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to Willaim O'Brien of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions outlining the lock out pay paid on 9th November 1913 to its members, 1913 November 11.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to Thomas Farren of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions, outlining their funds in relation to lock out pay, 1913 November 17.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to Thomas Farren of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions, outlining lock out pay on 22nd November 1913 and income from contributors and collections, 1913 November 24.
Receipt from United Builders' Labourers Trade Union for Thomas Farren of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions for £250 6s 3d for financial support to pay lock out members, 1913 December 7.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to Thomas Farren of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions, providing a weekly outline of payment to its lock out members, 1913 December 8.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to Thomas Farren of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions, providing a weekly outline of payment to 1,144 lock out members, 1913 December 15.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to Thomas Farren of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions, providing an outline of lock out pay paid on 20th December 1913 to its members, 1913 December 22.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to Thomas Farren of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions, outlining the lock out pay paid on 27th December 1913 to 1146 members, 1913 December 29.
Receipt from United Builders' Labourers Trade Union for Thomas Farren of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions for £257 for financial support to pay lock out members, 1914 January 3.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to William O'Brien of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions, with a weekly update of lock out pay to 1180 members, 1914 January 6.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to William O'Brien of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions, providing the number of members who received lock out pay on 10th January 1914, 1914 January 12.
Letter from Thomas McCullagh, secretary of the United Builders' Labourers and General Workers of Dublin Trade Union, to William O'Brien of the Strike Committee of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions, providing a weekly update of lock out pay to its members, 1914 January 20.
Notes by an unidentified author regarding financial aid for lock out pay for 46 "stone cutters", 1913 December 30.
Letter from Lorcan G. Sherlock, Lord Mayor of Dublin, to the President of the Dublin Trades Council enclosing a copy of a reply he received from Charles M.Coghlan, secretary of the Employers' Executive Committee, Dublin regarding a possible meeting, 1913 November 1.
Letter from Charles W. Bowerman, secretary of the Trades Union Congress Parliamentary Committee, to John Farren, treasurer of the Dublin Trades Council regarding their contribution and querying their record keeping in relation to the payment of lock out pay, 1913 November 27.
Letter from Charles W. Bowerman, secretary of the Trades Union Congress Parliamentary Committee, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Lockout Committee of the Dublin Trades Council regarding their contribution and a dispute related to the Sailors and Firemens' Union, 1914 January 9.
Letter from Charles W. Bowerman, secretary of the Trades Union Congress Parliamentary Committee, to Thomas McPartlin, chairman of the Lockout Committee of the Dublin Trades Council regarding their waning food supply to aid Dublin trade union members, 1914 January 29.
Letter from Charles W. Bowerman, secretary of the Trades Union Congress Parliamentary Committee, to John Simmon[d]s, secretary of the Dublin Trades Council regarding a contribution of £800, 1914 March 27.
Letter from Charles W. Bowerman, secretary of the Trades Union Congress Parliamentary Committee, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Lockout Committee of the Dublin Trades Council regarding contributions for Dublin lockout union members, 1914 April 4.
Letter from Charles W. Bowerman, secretary of the Trades Union Congress Parliamentary Committee, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Lockout Committee of the Dublin Trades Council regarding a contribution of £400 for Dublin lockout union members, 1914 April 8.
Extracts from newspaper articles related to the Dublin Lockout 1913, in William O'Brien's hand, circa 1914.
Letter from John Coffey, secretary of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, [to the Dublin Trades Council] regarding their financial situation after the payment of lockout pay to 100 men, 1913 October 30.
Letter from John Coffey, secretary of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, to William O'Brien of the Lockout Committee of the Dublin Trades Council, regarding their ability to pay lockout pay to their 105 members, 1913 November 3.
Letter from John Coffey, secretary of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, to William O'Brien of the Lockout Committee of the Dublin Trades Council with an outline of their finances in relation to providing lockout pay, 1913 November 10.
Letter from John Coffey, secretary of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, to John Farren, secretary of the Strike Fund of the Dublin Trades Council regarding how much financial assistance they need to pay 130 men lockout pay, 1913 November 24.
Letter from John Coffey, secretary of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, to John Farren of the Dublin Trades Council providing a weekly update on how much financial assistance they require to provide lockout pay, 1913 December 8.
Letter from John Coffey, secretary of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, to John Farren of the Dublin Trades Council providing a weekly update on how much financial assistance they require to provide lockout pay, 1913 December 15.
Letter from John Coffey, secretary of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, to John Farren of the Dublin Trades Council providing a weekly update on how much financial assistance they require to provide lockout pay, 1913 December 22.
Letter from John Coffey, secretary of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, to John Farren of the Dublin Trades Council providing an outline of their finances in relation to lockout pay for its members, 1913 December 29.
Letter from John Coffey, secretary of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, to John Farren of the Dublin Trades Council providing a weekly update on how much financial assistance they require to pay lockout pay, 1914 January 5.
Letter from John Coffey, secretary of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, to John Farren of the Dublin Trades Council regarding the payment of lockout pay to its members and 9 additional idle members, 1914 January 12.
Letter from John Coffey, secretary of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, to John Farren of the Dublin Trades Council providing a weekly update on how much financial assistance they require to pay lockout pay, 1914 January 20.
Letter from E. J. O'Neill, secretary for the Dublin Disctrict of the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners, to William O'Brien of the Dispute Committee for the Dublin Trades Council acknowledging a cheque, 1913 November 11.
Letter from M. Summerville, treasurer for the Dublin Disctrict of the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners, to William O'Brien of the Dispute Committee for the Dublin Trades Council, enclosing a return claiming financial assistance to provide lockout pay to its members, 1913 December 9.
Letter from M. Summerville, treasurer for the Dublin Disctrict of the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners, to William O'Brien of the Dispute Committee for the Dublin Trades Council, enclosing a return claiming financial assistance to provide lockout pay to 240 members, 1913 December 16.
Letter from M. Summerville, treasurer for the Dublin Disctrict of the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners, to William O'Brien of the Dispute Committee for the Dublin Trades Council, enclosing a return claiming financial assistance to provide lockout pay to its members, 1913 December 22.
Letter from M. Summerville, treasurer for the Dublin Disctrict of the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners, to William O'Brien of the Dispute Committee for the Dublin Trades Council, claiming financial assistance to provide lockout pay to its members, 1914 January 13.
Letter from Richard O'Carroll, secretary of the Ancient Guild of Incorporated Brick and Stonelayers Trade Union, to John Farren, treasurer of the Dublin Trades Council detailing how much financial assistance they require to pay 514 members lockout pay, 1913 November 25.
Letter from Richard O'Carroll, secretary of the Ancient Guild of Incorporated Brick and Stonelayers Trade Union, to John Farren, treasurer of the Dublin Trades Council detailing how much financial assistance they require to pay 542 members lockout pay, 1913 December 8.
Letter from Richard O'Carroll, secretary of the Ancient Guild of Incorporated Brick and Stonelayers Trade Union, to John Farren, treasurer of the Dublin Trades Council requiring £135 in financial aid to pay its members lockout pay, 1913 December 15.
Letter from Richard O'Carroll, secretary of the Ancient Guild of Incorporated Brick and Stonelayers Trade Union, to John Farren, treasurer of the Dublin Trades Council requesting financial aid to provide lockout pay to its members, 1914 January 6.
Letter from Richard O'Carroll, secretary of the Ancient Guild of Incorporated Brick and Stonelayers Trade Union, to John Farren, treasurer of the Dublin Trades Council requesting their weekly financial aid to provide lockout pay to its members, 1914 January 14.
Letter from John O'Neill, secretary of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union [to the Dublin Trades Council] with an outline of the financial assistance required to pay lockout pay to 12,460 members, 1913 December 8.
Letter from John O'Neill, secretary of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union [to the Dublin Trades Council] with an outline of lockout pay for its members and requesting £2,024 in financial assistance, 1913 December 15.
Letter from John O'Neill, secretary of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union [to the Dublin Trades Council] with an outline of lockout pay for 11,610 members and requesting £2,380 in financial assistance, 1914 January 6.
Letter from John Kelso, secretary of the Dublin District of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Strike Fund of the Dublin Trades Council, requesting financial assistance for union members that were not receiving any lockout pay, 1913 December 26.
Letter from John Kelso, secretary of the Dublin District of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Strike Fund of the Dublin Trades Council, enclosing a list of union members that are not receiving any benefit "owing to the dispute", 1914 January 13.
Letter from John Kelso, secretary of the Dublin District of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Lockout Fund of the Dublin Trades Council, with a list of 11 union members that are not receiving any benefit, 1914 January 13.
Letter from Robert Young, general secretary of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, to the Dublin Trades Council requesting a detailed statement on the current status of trade unions and the Dublin Lockout, 1914 January 13.
Ballot card for the Dublin Branch of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union of Great Britain and Ireland, on a decision to return to work regardless of other unions in the Dublin Lockout, 1914.
Letter from J. E. Lott and William Barnes of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union to William O'Brien, secretary of the Strike Fund of the Dublin Trades Council stating unless it is agreed to raise lockout pay from 5 to 10 shillings a week their members will consider themselves free to return to work, 1914 January 2.
Letter from J. E. Lott and William Barnes of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Strike Fund of the Dublin Trades Council, regarding the result of a ballot of its members on returning to work, 1914 January 6.
Letter from J. E. Lott of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, to John Farren, treasurer of the Dublin Trades Council, submiting an application for financial aid for lockout pay, 1914 January 13.
Letter from J. E. Lott of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Dublin Trades Council Fund, regarding arranging an audit of their accounts in relation to providing lockout pay, 1914 February 3.
Letter from J. E. Lott of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Dublin Trades Council Fund, regarding arrangements for an audit of their accounts in relation to providing lockout pay, 1914 February 3.
Letter from William Barnes of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, to William O'Brien, president of the Dublin Trades Council Fund, arranging a meeting to discuss the position of the men locked out by the Ulster Steam Ship Co., 1914 March 13.
Letter from J. Gibson, secretary of the Dublin Building Trades Employers' Association, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Lockout Committee of the Dublin Trades Council, acknowledging a favour that would be placed before the council, 1914 January 21.
Letter from J. Gibson, secretary of the Dublin Building Trades Employers' Association, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Lockout Committee of the Dublin Trades Council, informing him that a settlement has been reached, the details of which will be published in the press, 1914 February 3.
Telegram from an unidentified sender at Custom House, 36 Prince Street, Bristol, to James Connolly, Liberty Hall, Dublin, asking the position regarding boycotting the Bristol Steam Navigation Co. and returning to work at the Jacob's Biscuit Factory,
Telegram to William Martin Murphy from Sir Charles W. Macara, Grand Hotel, London, regarding the visit of British trade union leaders to Dublin and giving him advice on how to deal with the trade union members, with transcript of message,
Telegram from Charles W. Bowerman, Manchester to "Burke", Liberty Hall, Beresford Place, Dublin with the names of the Trades Union Congress delegation, 1913 September 2.
Telegram from Thomas Lawlor, Glasgow to William O'Brien, 43 Belvedere Place, Dublin, regarding his work for the Dublin Trades Council in Great Britain, 1913 September 29.
Telegram from T.C. Lewis, secretary of the Bristol Trades' Council, 354 Whitehall Rd, Redfield, Bristol to Vice President of the Dublin Trades Council, [William O'Brien] Trades Hall, Dublin regarding an executive meeting that night in Bristol, 1913 October 7.
Telegram from T.C. Lewis, secretary of the Bristol Trades' Council, 354 Whitehall Rd, Bristol to William O'Brien, secretary of the Strike Committee, Dublin Trades Council, Trades Hall, informing him that the Bristol Trades Council executive have arranged meetings can asking can [Thomas] Lawlor stay, [1913?] October 7.
Telegram from T.C. Lewis, secretary fo the Bristol Trades' Council, Redfield, Bristol, to William O'Brien, at Trades Hall, Capel St., Dublin informing him that the meetings arranged by the Bristol Trades Council will begin on Friday, 1913 October 9.
Telegram from Thomas Lawlor, Bristol, to William O'Brien, 43 Belvedere Place, Dublin asking him to give Mrs. Lawlor [Mooly?] 30 shillings as he forgot to make arrangements before he left Ireland, 1913 October 10.
Telegram from Thomas Lawlor, Bristol, to William O'Brien, Trades Hall, Capel St., Dublin, asking him to speak to P.T. Daly regarding his travel arrangements, 1913 October 11.
Telegram from Thomas Lawlor, Bristol, to William O'Brien, 43 Belvedere Place, Dublin, asking him to wire arrangements, 1913 October 13.
Telegram from Thomas Lawlor, Bristol, to William O'Brien, 43 Belvedere Place, Dublin, informing him that arrangements have made for Cardiff on Thursday, Friday and Saturday, 1913 October 14.
Telegram from Charles W. Bowerman, Red Lion St., London, to William O'Brien, Dublin Trades Council, Beresford Place, asking him to see [James A.] Seddon before a meeting on Sunday, 1913 October 14.
Telegram from "MacParthur" [Thomas McPartlin], Ludgate Circus, London, to William O'Brien, Dublin Trades Council, Trades Hall, Dublin, directing him to write to [Charles] Bowerman, 1913 October 24.
Telegram from James A. Seddon, Manchester, to William O'Brien, Trades Hall, Capel St., Dublin, advising him to address him at the Royal Hotel, Leicester, if he wants help, 1913 November 5.
Telegram from P.T. Daly, Galway to William O'Brien, 43 Belvedere Place, Dublin, asking if the [Dublin Trades Council] executive [Committee] has come to a decision, 1913 November 30.
Telegram from Thomas Lawlor, Cork, to William O'Brien, Trades Hall, Capel St., remarking that no meeting has been scheduled yet and advising him to contact [James] Connolly, 1913 December 4.
Telegram from Thomas Lawlor, Cork, to William O'Brien, Trades Hall, Capel St., asking him to send Molly [his wife?] 10 shillings and informing him he will be returning to Dublin tomorrow, 1913 December 5.
Telegram from Charles W. Bowerman, Ludgate Circus, London, to William O'Brien, Trades Hall, Capel St., regarding a lockout pay for the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, 1914 January 2.
Telegram from James Connolly, Belfast, to William O'Brien, Labour Party, Trades Hall, Capel St., thanking him for some information, 1914 January 14.
Telegram from James Larkin, Euston Rd., London, to Thomas McPartlin, Trades Hall, informing him that Robert Young and the Amalgamated Society of Engineers will be sending money to the Dublin Trades Council, 1914 January 22.
Telegram from Patrick Kenny in Manchester, to William O'Brien, 43 Belvedere Place, Dublin, regarding procuring funds in England to provide lockout pay, 1914 February 25.
Telegram from James A. Seddon, Tottenham Court Rd., London, to William O'Brien, Trades Hall, Capel St., Dublin, apologising that he cannot report until Friday, 1914 February 25.
Account by M. Summerville, treasurer for the Dublin Disctrict of the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners, of the funds of the society in relation to providing lockout pay, 1913 November 13.
Account by M. Summerville, treasurer for the Dublin Disctrict of the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners, of the funds of the society in relation to providing lockout pay, 1913.
Manuscript draft and copy of letter from John Simmons, secretary of the Dublin Trades Council to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, John Hamilton-Gordon, informing him of a upcoming demonstration, 1913 September 4.
Copy of letter regarding a resolved misunderstanding between the "P[arlimentary] C[ommittee] and the local men" in relation to the food supply for locked out union members in Dublin, 1913 November 13.
Letter from John Simmons, secretary of the Dublin Trades Council, to Thomas McPartlin, president of the Dublin Trades Council with a draft letter to the editor of the 'Evening Mail' for his approval, 1913 November 28.
Letter from J.W. Howe, representative of the Press Association to William O'Brien thanking him for the loan of some manuscripts, 1913 December 20.
Copy of letter from the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union to the Dublin Trades Council regarding the rate of lockout pay to their members, 1914 January 1.
Report by William O'Brien on a conference of three moulders trade unions regarding returning to work at Hammond Lane Foundry Co. during the Dublin Lockout, 1914 January 20.
Letter from Timothy O'Connor, 13 Upper Abbey St., Dublin to the Dublin Trades Council regarding the Dublin Builders' Labourers Trade Union and their refusal to provide full lockout pay, 1914 January 20.
Report by William O'Brien on a conference of moulders trade unions regarding conditions for returning to work at Hammond Lane Foundry Co. during the Dublin Lockout, 1914 January 21.
Note by William O'Brien regarding master builders in an unidentified company requiring its employees to sign a document denouncing the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, 1914 January 21.
Letter from R. O'Carroll, 49 Cuffee St., to William O'Brien, secretary of the Labour Party, Trades Hall, regarding his objection to "the man Ellion" at the Labourers Union during a ballot, 1914 January 31.
Letter from J.A. Seddon, Laurel Dene, St. Helen's, London to William O'Brien regarding a contribution of £800 from the British Trades Union Congress to the Dublin Trades Council to aid in the provision of lockout pay, 1914 [March?].
Letter from J.A. Seddon, Laurel Dene, St. Helen's, London to William O'Brien reiterating his request for a statement outlining the distribution of a contribution from the British Trades Union Congress to the Dublin Trades Council to aid in the provision of lockout pay, 1914 March 14.
Letter from Patrick Kenny, 1 Belvedere Avenue, North Circular Road, to William O'Brien regarding the status and payment of idle and locked out members of the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers & Firemen's Trade Union, 1914 March 16.
Draft telegram from William O'Brien to the Secretary of the Trades Congress, Manchester, thanking the congress for its support, [1913].
Draft letter to Charles W. Bowerman, secretary of the British Trades Union Congress in an unidentified hand from the Dublin Trades Council regarding examining the book and accounts of the unions receiving financial aid for lockout pay, circa 1913.
Draft notice by William O'Brien on behalf of the Dublin Trades Council regarding the suspension of a conference in the Shelbourne Hotel, aiming to resolve the conflict of the Dublin Lockout, 1913.
Notes by William O'Brien on the attendees and draft minutes of a meeting between representatives of the Employers Federation and the Dublin Trades Council regarding the Dublin Lockout, circa 1913.
Letter from Dr. R. G. Dowdall, to an unidentified recipient regarding the health of a prisoner on hunger strike, circa 1913.
Manuscript note on a resolution passed by the Dublin Trades Council regarding union members working alongside workers who have signed employer agreements or have been hired to replace workers who would not sign, circa 1913.
Notes by William O'Brien regarding the amount of workers that have been locked out and reinstated by employers in Dublin, circa 1913.
Notes by an unidentified author regarding financial assistance from the Dublin Trades Council for lock out pay for 46 "stone cutters", circa 1913.
Statement by the Dublin Trades Council of the position of 22 Irish trade unions affected by the Dublin Lockout, including the number of members lockout out and the unions ability to provide lockout pay, 1913.
Document "Jacobs Victimised Employees" listing the names, addresses and marital status of workers in Jacobs Biscuit Factory involved in the 1913 Lockout,
Letter from J. B. Dougherty, under secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to John Simmons, secretary of the Dublin United Trades Council, informing him that no steps will be taken to interfere with a proposed public meeting on O'Connell St., Dublin, 1913 September 6.
Draft letter of complaint in William O'Brien's hand to an unidentified publication regarding a misleading statement claiming that the British Trades Union Congress Parlimentary Committee "withholds food and money" from the Dublin Trades Council during the Dublin Lockout, 1914 January 26.
Typescript memorandum with annotations by William O'Brien, outlining suggestions for the resolution of the Dublin Lockout including the consitutions of a Joint Conciliation Committee and a permanent Trade Board, circa 1913.
Typescript statement by Patrick Kenny, former engineer at Jacob's Biscuit Factory entitled "Statement regarding the Vicitimisation of Patrick Kenny" of his activities and treatment during the Dublin Lockout, 1914 March 27.
Note by William O'Brien on the amount of financial aid for a number of trade unions during the Dublin lockout, circa 1913.
Notes by William O'Brien on the financial statements of the Lockout Fund of the Dublin Trades Council, outlining its income and expenditure related to the required assistance to a number of trade unions providing lockout pay, 1913-1914.
Notes by William O'Brien on the financial statements of the Lockout Fund of the Dublin Trades Council, outlining its financial position related to the required assistance to a number of trade unions providing lockout pay, 1913.
Copy of note by James Larkin regarding attendance at an upcoming "moster indignation meeting" on Sunday, in William O'Brien's hand, 1913.
Letter from T.C. Lewis, secretary of the Bristol Trades' Council, to William O'Brien regarding arrangements for Thomas Lawlor's visit to Bristol, England, 1913 October 8.
Letter from Richard Moore L.F.I., Stockport, Manchester, to "Comrade" regarding a date for the unidentified representative for the Dublin Trades Council to visit Stockport for a fundraising meeting, 1913 October 9.
Letter from Con Shearsmith, secretary for the Hull Labour Party Dublin Relief Committee, England, to John Simmons, secretary of the Dublin Trades and Labour Council, regarding relief during the Dublin Lockout, 1913 October 30.
Memorandum from P.F. McIntyre, secretary of the Dublin Branch of the Friendly Society of Iron Mongers, to William O'Brien secretary of the Strike Committee, for the Dublin Trades Council informing him that their locked out union members are returning to work at Tonge & Taggart tomorrow, 1914 January 10.
Letter from Frank Smithies, convenor for the Dublin Distress Committee of the Edinburgh and District Trades Council to the Secretary of the Dublin Trades Council requesting an update on the position of the lockout in Dublin, 1914 February 11.
Letter from J.G. Carne, secretary for the Letchworth & District Trades & Labour Council to John Farren of the Dublin Distress Fund of the Dublin Trades Council, enclosing a cheque and asking for an account of the current situation in Dublin, 1914 February 12.
Letter from T. Irwin, secretary of the Dublin Operatives Plasterers' Trade Society, Trades Hall, Capel Street, to William O'Brien or John Farren with the number of union members locked out and asking for financial assistance to provide lockout pay, 1913 January 6.
Letter from J. Black, secretary of the Dublin branch of the National Amalgamated Society of Operative House and Ship Painters & Decorators, to the Dublin Trades Council with a list of union members that cannot receive state unemployment benefit due to the Dublin Lockout dispute, 1913 November 3.
Letter from Walter Halls, organising secretary for the National Union of Railwaymen, Nottingham to William O'Brien, regarding support and financial assistance for the Dublin Trades Council during the Dublin Lockout, 1913 November 23.
Letter from George Waugh, assistant secretary to the Dublin district of the Central Ironmoulders' Association, to the Dublin Trades Council requesting boots and clothing for the children of 18 union men locked out of Hammond Lane Foundry, 1913 December 20
Draft letter from William O'Brien to James A. Seddon with an outline of the distribution of the contribution from the British Trades Union Congress and describing the "poverty and destitution" of the lockout and victimised Dublin workers, circa 1914.
Envelope inscribed with "1913 Lockout, Financial statements presented weekly to P. Committee Trade Congress. Notes of Conferences & Meetings. Sundry Correspondence". undated.
Copy of letter from James Flanagan, 50 York Street to Jim [James] Larkin, outling an offer of work from Barnett Grain Merchants for Irish Transport and General Union workers and asking him to wire instructions, circa 1913.
Copy of letter from and unidentified sender [James Flanagan?] to Jim [James] Larkin, regarding "Jim's tour" and the feasability of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union boycotting transport cargo, 1914 February 13.
Copy of letter from Francis Sheehy-Skeffington to William O'Brien, informing him that he can no longer speak at a Labour demonstration the following day, as he cannot support a resolution demanding the retention of medical benefits the Insurance Act, 1913 May 24.
Annotated draft statement by J[ames] C[onnolly] for the employee representatives of a Special Joint Conciliation Committee between unions and employers aiming to resolve the Dublin Lockout dispute, circa 1913.
Circular letter from the Connolly Memorial Committee to the Irish Transport and General Worker's Union inviting them to send two delegates to a conference regarding the dissemination of the teachings of James Connolly, 1933 May 15.
Draft letter from William O'Brien to the Connolly Memorial Committee informing them that the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, has an abundance of Connolly's writings which has not been in demand, 1933 May.
Telegram from P.T. Daly and William O'Brien, Gower Street, London to James Larkin, Liberty Hall, Dublin regarding the National Union of Railwaymen repudiating "Williams circular", 1913 September 13.
Annotated personal notes by William O'Brien on the chronology of the Dublin Lockout from 1913 to 1915, referring to newspaper articles, his diary and other notes, undated.
Manuscript copy of resolution of a meeting of union representatives in relation to a request from the Employers Committee for an interview with representatives from the British Trades Union Congress, circa 1913.
Draft report by William O'Brien regarding a complaint by the Irish Transport and General Worker's Union on the manner in which voting was conducted during negotiations between the United Labourers and the Master Builders Federation, circa 1913.
Notes by William O'Brien on working conditions in Dublin a concise outline of notable events related to the Irish Transport and General Workers Union from 1913 to 1918, undated.
Letter from James Connolly to "Comrade" applying for re-admission to the Irish Socialist Republican Party following his resignation over a dispute related to paying rent for their clubroom, 1903 March 3.
Letter from James Connolly, Glasgow to Michael Rafferty, Dublin offering a proposal to honour subscriptions to the 'Workers' Republic' by substituting it with the newspaper 'The Socialist', 1903 June 10.
Letter from James Connolly, Glasgow, to Michael Rafferty, Dublin, advising him on international affiliations following the split in the Irish Socialist Republican Party, 1903 August 17.
Letter from James Connolly, Edinbugh, to Michael Rafferty, Dublin, apologising for not writing sooner and referring to a postal order for 'The Workers' Republic', 1903.
Letter from James Connolly, Glasgow, to Michael Rafferty, Dublin, informing him that he has sent American pamphlets to him in the Irish Socialist Republican Party and hopes he is still sending 'The Socialist' to their subscribers, 1903.
Letter from James Connolly, New York, to Michael Rafferty, Dublin, querying the current state of the Irish Socialist Republican Party and refers to the substitution of 'The Socialist' for the 'Workers' Republic' for subscribers, 1904 March 16.
Letter from James Connolly, New York, to "Comrade" reiterating his request for copies of the publications of the Irish Socialist Republican Party and responding to a remark doubting Connolly's character in relation to funds from American subscriptions to the 'Workers' Republic', 1904 July 7.
Letters and associated documents on the split in the Irish Socialist Republican Party in 1903, Connolly's resignation and the amalgamation between the Socialist Labour Party and the Irish Socialist Republican Party in 1904, 1903-1904.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Edward W. Stewart, secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party, explaining the reason for his resignation, 1903 February.
Letter from Edward W. Stewart to James Connolly, challenging the reasons for his resignation and outlining the objections of the Irish Socialist Republican Party to statements made in his letter, 1903 February 25.
Letter from James Connolly to Edward W. Stewart, secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party, regarding the resolution of the party against Connolly's re-instatement after his resignation, 1903 March 4.
Letter from E. W. Stewart to [Daniel?] O'Brien regarding the drafting of minutes of a meeting of the Irish Socialist Republican Party, [1903?] March.
Letter from John Lyng to Bill [William O'Brien] discussing his and James Connolly's resignations from the Irish Socialist Republican Party and encouraging O'Brien to re-join, 1903 March 18.
Letter from John Lyng to [William O'Brien] informing him that the Irish Socialist Republican Party did not recognise or accept his resignation when it was tendered and still consider him a welcome member of the party, 1903 March 18.
Postcard from John Lyng to John William O'Brien inviting him to attend a meeting [of the Irish Socialist Republican Party] the following night at 107 Talbot Street, Dublin, 1903 May 20.
Postcard from Edward W. Stewart to Bill [William O'Brien] regarding his candidacy for an unidentified position that he does not have time for, undated.
Postcard from Thomas M. Watt to the Irish Socialist Republican Party enclosing a postal order for an unidentified newspaper, 1903 November 15.
Postcard from Thomas M. Watt to the Irish Socialist Republican Party regarding recent controversies in relations with America which he describes as a "breach of trust", 1903 November 23.
Letter from Daniel O'Brien to "Comrade" enclosing a copy of a motion suggesting the amalgamation of the Socialist Labour Party (Ireland) and the Irish Socialist Republican Party, 1904 February 4.
Letter from Daniel O'Brien to "Comrade" with the names of three delegates from the Socialist Labour Party (Ireland) to confer withrepresentatives from the Irish Socialist Republican Party to negotiate an amlagamation of their parties, 1904 February 9.
Letter from John Branagan of the Irish Socialist Republican Party to "Comrade" asking him to use his influence with the Socialist Labour Party to reopen negotiations regarding the unification of the "forces of socialism", [1904?] February 20.
Notes by William O'Brien on a meeting between the Irish Socialist Republican Party and the Socialist Labour Party (Ireland) at which the name and Committee of their new joint party was decided, 1904 March 4.
Letters from J. E. C. Donnelly, printer of 'The Harp', to James Connolly, regarding the printing and distribution of 'The Harp' and Connolly's lecture tour in the United States, circa 1908.
Letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to James Connolly regarding the arrangement of lecture dates for Connolly's tour in the United States and the printing and distribution of the socialist newspaper 'The Harp', 1908 July 30.
Letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to James Connolly regarding the printing of a soft issue of 'The Harp' and the arrangement of lecture dates in Philadephia and an invitation from "McMahon" to Boston, 1908 August 11.
Letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to James Connolly finances in relation to the printing and distribution of 'The Harp' and attemping the finalise dates for Connolly's lecture tour, 1908 [August?].
Letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to James Connolly regarding Connolly's lecture tour in Pennsylvania, hoping he has more success in Chicago, 1908 September 19.
Letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to James Connolly about a stand that Donnelly has secured for 'The Harp' at the Grand Central Palace on the evening of a socialist party election "affair", 1908 October 21.
Letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to James Connolly regarding an unidentitifed request from "New Castle Pu[blishing]", 1908 October 2.
Letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to James Connolly requesting that Connolly write a response to an article entitled 'The Appeal to Reason' regarding "senseless attacks which are being made upon the Socialist movement by some so-called Catholic papers", circa 1908.
Letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to James Connolly regarding an unidentified isssue related to the Irish socialist movemnet in the United States and the finances of 'The Harp', circa 1908.
Letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to James Connolly hoping he has received copies of 'The Harp' and informing him of further distribution of and more subscriptions to the paper, circa 1908.
Partial letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to James Connolly regarding the editing of an issue of 'The Harp' and apologising for the delay in its posting, circa 1908.
Partial letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to James Connolly regarding the success of a recent event and questioning Connolly's lack of response to an invitation from "McMahon" to meet in Boston, circa 1908.
Partial letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to [James Connolly?] regarding his lecture tour in the United States, circa 1908.
Partial letter from J.E.C. Donnelly to [James Connolly?] regarding notes on a meeting of the Irish Socialist Federation, circa 1908.
Envelope inscribed with biographical information on J.E.C. Donnelly and notes on his correspondence with William O'Brien, undated.
Songs and poems by James Connolly, including several variant versions of 'The Watchword of Labour', and songs and poems about Connolly, the labour movement, Easter 1916, the War of Independence and Irish politics of the 1920's and 1930's, undated.
Letter from M.C. MacDubhghaill [Maeve Cavanagh MacDowell], 52 Larkfield Grove, Kimmage, Dublin, to an unidentified recipient, enclosing a copy of a song by James Connolly that she thinks is most likely to be the orginal version, 1936 May 13.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John J. Lyng with an attempt at a socialist song titled 'When Labour Calls', and complaining about a letter by [Edward W.] Stewart in 'Justice', circa 1903.
Copy of James Connolly's 'The Watchword' as published in 'Songs of Freedom' in 1907 in the United States, 1907.
Copy of James Connolly's 'The Watchword of Labour' as published in 'The Irish Worker' in December 1913, 1913.
Copy of James Connolly's 'The Watchword' as published in 'The Legacy' and 'Songs of Irish Freedom' in 1918, 1918.
Copy of James Connolly's 'The Watchword of Labour' as published in 1919 in 'Connolly Souvenir', 1919.
Copy of James Connolly's 'The Watchword of Labour' as published by Whelan & Son, 17 Upper Ormond Quay, Dublin, [1910?]
Partial copy of James Connolly's song titled 'The Call of Erin' with a note that it was written on his way back to Ireland in 1910, [1910?].
Copy of song by Seamus O'Dubgail [Séamas Ó Dubhghaill] titled 'The Felon's Prayer' written during his time as a prisoner of Lewes Prison, England, circa 1917.
Copy of a poem with notes on verso of publication details of a book of Irish rebel songs by Patrick Galvin, undated.
Manuscript draft of article by James Connolly titled 'Our "American Mission' regarding his upcoming lecture tour of the United States, 1902 August.
Manuscript draft of article by James Connolly during his lecture tour in the United States titled 'To the Working-class Irish of America', circa 1902.
Manuscript draft of speech by James Connolly during his lecture tour in the United States titled 'Irish Revolution', circa 1902.
Manuscript draft of statement of James Connolly defending his socialist principles on wages, marriage and the Church in response to criticisms from the American socialist Daniel De Leon, 1904.
Draft manuscript endorsement by James Connolly for John McManus, Socialist Party of Ireland candidate, for the 1911 Municipal Election, for Alderman of Trinity Ward, 1911.
Manuscript draft of an article by James Connolly regarding King George V to Ireland in 1911, circa 1911.
Typesript notice by James Connolly of the Irish Citizen Army, Belfast Division, titled 'War What it means to you', circa 1914.
Manuscript draft of statement by James Connolly for the worker's representation for an inquiry into the 1913 Dublin Lockout, circa 1914.
Partial draft speech by James Connolly regarding socialism and the church, rebutting statements by "Mr. Jackson" and describing working conditions of industrial slaves in Britain, undated.
Partial draft article by James Connolly regarding the principles of socialism, complaining about the effects of capitalism, commercialism and industrialisation, undated.
Partial draft article by James Connolly regarding socialism, Sinn Féin policy and underselling products to Great Britain, undated.
Page from draft article by James Connolly referring to state-owned Hungarian railways and free transport for students travelling to school on Welsh trains as examples for an application of an improved railway system in Ireland, undated.
Draft introduction by James Connolly to two articles related to the Industrial Revival in Ireland, in an unidentified publication, undated.
Copy of a resolution drafted by James Connolly that was submitted to a mass meeting of workers in Belfast objecting to the Third Home Rule Bill, circa 1914.
Newspaper cutting and draft article by James Connolly regarding Fred Warren, editor of the American socialist newspaper 'Appeal to Reason' and his speech defending his choice to use the color red in a postcard, undated.
Copy of notice by James Connolly advertising a general meeting on 11th January 1901, in support of William McLoughlin's candidacy in the municipal election for North City Ward, Dublin, circa 1901.
Copy of resolution by James Connolly following a meeting regarding William McLoughlin's candidacy as a socialist and trade union representative in the elections of the North City Ward, Dublin, circa 1902.
Page from draft article by James Connolly about wages and the effect of the introduction of machinery and industrialisation in Ireland, undated.
Notes by James Connolly on the history of the labour movement in Ireland including the establishment of the Irish Socialist Republican Party, undated.
Letter drafted by James Connolly, signed T.J. Lyng, to "Comrade" regarding the printing of the newspaper 'The Socialist' for Scotland in Dublin, undated.
Letter drafted by James Connolly to the Socialist Labour Party, regarding the distribution of a circular and discussing the socialist movement in Europe and the United States, circa 1902.
Notes by James Connolly on political and economic matters in relation to socialism and the labour movement with bibliographical references to socialist authors and journals on verso, undated.
Correspondence and other documents relating to James Connolly's speaking tour of Britain and Ireland, 1909-1910.
Notebook recording subscriptions to the Connolly Tour Committee supporting James Connolly's lecture tour of Ireland and Great Britain, 1910.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly regarding his possible return to Ireland to help the labour movement and outlining the current political landscape in relation to socialist and labour parties in Ireland and Great Britain, 1909 August 27.
Notes by William O'Brien summarising a letter he sent to James Connolly arranging his return to Ireland and outlining the political landscape in Ireland and Great Britain, 1909 August 27.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly, regarding the possibilty of securing Connolly a job on his return to Ireland, his suggestion to create a new party from the Socialist Party of Ireland and an advertisment for 'The Harp', 1909 November 9.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly, informing him that the Socialist Party of Ireland will not support Connolly's paper 'The Harp' or offer him a job as party organiser for 12 months, 1909 November 30.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly, informing him that a number of the members of the Socialist Party of Ireland agree that the transfer of 'The Harp' to Dublin would be "most unwise" and reiterating his suggestion for Connolly to undertake a short lecture tour, 1909 December 2.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to William G. Orr, discussing socialist pamphlets and publications such as the 'Irish Nation' and possible transfer of James Connolly's 'The Harp' to Ireland, also asking Orr his opinion on a possible short lecture tour by Connolly in Belfast, 1909 December 30.
Statement by William O'Brien describing a meeting of the Socialist Party of Ireland to discuss the possibilty of a lecture tour for James Connolly and his return from the United States, 1910 April 10.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly informing him of the approval of Connolly's proposed lecture tour in Ireland and discussing finances and details, 1910 April 18.
Letter from William G. Orr to William O'Brien regarding James Connolly's lecture tour in Belfast and the Independent Labour Party, and enclosing pamplets and posters for his opinion, 1910 May 22.
Draft of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly regarding possible political tensions during Connolly's lecture for the Independent Labour Party in Belfast, and plans for advertising the lecture tour or Ireland and Great Britain, 1910 May [28?].
Letter from Francis Spring Rice, 4th Baron Monteagle of Brandon, to William O'Brien expressing his delight at the news of James Connolly's lecture tour and suggesting possible arrangements, 1910 June 9.
Letter from William G. Orr to William O'Brien, regarding the failures of the Independent Labour Party in Belfast and arrangments for James Connolly's lecture tour, 1910 June 13.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly regarding arrangements for his lecture tour of Ireland and Great Britain, finances and describing The Hon. Francis Spring Rice, suggesting that Connolly correspond with him, 1910 June 18.
Letter from Walter Carpenter, organising secretary for the Socialist Party of Ireland, to James Connolly expressing his excitement to meet Connolly and asking when, and to what Irish port he will be arriving at, 1910 June 20.
Drafts of a letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly regarding a misunderstanding in relation to the extension of Connolly's lecture tour to England and Scotland, the lack of enthusiasm for the tour and communications with James Larkin in prison, 1910 July 5.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to George Dallas, of the Independent Labour Party in Scotland regarding James Larkin's request that Dallas take up the work of arranging James Connolly's tour in Scotland, 1910 July 6.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to [C. U. L.?] Shaw, secretary of the "Clarion Scouts" in England, regarding James Larkin's request that Shaw take up the work of arranging James Connolly's tour in England, 1910 July 6.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien, secretary of the Connolly Tour Committee, to the Limerick and Waterford Trades Council, informing them that James Connolly will be in Ireland the following month and available to offer their organisation a lecture during his tour of Ireland, 1910 July 14.
Draft letter from William O'Brien, secretary of the Connolly Tour Committee, to John Simmons, secretary of the Dublin Trades Council offering to arrange to have James Connolly deliever a lecture to the Dublin Trades Hall, 1910 July 14.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien, secretary of the Connolly Tour Committee, to Richard O'Carroll, secretary of the Ancient Guild of Incorporated Brick and Stonelayers Trade Union, offering to arrange to have James Connolly deliever a lecture to their organisation, 1910 July 18.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien, secretary of the Connolly Tour Committee, to Joseph Mitchell, secretary of the Belfast branch of the Independent Labour Party, anxiously awaiting a response regarding James Connolly's proposed visit to Belfast as part of his lecture tour, 1910 July 18.
Letter from Joseph Mitchell, secretary of the Federal Council of the Independent Labour Party in Belfast, to William O'Brien, secretary of the Connolly Tour Committee, agreeing to host James Connolly for two lectures in Belfast and offering £2 for expenses, 1910 July.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien, secretary of the Connolly Tour Committee, to Joseph Mitchell, secretary of the Belfast branch of the Independent Labour Party, agreeing to his proposal for James Connolly to speak at two open air meetings in Belfast, 1910 July 22.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien, secretary of the Connolly Tour Committee, to William G. Orr in Belfast, regarding the Belfast branch of the Independent Labour Party's reluctance to commit to hosting any more than two of James Connolly's lectures, 1910 July 22.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly regarding his travel arrangements and reiterating James Larkin's desire to have a private interview with Connolly, 1910 July 22.
Partial letter from George Dallas to James Larkin hoping that everything goes well at his sentencing on the 29th July and remarking that he has not lost confidence in him, 1910 July 25.
Letter from William G. Orr to James Connolly apologising that he cannot offer Connolly hospitality as his mother is ill, and that the Belfast Socialist Society cannot arrange a lecture for him as they do not have a suitable hall, 1910 July 31.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien, secretary of the Connolly Tour Committee to Thomas Mooney, secretary of the Workmens Club, Wellington Quay, Dublin, requesting the use of their hall for a lecture by James Connolly, 1910 August 10.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien, secretary of the Connolly Tour Committee to William Roche, Cork, referrring to a letter Roche wrote in the 'Irish Nation' newspaper and requesting his help in advertising James Connolly's lectures in Cork, 1910 August 11.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien, secretary of the Connolly Tour Committee to Sean Crawford, secretary of the Belfast Branch of the Socialist Party of Ireland, congratulating them on their establishment after James Connolly's visit, and offering them any assistance they require, 1910 August 16.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly, offering Connolly the position of organiser of the Socialist Party of Ireland for 6 months, if the party is in a financial position to do so, 1910 August 31.
Newspaper cuttings from a selection of papers of advertisements for lectures by James Connolly on socialism and the labour movement, 1910 July - August.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly, requesting a note of acknowledgement of monies received by him from O'Brien in his capacity as secretary of the Connolly Tour Committee for the Socialist Party of Ireland, as they are to be audited in the following weeks, 1910 September 3.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly, inviting him to a meeting with the Belfast branch of the Socialist Party of Ireland to discuss propaganda and literature, and also advising him to inform P.T. Daly that he must become a member if he plans to attend same meeting, 1910 September 14.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly, regarding plans to get James Larkin's opinion on offering Connolly a position as secretary of the Belfast Branch of the Irish Transport and General Worker's Union, 1910 September 19.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to [James Connolly?] regarding obtaining financial support to organise metings in Cork, Dublin and Belfast, the formation of a joint executive of the Socialist Party of Ireland, and asking if he received a letter from [Francis] Spring Rice, 1910 September 27.
Letter and draft letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly, regarding the standing of a Belfast branch of the Irish Transport and General Worker's Union, James Larkin's opinions and his return from prison, 1910 October 3.
Letter and draft letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly, informing him that the Socialist Party of Ireland cannot accept his proposal regarding the position of organiser and an organiser fund as they cannot guarantee funds, and also regarding the distribution of socialist pamphlets, 1910 October 10.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly, informing him that James Larkin was not commissioned by the Socialist Party of Ireland to make Connolly any offer regarding finances to be committed to an organiser fund, and a suggestion to issue an appeal to members for same, 1910 October 23.
Letter from George Parker, secretary of the Cork branch of the Socialist Party of Ireland to James Connolly, agreeing with his unidentifed suggestion and his book 'Labour in Irish History', 1910 November 22.
Flier of appeal for funds from the Socialist Party of Ireland for an organisation fund to support James Connolly in his propaganda work for the party, signed by William O'Brien, 1910 [November?].
Draft circular by William O'Brien to members of the Socialist Labour Party inviting them to attend a meeting regarding the provision of funds to enable James Connolly to remain in Ireland to continue working for the party and the Irish labour movement, 1910 [November?].
Draft letter from William O'Brien to an unidentified recipient regarding a lecture tour at Christmas and advertisments for James Connolly's lectures, 1910.
Balance sheet and list of subscriptions to the Connolly Tour Committee by William O'Brien for the Socialist Party of Ireland to fund James Connolly's lecture tour of Ireland and Great Britain, 1910.
List of names and addresses of individuals associated with socialism and the labour movement in Ireland, circa 1910.
Typescript copy of circular note regarding lecture tours by James Connolly in the United States, undated.
Lists of titles of published writings of James Connolly in Ireland and the United States, 1895-1916.
Correspondence between the Irish Transport and General Workers Union and Arthur Guinness Ltd., with correspondence of James Connolly during the 1913 Strike and Lockout, 1913.
Statement by James Connolly certifying that the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union has no objection to employees of "Burke of the Lotts" resuming work with the condition that they do not handle any goods from businesses in lockout disputes, 1913 October 7.
Copy of letter from James Larkin, secretary of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union to the Manager of the Shipping Department of the Guiness Brewery regarding the dismissal of Edward McCarthy, captain of the motor boat "Tolka", and five other Guinness boatmen employees, and the general working conditions at Guinness, 1913 October 7.
Copy of letter from the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, to Charles W. Bowerman secretary of the Trades Union Congress, Parliamentary Committee, requesting a loan of £1,000 to aid union members during the Dublin Lockout, 1913 October 13.
Copy of letter from A. E. Guinness, Managing Director of Arth. Guinness, Son & Co. Ltd., to James Larkin of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union refusing to reinstate boatmen that were dismissed for refusing to handle goods associated with scab labour and vehemently defending the treatment and working conditions of Guinness employees, 1913 October 14.
Copy of letter from the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, to Ross & Walpole (shipyard) stating that they cannot permit union members to handle any goods that are intended for use in firms associated with the Dublin lockout disputes, 1913 November 10.
Copy of letter from an unidentified member of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, to Cahal Bradley, Belfast, regarding the association of the labour movement with nationalism and the achievements of 'Larkinism' and the improvements of working conditions in Ireland, 1913 November 12.
Statement from the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union regarding the closing of Dublin port; the imprisonment of James Larkin for the labour movement, and appelaing to their "brethren in England to second our efforts" 1913 November 13.
Copy of letter from the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, to J. Arnold Sharpley, 18 Onslow Road, Liverpool, enclosing a cheque for £20 for the expenses of an unidentified meeting, on James Larkin's behalf, 1913 November 19.
Copy of letter from the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, to Mr. Cusack, Locomotive Engineers Department, Broadstone, regarding goods for a firm in which the union is in dispute and the possibilty of locking out employees that refuse to handle the goods, 1913 November 26.
Manuscript draft and typescript copy of statement by Patrick Murphy, father of Mary Ellen Murphy, a prisoner in High Park Reformatory complaining about the proximity of her daughter to the residents of the "home for Fallen Women by the Chapel", 1913 November 28.
Letter from James Connolly, acting secretary for the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union to James Fitzpatrick, secretary of the Inchicore branch of the Coach maker's Society clarifying a reference he made to the coach makers of Dublin, that should not have been applied to the Inchicore branch, 1913 December 11.
Letter from Lorcan G. Sherlock, Lord Mayor of Dublin, to James Connolly, regarding reassembling the conference between the employer and employee representatives that had been suspended the previous week, 1913 December 11.
Letter from James Connolly, acting secretary for the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union to Lorcan G. Sherlock, Lord Mayor of Dublin, to James Connolly, agreeing to consider reassembling negotiations between the employer and employee representatives, 1913 December 11.
Open letter from "An Irish Rebel" to the railwaymen in Ireland regarding terms upon which to resume work and the assurance of lockout pay, 1913 December 11.
Letter from James Connolly, acting secretary of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, to Guinness & Co., James's Gate, requesting the reinstatement of six employees and informing Guinness that the union has resolved to handle their products at the docks, 1913 December 12.
Letter from [H.M. Reury Tailymar], Managing Director of Arth. Guinness, Son & Co., Ltd., to James Connolly regarding a misapprehensipon about six employees that Connolly had requested be reinstated, 1913 December 12.
Letter from J.H. Bennett, secretary of the Belfast district of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, to James Connolly of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union asking for consent to resume work on the "Innishowen Head" liner after a request for a union crew, 1913 December 13.
Copy of letter from James Connolly of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, to J.H. Bennett, secretary of the Belfast district of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, denying him consent to provide the "Innishowen Head" liner a union crew as they still employ scab labour in Dublin and Belfast, 1913 December 13.
Copy of letter from James Connolly of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union acknowledging receipt of a letter from Messrs [Richard] Jones & [Michael] Dawson, representatives of the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company, 1913 December 13.
Letter from [Richard] Jones & [Michael] Dawson, representatives of the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company to James Connolly of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union informing him that "men need not come back unless that they undertake to handle all traffic", 1913 December 13.
Letter from Charles W. Bowerman, secretary of the British Trades Union Congress, Parliamentary Committee, to William O'Brien of the Dublin Trades Council informing O'Brien that unfortunately he cannot increase the amount of financial aid they are providing the Dublin Trades Council to help unions provide lockout pay, 1913 December 29.
Letter from Charles W. Bowerman, secretary of the British Trades Union Congress, Parliamentary Committee, to William O'Brien of the Dublin Trades Council with details of a transfer of money to aid the provision of lockout pay and support for union members and also informing O'Brien on the dire state of the fund, 1914 January 1.
Letter from Charles W. Bowerman, secretary of the British Trades Union Congress, Parliamentary Committee, to William O'Brien of the Dublin Trades Council regarding the drop in donations to the relief fund and their preference to provide food to the women and children of Dublin than lockout pay to the men, 1914 January 9.
Draft basis for negotiations between the representatives of the employees and employers involved in the Dublin Lockout dispute, circa 1913.
Note titled "Dublin Labour Fight" informing trades councils and socialist branches that they should contact James Connolly should they require "competent speakers from Ireland" if they are arranging demonstrations in aid of Dublin workers, circa 1913.
Withdrawn basis for negotiations by the workers representatives during the Dublin Lockout attempting to resolve the dispute, circa 1913.
Envelope inscribed with "Correspondence between the IT&GW Union and Messrs Arthur Guiness, Son & Company", undated.
Manuscript draft of literature for inclusion in ''98 Readings', published in 1898 and edited by James Connolly and Daniel O'Brien, including draft songs by James Connolly, 1898-1903.
Partial manuscript draft of '98 Readings, being a series of reprints of the most important literature current in Ireland 100 years ago, including the chief official documents of the United Irishmen and their writings in prose and verse', a five part publication of reprints of nationalist literature, edited by James Connolly, circa 1898.
Manuscript copies of songs and poems for inclusion in '98 Readings, being a series of reprints of the most important literature current in Ireland 100 years ago, including the chief official documents of the United Irishmen and their writings in prose and verse', a five part publication of reprints of nationalist literature, edited by James Connolly, circa 1898.
Letter from James Connolly to Jack [John J. Lyng] with a draft of the song titled 'When Labour Calls', circa 1903.
Letters to the 'Workers' Republic' from correspondents in the United States of America with subscriptions to the paper following James Connolly's lecture tour, 1902.
Letter from William J. Cassidy, Chicago, to [James Connolly?] informing him of the achievements of socialism in Chicago, asking how the socialist movement in Ireland is faring and asking to meet, 1902 September 24.
Letter from Ernest [Aviyone?], 446 Central Avenue, West Hoboken, New Jersey, to "Comrade" of the Irish Socialist Republican Party, informing him that he was at James Connolly's lecture at Union Hill, New Jersey, and has subscribed to the 'Workers' Republic' to keep in touch with the socialist movement in Ireland, 1902 September 25.
Letter from Timothy McMahon, 520 Lindley Street, Bridgeport, Connecticut, to the Irish Socialist Republican Party congratulating them on having James Connolly to represent themselves and the 'Workers' Republic' to which he has subscribed, 1902 September 25.
Letter from Felix Leonard, 94 Newark St., Providence, Rhode Island, to the Manager of the 'Workers' Republic' enclosing a subscription card for the paper and complementing James Connolly's eloquent lecture in Providence the previous week, 1902 September 30.
Letter from Jeremiah Devine, North Abington, Massachusetts, to "Comrade", Manager of the 'Workers' Republic' commending the work of James Connolly during his lecture tour of the United States and remarking that he will help the Socialist Labour Party of America to establish a Socialist Republic in America, 1902 October 2.
Letter from Charles A. Stromdahl, 52 Taylor St., [Metheun?], Massachusetts, to the Irish Socialist Republican Party, subscribing to the 'Workers' Republic' following a lecture by James Connolly in Boston, 1902 October.
Letter from 'The People', New York, to the 'Workers Republic', Dublin, requesting subscriptions for Fred, H. Brune, Charles C. Crawford, John Donaghue and Leon Lacoste and informing them that they have credited their account with the subscription fees, 1902 October 3.
Letter from Jeremiah Devine, North Abington, Massachusetts, to "Comrade", Editor of the 'Workers' Republic' enclosing a subscription, advertising cards and an article in relation to James Connolly's lecture (not extant), and discussing the relationship between socialism and the Catholic Church in Ireland and the United States, 1902 October 6.
Letter from A.L. Fricke, 167 Washington Street, West Hoboken, New Jersey, to the Irish Socialist Republican Party informing them of their current progress with a coal strike and the "Kangaroo" faction of the Socialist Labor Party, and complementing James Connolly's lecture in New Jersey, 1902 October 12.
Letter from John Walsh, 519 Greenwich St., New York, to the 'Worker's Republic', Dublin, correcting his address in relation to his subscription to the paper, and also discussing James Connolly's lecture tour in the United States, 1902 October 16.
Letter from M. Sullivan, 100 Braniard Street, Detroit, Michigan, to the manager of the 'Workers' Republic', Dublin, regarding a subscription and James Connolly's visit to Detroit, 1902 October 20.
Letter from James H. Arnold, agent at Subscription Book and Bible Publishing Co., 3314 Bank Street, Louisville, Kentucy, to the 'Workers' Republic', Dublin, regarding subscriptions to the paper, and complementing James Connolly's lecture in Louisville, 1902 October 21.
Letter from 'The People', New York, to the 'Workers Republic', 6 Lower Liffey Street, Dublin, requesting subscriptions for J.E. Madison, David Davidson, Charles Zolot and W.H. Peak and informing them that they have credited their account with the subscription fees, 1902 October 24.
Letter from [L. Hansen?], lit[erary?] agent, 149 Souder Avenue, Columbus, Ohio, to "Com[rade]" of the Irish Socialist Republican Party regarding James Connolly's lecture in Columbus and commending him for the work he is doing for the "international solidarity" of socialism, 1902 October 24.
Letter from 'The People', New York, to the 'Workers Republic', 6 Lower Liffey Street, Dublin, requesting annual subscriptions for Fred Lechner and J. Kumpitsch and informing them that they have credited their account with the subscription fees, 1902 October 31.
Letter from Robert MacDonagh, Mulanphy Hospital, St. Louis, Missouri, to "Comrade" of the 'Workers' Republic' enclosing two subscription cards for the paper (not included) which they purchased from James Connolly at his lecture in St. Louis, 1902 November 1.
Letter from Charles G. Davidson, St. Paul, Minnesota, to the 'Workers' Republic', Dublin, regarding a subscription to the paper, 1902 November 5.
Letter from James McPartlin, St. Paul, Minnesota, to the 'Workers' Republic', Dublin, enclosing his subscription card (not extant) for the paper, 1902 November 5.
Letter from J. H. Ecklund, West Superior, Wisconson, to the 'Workers' Republic', 6 Lower Liffey St, Dublin, reegarding James Connolly's speech in Duluth, Minnesota on 1st Nov. and Ecklund's subscription to the paper, 1902 November 7.
Letter from [J. Emoir?], Duluth, Minnesota, to the 'Workers' Republic', Dublin, enclosing a subscription card to the paper (not included), and complementing James Connolly's speech in Duluth, 1902 November 8.
Letter from P.E. Nelson, 1642 Major Ave., Salt Lake City, Utah, to the 'Workers' Republic', Dublin, enclosing a subscription card to the paper (not included), 1902 November 11.
Letter from an unidentified sender in Chicago, Illinois, to the 'Workers Republic', Dublin, enclosing a subscription card to the paper (not included), and discussing the socialist movement in the United States and Ireland, 1902 November 13.
Letter from 'The People', New York, to the 'Workers Republic', Dublin, requesting annual subscriptions for William Doran and John White and informing them that they have credited their account with the subscription fees, 1902 November 15.
Letter from 'The People', New York, to the 'Workers Republic', Dublin, requesting annual subscription for H. Harvey Stuart, Hopewell, Hill, New Brunswick, Canada, and enclosing a receipt for subscriptions received from T. J. Lyng, 1902 November 21.
Letter from Meiko Meyer, for 'The Wage Worker', 334 Arnott St., Detroit, Michigan, to the 'Workers' Republic', Dublin, enlcosing a subscription card for the paper (not included) and hoping to receive it in exchange for their paper, 1902 November 24.
Letter from Stephen Bailey, Delta, Colarado, to the 'Workers' Republic', Dublin, enclosing five new subscription cards for the paper following James Connolly's lecture in Delta, Colorado, 1902 December 5.
Letter from S.B. Hutchinson, Grand Junction, Colorado, to the 'Workers' Republic', Dublin, enclosing twelve subscription cards (not included) to the paper following James Connolly's lecture on 4th December in Grand Junction, 1902 December 6.
Letter from J.M. Long, Waterv[a]liet, New York, to the Irish Socialist Republican Party, complementing James Connolly's lecture tour in the United States and pledging that he and the Socialist Labor Party of America will do what they can "to break the chains of wage slavery" in the United States, 1902 December 20.
Subscription cards for the 'Workers' Republic' from subscribers in the United States and Canada following James Connolly's lecture tour in the United States, circa 1902.
Empty envelope with inscription "Letters Rec. from U.S.A. by I[rish] Soc[ialist] Rep[ublican] P[ar]ty Sept-Dec 1902 about Tour of James Connolly", undated.
Letters regarding the travel arrangements for James Connolly lecture tour of the United States and Canada from Socialist Labor Party of America organisers, secretaries and literary agents aiding Connolly secure subscriptions the 'Workers' Republic', 1902.
List of contributors to a fund to support James Connolly's lecture tour of the United States by the Irish Socialist Republican Party, 1902.
Preliminary itinerary for James Connolly's lecture tour of the United States for September and October in New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island, Conneticut and Massachusetts, 1902.
Circular letter from Daniel O'Brien of the Irish Socialist Republican Party to members who promised donations to fund James Connolly's lecture tour of the United States, requesting that they pay their promised subscriptions, 1902 [June?].
Letter from Henry Kuhn, Socialist Labor Party of America, to Mark Deering, Irish Socialist Republican Party, regarding the organisation of James Connolly's lecture tour of the United States, 1902 June 27.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, Socialist Labor Party of America, to Mark Deering, Irish Socialist Republican Party, regarding Connolly's requests to have a lecture organised for him in San Francisco and the printing of his pamphlets by the Socialist Labor Party of America, 1902 July 30.
Letter from Francis B. Ca[rr?], 80 Page St., Keene, New Hampshire, to J.E.C. Donnelly, New York, informing him that they can accomodate James Connolly for two lectures on the 14th and 15th August and asking when he arrives as to meet him at the train, 1902 August 7.
Letter from Thomas T. Hands, 93 Burnside St., Providence, Rhode Island, to Henry Kuhn, New York, regarding travel arrangements for James Connollly's visit and proposed lectures, 1902 September 23.
Letter from Laurence A. Boland, a Socialist Labor Party organiser in Troy, New York, to James Connolly outlining his travel arrangements and lecture times during his time in Troy, New York, 1902 October 8.
Letter from Michael T. [Benny?], 14 Hancock St., Haverhill, Massachusetts, to James Connolly, Troy, New York, enclosing a copy of the report of the Lynn Socialist Labor Party branch meeting (not included), following his lecture in Lynn, Massachusetts, 1902 October 9.
Letter from Charles G. Davidson, St. Paul, Minnesota, to Henry Kuhn, New York, regarding rearranging James Connolly's visit to St. Paul, to accomodate a proposed social supper on election day, 4th November, and a typescript note from Kuhn to Connnolly on verso asking if he can accept the invitation, 1902 October 10.
Letter from James Matthews, organiser for the Socialist Labor Party of America, Cleveland section, to James Connolly, arranging to meet Connolly at the train station in Collinswood during his lecture tour of the United States and informing him that he will be wearing a "red button" on the lapel of his coat, 1902 October 11.
Letter from [John?] Keegan, 3443 South Halsted St., Chicago, Illinois, to James Matthews, organiser for the Socialist Labor Party of America, Cleveland section, asking him to inform James Connolly that John Keegan would like to meet him and "talk about the comrades in the old town" if he is still visiting Chicago on his lecture tour, 1902 October 14.
Letter from Charles G. Davidson, St. Paul, Minnesota, to James Connolly, St. Louis, Missouri, asking him to deliver a speech at a supper that has been organised for him in the Globe Hotel, St. Paul, Minnesota, during his lecture tour of the United States, 1902 October 24.
Letter from Henry Sale, 43 Ashland Boulivard, Chicago, to James Connolly, regarding travel arrangments for his visit to Chicago on his lecture tour of the United States, and informing him he will wear the "red button of the S.L.P." at the train station, 1902 October 25.
Letter from Joseph H. Sweeny, Yonkers, New York, to Henry Kuhn enclosing a cheque (not extant) for subscriptions to the 'Workers' Republic' and remarking he still has 7 subscription cards that he received from James Connolly and will do all he can to fill them, 1902 October 26.
Letter from Charles H. Chase, secretary of the Colorado State Committee of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to James Connolly, providing him with dates and locations in Colorado for his lecture tour and the names and addresses of local organisers that will organising his lectures and accomodation, 1902 November 16.
Letter from Charles Grupp, organiser for the St. Louis Section of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to James Connolly in Denver, Coloarado, informing him that the St. Louis section do not think a lecture from James Connolly would be useful at this time, 1902 November 27.
Letter from W.S. Corbin, National Secretary for the Socialist Labour Party, Dominion of Canada, to James Connolly, asking him to extend his lecture tour of the United States to London, Ontario, Canada and providing him with the names and addresses of individuals that will provide for him, 1902 December 1.
Letter from W.S. Corbin, National Secretary for the Socialist Labour Party, Dominion of Canada, to James Connolly, asking him to extend his lecture tour of the United States to London, Ontario, Canada, 1902 December 2.
Letter from Hugh R. Richards, Indianapolis, Indiana, to James Connolly regarding the need to rearrange his lecture in Marion to Indianapolis and asking Connolly to speak on the socialist movement in America at the lecture, 1902 December 6.
Letter from Hugh R. Richards, Indianapolis, Indiana, to James Connolly reiteraring a previous letter in case he did not receive it, regarding the need to rearrange his lecture in Marion to Indianapolis and infomrs him on the advertising for the lecture, 1902 December 7.
Letter from James Whipp to James Connolly, regarding a picture he bought in Fall River during his visit as part of his lecture tour, the outcome of a local election, and Connolly's plans to extend his tour to Canada, 1902 December 8.
Letter from Denis McGoff to James Connolly enclosing 2 subscriptions to the 'Workers' Republic' and 4 unused subscription cards (not included), complementing his lecture in New Bedford, and wishing him a merry Christmas, 1902 December 8.
Letter from Meiko Meyer to James Connolly, requesting that he come to Detroit early for interviews with capitalist newspapers and informing him that he has begun advertising for the meeting, 1902 December 14.
Letter from L. Abelson, Organiser for the Socialist Labor Party, New York Section, to James Connolly regarding arrangements for Connolly's last lectures in New York before he concludes his lecture tour, 1902 December 16.
Letter from Charles Woodley to James Connolly, enclosing a copy of letter from Meiko Meyer about Connolly's travel arrangements for his lecture in Detroit, 1902 December 16.
Letter from Joseph H. Sweeny to Henry Kuhn, enclosing cheque for subscriptions and five empty subscription cards for the 'Workers' Republic' which he attempted to fill for James Connolly following his lectures in New York, 1902 December 17.
Letter from W.S. Corbin, National Secretary for the Socialist Labour Party, Dominion of Canada, to James Connolly enclosing a cheque for $28.50 (not included), and informing him that they were very pleased with his visit to Canada, 1902 December 18.
Letter from Percy Kemp, Literary Agent for Socialist Labor Party, Dominion of Canada, Toronto Section to an unidentified recipient of the Socialist Labor Party of America enclosing payment for three annual subscriptions to the 'Workers' Republic' (not included), 1902 December 23.
Letter from the White Star Line, New York, to James Connolly, Troy, New York, advising him that the "Cymric" does not have his requested "second saloon" and hoping he has secured passage to Ireland on the "Celtic", at the conclusion of his lecture tour of the United States and Canada, 1902 December 23.
Letters from M.D. Fitzgerald to James Connolly, mainly concerning personal matters inlcuding his financial difficulties, 1902-1907.
Letter from M.D. Fitzgerald, 49 Roxbury St., Boston, Massachusetts, to Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Party of America, enclosing payment for annual subscriptions to the 'Workers' Republic' (not included), secured following James Connolly's lecture, 1902 October 13.
Letter from M.D. Fitzgerald, Boston, Massachusetts, to James Connolly, advising him on his job search and emigration to the United States, and discussing Fitzgerald's job in insurance, 1903 November 10.
Letter from M.D. Fitzgerald, Boston, Massachusetts, to James Connolly, informing him that he has transfered Connolly's insurance to Troy, New York; discussing his workload, and hoping Connnolly is soon reunited with his family, 1904 April 14.
Letter from M.D. Fitzgerald, Hoboken, New Jersey, to James Connolly, regarding his new job in Hoboken; his financial difficulties and asking about Connolly's family, 1906 May 2.
Letter from M.D. Fitzgerald, New Jersey, to James Connolly, asking for the money Connolly owes him plus an additional £5 to help get him out of his "financial hole", 1907 September 23.
Letter from M.D. Fitzgerald, 308 W. 154th St., New Jersey, to James Connolly, regarding his financial difficulties, his late fees for the Socialist Labor Party of America and asking Connolly for the money he owes him, circa 1907.
Letters from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the the Socialist Labour Party of the United States of America, to the Irish Socialist Republican Party and James Connolly regarding the planning of, and travel arrangements for Connolly's lecture tour of the United States and Canada, 1899-1902.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to Murtha[gh] J. Lyng, Assistant Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party, agreeing to aid in the distibution of a leaflet to locations visited by Irish socialists, 1899 September 21.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to T.J. Lyng, Secretary of the Irish Socialist Republican Party, acknowledging receipt of circulars that arrived to late for a meeting in New York but have been distributed to New York, Boston and Providence, 1899 October 24.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to W.J. Bradshaw of the Irish Socialist Republican Party, regarding funds for the 'Workers' Republic', circular leaflets that Kuhn is to distribute, and describing the "hot and lively affair" that is the election campaign in the 16th district of New York, 1899 October 31.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to Murtha[gh] J. Lyng, Secretary for the Irish Socialist Republican Party, regarding their new venture issuing a daily paper the 'Daily People' and refusing to commit to receiving James Connolly for a lecture tour of the United States, 1900 July 14.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to Murtha[gh] J. Lyng, Secretary for the Irish Socialist Republican Party, explaining that an Irish socialist agitator would not receive the same reception in America as an Irish nationalist agitator, and remarking that New York is not ready for the new 'Daily People', 1900 September 1.
Letter from Julian Pierce, Manager of the New York Labor News Company, to Murtha[gh] J. Lyng, Secretary for the Irish Socialist Republican Party, regarding the publication of an article titled the "Economic Future of Ireland" and the popularity of 'Erin's Hope', 1901 November 14.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to Mark Deering, Secretary for the Irish Socialist Republican Party, informing them that the Socialist Labor Party is now in a position to consider the proposed lecture tour of a member of the Irish Socialist Republican Party and requesting clarification on details on same, 1902 April 10.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to James Connolly, regarding travel arrangements, organising dates, his laundry and the importance of reporting his lectures to the 'Daily People' to retain interest in the tour, 1902 September 30.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to James Connolly, outlining the arrangements of dates and locations for lectures in and en route to San Francisco, California, and Connolly's request for the arrangment of some personal days there, 1902 October 18.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to James Connolly, suggesting that he still travel to Chicago regardless of their section's inabiltiy to arrange a meeting, and including names and addresses of representatives in Minnesota and Illinois to clarify travel arrangements, 1902 October 20.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to James Connolly, regarding financial support during Connolly's lecture tour, subscription cards for the 'Workers' Republic' and organising some dates for lectures in Canada, 1902 October 24.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to James Connolly, subscription cards for the 'Workers' Republic' and a retraction to an insulting statement made by "Passono" at the outset of a meeting at which Connolly was speaking in Troy, New York, 1902 October 31.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to Charles H. Chase, Secretary to the Colorado State Committee of the Socialist Labor Party of America, asking Chase to provide him with dates and locations for James Connolly's lectures in Colorado to allow enough time to make travel arrangements, 1902 November 13.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to Daniel O'Brien, Secretary to the Irish Socialist Republican Party, regarding James Connolly's success in securing subscriptions for the 'Workers' Republic' and informing him that Connolly will depart from New York for Ireland on Dec 27th on the "Cunarder Eturia", 1902 December 8.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to James Connolly, informing him that he has booked him passage from New York for Ireland on Dec 27th on the "Cunard steamer Eturia", 1902 December 8.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to James Connolly, regarding a letter of accusation that Daniel De Leon is holding for him and arrangements for Connolly's final days in the United States, 1902 December 18.
Letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to James Connolly, regarding a misunderstanding related to Connolly's salary at the conclusion of the lecture tour and his departure date, 1902 December 20.
Partial letter from Henry Kuhn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to James Connolly, regarding Connolly's salary and travel arrangments for his lecture tour in the United States and Canada, and plans for a farewell reception in New York, 1902.
Correspondence of the Socialist Labor Party of the United States of America related to party politics, James Connolly, and the role of the National Secretary and the National Executive Committee, 1907.
Copy of minutes of meetings of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party on 6th and 7th January 1907 regarding financial and administrative affairs and a complaint made against the National Secretary, Frank Bohn, 1907 January 6-7.
Letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to the members of the National Executive Committee, asking them to vote on a proposed resolution regarding the distribtuion of the minutes of their meetings, 1907 January 29.
Letter from William Teichlauf, Secretary of an Investigation Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly, requesting specific statements about his complaint, 1907 March 16.
Copies of letter from James Connolly to William Teichlauf, Secretary of an Investigation Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, outlining the nature of his complaint about the conduct of members of the Socialist Labor Party, 1907 [March?].
Copy of letter from Charles H. Chase to the members of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, regarding his resignation from the "party plant" and the discord between himself and the Sub-Committee of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, 1907 March 16.
Open circular letter from Daniel De Leon to members of the Socialist Labor Party, responding to an enquiry from William Teichlauf, Secretary of an Investigation Committee of the Socialist Labor Party regarding a formal complaint made by James Connolly, 1907 March 29.
Copy of circular letter form Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Party, to the members of the National Executive Committee, regarding the financial situation of the party following a libel court case against 'The People', 1907 April 10.
Partial copy of letter from Olive M. Johnson, member of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, to its members, motioning for the removal of the Sub-Committee of the National Executive Committee and outlining the charges, 1907 April 24.
Copy of response by the Sub-Committee of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, defending themselves against charges in a letter from Olive M. Johnson, member of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Party, motioning for the removal of the Sub-Committee, 1907 April 26.
Copy of letter of complaint by Charles H. Chase and Julias Eck regarding the conduct of the Sub Committee of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party in relation to their handling of "Gilchrist" and Chase's complaints, 1907 April 26.
Copy of letter from "John Kircher", 3087 West 100th Street, Cleveland, Ohio, to Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, enquiring about plans to meet a financial debt from a libel court case, 1907 April 30.
Copy of letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party of America, to the members of the Natiaonl Executive Committee regarding the outcome of a vote one thea mount of delegates for an International Congress and the admission of race federations, 1907 April 30.
Copy of letter from "Peter Jacobson", New York, to the members of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, outlining the efforts of the New York section to raise funds for the financial debt the party was facing, 1907 May 1.
Copy of letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to the members of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, enclosing letters with advice on raising funds for the financial debt of the party following the Burnstein libel case, 1907 May 3.
Letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly regarding the posponement of a meeting to allow Bohn to visit and lecture for the "Hungarian local" of Philadelphia, 1907 May 3.
Letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly regarding the posponement of a meeting, and asking Connolly to attend after work, informing him that they will only cover important matters when he is present, 1907 May 7.
Letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to the members of the National Executive Committee asking for instruction in relation to the ballot on a resolution submitted by Olive M. Johnson, 1907 May 9.
Copy of letter from Charles H. Chase, to the members of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party complaining that Frank Bohn refused him access to Sub-Committee records, namely James Connolly's correspondence, 1907 May 9.
Circular letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to the members of the National Executive Committee, asking if there a second to a motion from John Kircher to remove James Connolly from the Sub-Committee of the National Executive Committee, 1907 May 23.
Copy of letter from Louis C. Haller, Sectretary of the California State Executive Committee, to the members of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, with copies of letters between Frank Bohn and Olive C. Johnson, endorsing the removal of the Sub-Committee of the National Executive Committee, 1907 May 24.
Circular letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to the members of the National Executive Committee, asking for information on candidates for national organisers and touring speakers for the Socialist Labor Party, 1907 May 24.
Letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly, informing him it is too late to make changes to a circular letter and that Connolly's proposed statement would not "give rise to very much discussion as the quibbling will be too evident", 1907 May 28.
Letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly, informing him that he has been nomianted as a delegate to the International Socialist Congress at Stuttgart, Germany, 1907 May 28.
Circular letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to the members of the National Executive Committee, summarising the minutes of a recent meeting of the Sub-Committee regarding Olive M. Johnson's resolution, 1907 May 30.
Letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to "Comrade" [James Connolly] organising a meeting of the Sub-Committee of the National Executive Committee following a request from members to discuss unidentified matters which "require immediate attention", 1907 May 31.
Copy of a circular letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to the members of the National Executive Committee, requesting the removal of Charles H. Chase from the Sub-Committee due to his disruptive actions, 1907 June 11.
Copy of a circular letter from Frank Bohn, National Secretary of the Socialist Labor Party, to the members of Socialist Labor Party, requesting funds to aid the party's financial situation following the move of the headquarters in New York and legal fees from an appeal against a libel case from J. Bernstein, 1907.
Copies of a letter from James Connolly to "Comrade" protesting the actions of the New Jersey State Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party in removing him as a member of the National Executive Committee, 1907.
Copies of letter from James Connolly to "Comrade" tendering his resignation from his post as the Socialist Labor Party National Executive Committee delegate from New Jersey following complaints from members in New Jersey and charges from Daniel De Leon, 1907.
Copies of letter from James Connolly answering charges brought against him by Daniel De Leon including reference to a theft from the party funds in the Labor News Company, 1907.
Copy of voting card for members of the Socialist Labor Party on resolutions related to the powers of the office of the National Secretary and the role of the Sub-Committee of the National Executive Committee, circa 1907.
Partial list of names and addresses of individuals in the United States, most likely related to the Socialist Labor Party of America, undated.
Letters to James Connolly from correspondents in the United States of America concerning the socialist movement, organising Connolly's lectures across the United States and party politics, 1903-1910 and undated.
Letter from Lazarus Abelson, Organiser for the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly requesting a letter to be read at the "Cooper Union Meeting", 1903 June 13.
Letter from John Hossack of the American Transit Company, New York, to James Connolly in Boston, Massachusetts, regarding forwarding a repaired box and laundered clothing to him in Boston, 1903 October 27.
Letter from Lazarus Abelson, Organiser for the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly inviting him to speak at a mass meeting at Cooper Union, New York, for International Labor Day, 1904 April 1.
Letter from Lazarus Abelson, Organiser for the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly acknowledging Connolly's letter notifying Abelson that he cannot attend a mass meeting at Cooper Union, New York, for International Labor Day and their May Day Celebration, 1904 April 7.
Receipt from Bridget McDonald for "M.O.F", Dorchester, Massachusetts, for James Connolly for $11.50 for "payment in full for branch", 1904 April 12.
Partial letter from an unidentified sender to James Connolly, reagrding his now "better circumstances" and a debate about the comparison between tenement and living conditions in Ireland and the United States, 1904 June 14.
Letter form "[D.S. Ranglien?]", 184 Julian St., Providence, Rhode Island, to James Connolly, clarifying an issue that arose in relation to Connolly only speaking under the auspices of the Socialist Labor Party while in Rhode Island, circa 1904.
Letter form Hugh R. Richards, Indianapolis, to James Connolly, informing him not to worry about payments owed, and asking after Connolly and his family, 1905 April 8.
Memorandum from A[ppleton] P.C. Griffin, Chief Bibliographer of the Library of Congress listing historical sources in answer to James Connolly's request for names of regiments recruited from Illionois and Ohio during the Civil War, 1905 April 27.
Letter from Fred[erick] Fellerman, Secretary of the Connecticut State Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly outlining the job requirements and details of the position of oganiser-solicitor for the states Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island, 1905 June 26.
Letter from L. Katz, Secretary of the Pennsylvania State Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly offering him a position as organiser and canvasser for party literature in Pennsylvania, 1905 July 24.
Letter from L. Katz, Secretary of the Pennsylvania State Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly enclosing a cheque for £15 (not included) in relation to the organiser position Katz had offered Connolly, 1905 July 28.
Letter from L. Katz, Secretary of the Pennsylvania State Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly informing him that he must retract his job offer as his Committee cannot guarantee funding to pay the salary, 1905 August 2.
Letter from "[A.S. Dowlin?]", Finlay, Texas, to James Connolly advising him on contacts in Texas following an advertisment Connolly placed in the 'Daily People' regarding the Socialist Labor Party, 1905 August 9.
Letter from L. Katz, Secretary of the Pennsylvania State Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly querying why Connolly has not returned a sum of £15 dollars that he owes the Committee and informing him that Katz is being held personally repsonsible for the money, 1905 September 1.
Copy of letter from the Socialist Labor Party and the Italian Socialist Federation to the Chairman and Members of the Police Commissioners of Newark, New Jersey, complaining about the confiscation of red flags from a peaceful parade and the windows of premises of the Italian Socialist Federation, 1905 September 1.
Letter from Hugh R. Richards, Indianapolis, Indiana, to James Connolly expressing relief that Connolly has communicated with him regarding a sum of money that Connolly owes, 1908 July 18.
Letter from Hugh R. Richards, Indianapolis, to James Connolly, acknowledging receipt of payment of part of monies owed, 1906 July 31.
Letter from "R.H. [Buimen?]", Manager of the North American Music Company, New York, to [James Connolly?], regarding a contract for the publication of an anthem, 1907 April 19.
Letter from John Beehler, Financial Secretary to the Brooklyn branch of the Industrial Workers of the World, to James Connoll, replying to his suggestion to re-organise the branch, describing their status and enclosing a list of names and addresses of members, 1907 November 14.
Letter from "N.R. Smith Murray", 72 Appleton St., Providence, Rhode Island, to James Connolly complementing 'The Harp' and enclosing subscriptions (not included) to the paper, 1908 January 7.
Letter from "James Scheuerer", Organiser pro term for the New York Section of the Socialist Labor Party, to James Connolly inviting him to speak at a party meeting at Webster Hall on the 1st May, 1908 April 13.
Circular letter from the administration of the Industrial Workers of the World to its members and supporters, reiterating an appeal for payment of outstanding bills and for financial support from members and local branches to pay debts, 1908 April 26.
Letter from Fred Cederholm, Bridgeport, Connecticut, to an unidentified recipient organising details for a speech by James Connolly at a meeting of the Socialist Party of America in Bridgeport, Connecticut, 1908 July 21.
Letter from Robert J. Kelly, Lowell, Massachusetts, to an unidentified recipient organising details for a speech by James Connolly at a socialist meeting in South Common, Lowell, Massachusetts, 1908 July 21.
Letter from Geo. E. Harris, Leominster, Massachusetts, to an unidentified recipient organising details for a speech by James Connolly at a socialist meeting from the bandstand on the common in Leominster, Massachusetts, 1908 July 21.
Letter from J.D. Williams, Malden, Massachusetts, to James Connolly accepting his offer to visit Malden and speak at a meeting, 1908 July 22.
Letter from J.D. Williams, Malden, Massachusetts, to an unidentified recipient planning details for James Connolly's visit and lecture at a socialist meeting in Malden, Massachusetts, 1908 July 26.
Letter from John F. Molloy, Corresponding Secretary for the Socialist Party Club of Boston, to the manager of 'The Harp' requesting that James Connolly provide a lecture in South Boston, Massachusetts, 1908 August 6.
Partial letter from an unidentified sender in Greenfield, Massachusetts, to James Connolly, informing him that he must cancel Connolly's lecture dates because of a clash with speeches by "Clark of Texas" and other inconveniences, 1908 August 12.
Letter from "James F. Foy", Quincy, Massachusetts, to [James F.] Carey asking for James Connolly to deliver a speech at a meeting of a "crowd of Irish men" at a Hibernian's hall in Quincy, 1908 August 19.
Letter from unidentified author, 741 East 5th St., Brooklyn, New York, to James Connolly enclosing money [not included] to aid Connolly's attendance at the 1908 Convention of the Socialist Party of America in Chicago, Illinois, 1908 September 16.
Letter from J. Mahlon Barnes, National Secretary for the Socialist Party of America, to James Connolly informing Connolly that he has been nominated as a candidate for the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Party of America, 1908 December 1.
Letter from unidentified author, 741 East 5th St., Brooklyn, New York, to James Connolly requesting that he give a lecture at a meeting in New York on January, 1909, 1908 December 17.
Letter from "W.S. McGeoch", 440 St. John St., Portland, Maine, to J.E.C. Donnelly, New York, regarding organising additional lecture dates for James Connolly in Maine, [1908?] July 31.
Letter from Charles H. Kerr, Chicago, to James Connolly outlining the costs of printing and publishing socialist handbills, periodicals and Connolly's book, 1909 March 5.
Letter from Charles H. Kerr, Chicago, to James Connolly enclosing a cheque for Connolly for copyright on his book (not included) and noting advertisment and printing details, 1909 March 15.
Letter from unidentified person to J. [E.] C. Donnelly, New York, requesting that a response be made in 'The Harp' to offset the offence likely to be given to Catholic socailists by an upcoming speech by "Prof. Monaghan", 1909 April 5..
Letter from J. Mahlon Barnes, National Secretary for the Socialist Party of America, to James Connolly informing him that he had communicated with numerous state secretaries to establish an itinerary for a lecture and propaganda tour for Connolly in May, 1909 April 9.
Letter from J. Mahlon Barnes, National Secretary for the Socialist Party of America, to James Connolly enclosing copy of a letter him that he had sent to numerous local offices to establish an itinerary for a lecture and propaganda tour, 1909 April 17.
Letter from "R.B. Stringham", New York, to [James Connolly?] inviting him to attend a meeting of the "Bronx Forum", to discuss the establishment of a centre in the Bronx by members of the Socialist Party of America, 1910 February 14.
Letter from Bernard McMahon, Chicago, to James Connolly, discussing the socialist landscape in Chicago, and refers to the charges against J. Mahlon Barnes, 'The Daily People' and Connolly's new book, 1910 September 14.
Partial letter from the Industrial Workers of the World to James Connolly and other members of the organisation, requesting weekly essays of interest to the working class, undated.
Letter from "John Dailly" to James Connolly regarding his continued unemployment and the political situation in Dorchester, undated.
Letter from the founder of the 'Irish News', a publication in St. Louis, Missouri, to the editor of 'The Harp', New York, [James Connolly?], regarding the failure of the 'Irish News' and some private gossip about a "playwright priest", undated.
Circular letter from the manager of 'The Harp' advertising James Connolly's upcoming lecture tour and asking recipients to confirm dates for meetings in their areas, undated.
Material concerning James Connolly's article 'Wages, marriage and the Church' and letter 'As to race and language organisations', 1904-1907.
Letter from James Connolly to the editor of the 'Daily People' [in relation to Connolly's piece 'Wages, marriage and the Church'], 1904 April.
Transcript of writings in the 'Weekly People' titled "National Convenion, SLP Attititude on Trades Unions", 1904 July 16.
Statement by John J Lyng describing James Connolly's attitude to the Socialist Labor Party of America's Trades' union resolution [of 1904], undated.
Transcript of writings, including correspondence, from the 'Weekly People' on topics including Irish-American newspapers and socialism in Ireland, James Connolly's involvment in various matters related to the Socialist Labor Party [of America] and protests against police actions, 1905-1908.
Transcript of "Wages, marriage and the church, a discussion initated by James Connolly and answered by the editor of 'The People'" as it appeared in the 'Weekly People', with extracts from the editor's reply, 1904 April 9.
Newscutting from the 'Weekly People' of "Wages, marriage and the church, a discussion initated by James Connolly and answered by the editor of 'The People'", 1904 April 9.
Transcript of writings, including correspondence, from the 'Weekly People' in response to James Connolly's 'Wages, marriage and the Church', 1904 April - July 30].
Transcript from the 'Weekly People' of a report of the National Executive Committee of the Socialist Labor Party of America on "our international relations", 1904 July 15.
Newscutting from the 'Weekly People' of a letter on the topic of wages and the editor's reply, 1905.
Newscutting from the 'Weekly People' of a letter on the topic of ""value", "wages" and other things" and the editor's reply, 1906 May 5.
Transcript of a letter from James Connolly to the 'Weekly People' titled "As to race and language organizations", 1907 March 2.
Manuscript draft of two lectures, entitled 'The Connolly controversy' and 'The future of labour', by James Connolly, circa 1904-1908.
Draft of a lecture by James Connolly taking issue with Connolly's public disagreement with Daniel De Leon being described as the "Connolly controversy" and outlining what is at stake for him, De Leon and the Socialist Labor Party of America, undated.
Letters from James Connolly to John Bohan and Peter Keeley concerning the Irish Transport and General Workers Union, 1914-1915.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Bohan [Secretary of Dublin No. 3 branch] of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union requesting the agreed transfer of monies from the High Street branch to the General Fund, 1914 October 26.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Bohan [Secretary of Dublin No. 3 branch] of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union acknowledging receipt of cheque for £100 from No. 3 branch, 1914 October 26.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Bohan [Secretary of Dublin No. 3 branch] of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union informing him that as of the first Saturday in April 1915 the subscription to the ITGWU will be 4 pence per week, 1915 March 16.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Bohan [Secretary of Dublin No. 3 branch] of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union requesting the appointment of delegates to the ITGWU conference to be held on the 24th of May 1915, 1915 May 7.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Bohan [Secretary of Dublin No. 3 branch] of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union asking that he return an enclosure signed, itemise insurance expenditure and provide details on a matter related to a firm called Judge, 1915 May 12.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to "Jack" [John Bohan, Secretary of Dublin No. 3 branch?] seeking £20 for strike pay, 1915 December 7.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Peter Keeley [of the Sligo branch?] of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union informing him that death benefit is not payable to members who died in World War I, 1915 February 25.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Peter Keeley [of the Sligo branch?] acknowledging receipt of £30 and about advances obtained for workers, 1915 May 5.
Letters from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien, mainly concerning the Irish Socialist Republican Party and the 'Workers' Republic', 1899-1902.
Incomplete copy of a letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien seeking a loan for £2 so that Connolly may puchase stock to sell, 1899 March 11.
Copy of a letter from James Connolly [to Daniel O'Brien] seeking reassurance that the 'Workers' Republic' has been distributed to branches, and proposing a card to be used to sign up subscribers in the United States, [1902].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien about the 'Worker's Republic' and 'The Socialist', and his proposed tour of the United States, 1902 July 14.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien about 'The Socialist' and seeking news on progress of new branches outside Dublin, 1902 July 21.
Copy of partial letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien about articles, manifestos, subscribers' cards and voters' list, 1902 July 28.
Copy of letter from James Connolly [to Daniel O'Brien] about his proposed tour of the United States, his image on an engraving, errors in a biography of Connolly, and his return to Dublin the following week, 1902 August 7.
Copy of an extract from a letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien about Connolly's visit to [George] Washington's headquarters [in Newburgh, New York] and the definition of freedom, 1902 September 15.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien giving details about his tour of the United States, 1902 September 23.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien enclosing money and stating that he has not had any acknowledgement of the various communications he has sent to Ireland, 1902 October 9.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien about a row in Troy, New York over the number of nights on which Connolly would speak, and contrasting the Socialist Labour Party and the Social Democratic Federation, 1902 October 16.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien urging action to prepare for Dublin elections in which Connolly might be a candidate, 1902 October 22.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien about the 'Workers' Republic' and election work in Dublin, 1902 October 29.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien expressing annoyance at a delay in issuing the 'Workers' Republic', and about publications and [William] McLoughlin fighting an election for the North City ward of Dublin 1902 November 3.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien about Connolly contesting an election in Dublin, 1902 November 28.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien stressing the importance of publishing an election address by Connolly, and expressing displeasure at a letter sent to the Socialist Labour Party of America about the expenses of Connolly's tour of the United States, 1902 December 4.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien about a delay in the publication of the 'Workers' Republic' and asking about the publication of his address for an election in Dublin, 1902 December 9.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien about the delay in the publication of the 'Workers' Republic' and his travel plans for his return to Dublin, 1902 December 20.
Letters from James Connolly to [James] Keir Hardie concerning the Independent Labour Party and socialist affairs, 1894.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to [James] Keir Hardie protesting at the short notice given for a meeting and informing him that no Edinburgh delegates can attend, 1894 February 9.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to [James] Keir Hardie about the selection in Central Edinburgh of a possible candidate for the Independent Labour Party, 1894 May 28.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to [James] Keir Hardie about meetings addressed by William Small to drum up support for Small as Labour's possible election candidate, 1894 June 8.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to [James] Keir Hardie expressing regret that [William] Field cannot appear on the platform of a meeting [to support William Small], and about [John] Redmond's advice about a Parnellite manifesto, 1894 June 19.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to [James] Keir Hardie suggesting that Hardie arrange and address a meeting in Dublin to seek support for the Labour movement in Britain, 1894 July 3.
Correspondence between James Connolly and Messrs. G. and J. Burns, Belfast concerning the conditions of employment for Belfast dock labourers, 1913 August.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Messrs. G. and J. Burns, Belfast seeking a meeting to discuss a list of new working conditions proposed by workers on Belfast docks, 1913 August 2.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Messrs. G. and J. Burns, Belfast repeating a request for a meeting and referring to an alleged attempt at coercion by a foreman, 1913 August 5.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Messrs. G. and J. Burns, Belfast seeking to confirm the date and time of a meeting, 1913 August 14.
Copy of a memorandum outlining the conditions and wages agreed at a meeting between James Connolly and Messrs. G. and J. Burns, Belfast and the issues to be settled at a further meeting on the 28th of August, 1913 August 26.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas Brady about a riot at Foster Place, and proposing how Dublin might print the 'Workers' Republic' and 'The Socialist' and how the Irish Socialist Republican Party might work with a similar party in Scotland, 1903 May 1.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas Brady about the current status of the socialist movement in Ireland and his belief that someone needs to take the lead to improve matters, 1903 May 26.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Thomas Brady enclosing his contribution to "whatever fund is at present on the field for party purposes" and expressing a hope that efforts to re-organise the Irish Socialist Republican Party are being made, 1903 June 2
Letters from James Connolly to various correspondents concerning his dispute with the Socialist Labor Party of the United States of America, 1907.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient protesting formally against the vote in New Jersey that resulted in Connolly's removal from the N.E.C of the Socialist Labor Party, [1907].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William Teichlauf, Secretary of the Investigation Committee [of the Socialist Labor Party] clarifying Connolly's complaint that fair disciplinary procedures were not followed by the Party, 1907.
Partial copy of letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient giving details of Connolly's dispute with Daniel De Leon and the Socialist Labor Party, [1907].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient tendering his resignation as N.E.C. delegate from New Jersey and giving details of his dispute with Daniel De Leon, [1907].
Copy of letter from Thomas Johnson to James Connolly returning Connolly's draft manifesto and explaining a lack of action as being dependent on "signs of organization", 1911 March 6.
Copy of letter from Thomas Johnson to James Connolly seeking Connolly's views on how William Walker is likely to speak about the Labour Party at a Congress, 1911 June 6.
Copy of letter from Marie Johnson to James Connolly about canvassing, losing old members and her possible appointment to a role, 1912 May 27.
Copy of letter from Conal O'Riordan to James Connolly about O'Riordan's efforts to find a publisher for Connolly's 'Labour and the re-conquest of Ireland', 1914 January 28.
Copy of letter from Conal O'Riordan to James Connolly requesting a short autobiography to assist in O'Riordan's efforts to find a publisher [for Connolly's 'Labour and the re-conquest of Ireland'], 1914 Februrary 4.
Copy of letter from Conal O'Riordan to James Connolly acknowledging receipt of Connolly's manuscript and repeating his request for a short autobiography, 1914 February 7.
Copy of letter from Conal O'Riordan to James Connolly informing him that he is sending Connolly's book ['Labour and the re-conquest of Ireland'] to W[illiam] P[atrick] Ryan in an effort to have it published, 1914 May 8.
Copy of letter from Francis Sheehy-Skeffington to James Connolly informing him that he has recommended him as a possible newspaper correspondent from Belfast, 1912 April 10.
Copy of letter from Francis Sheehy-Skeffington to James Connolly asking what progress has been made in drafting rules and other materials and when those drafts will be available, 1912 June 7.
Copy of letter from Francis Sheehy-Skeffington to an unidentifed recipient confirming that he could deliver a lecture in Belfast in November on "Socialists and Home Rule", [undated].
Notebook containing extracts from James Anthony Froude's 'The English in Ireland in the eighteenth century', undated.
Letter [to James Connolly] from Robert Bontine Cunninghame Graham declining an office but stating that he will help anyone else who may be selected, 1894 September 7.
Letter to James Connolly from Robert Bontine Cunninghame Graham to James Connolly thanking him for his letter and writing that they should meet, 1894 September 11.
Letter to James Connolly from W.M. Turnbull in which he states that he is "glad to give a helping hand to those spreading the light", 1900 March 15.
Letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient enclosing details of transport and accommodation packages available to delegates travelling to the International Workers Congress of 1900 in Paris, 1900 July 4.
Postcard to James Connolly from Joseph H [surname unclear] of the Middleton branch of the Independent Labour Party about Connolly's travel to Middleton, 1901 August 1.
Letter to James Connolly from Alexander Muir, President of the Edinburgh Trades Council, congratulating Connolly on being chosen to represent the workers in the Dublin Trades Council, 1901 December 7.
Letter [to James Connolly] from George Paton enclosing postal orders for subscriptions to the 'Workers' Republic', and about [Henry "Harry"] Quelch and the Dewsbury election, 1902 January 29.
Letter to James Connolly from Joseph Edwards asking that Connolly put him in touch with socialist people and publications that Connolly encounters during his upcoming tour in the United States, 1902 August 23.
Letter [to James Connolly] from [signature unclear] thanking him for a remittance and enclosing money for a subscription to the 'Workers' Republic', 1902 October 29.
Letter [to James Connolly] from Frank D. Lyon related to the stock and printing of Connolly's 'Erin's Hope', 1902 November 28.
Letter to James Connolly from Margaret Humes, his cousin, in which she writes that she will send him the money for his fare to the United States, 1903 June 29.
Letter to the Irish Socialist Republican Party from J.B. Armstrong, Secretary of the Edinburgh branch of the Social Democratic Federation, seeking details on James Connolly's resignation [from the Irish Socialist Republican Party], 1903 March 10.
Letter to James Connolly from C. J. Geddes expressing regret that Connolly left the Socialist Labour Party of Great Britain, and about subscriptions to 'The Socialist', and Connolly's dispute with Daniel De Leon, 1904 June 8.
Postcard to James Connolly from L[azarus] Abelson of the Socialist Labor Party of America about Connolly's availability to address open-air meetings within coming days, 1905 November 3.
Letter [to James Connolly] from George Dallas, of the Independent Labour Party, about arranging dates for Connolly to deliver some addreses in the United Kingdom in October, 1910 August 2.
Letter to James Connolly from William Regan, of the Catholic Socialist Society, asking if Connolly would address the Society's members without payment, 1910 September 27.
Partial letter to James Connolly [from Fred Ryan] about a book by Connolly, and the question of Connolly remaining in Ireland, 1910 October 7.
Letter to James Connolly from Frank Pearce, of the International Club, informing Connolly that he has had no requests for lectures by Connolly, 1910 November 4.
Letter to James Connolly from George Dallas, of the Independent Labour Party, expressing pleasure at the news that Connolly might remain in Ireland, and advising him to contact some individuals, 1910 November 22.
Letter [to James Connolly] from William Harrison regarding which socialist party should be represented by a branch in Belfast, undated.
Receipt from Lemon and Company for 1 week's rent [from James Connolly] in the amount of 4 shillings and 6 pence, [189?].
Letter from John Mara's General Printing Office to James Connolly requesting payment to the bearer against a bill for rule books, [190?].
Letter to James Connolly from Alex Pirie and Sons Limited seeking payment of an account overdue since September 1901, 1902 February 11.
Letter to James Connolly from Alex Pirie and Sons Limited requesting payment to the bearer of an account overdue since September 1901, 1902 March.
Letter to James Connolly from Alex Pirie and Sons Limited informing him that if an overdue account is not settled, the firm's solicitors will seek to force payment, 1902 April 17.
Letter to James Connolly from Daniel De Leon seeking a list of trade unionists in Parliament and their party affiliations, 1902 February 3.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from John E. Black about Connolly addressing meetings in Falkirk, 1894 May 25.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Robert Bontine Cunninghame Graham to James Connolly thanking him for his letter and writing that they should meet, 1894 September 11.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Robert Bontine Cunninghame Graham to James Connolly about Graham's possible role as election candidate, 1894 October 3.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Robert Bontine Cunninghame Graham to James Connolly setting out 2 points that must be made clear before he would agree to be an election candidate, 1894 October 5.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Margaret Humes, his cousin, in which she writes that she will send him the money for his fare to the United States, 1903 June 29.
Copy of letter to Lillie Connolly from Margaret Humes, James Connolly's cousin, about the Connolly family relocating to the United States, 1903 June 29.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Dyer Euger enclosing a dues card, and about socialist meetings in Boston and a Fair, 1904 March 8.
Copy of letter to the Manager of 'The Harp' [Nora Connolly O'Brien?] from William H. Brown regarding a subscription to that publication and back issues, 1908 September 28.
Copy of letter to J.E.C. Donnelly from S.A Schwartz seeking copies of "your paper" ['The Harp'?] and James Connolly's 'Socialism Made Plain', 1909 March 17.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from Emsley Robbins regretting that a local meeting cannot be arranged for Connolly on the 29th of December, 1909 December 27.
Partial copy of letter [to James Connolly] from J.W. O'Beirne regarding 'The Harp' and how "no better man in every respect could be got" but James Larkin [to manage 'The Harp' in Dublin], [1909].
Copy of letter to the Manager of 'The Harp' [Nora Connolly O'Brien?] from Peter Hughes requesting the latest issue of 'The Harp' and James Connolly's pamphlet "in reply to the Rev. Father Kane" ['Labour, Nationality and Religion'], 1910 January 12.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from George Dallas inviting Connolly to a "social" in Kilmarknock and to see a play in Glasgow, 1910 September 29.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Dr. J.N. Taylor seeking a copy of Connolly's pamphlet in response to Father Kane ['Labour, Nationality and Religion'], and of 'The Harp', 1910 October 21.
Partial copy of letter [to James Connolly] from Richard James Hoskin asking if would be possible to start an economics class in Dublin, and about the financial viability of Connolly remaining in Ireland, [1910].
Copy of letter to James Connolly from James O'Connor Kessack regretting a delay in responding to a request of Connolly's and informing him of a belief that "the proposal was hopeless", [1910-1911].
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Margaret E. Cousins expressing support for Irish Socialist Republican Party 1911 Dublin municipal elections candidate John McManus, 1911 January 14.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from George D. Parker about meetings and propaganda in Co. Cork, 1911 February 15.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from George D. Parker regarding Connolly's arrival in Cork the following week, 1911 February 22.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from Nathan Rimmer acknowledging receipt of £1 and about Connolly's meetings in Cork, 1911 March 9.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from Wilfrid Whiteley, Secretary of the National Labour Press, informing Connolly that they would not publish his book as Connolly's current terms do not allow for sale or return, 1911 March 13.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Edward Mooney expressing interest in reading a work by William Thompson, as mentioned in Connolly's 'Labour in Irish history', 1911 March 22.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from James P. O'Duffy informing him that he has been elected to "the Committee which was formed to consider the forthcoming visit of the English king to Dublin", 1911 March 25.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from B[ernard] McMahon thanking him for a book, and giving news of a mayoral election and the poor number of Irish socialists in Chicago, 1911 April 5.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from George Boyle confirming arrangements for meetings in Scotland, 1911 May 9.
Copy of letter to an unidentifed recipient from James S. Preston enclosing a note from James Connolly and about arranging a meeting at "the head of the Muir", 1911 May 14.
Copy of letter to an unidentified recipient from Alex Anderson confirming that James Connolly would be welcome to deliver a lecture in Stonehouse on his return from Aberdeen, 1911 May 15.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from Richard James Hoskin informing Connolly that he had given £1 to "Mrs. C.", 1911 May 18.
Copy of 3 letters to James Connolly, from William D. Tait forwarding a note from James Preston, from George Parker giving a quotation, and from J. Strachan regarding Connolly's availability, 1911 March-May.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from William D. Tait enquiring about the charge for Connolly addressing two meetings, and confirming a meeting in Hutchesontown, 1911 May 28.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Richard James Hoskin regarding confusion over letters, Hoskin's payment of £1 "board money" to Lillie Connolly, and whether Connolly received his salary for the previous week, 1911 June 1.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from Matt Usher, Literature Secretary of the Socialist Party of Ireland, enclosing postal order for 2 copies of 'Labour in Irish history', 1911 June 2.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Dan O'Driscoll, United Irish League of Great Britain, confirming bookings for 10 lectures by Connolly, 1911 June 2.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from J.H. Bennett of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union asking if Connolly could attend a meeting that night, 1911 June 27.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from K. M. Shannon ("Maire Devoy") about an invitation, a meeting and pamphlets, 1911 July 16.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Luella Twining expressing interest in "conditions in Ireland" and sympathy for the Irish people, 1911 July 29.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Dan O'Driscoll, United Irish League of Great Britain, regarding lectures by Connolly and the possible impact on them of strikes, 1911 August 3.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from M. Devoy [K.M Shannon] about meetings, pamphlets, the arrest of [Walter] Carpenter and her role as secretary [of the Socialist Party of Ireland] , 1911 August 4.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from John Meacklin, Lit. Sec of the ILP [Independent Labour Party] about the delivery and sale of pamphlets and Connolly's 'Labour in Irish history', 1911 December 20.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Dan O'Driscoll, United Irish League of Great Britain, informing Connolly that he would be welcome to lecture in the area and that O'Driscoll would act as his agent, [1911].
Copy of two letters to James Connolly from Reverend Thomas Hore, parish administrator in Wexford Town, requesting that he call into the Presbytery at 8pm one evening, and agreeing to an interview at 4pm one day [in relation to a labour dispute in the town], 1912 January 2 and 31.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Reverend Thomas Hore, parish administrator in Wexford Town, noting that the clergy will wait on the employers to bring about a settlement [to a labour dispute in the town], 1912 February 1.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Reverend Thomas Hore, parish administrator in Wexford Town, requesting that he send the [Irish Transport and General Workers' Union] Committee to the Presbytery at 5 o'clock that evening, [1912 February 5].
Copy of letter to James Connolly from M. Sullivan enquring about the non-receipt since April 1910 of 'The Harp' despite having renewed a subscription, 1912 February 5.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from R.J. Hoskin regretting that he will not be in Dublin at the time of Connolly's visit to the city, 1912 March 13.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from Matt Usher regarding terms for the sale of pamphlets, 1912 March 28.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from Matt Usher, Literature Secretary of the Socialist Party of Ireland, enclosing a postal order for the sale of 'Labour Nationality and Religion', and about his own performance in the role of Literature Secretary, 1911.
Copy of two letters [to James Connolly] from P. Walsh regarding Walsh's lecturing "for making Socialists" and selling of literature including work by Cynicus [Martin Anderson], cartoons and pictures, 1912 June 11 and August 12.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from Joseph Browne regarding the availability of Miss Savage [of the Irish Textile Workers' Union] to deliver a lecture in Dublin on the 11th of August, and a national programme and code of rules for branches, 1912 July 10.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from J.M. Work requesting copies of Connolly's 'Labour, Nationality and Religion' for consideration for publication by the Socialist Labor Party [of America], 1912 July 15.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from James Flanagan, Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, seeking Connolly's instructions regarding the working of a ship for Heyn [Shipping], 1912 August 26.
Partial copy of letter to James Connolly from Marie Johnson regarding Connolly's "new arrangement" and the employment of Miss [Winifred] Carney [as secretary of the Irish Textile Workers' Union], 1912 September 24.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from George Brennan enclosing details of the benefits and contributions "on the job where I am working", 1912 October 15.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from T.B. Maguire, Literature Secretary of the Independent Labour Party of Ireland, regarding stock of and terms for the sale of pamphlets, 1912.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from Helena Moloney thanking him for the offer of a role but declining it, [1912].
Copy of letter to James Connolly from George Brennan congratulating Connolly on the success of his "hunger strike" and giving news of Brennan's life in Australia, 1913 November 8.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Edward Sheehan in favour of an inquiry into the conduct of police, and regarding "the folly" of [James] Larkin going to America, 1914 January 10.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Robert Williams, National Transport Workers' Federation, enclosing a letter that Williams addressed to James Larkin, and asking Connolly if he can supply any facts, 1914 January 22.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Pierce Charles de Lacy O'Mahony regretting that he cannot help Connolly with an edition of 'Labour in Irish history' but offering £3 if needed, 1914 February 8.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from James Flanagan, Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, about trade union matters in Belfast related to sailors, 1914 March 13.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from P.L. Quinlan regarding "the cheap edition" of Connolly's 'Labour in Irish history', the death of Daniel De Leon, and an article about the "Dublin Strike" in which James Larkin's parentage was questioned, 1914 May 12.
Copy of letter to James Connolly from Ronald J. P. Mortished expressing regret about "the miserable fiasco" but hoping that Connolly will deliver an opening lecture, 1914 August 1.
Copy of letter to Nora [Connolly] from A.P. Reynolds regarding the supply and sale of, and subscriptions to, a publication ['Fianna' magazine?], 1915 June 7.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from George Boyle outlining arrangements for meetings in Scotland, [1911 May 9].
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from J.H. Richards, enclosing payment for 500 copies of a new pamphlet, undated.
Partial copy of letter [from James Connolly] to an unidentified recipient suggesting arranging and advertising a meeting to promote the "establishment of a Socialist Republic in Ireland", undated.
Partial copy of letter between unidentified sender and recipient regarding a meeting at which [Walter] Carpenter and "the parson" were in dispute, and at which Carpenter read from Connolly's 'Labour in Irish history', undated.
Postcard from James Connolly to T. J. O'Brien [Assistant Secretary, Irish Socialist Republican Party] reminding O'Brien to prepare minutes before a meeting that evening, 1897 July 1.
Letter from James Connolly to Daniel O'Brien seeking a loan for £2 so that Connolly may puchase stock to sell, 1899 March 11.
Incomplete letter from an unidentified author to "Comrade [Edward W?] Stewart" about the end of a crisis in "the Party" and agitation in New York city, 1899 October 29.
Letter from James Connolly [to George S. Yates] in reply to Yates' letter about the late arrival of the January issue of 'The Socialist' and the printing of articles over more than one page, [1903 February].
Circular from John J. Lyng and others inviting members to join a Socialist organisation in the United States and to attend its inauguration in March, [1907 January].
Letter from James Connolly to the Secretary of the ISP [Irish Socialist Party] about the formation of a new organisation of Irish socialists in the United States, and requesting a poem ['The artisans garret'] for use in that organisation's inauguration, 1907 January 28.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to the Secretary of the Irish Socialist Party [Owen C. Cullen] resigning from the National Executive Council of the Party and asking it to "refute the slander" of Daniel De Leon's claim that Connolly's United States tour was "in the interest of the "British movement"", 1907 April 29.
Letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient expressing disappointment with a delivery of books, and seeking an Irish correspondent and contributions for a new publication ['The Harp'], 1907 October 3.
Letter from James Connolly to an unnamed recipient expressing regret for having referred to the latter as a contributor the 'The Harp' , 1907 December 26.
Letters and advertisements from James Connolly promoting 'The Harp', for William O'Brien to forward to socialist publications, [1909 November 03].
Letter from James Connolly to R.J. Hoskin thanking him for his assistance, outlining Connolly's recent financial affairs, including an account, and referring to matters in Dublin, Cork and Belfast, 1911 June 14.
Letter from James Connolly [to Edward Lynch?] about a proposition relating to the role of James Connolly at an event in Cork, 1913 April 30.
Letter from James Connolly to James Larkin setting out Connolly's response to Larkin's proposal about sharing responsiblities at the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union during Larkin's absence, 1914 October 9.
Postcard from James Connolly to Dublin Number 3 Branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union acknowledging receipt of a cheque for £100, 1914 October 29].
Letter from James Connolly to Peter Keeley [of the Sligo branch?] of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union informing him that death benefit is not payable to members who died in World War I, 1915 February 25.
Letter from James Connolly to Peter Keeley [of the Sligo branch?] acknowledging receipt of £30 and about advances obtained for workers, 1915 March 5.
Letter from James Connolly to John Bohan, Secretary of Dublin No. 3 Branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, 1915 May 12.
Letter from James Connolly to the Secretary of the Dublin United Trades and Labour Council, seeking money received from England to assist in the payment of strike pay by the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union , [1915].
Letter from James Connolly to John Simmons, Secretary of the Dublin Trades and Labour Council, seeking money subscribed in Great Britain for the Dublin lock-out towards expenses incurred by the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, [1915].
Partial letter from James Connolly to an unidentifed recipient expressing criticism of the way in which a letter by Father Hagerty was printed in the 'Workers' Republic', [1902].
Copy of postcard from James Connolly to P. Kavanagh regarding the collection of unpaid dues, 1896 June 20.
Copy of postcard from James Connolly to T. J. O'Brien, Assistant Secretary, Irish Socialist Republican Party, reminding O'Brien to prepare minutes before a meeting that evening, 1897 July 1.
Copy of letter from James Connolly [to Murtagh Lyng] about the delivery and sale of pamphlets, and possible action in Belfast, [1901].
Partial copy of letter from James Connolly [to Murtagh Lyng] about pamphlets and expressing satisfaction at hearing that meetings are going well, 1901 September 17.
Partial copy of letter from James Connolly [to Thomas J. Lyng] about Connolly's proposed tour in the United States, 1902 May 26.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to the Secretary, Irish Socialist Republican Party, enclosing money for papers and giving details about his tour of the United States, 1902 September 23.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to the Secretary, Irish Socialist Republican Party, about the 'Workers' Republic' and election work in Dublin, 1902 October 29.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to the Secretary of the ISP [Irish Socialist Party] about the formation of a new organisation of Irish socialists in the United States, and requesting a poem ['The artisans garret'] for use in that organisation's inauguration, 1907 January 28.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to an unidentified recipient expressing disappointment with a delivery of books, and seeking an Irish correspondent and contributions for a new publication ['The Harp'], 1907 October 3.
Partial copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien expressing a desire to move back to Ireland, hoping that O'Brien can "get that job for me" but recognising the financial costs of moving with his family, 1909 May 24.
Partial copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien and others, thanking them for their efforts to get Connolly a position in Ireland, expressing his disappointment at that failure, and outlining his ideas for trade unionism in Ireland, 1909 July 5.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to J.W. O'Beirne, manager of the 'Irish Nation', providing content for the January [1908?] issue of 'The Harp' and making arrangements for its printing since he has "resolved to give up the contract", [1909] December 1.
Copy of letter [to James Connolly] from E.D. Northrup requesting copies of 'The Harp' and suggesting that Connolly ship the publication from Dublin, 1909 December 2.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to R.J. Hoskin thanking him for his assistance, outlining Connolly's recent financial affairs, including an account, and referring to matters in Dublin, Cork and Belfast, 1911 June 14.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Edward Lynch about differences within the socialist movements in the United States, the United Kingdom and Ireland, what syndicalism is, and enclosing a manifesto, 1912 May 23.
Copy of letter from James Connolly [to Edward Lynch?] about a proposition relating to the role of James Connolly at an event in Cork, 1913 April 30.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to James Larkin expressing frustration related to expenditure in the Insurance section [of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union] and inviting Larkin to have someone re-organise it, 1913 July 15.
Letter from James Connolly to Michael McKeown, Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, seeking information about Francis McCartney for an insurance claim, 1914 May 22.
Letter from James Connolly to Michael McKeown, Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, related to the accounts of the Insurance Section, 1914 May 27.
Letter from James Connolly to John Bohan [Secretary of Dublin No. 3 branch] of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union requesting the agreed transfer of monies from the High Street branch to the General Fund, 1914 October 26.
Copy of an address from the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union to Constance Markievicz, written by James Connolly, [1914].
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Peter Keeley [of the Sligo branch?] acknowledging receipt of £30 and about advances obtained for workers, 1915 March 5.
Letter from James Connolly [to John Bohan, Secretary of Dublin No. 3 branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union] informing that as of the first Saturday in April 1915 the subscription to the ITGWU will be 4 pence per week, 1915 March 16.
Letter from James Connolly to [John Bohan] Secretary of Dublin No. 3 branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, requesting the appointment of delegates to the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union conference to be held on the 24th of May 1915, 1915 May 7.
Letter from James Connolly to the Secretary of the Sligo branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union [John Lynch?] requesting immediate payment of a sum equal to half the branch's recent balance, 1915 July 5.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to John Simmons, Secretary of the Dublin Trades and Labour Council, seeking money subscribed in Great Britain for the Dublin lock-out towards expenses incurred by the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, 1915 August 29.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to Arthur McManus declining an invitation to attend an anti-conscription meeting in Glasgow, 1915 November 23.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to the Secretary of the Dublin United Trades and Labour Council, seeking money received from England to assist in the payment of strike pay by the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union , [1915].
Letter from James Connolly to Austin Stack expressing a belief that no military body other than the [Irish] Volunteers was required in "a town the size of Tralee", undated.
Letters from Thomas J. O'Brien to his relatives, giving an account of his life and travels, 1901-1925.
Copies of letters from Thomas J. O'Brien to his relatives giving an account of his life and travels, and telegram seeking to trace O'Brien's family following his death, 1901-1928.
Letter from John Leslie to William O'Brien agreeing to provide information [about James Connolly's life], 1916 October 19.
Copy of letter from John Leslie to William O'Brien agreeing to provide information [about James Connolly's life], 1916 October 19.
Letter from John Leslie to William O'Brien providing details about James Connolly's life, 1916 November 1
Copy of letter from John Leslie to William O'Brien providing details about James Connolly's life, 1916 November 1
Notes by William O'Brien of a statement from James Kealan regarding the family of James Connolly in County Monaghan, undated.
Letter from M. MacCarvill to E.J. [Quigley] advising that James Connolly's origins in County Monaghan are not known, 1941 February 21.
Letter from M. MacCarvill to a Mr. Laverty advising that James Connolly's origins in County Monaghan are not known, 1941 February 21.
Letter from E.J. Quigley to a Mr. Laverty advising that James Connolly's name cannot be found in parish registers, 1942 February 26.
Letter from John J. Lyng to William O'Brien recommending that O'Brien not engage in public discussion around James Connolly's place of birth, 1951 May 23.
Notes by William O'Brien of statements by Mark Deering and John Mulray regarding the birthplace of James Connolly, Nov-Dec 1951.
Letter from the Registrar General's Office of Scotland requesting payment of three shillings in order to obtain a birth certificate for James Connolly, 1956 August 31.
Letter from William O'Brien to "Jack" about the discovery that [James] "Connolly was born in Edinburgh", 1957 January 31.
Partial letter from William O'Brien to an unidentified recipient about James Connolly and the 1903 split in the Irish Socialist Republican Party, undated.
Notes by William O'Brien regarding James Connolly's birth, marriage, children, parents and siblings, and British Army career, undated.
Letter from J.J. McElligott, Governor of the Central Bank of Ireland, to William O'Brien, giving details of his meeting with Jawaharlal Nehru, Prime Minister of India, regarding articles about British rule in India as written by James Connolly, 1958 October 13.
Letter from J.J. McElligott, Governor of the Central Bank of Ireland, to William O'Brien, enclosing a letter from Jawaharlal Nehru, Prime Minister of India, acknowledging receipt of articles about British rule in India as written by James Connolly, 1958 November 4.
Account by William O'Brien titled 'Pandit Nehru, Prime Minister of India, and James Connolly', undated.
Letter from Fintan Kennedy, Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, to William O'Brien returning documents and thanking O'Brien for material about James Connolly's service with the British Army in India, 1959 March 16.
Newscutting from 'The Plebs' magazine of an article "James Connolly: Ireland's Trotsky" by John Carson-Tozer, 1941 May.
Newscutting from 'The Plebs' magazine of a letter from Jack Carney, refuting facts presented in an article ["James Connolly: Ireland's Trotsky" by John Carson-Tozer], 1941 June.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to the editor of 'The Plebs' magazine, refuting Jack Carney's corrections to an article ["James Connolly: Ireland's Trotsky" by John Carson-Tozer], 1941 December 18.
Partial copies of 3 issues of 'The Plebs' magazine containing correspondence relating to Jack Carney's corrections to an article ["James Connolly: Ireland's Trotsky" by John Carson-Tozer], 1942 Feb, Mar & June.
Letter from Jack Carney to William O'Brien replying to his letter as published in the February 1942 issue of 'The Plebs' magazine and refuting the facts he submitted, 1942 February.
Assortment of newspaper cuttings related to James Connolly, including articles, letters, book reviews and transcripts of broadcasts, with envelopes and notes by William O'Brien, 1902-1961.
Assortment of newspaper cuttings related to James Connolly, including articles, letters, book reviews, and writings by Connolly himself, with envelopes and notes by William O'Brien, 1897-1955.
Copy of a newpaper cutting from the 'Weekly People' in which James and Lillie Connolly thank friends for condolences received upon the death of their daughter, Mona, 1903 September 3.
Copies of pieces from the 'Edinburgh Evening News' regarding municipal elections in Edinburgh in 1894 in which James Connolly was a candidate in the St. Giles Ward, 1894 October 26-November 7.
Copy of a piece by John Leslie in 'Justice' in praise of James Connolly and seeking a role for Connolly so that he may avoid emigrating to Chile, 1895 December 14.
Copy of a report by Robert Allen in 'Justice' of a meeting to honour James Connolly as he left Edinburgh for Dublin, 1896 May 30.
Copy of "The Sinn Fein revolt in Dublin" by H. M. Hyndman, as published in 'Justice', 1916 December 4.
Assorted notes by William O'Brien related to James Connolly's birthplace, family, life, British Army career, election experiences, migrations, lecture tours, organisations, disappearance in 1916 and treatment as a prisoner, undated.
Notes by William O'Brien about James Connolly's family, mainly as related to O'Brien by Lillie Connolly in 1934, 1936 January 29.
Notes by William O'Brien of an outline for a book about James Connolly covering the period 1896-1916, undated.
Letter from Boris Kahan, Secretary of the East London Jewish Branch of the Social Democratic Federation, enclosing a bill for an order of manifestos, with an explanatory note by William O'Brien, [1902 January].
Letter from John Simmons to William O'Brien in response to the latter's letter regarding James Connolly seeking information in the United States, 1902 August 29.
Draft of a letter from William O'Brien [to James Connolly] informing him that the role of editor and manager of the 'Dublin Trade and Labour Journal' is being advertised, 1909 May 18.
Draft of a letter from William O'Brien for Thomas J.Lyng applying, on behalf of James Connolly, for the role of editor and manager of the 'Dublin Trade and Labour Journal', 1909 May 18.
Letter from William O'Brien to James Connolly informing him that Connolly's application for the role of editor and manager of the 'Dublin Trade and Labour Journal' was unsuccessful, 1909 May 25.
Telegram from "Wardell" to James Larkin reading "Sorry, missed tram. See you tomorrow about two sure. Wardell", 1916 January 20.
Telegram from "George" to [Thomas] Foran reading "Bob no better. Sending nine cards as requested", 1916 January 22.
Letter from Fred Douglas to R. Stewart forwarding a letter from George Berry about James Connolly, and about Berry's request for a publication, [1936] July 30.
Copy of letter from William O'Brien to Bulmer Hobson seeking information about the January 1916 disappearance of James Connolly, 1944 March 22.
Letter from Bulmer Hobson to William O'Brien confirming that James Connolly was kidnapped in January 1916 by a section of the Irish Republican Brotherhood, 1944 March 22.
Copy of letter [from William O'Brien] to Bulmer Hobson regarding the January 1916 disappearance of James Connolly, 1944 March 29.
Letter from Bulmer Hobson to William O'Brien suggesting that George Lyons may know more about the January 1916 kidnapping of James Connolly, 1944 March 31.
Copy of letter [from William O'Brien] to Bulmer Hobson confirming that he will speak with George Lyons regarding the January 1916 kidnapping of James Connolly, 1944 April 1.
Assortment of newscuttings of letters to the editor of the 'Irish Press' related to the January 1916 kidnapping of James Connolly, 1937 Jan-Feb.
Letter from Colm Ó Lochlainn to William O'Brien enclosing a review of James Connolly's 'A Socialist and War' and wondering if they should print it, 1959 February 13.
Receipt for an international money order for £1 [from James Connolly], payable in Dublin, 1904 February 6.
Incomplete account by [William] McMullan of James Connolly and his work in Belfast from 1910, undated.
Transcript of an Irish Folklore Commission recording on James Connolly by William O'Brien, 1915 December 4.
Letter from Liam O'Briain to William O'Brien regarding the [January 1916] "arrest" of James Connolly by the Irish Republican Brotherhood, 1926 October 26.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Ireland For The Irish' that appeared in the newspaper 'Labour Leader', 1896 Oct. 10 - 24.
Typescript copy of article entitled 'Can Irish Republicans Be Politicians' that appeared in 'Shan Van Vocht', 1896 Nov.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Socialism and Nationalism' that appeared in 'Shan Van Vocht', 1897 Jan.
Typescript copy of article by the Irish Socialist Republican Party entitled 'An Appeal to the Working-Class Irish of America', 1897 Sept.15.
Typescript copy of document relating to the Irish Socialist Republican Party and their objectives, programme and principles, [1898?].
Typescript copy of poster entitled 'The Royal Visit To The Citizens of Dublin' inviting the citizens of Dublin to attend a peaceful demonstration against the visit of Queen Victoria, [1900?].
Typescript copy of article by Bruce Glasier entitled 'Ireland A Nation' describing his views on the country after a visit "in the subdued spirit and circumspect deportment of a Fabian lecturer", 1900 Mar.
Typescript copies of article by James Connolly entitled 'Socialism And Irish Nationalism' which focuses on the overlooked economic side of the situation in the public life of Ireland rather than "the struggle for political emancipation", 1901 May.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Coronation of King Edward VII. 1902' of which he describes as an event "designed to captivate the imagination of the unthinking multitude", 1902.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly and "Michael T. Berry" entitled 'Are we at Bulgaria or Italy?' that appeared in socialist newspaper 'The People', 1904 Dec. 31.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Wages - and Other Things' in which he sets down some of the reasons why he considers "the S.L.P. of the United States the clearest and most revolutionary of the Socialist parties in the world to-day", 1904 Jun.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Wages, Marriages and the Church' that appeared in socialist newspaper 'The People', 1904 Apr. 9.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled "As to Race and Language Organisations', 1907 Mar. 2.
Typescript copy of article by William Walker entitled 'Rebel Ireland and its Protestant Leaders' containing three sections, 1911 June 3.
Typescript copy of article by William Walker entitled 'Socialism and Internationalism' responding to James Connolly's article the previous week, 1911.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'A Socialist symposium on Internationalism and some other things', 1911 July 11.
Typescript copy of article by William Walker entitled 'A Socialist symposium and An Evasion' in response to James Connolly's article the previous week, 1911 July 8.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Maynooth Union and the Labour Movement' which makes reference to another article called 'Strikes', 1912 July 6.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Message to British Workers' calling on them to show solidarity with their Irish counterparts, 1913 Nov. 14.
Typescript copy of article by James Larkin and James Connolly entitled 'The "Scabbing" at Dublin', 1913 Dec. 31.
Typescript copy of document by Thomas McPartlin and John Good entitled 'Statement of Workers' Representatives' regarding the position of the workers in relation to the "Dublin Dispute', 1913 Dec. 20.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Address to the Delegates' from 'The Irish Worker' in which he lauds the heroes and heroines of the 1913 Lockout and castigates Irish journalists for being "unscrupulous" and "evil-minded", 1914 May 30.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Our Rulers as a Study' which takes a look at the ruling classes and "the continually accumulating evidences of the unscrupulous methods" by which they "strive to ensure a continuance of their ruling", 1915 Jan. 16.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Why the Citizen Army honours Rossa' discussing the tribute paid to Jeremiah O'Donovan Rossa by the Irish Citizen Army, 1915 Jul.
Typescript copy of "Introduction to "Songs of Freedom" edited by James Connolly and published in New York, U.S.A., in 1907", with copy of the introduction to book by Connolly, undated.
Typescript copies of articles from 'The Irish Worker', probably all by James Connolly, 1912 July - 1915 January.
Typescript copy of article by [James Connolly?] entitled 'Wonder of Wonders. The London "Times" tells the truth"' from 'The Irish Worker', 1913 Oct. 11.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Why not let the bosses appoint our Trade Union officials?' from 'The Irish Worker', 1913 Oct. 18.
Typescript copy of article by [James Connolly?] entitled 'The Individual Liberty of The Bosses' from 'The Irish Worker', 1913 Oct. 25.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Importation v. Deportation' from 'The Irish Worker' urging the workers to rally on Nov. 10 and attend "a Mass Picket outside the doors or gates of their former employment", 1913 Nov. 8.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Irish Rebels and English Mobs' from 'The Irish Worker' talking about a gathering in Manchester and the changing attitudes of the working class in that city towards "Irish rebels" since an incident that occurred 46 years before, 1913 Nov. 22.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Capitalist Dove of Peace' from 'The Irish Worker', 1913 Dec. 6.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Arms and the Man' from 'The Irish Worker' describing what happened when the I.T.G.W.U. "proposed to organise and drill a Citizen Army of its own", 1913 Dec. 13.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'To the Working Class of Dublin' from 'The Irish Worker', 1913 Dec. 13.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Home Thrusts' from the 'Irish Worker' recounting the happenings at the Labour Conference that took place in London that week, 1913 Dec. 13.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'A Fiery Cross or Christmas Bells' from 'The Irish Worker', 1913 Dec.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'The "Scabbing" at Dublin', a joint manifesto by James Larkin and James Connolly, 1913 Dec. 31.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Home Thrusts by Spailpín' from 'The Irish Worker' in which he defends Jim Larkin's mooted fundraising trip to America, 1914 Jan. 14.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'The Labour and the proposed partition of Ireland' from 'The Irish Worker' discussing the recent proposals regarding the settlement of the Home Rule question, 1914 Mar. 14.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'The Head Line' from 'The Irish Worker' which refers to a letter he received from William Barnes of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, 1914 Mar. 14.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'The Outrages at Jacob's' in which he expounds on the behaviour of Jacob's manager towards the girls who applied to him for re-employment after the 1913 Lockout was resolved, 1914.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Ireland upon the Dissecting Table' in which he appeals to the public to protest "against the proposal to allow the unity of Ireland to be placed at the mercy of the voters in a small part of Ireland", 1914 Apr. 18.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'America and Europe' in which he talks about how certain British and Irish press agencies have been telling the public "that In the United States public opinion is practically unanimous on the side of Great Britain and her allies", 1914 Aug. 22.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'The War upon the German Nation' in which he expresses his opinions on John Redmond's policy of sending Irish troops to Gernany in order to show that Ireland "was as one with the empire in this struggle", 1914 Aug. 29.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Recruiting - Let the Wastrels Go' in which he discusses and denounces the tactics employed by diaboligal agencies in order "to coax, coerce, or seduce Irishmen to enlist to fight the battles of the Empire", 1914 Sept. 5.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'The Friends of Small Nationalists' from 'The Irish Worker', 1914 Sept. 18.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Ruling by Fooling' in which he gives his thoughts on "the Great Debate on Home Rule", 1914 Sept. 14.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Some Perverted Battle Lines' from 'The Irish Worker' in which he express his disillusion at how the ruling classes in the countries of the Triple Alliance have appropriated "every phrase and rallying cry that their political opponents have coined against them", 1914 Sept. 26.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Redmond Cannot Deilver the Goods' from 'The Irish Workers', 1914 Oct. 3.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'A Forward Policy for Volunteers' from 'The Irish Worker' in which he outlines his proposal for a "Forward" policy in relation the Irish Volunteers, 1914 Oct. 10.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'How England Sacrificed Belgium' from 'The Irish Worker' commenting on England's admirable fight for the neutrality of Belgium, 1914 Oct. 17.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'The Ballot of the Barricades' from 'The Irish Worker', 1914 Oct. 24.
Typescript copy of article by [James Connolly?] entitled 'What Africanders Owe the Empire' which focuses on the Boer's relationship with the British Empire, 1914 Nov. 7.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Rally for Labour' from 'The Irish Worker' in which he muses on the state of things for the ordinary worker now that the initial fever of the war is practically over and how the rich are taking advantage of the situation to increase their profits, 1914 Nov. 14.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'The Hope of Ireland' from 'The Irish Worker' in which states the view that the working class are still "the anchor and foundation of any real nationalism that this country can show", 1914 Oct. 31.
Typescript copy of article by [James Connolly?] entitled 'Courtsmartial and Revolution' which discusses the British goverment's proposal to bring in legislation called the "Defence of the Realm Consolidation Act", 1914 Dec. 19.
Typescript copy of article by [James Connolly?] entitled 'Casualties' in which talks about the war and 1913 Lockout, 1915 Jan. 2.
Typescript copy of article by James Connolly entitled 'Can Warfare Be Civilised' in which he holds that "war is a relic of barbarism only possible because we are governed by a ruling class with barbaric ideas", 1915 Jan. 30.
Documents relating to a play by James Connolly 'Under which flag?', produced in Liberty Hall, March 1916, 1916 & 1969.
Programme for the Abbey Theatre production of 'Under Which Flag?' by James Connolly in Liberty Hall, Dublin, 1969 May 13.
Envelope with details of James Connolly's play 'Under Which Flag' produced in Liberty Hall on March 26 1916, 1916.
Letter from Percy Friedberg to James Connolly in which he encloses payment relating to the renewal of his subscription for a quarter for 'The 'Weekly People' and to notify him in future about it and also regarding 'The Workers' Republic', 1901 Jun. 17.
Letter from Percy Friedberg to James Connolly in which he encloses payment for subscription renewal of 'The Workers' Republic' and 'The Weekly People', 1901 Sept. 3.
Letter from Percy Friedberg to James Connolly saying that he "succeeded in inducing the Finsbury Park branch to take a dozen Workers' Republic per month", 1901 Oct. 21.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly saying he was delighted to see "his staunch manifesto on that course of systematic treachery on the part of the S.L.P. which culminated in the Smillie outrage", 1901 11 Nov..
Letter from Percy Friedberg to James Connolly saying he was pleased with the November issue of 'The Workers' Republic' and believes it will help the "No Compromise" propaganda considerably, 1901 Dec. 16.
Letter from Percy Friedberg to James Connolly talking about the Dublin results and is uncertain as to whther they are good or bad, 1902 Jan. 24.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly in which he encloses a donation of £1 "to help the Workers' Republic Fund" but is regretful that he cannot afford to give any more at the present, 1902 Mar. 4.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly asking if his letter has arrived as he is anxious to know "whether some post office clerk or other minion of oppression is squandering my hard earned savings on Porter & Pigsfeet", 1902 Mar. 11.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to James Connolly saying that he has appended of a letter that was sent "as a general protest against the Unity fakes", 1902 Mar. 16.
Letter from John Carstairs Matheson to unidentified recipient saying that he will try and get hold of a copy of the Finsbury Park Branch statement for him and has written to Percy Friedberg "asking him to send one or two", 1902 Sept. 9.
Letter from unidentified cousin to Lillie Connolly talking about her husbands imminent trip to America to get work and hopes that he gets something close to Troy where her cousin lives, undated.
Letter from K.M. Shannon to Lillie Connolly relating to James Connolly incarceration in Mountjoy Prison and plans to protest outside the prison to secure his release, 1913 Sept. 11.
Copies of statement by Nora Connolly regarding the final meeting with her father before his execution signed by herself and her mother Lillie Connolly, 1916.
Letter from Nora Connolly to Thomas Foran of the I.T.G.W.U. in which she presents her objection to the proposal regarding the offer of financial assistance from the union to the Connolly family, 1920 Aug. 20.
Letter from Lillie Connolly to Thomas Foran saying that she cannot accept the bounty and "would be acting contrary to his wishes" of her husband after being by her daughter Nora of the I.T.G.W.U.'s intentions, 1920 Aug. 10.
Census of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union's membership, with lists of officers for some branches, notices and correspondence, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Bantry branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918, 1918.
Notice from the corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Ballinasloe branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918, 1918.
Notice from Martin Ashe, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Ballinrobe branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Carlow branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918, 1918.
Notice from the corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Harness Makers branch regarding entrance fee rates, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Glenmore branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from the corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to Laurence McDermott, Secretary of the Glenfarne branch, asking him to furnish the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Finglas branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the "Dempsey" branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918
Notice from C. Gildea, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Tobercurry branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Listowel branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Kenmare branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Kildare branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Kilkenny branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Kilmore branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Killala branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Killrossanty branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Kilmacow branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Kilmacthomas branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J. O'Callaghan, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Ballincollig branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, [1918?].
Manuscript note with details of Aghada branch Cork of the I.T.G.W.U. giving the names of the secretary and the chairman, 1918.
Notice from J. Dwyer, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Tuam branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Carrick-on-Shannon branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Portlaw branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Piltown branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Passage branch in Cork asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from [J.J. Hughes?], corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Newcastle West branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from M. McEvoy, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Maryboro' branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Longford branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from John Cogan, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the [Ballinasloe?] branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Knockboy branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Kilmallock branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Manuscript note from P. [Pradley?] to unidentified recipient with details relating to committee members of an unspecified branch [Co. Cork?], [1918?].
Notice from unidentified corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Barntown branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Roscrea branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Tralee branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Tullamore branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Sligo branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Bray branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Geevagh branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Lorrha branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Clarina branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Skibbereen branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Maugherow branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Manorhamilton branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Letter from Rathfarnham branch to J.J. Hughes, Corresponding Secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., informing him that they held their general meeting on 6th January, 1918 Jan. 9.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Killarney branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Killorglin branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Lusk branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Rathfarnham branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Clane branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Ballisodare branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Tramwaymen Cork branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Dungarvan branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Edenderry branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Corporation Employers branch in Cork asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Builders Labourers branch in Cork asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Blarney branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Blanchardstown branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918. Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Bandon branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Belmont branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Belfast branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Ballyshannon branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Turraun branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Wexford branch, asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Arklow branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jan. 31.
Notice from the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union regarding the nominees for the chairman of Banniss Hall branch, 1918 Feb. 4.
Notice from the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union which gives the names of the officials and committee members of the Waterford branch, 1918 Feb. 5.
Letter from the secretary of the Shandon Street branch of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union in Cork regarding the number of officials and committee members, 1918 Feb. 9.
Notice from James Sinnott, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Oylegate branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Mar. 4.
Notice from the Sandyford branch of the I.T.G.W.U. providing a list of the officials and committee members, 1918 Mar. 3.
Letter from Seán Collins of the Bagenalstown branch of the I.T.G.W.U. regarding a meeting held "for the purpose of electing a working Committee to conduct the business of the newly formed branch", 1918 Mar. 31.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Youghal branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 May 7.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Crossmolina branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 May 7.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Buttevant branch in Co. Cork asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 May 7.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Maynooth branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 May 7.
Letter from the secretary of the I.T.G.W.U. branch in Balbriggan which gives a list of the names of the committee of the Balbriggan branch, 1918 Jun. 2.
Notice from Jack Granaghan, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Ballyshannon branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Jun. 30.
Notice from the secretary of the Arklow branch of the I.T.G.W.U. giving the names of the officers elected for the coming half year, 1918 Jul. 16.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Stoneyford branch on Co. Kilkenny asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 8.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Kilrush branch in Co. Clare asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 8.
Notice from corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Foynes branch in Co. Limerick asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 8.
Notice from corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Portumna branch in Co. Galway asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 8.
Letter from Patrick Funchion, secretary of the I.T.G.W.U. branch in Callan, Co. Kilkenny providing a list of the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 20.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Stradbally, Co. Laois branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 22.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Dunmore, Co. Galway branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 22.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Oldcastle, Co. Meath branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Knocktopher, Co. Kilkenny branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 22.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Castlecomer, Co. Kilkenny branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 22.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Slane, Co. Meath branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 22.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Claremorris, Co. Mayo branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 22.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Gowran, Co. Kilkenny branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 22.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Ballyneale, Co. Tipperary branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 22.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Delgany, Co. Wicklow branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 22.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Deansgrange, Co. Dublin branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 22.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Askeaton, Co. Limerick branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 22.
Letter from the secretary of the I.T.G.W.U. branch based in Cloghroe, Co. Cork providing the names of the officers and committee members, 1918 Sept. 3.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Castledermot, Co. Kildare branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Aug. 19.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Granard branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Sept. 26.
Notice from J.J. Hughes, corresponding secretary of the I.T.G.W.U., to the Drogheda, Co. Louth branch asking them to furnish him with the names of the officers and committee for 1918 as well as the total number of members in touch with the branch, 1918 Oct. 31.
Letter from David Roche, secretary from the I.T.G.W.U. branch in Cahir, Co. Tipperary to the head office at Liberty Hall sending a list of the names of the committee, 1918 Nov.
Letter from Michael McPhillips, secretary of the I.T.G.W.U. branch based in Ballaghadereen, Co. Roscommon, to the head office in Liberty Hall, Dublin providing a list of names of the chairman, the secretary and the provisional committee, 1918 Nov. 25.
List of branches that have been formed since June 30th 1918 and gives the number as 122 up to the time of writing, 1918.
List of branches from which no census returns have been received and ones that have subsequently been completed are crossed out, 1918.
List giving an estimate of all the I.T.G.W.U. members working in employment under the banner of transport such as those working in the docks, railway, canals, carters, trams and others, 1918.
List giving an estimate of all the I.T.G.W.U. members working in employment under the banner of food and fuel such as those working in agriculture, creameries, butchers, breweries, turf and coal and other related sectors, 1918.
List giving an estimate of all the I.T.G.W.U. members working in employment under the banner of food and fuel such as those working in building, brickyards, textiles, laundries, tradesmen and other related sectors, 1918.
List giving an estimate of all the I.T.G.W.U. members working in employment under the banner of miscellaneous such as those working clerks, shop assistants, agents, theatres and public bodies, 1918.
Letter from Maurice Neligan, secretary of the Listowel, Co. Kerry branch of the I.T.G.W.U. addressed to J.J. Hughes, General Secretary of the I.T.G.W.U. in regard to officer appointments for the year of 1918, Jan. 9 1919.
'Irish Transport and General Workers' Union Annual Report for 1918'; Issued by authority of Executive Committee, 1918.
Census of membership forms for branches of the I.T.G.W.U. consisting of forms that were returned and completed starting with Arklow and ending with Youghal and are compiled in alphabetical order, 1918.
List of I.T.G.W.U. branches giving the numbers of their membership working in employment under the category of industries such as building, textile, munitions and other sectors, 1918.
List of I.T.G.W.U. branches giving the numbers of their membership working in employment under the category of industries such as agriculture, bakeries, hotel, fishing and other related sectors, 1918.
List of I.T.G.W.U. branches giving the numbers of their membership working in employment under the category of transport in the docks, on the canals, trains plus others, 1918.
List of I.T.G.W.U. branches giving the numbers of their membership working in employment under the category of miscellaneous in jobs such as clerks, shop assistants, agents, theatre and public bodies, 1918.
Notes by William O'Brien, and copy-letters from English trade union leaders, concerning the Irish anti-conscription campaign of 1918, 1918.
Notes by William O'Brien relating to the anti-conscription campaign of 1918 describing "our proposals", 1918.
Notes by William O'Brien relating to the anti-conscription campaign of 1918 in which he describes proposals set out in the Mansion House Conferenece that took place earlier in April of that year, 1918 24 Jun.
Notes by William O'Brien relating to the Mansion House Conference and discusses other meetings and upcoming events such as the 1918 Irish General Election, 1918 Nov. 20.
Copy-letters from English trade union leaders in relation to the anti-conscription campaign of 1918 addessed to the labour representatives whom attended the Mansion House Conference in 1918, 1918 May 6-8.
Letter from Caroline Margaret Douglas, Marchioness of Queensberry (better known by her pen name Sister Caroline) to the 'Workers' Republic' saying that she is "against the taking of life to gain anything on earth" as it is ultimately murder, undated.
Letter from Caroline Margaret Douglas, Marchioness of Queensberry (better known by her pen name Sister Caroline) to the 'Workers' Republic' thanking them for sending the papers to her and says she is too ill to write much and mentions the Boer War and its effect on the British Nation, undated.
Note from Caroline Margaret Douglas, Marchioness of Queensberry (better known by her pen name Sister Caroline) to the 'Workers' Republic' in which she argues that it is preferable to "hold for the truth without breaking the laws of a country", undated.
Letter from Caroline Margaret Douglas, Marchioness of Queensberry (better known by her pen name Sister Caroline) to the 'Workers' Republic' saying that she has not received her paper and hopes it has not failed again, undated.
Letter from Caroline Margaret Douglas, Marchioness of Queensberry (better known by her pen name Sister Caroline) to the 'Workers' Republic' in which she prays that god may "bless and guide for all and save you from breaking our father's law", undated.
Letter from Caroline Margaret Douglas, Marchioness of Queensberry (better known by her pen name Sister Caroline) to the 'Workers' Republic' in which she sympathises over their troubles and wonders why "someone who understands law is not appointed for papers such as yours" , 1900 Jun. 15.
Note from Caroline Margaret Douglas, Marchioness of Queensberry (better known by her pen name Sister Caroline) to the editor of the 'Workers' Republic' saying "they are all in the sight of the all just God murderers", 1900 Jun. 9.
Letter from Caroline Margaret Douglas, Marchioness of Queensberry (better known by her pen name Sister Caroline) to the 'Workers' Republic' saying that she has "nothing to do with anarchy or disorder of any kind", 1901 Oct. 25.
Postcard from the 'Daily People' to the 'Workers' Republic' asking them to send on the peridiocal to Patrick Costello of Ambler, Pennsylvania for one year, 1902.
Postcard from [Charles Spark?] asking the 'Irish Workers' Republic' to note his change of address and in an additional note that he has "received former issues o.k. but one", 1903 Mar. 2.
Postcard from the 'Daily People' to the 'Workers' Republic' asking them to be charged with 50 cent for 1 year's subscription to the periodical from J.U. Billings of Grand Junction, [Colorado?], U.S.A., 1903 Mar. 7.
Circular containing contents of lecture entitled "Labour in South India" by Dr. Gilbert Slater alluding to the geographical conditions, the social structure, the Indian government and other factors, 1924 Aug. 25.
Circular containing contents of lecture entitled 'The Scottish Trade Union Movement' delivered by William Elger, Gen. Sec. of the Scottish Trade Union Congress, giving a list of 10 items such as population, general history, development of trade unionism in 19th century, 1924 Aug. 25.
Circular containing contents of lecture entitled 'The Trade Union Movement in Czechoslovakia' delivered by Jaroslav Koudelka with four subject headings including the introduction, the new state, socialism and trade unionism, 1924 Aug. 26.
Circular showing the contents of a lecture entitled 'The Labour Movement' given by Thomas Johnson with subject headings such as trade union development, effect of world war amongst others, 1924 Aug. 24.
Circular containing contents of lecture entitled 'The British Trade Union Movement and Political Activity' by Rennie Smith including subjects such as the state until 1832 and the struggle for political reform, 1924 Aug. 27.
Circular containing contents of lecture entitled 'The British Trade Union Movement and Education' by Rennie Smith exploring such topics as the development of the ducational system for children and the present position of the elementary schools as well as others, 1924 Aug. 27.
Circular showing the contents of a lecture given by Maria Hodann entitled 'The German Youth Movement' looking at its significance and the causes of its development amongst other things, 1924 Aug. 28.
Circular showing the contents of a lecture by Rennie Smith entitled 'The I.F.T.U. : Education and the future' looking at the survey of studies undertaken and the rise of international workers' education amongst other things, 1924 Aug. 29.
Program of lectures for the second week held by the I.F.T.U. at the summer school at Oxford that took place between August 25th to 30th, 1924, 1924 Aug. 30.
Letter from Thomas Johnson to unidentified author saying that he has finally written to the chairman and formally tendered his resignation so that his action may be discussed in the Dáil, 1925 Jul. 16.
Letter from Thomas Johnson to [William O'Brien?] relating to his resignation from the office of secretary, 1925 Jul. 5.
Notice by Thomas Johnson writing to members of the National Executive of the Labour Party regarding his intention to step down as leader of the party but has decided to retain his seat as deputy, 1925 Jul. 5.
Letter from unidentified author to Thomas Johnson filling him in about the coal, the Metropole Picture House and the Shannon Scheme disputes, 1925 Oct. 2.
Newscuttings from the 'Irish Times' and the 'Irish Man' and includes an artiicle on Thomas Johnson and his career, 1927 Aug. - 1 Apr. 1960
Documents and newspaper cuttings pertaining to Labour Day, including the minutes of the Labour Day Committee in Dublin (1909), 1908-1915.
Notice to the trade and labour organisations of the city and and county of Dublin regarding the Labour Day demonstration taking place in May 1908, 1908 Mar. 20.
Notice entitled 'Labour Day Demonstration 1909' and outlines the resolutions and changes that the organisers would like to see be put into effect, 1909.
Notice from the Dublin United Trades Council and Labour League informing the officers and members of the date of the annual celebration of Labour day, 1911 Apr.
Notice entitled 'Labour Day Demonstration, 1911. Resolutions' in which all the improvements sought by the organisers are laid out with seven in total, 1911.
Notice entitled 'Labour Day Demonstration, 1913' for the workers and one of the resolutions outlined seeks to "affirm the right of every human being to work and live", 1913.
Notice entitled 'Labour Day Demonstration, 31st May, 1914' from the Dublin Trades and Labour Council informing their officers and members of the date and location of this year's celebration, 1914 May 31.
Notice entitled 'Labour Day, Demonstration, 1914' setting out the resolutions and "extends fraternal greetings to the workers of every country who are striving for the emancipation of their class", 1914.
Notice entitled 'Labour Day Demonstration, 30th May, 1915' and advises due to the uncertainty of all that is going on that efforts should be made to consolidate forces in order to defend any attacks made on their respective organisations, 1915 May 30.
Newcuttings relating to Labour Day from the 'Evening Telegraph' and other newspaper publication reporting on the various demonstrations held over a period of time, 1908-1915.
Notes by William O'Brien on the formation and establishment of the Irish Socialist Republican Party and of movements which preceded it including a list of members featuring Padraic Pearse, Eamon de Valera amongst others, 1896-1904.
Letter from Seán T. O Ceallaigh to [James Connolly?] of the Irish Neutrality League asking him to attend a meeting of his committee, [1914?].
Circular inviting interested parties to attend a conference in Groome's Hotel in Cavendish in order to discuss starting an Anti-Conscription movement, [1914?].
Circular by James Connolly inviting individuals to attend a meeting in order to discuss the war and the subject of neutrality, [1914?].
Circular by Sean T. O'Ceallaigh and Seán Miloy calling for the need for an association to be formed with the imminent threat of conscription for the young men of Ireland on the horizon, [?1914].
Note from James Connolly to William O'Brien written on draft circular calling the conference which established the Irish Neutrality League, 1914 Sept.
Circular from the Irish Neutrality League inviting the citizenry to attend the opening public meeting of the Irish Neutrality League, 1914 Oct. 5.
Circular extending an invite to a conference so as discuss the different ways in which to prevent the enactment of conscription in Ireland and also advises that the country organises and mobilises itself against this threat, 1915 June 5.
Notice from Micheal O'Foghludha inviting those to attend a meeting in accordance with the decision arrived at the Conscription Conference held the previous Tuesday, 1915 Jun. 12.
Letter from Sean T. O Ceallaigh to William O'Brien inviting him to attend a meeting in order "to form a committee to organise a public meeting of protest against imprisonment of Irish Volunteers", 1915 Aug. 23.
Letter from Seán P. Campbell to William O'Brien informing him of the date and time for the weekly meeting of the anti-conscription committee, 1915 Oct. 10.
Letter from unidentified author to William O'Brien informing him that J. White has been updated as to the position held in affairs of this kind as well as the procedure to be adopted for reinstatement in his particular branch of your union, undated.
Letter from [T. Ó Concúbar?], of the Agricultural Department in Dáil Eireann, to William O'Brien informing him that has got in touch with the Labour Department and gave him a mandate to go to Wexford to look at the disputes between the I.T.G.W.U. Farmer's Union and also with the other agricultural labour people, 1920 Oct. 21.
Letter from [T. Ó Concúbar?], of the Agricultural Department in Dáil Eireann, to William O'Brien saying that he has made arrangements to go to Kildavin on Wednesday next and and will do his best in the matter, 1920 Nov. 8.
Letter from unidentified author to William O'Brien asking him to send another copy of his letter regarding Arigna Mines as it seems to have been mislaid, 1921 May 23.
Letter from Department of Trade and Commerce to William O'Brien regarding an order prohibiting the importation of English saddlery and harness, 1921 Sept. 12.
Document issued by the Department of Economic Affairs in the event of the matter of a dispute between the Great Southern and Eastern Railway Company and their employees, 1921 Sept. 30.
Note from Óglaigh na h-Éireann to William O'Brien asking him to deal with a case of someone who is having difficulties joining the I.T.G.W.U., 1921 Sept. 31.
Letter from W.T. Cosgrave, Minister for Local Government, to William O'Brien telling him that he has forwarded a copy of his letter to the Minister for Agriculture, 1921 Oct. 21.
Envelope with a summons enclosed for William O'Brien from Dáil Éireann to attend a Republican Court, 1921 Oct. 15.
Letter from [Richard Mulcahy?] to William O'Brien wishing to inform him that "Messrs. Ross & Co. have agrreed that the dispute between them and your union should be settled by arbitration", 1921 Oct. 28.
Letter from [William O'Brien?] to the O.C., Dublin Brigade of the I.R.A. concerning an application to the Fish and Poultry Section of the [I.T.G.W.U.?] and makes clear that the executive of the union does not intend to interfere with the decision of the branch, 1921 Nov. 1.
Letter from the Chief of Police to William O'Brien informing him that resources are limited and honouring such a request is not an option at this time, 1921 Dec. 19.
Memorandum from T.D. Hallinan to Richard Mulcahy, Minister of Defence, thanking him for the "protection afforded us during the recent labour trouble here", 1922 Feb. 24.
Letter from Michael Collins to William O'Brien inviting him to attend the first meeting of the newly-elected parliament to be held at the Theatre of the Royal Dublin Society, 1922 Jun. 28.
Letter from the Department of Defence to William O'Brien acknowledging receipt of the communication regarding the arrest of Messrs. Jennings, Loydon and O'Dowd at Ballinrobe , 1922 Aug. 10.
Charge sheet for Kitty Costello and includes being in possession of documents without the proper authority and several issues of 'Poblacht na h-Éireann' both deemed to be in breach of the security of the state, 1923 Apr. 11.
Document entitled 'The Constitution' pertaining to the draft constitutiion of the Irish Free State and asks whether the treaty can be amended for the benefit of Ireland, [1922].
Copy of document entitled 'Memorandum of Executive' containing the first section of the draft constitution of the Irish Free State, 1922.
Copy of document entitled 'Motion by Deputy Thrift in Committee Re: Articles 50 to 59" and also containing subsections relating to amendments to the constitution, [1922].
Notice from Henry Harrison to William O'Brien containing "certain amendments to the draft constitution of the Irish Free State" of which he considers necessary, 1922 Sept. 18.
Copy of address made by Kevin O'Higgins to Thomas Johnson in response to a question posed by the Labour Party to which he will attempt to give a more definitive answer than previously, 1922 Sept. 22.
Copy of statement issued by the IRA addressed to each TD regarding their opposition to the treaty and bringing an end to the Civil War as quickly as possible, 1922.
Letter from the IRA to William O'Brien, secretary of the Irish Labour Party, issuing a warning about possible action against railways under Free State control, 1922 Aug. 3.
Note from the IRA to William O'Brien telling him that the enclosed is for his immediate consideration, 1922 Sept. 8.
Letter from Ernie O'Malley, Commandant O/C Northern and Eastern Command of the IRA, in which he encloses 15 authenticated statements setting out particulars of the treatment meted out to Republican prisoners carried out by the Provisional Government, 1922 Sept. 25.
Auditor's report on an examination of the Workers Union of Ireland's annual returns. It also contains miscellaneous documents authored by W.H. Engledow, 1870-1939.
Letter from W.H. Engledow to unidentified recipient concerning his efforts to ascertain the identity of the member of the Domville family "who syns or rather officially counter-syns the foot" of an unidentified document, 1870 Nov. 28.
Transcript of document by W.H. Engledow of unidentified author describing various paintings set in Rome and Venice amongst other locations, undated.
Newspaper cuttings regarding the Gaelic League, the Irish language revival, Irish poetry, and the Home Rule BIll in the Irish language, 1947-1894 and undated.
Postcard from E[oghan] O'Gramhna (Eugene O'Growney) to Daniel O'Brien thanking him for the £0-10-0 he left him and requesting he inform him when he receives the correct magazine, 1890 Aug. 14.
Note from Sean Plémion (John Fleming), editor of the Gaelic Journal, to [Daniel O'Brien] requesting whether he would prefer to be sent some additional numbers of "G.J." [Gaelic Journal] or would he prefer to send them onto Dollards for binding, 1890 May 12.
Postcard from E[oghan] O'Gramhna (Eugene O'Growney) to Daniel O'Brien informing him the Gaelic Union acknowledge the £0-10-0 they recevied from him and also requesting on behalf of the Union, that he write to them, in Irish, if he has anything to say, 1891 Jan. 04.
Postcard from E[oghan] O'Gramhna (Eugene O'Growney) to Daniel O'Brien informing him he received his freindly letter cotnaining £0-10-0 and also that "An Spailpín Fánach" will be in print soon, 1892 Oct. 07.
Copy of extracts from the diary of Daniel O'Brien concerning the death of both John F. Meagher and John Fleming and also regarding attending meetings of the Gaelic League, 1893 Sep. 26-1896 Jun. 12.
Membership card of the Gaelic League belonging to Daniel O'Brien for the years 1893-1894, 1893-1894.
Letter from John [Eoin] Mac Neill to Laurence Keily thanking him for his and Mr [Daniel] O'Brien's £0-5-0 subscriptions to The Gaelic League and informing him he will have great pleasure in proposing their names for membership if they are not already members, 1894 Mar. 17.
Acknowledgement from the Gaelic League, signed by Seosamh Laoide, to Daniel O'Brien for the payment of a half crown for his membership fee until the end of the seventh month of 1894, 1894 Mar. 20.
Note from the Gaelic League, from the treasurers Seosamh Laoide and Seaghan Ua hÓgáin, informing [Daniel O'Brien] they have great respect towards him for his help regarding the Irish language, 1894 Mar. 22.
Letter from John [Eoin] Mac Neill to Laurence Keily informing him that due to the great pressures of business and prepapring for the Irish Language Congress he forgot to send his reply letter which he states is enclosed, along with membership cards for himself and Mr [Daniel] O'Brien, 1894 Apr. 18.
Diary entry written by [Daniel O'Brien?] regarding Jeremiah O'Donovan Rossa's visit to Carrick to give his lecture "on his prison life" and also regarding the death of William Joseph O'Neill Daunt, 1894 Jun. 29.
Letter from John Hogan [Séan Ó hÓgáin] and J. H. Lloyd [Seosamh Laoide], treasurers of the Gaelic League, to Daniel O'Brien informing him his subscription for the current year of 1898 is due, 1895 Feb. 23.
Acknowledgement from the Gaelic League, signed by Seaghán Ua hÓgáin, treasurer, to Domhnall Ua Briain [Daniel O'Brien] for the payment of £0-2-6 for his membership fee until the seventh month of 1895, 1895 Mar. 19.
Postcard from Pádraig Ó Laoghaire to Daniel O'Brien informing him his stories on Munster will be printed in Irish and also that he has has nothing to be worried or afraid about, 1895 Apr. 23.
Postcard from Pádraig Ó Laoghaire to Daniel O'Brien thanking him for his letter and the money enclosed and also informing him that he will send on the book as soon as it is ready, 1895 Jun.18.
Acknowledgement from the Gaelic League, signed by Seosamh Laoide, treasurer, to Daniel O'Brien for the payment of £0-5-0 for his memebership for seven months, 1896.
Notes written by unknown author on the death of John E. Walsh, a cousin of Daniel O'Brien's, and also on Daniel O'Briens joining of the R.I.C in 1858, undated
Note written by unknown author mentioning names and events such as the Gaelic Journal Vo.1 No.12 and also informing that Daniel O'Brien was a sergeant when he married in 1875, undated.
Letter from [Ed?] Redmond to Head Constable [Daniel] O'Brien thanking him for the Gaelic Journal, speaking of the severe critic and corrections of a story and stating he has added in his own corrections, undated.
Notes written by unknown author on the history of the O'Brien family in the Parish of Ardfinar, the evictions by the Earl of Glengall in Co. Tipperary, and also referencing works including speeches of Daniel O'Connell and the history of the famine, undated.
Gaelic League booklet providing information on the Irish language, its present condition and its prospects, in both Irish and English, undated.
Booklet providing information on Gaelic books avaliable to be gotten from Patrick O'Brien, 46 Cuffe Street, Dublin, including their titles and price, undated.
Envelope containing notes on its contents which include the membership card of Daniel O'Brien, leaflets issued by the Gaelic League, letters, notes and cards from various authors and also extracts from Daniel O'Brien's diary, undated.
Typescript letter from P. J. O' Brien to William O'Brien regarding articles written on him in the 'Nenagh Guardian' and 'Unity' and also problems that have arose with elections in Counties Westmeath and Meath, 1943 Jan. 07.
Typescript letter from P. J. O'Brien to William O'Brien regarding articles in the 'Union', 'New Leader' and 'Nenagh Guardian' and also referring to "A.C.'s" reply letter concerning the termination of the services of "Pollock" , 1944 Jan. 22.
Typescript letter from P. J. O'Brien to Alfred O'Rahilly, President of U.C.C, requesting permission to re-publish his article "A Showdown is Overdue" which appeared in 'The Standard', and includes Alfred O'Rahilly's response stating he can republish the article but advises him to wait and see another article or his response article to criticisms he has received, 1944 Feb. 12-Feb. 14.
Letter from Alfred O'Rahilly to P. J. O'Brien regarding the split in the Labour Party, how the statement written on it in a newspaper was essentially taken up with information on the row between the ITGWU and [James] Larkin, and also asking questions on the information that was provided about the Labour Party, 1944 Feb. 14.
Typescript letter from P. J. O'Brien to Wiliam O'Brien regarding the approval and opposition towards the Labour Party's action and also informing him they have asked their branches to reaffirm their allegiance to "A.C.L.P.", 1944 Feb. 16.
Typescript letter from P. J. O'Brien to [William O'Brien] informing him Alfred O'Rahilly is prepared to provide assistance in the preparation of the Labour Party and in the drafting of their Constitution, and also recommending him highly for the position, 1944 Feb. 21.
Typescript letter from P. J. O'Brien to unknown recipient informing them of an Administrative Council meeting of the Labour Party and also that the Carrigaline Branch of the Labour Party has decided to transfer to the National Labour Party, 1944 Feb. 23.
Typescript letter from S. [Ua Clárbán?] to William O'Brien informing him of an attached letter from SD. P. Bergin and stating that said letter does not accurately describe the correct decision of the Party or the facts of the Labour Party meeting in Carlow, and also including copy of said letter, 1944 Feb. 21-23.
Notes written by [Alfred O'Rahilly] to [P. J. O'Brien] regarding establishing a pamphlet for the I.T.G.W.U. which would describe the reasons behind not wanting James Larkin in the Union and to develop and describe the reforms they want to make, undated.
Letter from Percy Friedberg to [William O'Brien?] informing him "the great Irish leader" John Redmond spoke at a big meeting for in Bermondsey to an audience of workmen regarding buying out landlords, 1902 Dec. 13
Letter from A. Montgomery to William O'Brien thanking him for sending on pamphlets regarding his Party and providing an address of a person he believes may be interested in receiving a pamphlet, 1905 Jul. 27.
Copy of typescript letter from John K. Ingram to William O'Brien informing him he has directed his bookseller to send him a copy of his book 'History of Political Economy' and also describing his views as a "positivist", 1905.
Letter from Sidney Webb to William O'Brien informing him he cannot afford to buy the books he has written in order to present them to the library of The Socialist Party and expressing his displeasure that O'Brien has not exhausted the means at his disposal for obtaining a loan of the books, 1905 Nov. 22.
Letter from Adolphus William Shields to [William O'Brien] informing him he has not had time to write a new paper over the holidays and will now have to dress up and re-use an older paper entitled 'Signs of the Times', 1906 Jan. 05.
Letter from William G. Orr to William O'Brien discussing the reasoning behind the unlikelihood of setting up a Socialist Labour Party in Belfast, of how the Belfast Socialist Society is for all intents and purposes an S.L.P. branch, mentioning leaving the party and establishing his own party and also his uncertainty at joining O'Brien's Party, 1907 Nov. 06.
Postcard from [J.S.S.?] to Willaim O'Brien asking whether he would like to organise a postcard campaign, using a similar image to the one on the postcard, for Dublin against "lanlordism", 1909 Oct. 20.
Circular invitation from J. W. O'Beirne to William O'Brien for his attendance at an informal meeting in order to make preliminary arrangements for the celebration of the birth of "one of Ireland's greatest social and political thinkers", James Fintan Lalor, 1909 Dec. 12.
Postcard from P. J. Hoey to William O'Brien of a picture of the demonstration against the execution of Francisco Ferrer by the Spanish Governement, 1910 Sep. 23.
Letter from Seaghan de Brúin to [William O'Brien] informing him of his resignation from the post as secretary of the Dublin branch of the Independent Labor Party of Ireland and providing his reasons for resigning, 1912 Aug. 28.
Telegram from William Patrick Partridge to William O'Brien stating "greetings from scene of martyrs effort and death, success to meeting and freedom to Connolly, keep the old fly flying", 1913 Sept. 14.
Copy of letter from a despondent James Connolly, in Mountjoy Prison, to William O'Brien requesting he send in papers to him as he has asked many of his visitors to do so and he has only received three papers to date, 1913 Sep.
Postcard from [Tom?] to William O'Brien informing him he did not receive his letter in time to complete his writing in order to speak, 1913 Sep. 30.
Postcard from [Tom] to William O'Brien informing of the meetings he is holding in Bristol and Aronmouth and the amount he has collected, 1913 Oct. 13.
Letter from Conal O'Riordan to William O'Brien informing him to send all correspondence to his home address rather than to the Independent Magazine and informing him he will not be bringing "them" before the committee but he can't promise the Indepedent magazine won't, 1913 Nov. 05.
Letter from Conal O'Riordan to William O'Brien informing him the Lord Mayor heard from Mr Coghlan, the secretary of the Employess Exectutives and describing what was said regarding his committee meeting with Mr Bowerman, Mr. Gosling and Mr. Seldon in order to discuss the "hypothetical case" [Peace Conference between O'Brien and the employees] that was put forward in their previous correspondence , 1913 Nov. 08.
Letter from Conal O'Riordan to William O'Brien regarding an enclosed formal letter that he hope will be as much use as possible and also informing him he has been in touch with Mr [James] Connolly, 1913 Nov. 09.
Letter from Conal O'Riordan to William O'Brien regarding having not replied due to having not received a definitive answer to the proposition of a Peace Conference, requesting the final report of the Industrial Peace Committee, who at that time ceased to exist and informing him he has been called away to London, 1913 Nov. 12.
Copy of extract from a manifesto printed in the 'Irish Worker' entitled "Irish Trade Unions Congress & Labour Party National Executive" which speaks of the Irish nation's right of enacting National Legislation, 1914 Aug. 08.
Postcard from William O'Brien to Thomas McPartlin requesting he give a letter that may arrive at his home to [James] Connolly if he is in Dublin for the anti-war meeting and also asking him to have a talk with Connolly about the American trip, 1914 Aug. 08.
Postcard from William O'Brien to Thomas McPartlin regarding the date of the Socialist Labour Party's anti-war meeting, reminding him to discuss the American tour with Connolly and also discussing having information wired to him due to troubles, 1914 Aug. 15.
Copy of letter from James Connolly to William O'Brien regarding having received and made alterations to a "copy" and referring to [John] Redmond's speech as a "desperate situation", 1914 Sep. 23.
Circular from the Independent Labour Party of Ireland entitled 'Appeal to the Irish Working Class', circa 1914 Oct.
Typescript letter from P. T. Daly to William O'Brien informing him of an upcoming meeting for the Irish Trade Union Congress and Labour Party to be held at the Library, Trades Hall, Capel Street, Dublin, to discuss arrangements for the forthcoming congress, 1915 Feb. 27.
Letter from Helena Molony to William O'Brien requesting if he could speak alongside Miss Duggan and Madame Markievicz at the Reform League meeting and also orgainsing a meeting of their share holders to elect a committee, 1915 Nov. 02.
Letter from E. Mallon to Mary Frances O'Brien informing her that William O'Brien has been moved from the Knutsford Prison to Frongoch Prison in North Wales, discussing ways of sending parcels to him and also assuring her she will ask about him when she visits next, 1916 Jun. 27.
Envelope address to William O'Brien, originally as an Irish prisoner of war in Reading and subsequently altered to 43 Belvidere Road, Dublin, 1916 Aug. 02.
Typescript note written by William O'Brien to the Right Honourable Herbert Samuel, M. P., Home Secretary, applying for permits for himself and Thomas Foran to visit Trade Union officials who are interned in England, 1916 Nov. 08.
Copy letter from Jane Carstairs Matheson on behalf of her husband John Carstairs Matheson to William O'Brien regarding letters he received from James Connolly which O'Brien would like to use in Connolly's biography, 1916 Nov. 11.
Typescript letter from Michael Collins, secretary of the Irish National Aid and Volunteer Dependents' Fund, to [William O'Brien] informing him of a special meeting of the Executive at the request of Mr. Michael Corrigan, solicitor, regarding the "Longford Leader" case, 1917 Jun. 07.
Partial letter from unknown author to William O'Brien regarding his Party visiting Dublin, Alter's efforts of late and him bringing the question to Council, applying for permits to travel and also Alexander Kerensky's proposal that all big belligerents should raise money jointly in order to indemify all the small nations who suffered as a result of the war, 1917 Jul. 13.
Tyepscript letter from Richard Mulcahy, Honourary secretary of the Wolfe Tone Memorial Association, to William O'Brien informing him the Wolfe Tone Memorial Committee requests his co-operation in the arrangements of the funeral of Thomas Ashe and notifying him of the meeting details, 1917 Sep. 26.
Letter from Vincent C. Ellis to William O'Brien thanking him for his and his Party's support during the elections which secured him a vacancy in Portrane, 1917 Jul. 27.
Typescript letter from Michael Collins, secretary of the Irish National Aid and Volunteer Dependants' Fund, to Thomas Foran informing him of an enclosed schedule containing his statement of losses made to the committee, 1917 Aug. 09.
Telegraph from unknown author to William O'Brien sending their best wishes for the Mansion House Conference where he represented the Labour Party and the Irish transport and general workers' union in talks dealing with resisting the conscription of the Irish nation into World War One and also writes "that the struggle for human freedom and the fraternity of nations will be brought to a speedy and triumphant conclusion", 1918 Feb. 04.
Typescript letter from Michael Collins, secretary of the Irish National Aid and Volunteer Dependents' Fund, to William O'Brien requesting his attendence at an American Grants Committee meeting in Mr. D. O'Connor's office, solicitor, 13 Westmoreland Street, 1918 Feb. 06.
Copy of letter from Jim Connell to William O'Brien thanking him for sending on articles relating to the Mansion House Conference and informing him of a lecture he did the previous night to the Dulwich Branch of the Irish Labour Party, 1918 Feb. 25.
Typescript letter from unknown author from the Irish National Aid and Volunteer Dependents' Fund to Mary Frances O'Brien questioning whether McGinley's case should be brought before the committee due to the injuries he sustained during the Rising and also hoping her brother, William OBrien, will attend the meeting, f 1918 Mar. 20.
Typescript letter from Michael Collins, secretary of the Irish National Aid and Volunteer Dependents' Fund, to William O'Brien requesting his attendance at a meeting for the American Grants Committee at Mr. D. O'Connor's office, solicitor, 1918 Mar. 26.
Letter from [M. Timber?] to William O'Brien thanking him for extracting his verse from the "Voice [of Labour?]", discussing the printing of his book and his other poetry, and also mentioning the publication of Peadar Kearney's poems and his National Anthem, 1918 Apr. 23.
Typescript letter from Eamonn MacAlpine to P. T. Daly and William O'Brien regarding them contesting parliamentary seats for Dublin and suggesting putting James Larkin's names before the electors for the Harbour Division and also informing them he has enclosed a copy of a resolution they passed, 1918 May 10.
Letter from of Camille Huysmans of the British section of the International Socialist Bureau to William O'Brien informing him he would be happy to meet his Executive and accept his invitation to the congress but would not be able to get the authorisation, 1918 Jul. 30.
Letter from William McGinley to [William O'Brien] congratulating him on his election as Secretary of the Irish Trade Union Congress and also mentions his displeasure at [P.T.] Daly's election on the Executive, 1918 Aug. 13.
Letter from Liam Ó Rinn to [William O'Brien] regarding his health issues and mentioning how Labour affairs and Gaelic affairs are on his mind continuously, 1918 Aug. 19.
Letter from Kitty O'Connor, Honourary Secretary of the [National Aid Association], to William O'Brien requesting him to attend a meeting the following day, 1918 Aug. 19.
Letter from William McGinley to William O'Brien discussing O'Briens latest triumphs in the political domain, recent political news in Ireland, his time in prison and also Mrs. Tom Clarke's ill health, 1918 Aug. 24.
Letter from William J. Walsh, Archbishop of Dublin, to William O'Brien regarding a project O'Brien referred to in a previous letter and informing him he cannot do anything practical with it until he hears from the nuns, 1918 Sep. 16.
Letter from J. King, from the House of Commons, to William O'Brien informing him his wire went through to him that morning and mentioning: "I asked this question yesterday", 1918 Nov. 21.
Copy and partial copy of letter from Seán T. Ó Ceallaigh to William O'Brien introducing him Mr. Frank P. Walsh of New York, Chairman of the American Commission on Irish Independence, requesting O'Brien organise for him to meet all prominent labour workers during his time in Ireland and also informing him he has become well-acquainted with his brother Thomas John O'Brien, 1919 May 01-1944 Mar. 25.
Postcard from [P.] to William O'Brien informing him he is delighted with his time in Kerry, 1919 Jun. 06.
Typescript letter from William O'Brien to P. O'Toole of the Carlow ITGWU requesting his views on actions that can aid farm labourers and also what farms near Carlow town he would like to select to help, 1919 Jul. 02.
Letter from Ramsay MacDonald to William O'Brien regarding a complaint he has received in which O'Brien said that he mentioned a deputation he received from Ireland on Home Rule and the general situation in Ireland appealed to the Labour Party in Great Britain not to drop conscription as that would play into the hands of the Sinn Féin Party and asking whether it is true that he is saying this, 1919 Aug. 31.
Letter from Tadhg Barry to William O'Brien requesting his advice for the upcoming elections as he believes they will be rather complicated in Cork and informing him he will be running for the Labour Party in the elections, 1919 Nov. 10.
Letter from Tadhg Barry to William O'Brien informing him of his displeasure that O'Brien did not recognise their last letter as personal and notifying him that he must now attend a meeting where the remainder of the party will be told of Barry's interference, 1919 Nov. 12.
Typescript letter from Alice Stopford Green to Mr. Figgis [Hodges & Figgis] thanking him for his Christmas card of appreciation and sympathy, 1919 Dec. 27.
Letter from Sean O'Mahony to [William O'Brien] congratulating him on the recent elections, complimenting his work on the 'Independent' and speaking of his time in Mountjoy Prison, 1919 Feb. 04.
Typescript letter from Gilbert Lynch to William O'Brien informing him of the success of his candidature thus far and also that he has informed correspondents to send post to him in the prison, 1920 Mar. 19.
Letter from J. H. MacDonnell, Solicitor, to William O'Brien informing him of his postition as a prisoner in England, whereby he may move around in Great Britain but will be arrested at once if he returns to Ireland, 1920 Apr. 27.
Typescript letter from [General Sir Nevil] Macready to [Thomas Foran] requesting a meeting in order for him to "get a grip of the conditions in this country", 1920 May 04.
Copy letter of reply from Thomas Foran to General Sir Nevil Macready informing him William O'Brien would be the best person to speak to in relation to the Irish Labour movement, and notifying him O'Brien is at present unavailable due to his internment in Britain, 1920 May 04.
Copy letter from Camille Huysmans to [William O'Brien] requesting reports and providing the headings which are needed for the discussions of these problems at the Congress of Geneva, 1920 May 06.
Letter from [Mim?] to William O'Brien thanking him for his letter from London and describing her holiday in Omeath, Co. Louth, 1920 Jul. 31.
Letter from E. Lynch to William O'Brien informing him he would be pleased if he could inform his and [Jack?] Dowling's relatives they are detained and also requesting a suitcase, newspapers and medicine, 1920 Dec. 22.
Postcard from P. K. Hawthorne to William O'Brien sending his sincerest greetings to all, 1921 Jan. 13.
Letter from Laurence O'Neill, Lord Mayor of Dublin, to William O'Brien informing him of the date and time of the Irish White Cross meeting, 1921 Jan. 23.
Letter and copy letters from Seán T. Ó Ceallaigh to William O'Brien requesting literature on James Connolly, James Larkin and the Labour moverment of Ireland for a friend in France and also that he will pay him back when her can, 1921 Feb. 19.
Typescript letter from Éamonn De Valera to William O'Brien requesting O'Brien to secure an agreement between both parties of the Cemeteries' dispute in order for funeral arrangements to be facilitated by the members of the Unions involved for the funeral of Archbishop Walsh, 1921 Apr. 13.
Letter and copy of letter from Rev. Peter Coffey, Professor of Maynooth College, to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of his booklet, discussing articles, including his own, that sympathise with the aspirations of Irish Labour and also writing in reference to "The Axe to the Roof", 1921 Apr. 23.
Letter from Cathleen O'Moore to William O'Brien informing him Mr [Patrick] O'Moore is very hopeful at regaining his position, acknowledging that prisoners do not usually receive allowoances after they are realeased and notifying him that they will repay the amount allowed to Mr. O'Moore since his release, 1912 May 23.
Copy letter from William O'Brien to Sir John Anderson informing him of a visit to his house by the Crown Forces, the damage they caused to his records which dealt with the Trade Union, Socialist, and Co-operative movements for the past 30 years, the removal of these records from his home and a reply letter on the behalf of Sir John Anderson notifying O'Brien that the case will be thoroughly investigated, 1921 May 24-25.
Postcard from "R." to William O'Brien thanking him for the enclosures he received, offering his condolences on all that he lost [records] and requesting he give him "the heads at once" regarding the next meeting, 1921 May 30.
Postcard from "R" to William O'Brien thanking him for notes he sent and informing him his work should be seen early, 1921 Jun. 02.
Copy letter from Michael Collins to William O'Brien forwarding on a mesage "from a very reliable source" of possible enemy spies attempting to gain access to meetings and any information on Irish Trade Unions, 1921 Jul. 06.
Typescript letter from William O'Brien to Éamon De Valera requesting if he would see Dr. Bhat, delegate of the Trade Union Congress of India, as he is very anxious to have the privilege of speaking with him, 1921 Aug. 04.
Reply letter from Éamon De Valera to William O'Brien informing him he received his letter and met with Dr. Bhat, 1921 Aug. 05.
Copy letter from M.J. O'Leary, assistant secretary of the Socialist Party of Ireland, to William O'Brien informing him of the resolution that was passed at their meeting to expel him and Comrade O'Shannon from the Party due to their guilt of breach of party discipline and their futile efforts to build up a Communist Party in Ireland, 1921 Oct. 18.
Telegraph from "McGrath" to William O'Brien informing him he will see him Saturday morning, 1921 Dec. 01.
Copy letters from John [Sean] McGrath to Thomas O'Reilly, cattle agent, informing him he is sending a wagon of excellent bullocks in order for him to get the best possible price for them, 1921.
Typescript letter from Joseph McGrath, Minister for Labour, to William O'Brien informing him he is taking note that he has secured the services of Mr. McMillan and will pass on his letter to Michael Collins, 1922 Feb. 01.
Copy letter from [William O'Brien?] to Seosamh MagCraith (Joseph McGrath) informing him Lord Justice O'Connor is agreeable to act as Chairman of the Railway Commission if appointed and also assuring him the question of time does not matter as O'Connor will give his full time to the work of the Commission, 1922 Mar. 03.
Copy letters from Seán T. O'Kelly and Henry Boland to Thomas Johnson, secretary of the Labour Party, and subsequently forwarded onto William O'Brien, thanking the Labour Party for their invitations to the recently elected Dáil members to a meeting at the Mansion House but informing them they cannot attend as they believe the conference can more efficiently persue their objectives uninfluenced by their presence, 1922 Jul. 19.
Copy letter from Peadar O'Donnell, I.R.A. Executive, to William O'Brien informing him that P[atrick] O'Brien has been paid off from work and requesting if William O'Brien can adjust matters in this case in order to help his family, 1922 Jul. 23.
Letter from Sean McGlynn to William O'Brien, T.D. for South Dublin, requesting to meet with him to discuss the circumstances of his arrest and details which lead to his arrest, 1922 Aug. 20.
Copy letter from W. T. Cosgrave to "Town Clerk" regarding the proposed plan of the extension of the housing area in Marino by 77 acres, 1922 Aug. 26.
Typescript letter from Seosamh MagCraith (Joseph McGrath) to William O'Brien regarding a letter sent to him by O'Brien, initially from R. Davys, and mentioning there is, after investigation, "very definite information regarding the activities of McCauley, 1922 Sep. 30.
Typescript letter from Hugh McCarth, secretary to the School Attendence Department of Dublin Corporation, to William O'Brien forwarding him a resolution passed unanimously at the South West Divisional School Attendence Committee meeting which was of congratulations to O'Brien on his election as T.D. , 1922 Oct. 10.
Typescript letter from Colm Ó Murchadha to William O'Brien forwarding on a resolution passed by Dáil Éireann in which it states a Committee on Procedure be appointed and requesting him to attend a meeting for the Committee on Procedure, 1922 Nov. 20.
Letter and copy letter from Sean T. O'Kelly to William O'Brien regarding his worries over the large number of "young lads" in the Gormanstown internment camp, the delayed pace at which post arrives and departs and the deliberate withholding of newspapers by the officers, 1922 Oct. 27.
Letter from K[athleen] Lynn to William O'Brien requesting his party put a question to the parliament at the next meeting in order to get Miss Annie MacSwiney off hunger strike as Lynn does not believe she has the resistance for it, 1923 Feb. 27.
Typescript copy letter from "Runai" (secretary) to Joseph McGrath, and subsequently forwarded onto William O'Brien by unknown author, regarding the large numbers of unemployed in Mallow, Co. Cork, the reasoning behind the unemployment, requesting the government contractor to use the local Labour Exchange for workers for rebuilding the Blackwater Viaduct and the strain this is putting on the Unemployment Fund, 1923 Feb. 24.
Letter from [P. Hogan?] to [William O'Brien] requesting details of the particulars for the post of Labour organiser and providing information of his past experiences, 1923 Mar. 13.
Copy letter from Kevin O'Higgins, Minister for Home Affairs, to William O'Brien of a transcript of a telephone conversation between J. J. Farrell of the Cinema Association to the Ministry detailing the picture houses in which the Transport Union have withdrawn staff from, 1923 Mar. 26.
Letter from Joe [Joseph McGrath?] to William O'Brien regarding the payment of £700 to the "co op" and mentioning arrangements made to pay on the "nail" their account in future, 1923 Mar. 26.
Copy letter from Kevin O'Higgins to William O'Brien informing him a joint deputation of representatives of Theatre and Cinema proprietors, operators and staff visited him with their views and also requesting to meet with O'Brien and other Labour Leaders urgently to discuss these matters, 1923 March.
Copy letters from M[argaret] Rodgers, aunt to Peadar O'Donnell, to William O'Brien informing him of urgent business relating to Peadar O'Donnell in which he has been transferred from the Curragh Camp to Finner Camp, Co. Donegal, as hostage and is to be shot if any activities take place in Donegal and requesting his and the Unions help in this matter, 1923 Apr. 07.
Copy letter from A.S. O'Muircadhaigh (Henry Murray) to William O'Brien on behalf of Joseph McGrath regarding the case of Charles O'Reilly and informing him "that there is no definite charge which can be preferred against this prisoner", 1923 May 29.
Copy of letter from Eamon O'Duibhir to [Thomas] Johnson proposing the Party invest in The Gael Co-Operative Society to an amount between £1,400 - £1,700 for machinery and informing him of the measures the company has taken to ensure its survival, 1923 Jul. 16.
Letter from [C. O'S?] to William O'Brien asking what the current situation is with defeated candidtates in the I.T. & G.W.U., infoming him he heard from "T. J." from Wales and advised him on the unofficial delegate conference and mentioning the rumour he heard of O'Brien resigning from the Union E.C., 1923 Sep. 16.
Letter from Eamon O'Duibhir to William O'Brien informing him of his failed business The Gael Co-Operative Society, detailing a new business idea in the milk industry and asking if he could be guarantor, with enclosed pamphlet of said idea and reply letter of rejection from O'Brien as he is at present working on a large overdraft himself, 1925 Mar. 20-25.
Letter from Thomas Brody to William O'Brien regarding having met once, his frienship with James Connolly when he was in the USA, collecting money for the "revolution" after the Easter Rising and also speaking of his displeasure of the Irish Civil War, [circa 1923 Jul. 21- 1925 Jul. 06].
Postcard from J[ames] Everett to William O'Brien thanking him for the beautiful present and souvenir and informing him he tried to contact him and Miss O'Brien to see if they would like to travel with him to Newrath, circa 1923.
Postcard from J[ames] Everett to William O'Brien sending his condolences for Miss O'Brien's ill health and choosing a day to visit, circa 1923.
Circular manifesto of the Irish Textile Workers' Union entitled 'To the Linen Slaves of Belfast' informing textile workers in Belfast of their rights in the workplace and the appropriate minimum wage per hour they should be receiving, circa 1913.
Letter from Roderi[ick?] Connolly to William O'Brien regarding him searching for a job or an appretenticeship in the dockyard and providing him with suggestions of ways he may be able to help him, undated.
Letter from Charles Frank Ridgway to William O'Brien regarding the co-operation between Irish and English dockers in Ireland and organising a possible meeting between the National Union of Dock Labourers and the I.T.& G.W.U. in order to make a deal in regards to dockers in Dundalk and Newry, undated.
Letter from William Field to William O'Brien regarding taking a trip to London and also referring to an enclosed copy, undated.
Letter from A. Lynn to William O'Brien informing him he has some very important news concerning his opponents, the Larkins, and wishes to meet him at his home rather than the offices, undated.
Note stating "M. of D. 17th stated no reason to fear any danger of execution in the case.", undated.
Letter from Rev. Green O.F.S. to William O'Brien introducing him to Mr. G. W. Bartram of the Labour Party and requesting if he could put him in contact with a Labour member to discuss Labour matters in Ireland, undated.
Note written by unknown author to "Oliver" stating "where is the good watch? Judge O'Byrne got the case and he gave me the works.", undated.
Letter from [G?] Duffy to William O'Brien informing him he was charmed by the Seanad elections, speaking of his sympathy towards James Moran, mentioning his ill health at present and also advising that they organise a policy for Labour Party Branches in Dublin City or they will all be called the James Connolly Branch of Tommy Lawlor Branch, undated.
Letter from Nora Connolly O'Brien to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of 'Forward' in which O'Brien's talk on her father, James Connolly, was printed, informing him of the suggestion to publish Connolly's complete collection and that he can consult "Martin Lawrence" to help in the organisation of the records and also mentioning the Manchester Martyrs, undated.
Letter from Mrs. I. Hughes, secretary of the Dublin Gate Theatre, to [William O'Brien] inviting him and friends to insepct the new theatre, informing him of the opening play and also requesting personal details in order to complete the official register and certificate of his shareholding, undated.
Letter from J. P. Bradshaw to [William O'Brien] informing him he has not received a reply to his letters regarding a small field, undated.
Typescript letter from Dublin Bus Co. to William O'Brien discussing the hopeful end to British Trades Unionism in Ireland and switching half of the trams onto the "paralised routes", undated.
Partial letter from Thomas Johnson to William O'Brien regarding informing the authorities of traffic and general hold ups on Monday, appealing to the public for funds for the Strike Committee and paying shopkeepers for the co-operation during the [general strike in Limerick], undated.
Letter from Peadar O'Donnell, I.R.A. Executive, to William O'Brien informing him that P[atrick] O'Brien has been paid off from work and requesting if William O'Brien can adjust matters in this case in order to help his family, 1922 Jul. 23.
Letter from Rev. John Condon to William O'Brien congratulating him on the result of being acquitted from the charges brought up against him, 1924 Feb. 21.
Letter from William O'Brien to Cathal [O' Shannon] requesting he come up to Dublin for a talk soon, at the expense of the Union, as he is anxious to have him back in the Labour movement, 1924 Mar. 07.
Typescript letter from Eamonn Lynch to William O'Brien thanking him for Ryan's book on James Connolly and advising that a cheap edition would make excellent propaganda, 1924 Apr. 03.
Typescript letter from John J. Murphy, of the Town Clerk's Office, Dublin, to William O'Brien informing him the Minister for Local Government has dissolved the Municipal Council of the City of Dublin and has replaced it with three Commissioners to carry out all duties and therefore O'Brien will not be needed for any further Municipal Council or Committee meetings, 1924 May 20.
Typescript letter from Laurence O'Neill, Lord Mayor of Dublin, requesting a meeting of the members of the corporation due to the suspension of the corporation by the Local Government Board, 1924 May 23.
Letter from [D.?] Mooney to William O'Brien thanking him for taking on the case of Mr Quinn and bringing it to such a satisfactory conclusion and also congratulating him on his recent law case, 1924 Jun. 07.
Letter from Joseph J. Hearne of California to William O'Brien thanking him for sending on a copy of his paper 'The Voice of Labour', introducing him to Michael Scanlon who will be visiting Ireland and is involved in the Labour movement in the US and also asking whether the "Irish people really are as democratic" as they are led to believe , 1924 Jun. 15.
Letter from Ronald W. [Mortshad?] to William O'Brien regarding a speech he made during the conference, a speech Rhys Davies made and also providing information on details of the conference, 1924 Jun. 28.
Typescript letter from [Erin?] Dunne, of 'The Irish Stateman', to William O'Brien regarding writing a recommendation along with William Butler Yeats but informing him that Yeats is currently away completing his book and has left no forwarding address, 1924 Aug. 19.
Note written by [Seán O'Farléin?] to [William O'Brien] requesting if he had any good photographs, sketches or cartoons of James Connolly or James Larkin, 1924 Aug. 22.
Typescript letter from J. J. Walshe to William O'Brien informing him of a private conference being held in the Shelbourne Hotel in order to secure the return of Patrick Leonard and Donal O'Connor in the approaching bye-elections, 1925 Jan. 26.
Letter from P.C. [Trimber?] to William O'Brien speaking of his love for his work in a distillery in Dundalk, which O'Brien secured for him, describing the distillery and the duties of the custom officer and thanking him for taking a fatherly interst in him, 1925 Jul. 15.
Letter from Michael Hayes to William O'Brien informing him his copy of O'Reilly's Irish-English dictionary has arrived, 1925 Jul. 30.
Letter from Éinrí O'Frighil [Henry O'Friel], Department of Justice, to William O'Brien introducing him to Michael Harford of 26 Upper Dorset Street and formerly of Howth, 1925 Sep. 08.
Typescript letter from an unidentifiable author to William O'Brien expressing his regret over a misunderstanding in his payment for articles he wrote for 'The Voice of Labour' and informing him he is not in the position to give so much gratuitous service as before, 1926 Jan. 21.
Letter from [D?] Wallace to William O'Brien thanking him for the inquiries he made for him and the papers he sent on and also informing him he would like to meet him when he travels back to Ireland, 1926 Jun. 03.
Letter from Áine Ceannt to William O'Brien drawing his attention to Dr. Con Murphy's application to the post of Manager of the National Health Insurance section of the I.T.& G.W.U., providing information on his previous posts, discussing the reasons his pension was taken from him and mentioning her compensation should be coming through soon, 1926 Jul. 17.
Letter from Gilbert Lynch to William O'Brien thanking him for informing him of his placement of the panel for candidacy into the Union and the financial support he may receive, discussing the various problems raised by a "J. M. Pringle" and requesting O'Brien use his influence to organise an early conference in Galway to gain support and raise money, 1927 Mar. 10.
Typescript letter from Solon DeLeon to William O'Brien introducing him to Mr. Leroy E. Bowman, who is interested in getting in touch with progressive labour and political movements in Ireland, 1927 Mar. 23.
Letter from Áine Ceannt to William O'Brien thanking him for the information on pensions and getting a matter through that he spoke with Mrs. [Kathleen?] Clarke about, 1927 Mar. 30.
Letter from Joseph McGrath to William O'Brien informing of enclosed books and a cheque to the amount og £5 for the election fund, 1927 May. 10.
Letter from [W. J.?] Ryan to William O'Brien regarding having not heard from Cathal [O'Shannon?] and wishing him luck in his election campaign, 1927 May 26.
Letter from Helena Molony to William O'Brien regarding the large presence of military and police at "Madame's" funeral, mentioning the disgust felt by the public at this and requesting he raise the question at Parliament of whose orders led to the police and military being there, and includes O'Brien's reply letter, 1927 Jul. 22-1927 Aug. 10.
Letter from [Fred?] Conroy to William O'Brien informing him of a meeting between P.Hanigan and the "officials" where he was notified that they were going to move at the next Annual Conference that O'Brien should be removed from his position as General Secretary of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, 1927 Jul. 22.
Letter from Ernest Milligan to William O'Brien regarding locating the "Erins Hope" papers which he believes were stored with 'Shan Van Vocht' papers which may have been burnt and also enclosing his thoughts on ways to improve partition relations between the North and South of Ireland, 1927 July.
Letters from Helena Molony and Grace Plunkett to William O'Brien regarding Grace Plunkett receiving a pension from the Irish Volunteers Dependents Fund and the increase in said pension, 1924 Jan. 28-1927 Aug. 10.
Letter from Leroy E. Bowman to William O'Brien regarding having met him and Mr. Johnson in Ireland and mentioning he would like a person like him to be in America, 1927 Aug. 18.
Circular of a testimonial appeal for the raising of funds for Eamon O'Dwyer who played a large part in national and political matters including the Irish language revival and the 1916 rebellion, 1927 Dec.
Letter from John [Seán] R. Moylan to William O'Brien requesting any data he may have on the 'munitions of war' fund the North Cork Sinn Féin office set up during the railway strikes in 1920, in particular a subscription for £1000 as Moylan is being accused of mishandling the money, and includes reply letters from O'Brien stating the records were destroyed, 1928 Jun. 04-19.
Copy letter from William O'Brien to Emanuel Shinwell informing him of an enclosed copy of the Irish Independent in which he is portrayed as "a Communist M.P.", 1928 Sep. 21.
Copy reply letter from Emanuel Shinwell to William O'Brien thanking him for the article from the Irish Independent and informing him he will write to them regarding this, 1928 Sep. 25.
Copy letter from William O'Brien to Emanuel Shinwell informing him he has enclosed a note from the Irish Independent in which they included a correction regarding Shinwell and also mentioning "Kirkwood" was also described as a communist in the Irish Independent, 1928 Sep. 27.
Letter from William Patrick Ryan to William O'Brien informing him he wil do everything possible to spread the knowledge of "Mr. Byrne's" book and reply letter from O'Brien stating he is glad he can help, 1928 Sep. 17-26.
Copy letter from John J. Lyng to William O'Brien informing him of his surprise in seeing Thomas O'Brien's death in the 'Weekly Independent', speaking of his full life, his linguistic qualifications and offering his sympathies to the O'Brien family, 1928 Oct. 19.
Postcard from Kägge Thams to William O'Brien informing him of his ill-health, asking his views on Soviet-Russia and discussing quarrels that are happening between different groups of socialists in Germany, 1929 Mar. 15.
Postcard from Kägge Thams to William O'Brien informing him he has moved to Southern Germany, mentioning his "disease of the lungs" is pulmonary consumption and requesting to hear something from Ireland, 1929 Jul. 20.
Typescript letter from P[atrick] Hogan to William O'Brien thanking him for his letter and enclosed extracts from 'The Framework of Home Rule' by Erskine Childers , 1929 Aug. 12.
Typescript letter from B. [Gifford?] to William O'Brien to refer to his attendence at the 14th Session of the International Labour Conference and informing him he is sending on a copy of the report of the Director of the International Labour Office, 1930 May. 28.
Letter from Patrick O'Kelly to William O'Brien informing him of an enclosed piece of paper containing the name "Mary Feeney", who is looking for a job in Vocational Education and enquiring if "Owen Hynes and Michael Somerville" have committed to any candidates, and if not perhaps they would consider supporting Mary Feeney, 1932 May 10.
Letter from Patrick O'Kelly to William O'Brien regarding the position under the Vocational Education [Committee?] for Mary Feeney he enquired about and informing him of the family resources and income, 1932 May 11.
Typescript letter from Bulmer Hobson to William O'Brien informing him of an enclosed memorandum containing proposals he believes, if considered by the Labour Party, will increase the standard of living of "the great mass of the people" and discussing unemployment and poverty in Ireland, 1934 Apr. 10.
Letter from Thomas Johnston to William O'Brien thanking him for the "Bottomley Book" and discussing his work load, 1935 Dec. 12.
Typsecript letter from Oscar Traynor to William O'Brien apologising for having missed him when he visited the Dáil and mentioning he will inform him of further opportunities of posts that arise for "Miss Whelan", 1936 Mar. 16.
Letter from Michael Brady of Michigan, U.S., to William O'Brien informing him of an enclosed item of a "come-all-y'u" song he sent into WWJ radio station in response to a question posed, discussing their introduction by James Connolly in 1914 and speaking of the "James Connolly Club" in Detroit, founded by Sean Murray and chairmanned by Captain Robert Montieth, 1936 Mar. 27.
Christmas card from Peadar Seán Doyle and Mrs Doyle to [William O'Brien] for the 1936 Christmas and 1937 New Year, 1936 [Dec.].
Copy letter from John J. Lyng to William O'Brien discussing the screening of 'Plough and the Star', a play written by Sean O'Casey and adapted into a movie, in Radio City, New York, and speaking of the size of the theatre and the assorted audience that attended, 1937 Mar. 15
Letter from Joseph McGrath to Bill [William O'Brien] informing him he cannot help in relation to "Hugh Ward" and also that when they move to Ballsbridge he will have to make 30-40% of the male clerical and ordinary staff redundant, 1938 Mar. 18.
Letter from Joseph McGrath to William O'Brien informing him he spoke to the chairman about the nominees he sent him who promised he would "do the needful", 1938 Mar. 18.
Letter from Oliver St. John Gogarty to William O'Brien informing him the deal is to be conducted on Friday and also that he voted Labour, 1938 Jun. 22.
Letter from [R. J. Cremins?] to William O'Brien thanking him for his note of congratulations [regarding his new post as] secretary to the Post Office and reflecting on days passed, 1938 Aug.
Letter from Patrick O'Kelly to William O'Brien informing him he would be glad to be associated with Thomas Foran's send off and also stating he has enclosed a cheque for £1, 1938 Dec. 30.
Typescript letter from Joseph H. Fowler to William O'Brien informing him of two enclosed copies of his book 'Chapters in '98 History' and also that he will try to come to Ireland that year, 1939 Mar. 01.
Letter from Eamonn O'Duibir to William O'Brien discussing his worries that the Pensions Board's decisions that will not be decided upon for South Tipperary cases for "some months to come", informing him of his lack of revenue and requesting a loan in order to procure additional cows, 1939 Apr. 19.
Letter from Eamonn O'Duibir to William O'Brien thanking him for the £20 loan, discussing the "international situation" [WWII] and also of Ireland's policy of neutrality, their victory over conscription and the problem of unemployment and poverty in Ireland, 1939 May 06.
Letter from Joseph J. Bouch to William O'Brien informing him he has found a list of pseudonyms used by the Irish political leaders during the period O'Brien is at present interested in and including a list of three pseudonyms, 1939 May 08.
Letter from [Donald Daly?] to William O'Brien thanking him for the information he sent him regarding 'The Keys of the Bastille' and including a copy of the letter O'Brien sent into the 'Observer', 1939 Aug. 09-10.
Typescript letter from Bishop Michael [Brown] to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of a pamphlet, 1940 Sep. 17
Copy letter from William O'Brien to his aunt "Mrs. Shovellier" advising her and "Uncle Tom" to move back to Ireland due to the terrible conditions they are under in London and also assuring her he can arrange this move for them, 1940 Sep. 27
Letter from William G. Cruice to William O'Brien thanking him for the socialist literature he sent him, discussing the views of rural Irish people in regards to socialism and their unemployment problem, and also speaking of trade unions in England and America in which he was a member, 1940 Oct. 07.
Letter from Daniel Clancy to William O'Brien informing him he has enclosed £5 he borrowed from him and thanking his for this kindness and including reply from O'Brien on verso, 1940 Oct. 16-19.
Typescript letter from F[intan] P[atrick] Walsh, General President of the Federated Seamen's Union of New Zealand, to William O'Brien introducing Mr. C. M. Ongley, a member of the Union and a qualified solicitor, 1941 Jan. 14.
Letter from Mollie Hall to William O'Brien requesting the address of the chariman of the Labour Party as she is coverning the Labour Party conference for the Daily Herald, 1941 Apr. 16.
Letter from Nora Connolly O'Brien to William O'Brien regarding a position he informed her about in the Distributive Workers Union for her husband Seamus and also informing him that Seamus has put in his application for an exit permit to England, 1941 Jul. 22.
Partial letter from [Nora Connolly O'Brien] to [William O'Brien] regarding her mother and O'Brien receiving pensions for their part in the Easter Rising and the stipulations concerened in receiving one, 1941 Sep. 15.
Typsecript letter from John MacDonagh to William O'Brien thanking him for the leaflets and informing him he sent him on the "buttons", 1941 Sep. 22.
Letter from Mollie Hall to William O'Brien informing him she is marrying Joseph MacColum in January but will be keeping her present job [at the Daily Herald] as they cannot afford otherwise and requesting if the Union would continue to give her items of news, 1941 Dec. 19.
Typescript letter from Desmond Ryan to William O'Brien informing him he has enclosed lists of articles included and excluded in the selection of articles for Connolly's writings and also informing him of mistakes within the lists, 1942 Aug. 09.
Letter from M. J. MacManus to William O'Brien informing him he will look into an assumption O'Brien made in regards to "[James Jeffrey] Roche's Introduction to the [John] Boyle O'Reilly book", 1942 Oct. 20.
Letter from M. J. MacManus to William O'Brien informing him "Frank Callaghan" met "Mr Wheelwright" in New York and his doubts that he had a hand in 'The King's [Men?]' and also referring to 'Belmont Castle' written by Wolfe Tone and his two student friends, 1942 Dec. 02.
Letter from P. O'Dochartaigh to William O'Brien regarding the County Tipperary Labour Party candidates selected for the upcoming general election and providing his opinions on them, 1942 Dec. 21.
Telegraph from J. J. O'Leary to William O'Brien offering his "hearty congratulations and best wishes", 1943 Jan. 29.
Letter from "C. Ongley" to William O'Brien thanking him for his kindness, informing him of his plan to enter medical school with the help of his two friends from New Zealand providing him with money and also referring to "Shylock", 1943 May 12.
Letter from James D. Savage to William O'Brien thanking him for the books he sent to him and his mother, discussing his views on "Gearoid D. Cunningam" and informing him of the econimic classes they hold in the camp, 1943 May 15.
Letter from Joseph McGrath to William O'Brien informing him he will phone in order to organise a meeting the following week and also that the mix up the previous week was due a mistake in his office, 1943 May 20.
Letter from James D. Savage to William O'Brien explaining his delay in replying was due to the hunger strike at the camp, discussing how the writings of James Connolly and his reading of the 'Torch' has altered his political ideology and informing him of his lack of work at present during his three month parole, 1943 Aug. 31.
Typescript letter from R.[oderick] J.[ames] Connolly to William O'Brien informing him he will send him on a fresh copy or the original of a letter from James Connolly addressed to Father Hore, administrator at Wexford, as soon as he can lay his hands on them and expressing his happiness at O'Brien publishing his father's letters, 1943 Nov. 13.
Letter from Daniel Breen to [Thomas] Foran discussing his regret at finding out William O'Brien dislikes him and asking Foran to clear up the situation with O'Brien, including cover letter from Thomas Foran to William O'Brien informing him of the enclosed letter, 1944 Jan. 18-21.
Letter from M[aev] [Healy] Sullivan to William O'Brien regarding his corections and opinions on her book [No Man's Man?] and also clearing up any confusion with the contents of the book, 1944 Jan. 18.
Copy letter from Sean O'hOgain to William O'Brien discussing an idea for a play about "Stephens", speaking of the time he met him and his brother, Daniel O'Brien, in 1894 and mentioning O'Brien's career and family bloodline, 1944 Mar. 09
Copy letter from Sean T. O'Kelly to William O'Brien informing him he has passed on his brother's [Daniel/Thomas O'Brien's?] letters to the secretary of the Department of Finance as he requested, discussing the contents of the letter and mentioning they were of very special interest to him, 1944 Mar. 25.
Letter from M. J. MacManus to William O'Brien apologising for holding onto his book for so long, informing him it is ready to be collected and mentioning he found it of very great interest to him, 1944 Jul. 05.
Typescript letter from R. J. Cremins, Secretary to the Department of Posts and Telegraphs, to William O'Brien informing him he is returning Tom's [Thomas O'Brien's?] letters to him, mentioning that he found them extremely interesting, and also reflecting on the poeple they have lost and others that were mentioned in the letters, 1944 Nov. 28.
Letter from P. Scully to John Murray, Secretary of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, asking for information on the progress of Irish workers, requesting he send copies of 'The Voice' to him, for which he will cover expenses for, and speaking of his hopes of permanent security for farmers and workers, 1945 Mar. 08
Typescript letter from Elinor O'Brien to "Friend" [William O'Brien] informing him of an enclosed review she believes would be of interest to him in light of recent events in the trade union movement and querying whether he would like to submit an article for the next issue of 'Irish Workers' Weekly' expressing his views on said issue, 1945 Apr. 04.
Letter from Ambrose V. Martin to William O'Brien speaking of his happiness at having met him as it reminded him of "dear old Ireland", speaking of trade business between Ireland, Spain and France and requesting O'Brien use his influence in Ireland to amend his business being tied to Paris, 1945 Nov. 17.
Letter from "[Joe?] Walsh" to William O'Brien informing him of enclosed photographs he is returning to him and wishing him many happy years of retirement, 1946 Feb. 25.
Typescript letter from Diarmuid Lynch to William O'Brien congratulating him on his retirement and his article in the 'Irish Press', referring to their meeting pre-1916 and comments made in the article regarding his inclusion in Easter Week and the alterations he may have to make to his 1938 statement if the comments are true, 1946 Mar. 01.
Letter from William J. Ryan to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of 'The Life of James Connolly', discussing the sudden death of his brother and his own ill health, 1946 May 20.
Typescript letter from Thomas Power of California, USA, to William O'Brien informing him he has a membership card of James Connolly from the Irish Socialist Republican Party and Michael Davitt's membership card for the Land League and also requesting he inform him of when he visits as he will provide accomodation, 1946 Jun. 14.
Typescript letter from Thomas Power of California, USA, to William O'Brien informing him he cannot travel due to a broken leg, mentioning he has enclosed the two membership cards of James Connolly and Michael Davitt and providing him with his home address and telephone number, 1946 Jul. 08.
Typescript letter from Thomas Power of California, USA, to William O'Brien apologising for having missed him during his visit to the United States and providing information on his family, 1946 Jul. 25.
Letter from William O'Brien in New York to "Cissie" [Mary Francis O'Brien] describing his travel arrangements and difficulties in obtaining a plane back to Ireland, the meetings he has had with various people, including the lawyer who prosecuted Jim Larkin, and also discussing his day with "Tom's widow" [Thomas O'Brien], 1946 Jul. 31.
Letter from Cathal O'Shannon to William O'Brien informing him [Sean] Lemass will call a conference between the [Congress of Irish Unions] and the Irish Trade Union Congress under his chairmanship, as the Industrial Relations Bill will be operative and informing him of when their team will meet, 1946 Aug. 17.
Letter from [C. D. Watters?] to William O'Brien informing him of his visit to 35 Parnell Square and the confusion that ensued, and also describing the picture of O'Brien done in oils where he is locked up behind bars, 1946 Dec. 20.
Typescript letter from "J. J. Walshe" to William O'Brien thanking him for his kind inquiry regarding his physical conditional, 1947 Jan. 16.
Letter from Helena Molony to William O'Brien informing him of an enclosed picture she is sending him of "Rev. W. Donnelly's" arrest and discussing how she believes it safer with him than Donnelly's family as she believes they would exploit the picture in "some inaccurate or untruthful way", 1947 May 15.
Typescript letter from M[ichael] McDunphy to William O'Brien requesting his help in gathering accurate information in regards to the formation of the Citizens Army as there has been conflicting statements thus far, 1947 May. 23.
Typescript letter from J. C. M. Eason to William O'Brien informing him he has enclosed a file referring to a very small incident that he thinks would interest him, 1948 Jan. 21.
Typescript letter from Edward MacLysaght to William O'Brien requesting he thank Mr. O'Kelly on his behalf for the amount of trouble taken looking into his case, 1948 Apr. 20.
Letter from Sean [McCann?] to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy and congratulation him and everyone invloved in 'Devoy's Postbag', 1948 May 22.
Postcard from Nora C.[onnoly O'Brien] to William O'Brien informing him she presented his book to the "man of the house" and would like to know if he would autograph it, 1948 May 29.
Typescript letter from Michael O'Conor to William O'Brien requesting his help in tracing whether the Sydney Arnold he knew when growing up was the same as a Mr. John Arnall who interrupted a meeting held by the Fiscal Reform League in 1904, 1948 Jun. 08.
Typescript letter from Eamon Martin to William O'Brien informing he has just arrived back for the U.S.A. and very much appreciates him sending on the Devoy book, 1948 Ju. 25.
Letter from Theodore William Moody to William O'Brien confirming a meeting with him and informing a porter a the gate will lead him to his office , 1948 Jun. 30.
Typescript letter from Charles T. Rice to Wlliam O'Brien thanking him for his copy of 'Devoy's Post Bag' and congratulating him on such a wonderful job done, 1948 Jul. 13.
Typescript letter from Colm Ó Lochlainn to William O'Brien containing a paragraph from a letter received from "E. Byrne Hackett of The Brick Row Book Shop, fifty-five fifth avenue, New York, which includes praise for the 'Irish Book Lover' journal and also 'Devoy's Post Bag', which he mentions will be promoted to forty other librarians of Irish ancestry by himself through a sepcial letter, 1949 Jan. 07.
Typescript letter from Michael McDunphy, secretary to the President of Ireland, on behalf of Seán T. O'Kelly, the President of Ireland, to William O'Brien requesting if O'Brien would have any additional information, including the date, those present and the decisions taken, pertaining to a meeting held by the Gaelic League shortly after the outbreak of World War One, 1949 Mar. 10.
Copy letter of reply from William O'Brien to Michael McDunphy informing him of an article he wrote entitled 'James Connolly and Easter Week' and stating he is enclosing a proof of this, which he believes contains the information the President, Seán T. O'Kelly, is looking for, 1949 Mar. 21.
Typescript letter from Michael McDunphy, secretary to the President of Ireland, on behalf of Seán T. O'Kelly, the President of Ireland, to William O'Brien thanking him for the article entitled 'James Connolly and Easter Week', 1949 Mar. 22.
Letter from "Genevieve and John Hearne" to William O'Brien thanking him and his sister, Mary Francis O'Brien, for their kindness during their stay in Ireland and informing him of the various places they visited, 1949 Sep. 28.
Letter from [D. McAllister?], of the Belfast branch of the I.T.& G.W.U., to William O'Brien informing him of the set-up in which to order books and assuring him that he will get a special early delivery of the catologue to order from, mentioning he enjoyed reading 'Devoy's Post Bag' and looks forward to the second volume and also the upcoming Connolly book, and also discussing the books he orders in for the Belfast free library and branch libraries, 1949 Oct. 20.
Letter from "Bob Quinn" to William O'Brien discussing O'Brien's writings on James Connolly and his activities during Easter Rising week and thanking him for sending him a copy, 1949 Dec. 21.
Letter from George Bernard Shaw to William O'Brien informing him he had no contacts or political relations with Jim Connell, albeit, both Socialists, 1950 Jan. 22.
Postcard from Reginald Reynolds to William O'Brien informing him the delay in his reply was due to his travels in India and also assuring him he would be glad of any other corrections Desomd Ryan comes across in the existing edition of 'Labour, Nationality and Religion', 1950 Mar. 31.
Typescript letter from Richards Walshe, T.D., to William O'Brien providing him with the names and address of "Miss Mary Dunleavy" and recommending her for "any postion of trust", 1950 May 09.
Letter from Hugh Ryan to William O'Brien informing him he has enclosed a number of old bank notes to be repaired, mentioning that he is unsure whether they are of any great value and assuring him he will pay any expenses incurred by O'Brien, 1950 Aug. 20.
Typescript letter from unidentifiable author to William O'Brien informing him of travel arrangement to their home and also walking directions from the train station, 1950 Oct. 09.
Letter from Hugh Ryan to William O'Brien regarding the papers of "J. J. Healy", informing him the National Library of Ireland have expressed interest in them and have offered to take them and also mentioning various books he would like to read, 1950 Oct. 27.
Typescript letter from C. Desmond Greaves to William O'Brien informing him he is preparing an historical work including the early history of the Irish Labour Movement and requesting if he may call on O'Brien's home to view his records from this period, in particular that of the Irish Socialist Republican Party, the Workers' Republic and the Socialist Party of Ireland, 1950 Nov. 29.
Copy letter from Patricia Ruston to William O'Brien informing him of an enclosed copy of "Mr. Hanly's" application for Professorship of Architecture in order for him to gauge his standing and qualifications, 1951 Apr. 04.
Letter from J. T. Gwynn to William O'Brien expressing his regret at having not recognised him and stopping him for a talk when they passed eachother by in Dublin and informing him he has been out of journalism and in school mastering for the past fifteen years, 1951 Apr. 14.
Letter from Nora [Connolly O'Brien] to William O'Brien providing him with the address of "Fiona" in Middlesex and discussing an article in the 'Demorcrat', 1951 Apr. 20.
Letter from [Tom Foran?] to William O'Brien discussing the "present generation of Labour people" and mentioning that he does not believe they would do well if they were faced with what O'Brien and himself were faced with in from 1912 onwards, 1951 May. 10.
Letter from unidentifiable author to "Pat" informing him he is at the Geneva Conference and will be unable to travel to Ireland and also hoping he has informed [William] O'Brien of this, 1951 Jun. 27.
Typescript letter from J. F. Cairns to William O'Brien informing him he is currently over from Australia on a Nuffield Fellowship to study the connections between the labour movements in Australia and in the U.K. and Ireland, requesting his assistance in gathering this information regarding Ireland and enclosing a list of questions, 1952 Jan. 07.
Typescript letter from Seán T. O'Kelly, President of Ireland, to William O'Brien thanking him for his "gracious message of congratulations" on his re-election as President for a second term in office, 1952 Jun. 05.
Letter from Udolphus Wright to William O'Brien informing him he will be in hospital for a week of tests, discussing a twist bit satchel he had made in O'Brien's shop and stating he looks forward to meeting and discussing the old Abbey, with attached newspaper cuttings referring to the death of Udolphus Wright later that month, 1952 Oct. 21-Nov.30.
Typescript letter from Richard Mulcahy to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of Volume Two of 'Devoy's Post Bag' and mentioning he believes the material in this Volume may be more challenging and stimulating than that of the material in Volume 1, 1953 Feb. 05.
Typescript letter from Seán MacEntee to William O'Brien thanking him for his copy of Volume Two of 'Devoy's Post Bag' and suggesting he write his memoirs in order to contribute to the permanent records of the labour and national movements, 1953 Feb. 06.
Letter from Seán T. Ó Ceallaigh, President of Ireland, to William O'Brien thanking him for his copy of Volume Two of 'Devoy's Post Bag', 1953 Feb. 06.
Letter from Patrick O'Kelly to William O'Brien informing him he is returning his "profile" which is a 95% "certificate of character" and informing him "Paddy Connolly" of the Curragh racecourse will be calling him shortly to enquire about a large table for their boardroom, 1953 Feb. 27.
Letter from Patrick Hedderman, New York, to William O'Brien thanking him for his copy of 'Devoy's Post Bag' and discussing the turn of events in New York subsequent to the November elections and introduction of the new administration, 1953 Mar. 01.
Letter from [Maura Quinn?] to William O'Brien informing him she read of his publication, 'Devoy's Post Bag', and congratulating him on the favourable reviews, 1953 Mar. 02.
Typescript letter fom Desmod Ryan to William O'Brien informing him that he has sent a corrected proof of a leaflet to "Fallon's" and also referring to a matter concerning "Mrs. Clarke", "Madge Daly" and "Miss MacSwiney", 1953 Mar. 11.
Typescript letter from Erskin H. Childers to William O'Brien thanking him for the leaflet he sent him written by his father, Robert Erskine Childers, 1953 Mar. 23.
Letter from Patrick O'Kelly to William O'Brien thanking him for the a copy of Volume Two of 'Devoy's Post Bag', informing him that "Paddy Connolly" thought that O'Brien's table was too big and expensive for the club at the Curragh, and mentioning the gravestone that will be erected over Thomas Foran's new grave, 1953 Mar. 30.
Letter from Joseph J. Hearne, California, to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of Volume Two of 'Devoy's Post Bag', praising the publication, speaking of his family and the current political situation in the United States and also including a photograph of himself, his mother and "Margaret" , 1953 Jul. 12.
Letter from Helena Molony to William O'Brien providing a suggestion of him writing a book dealing with Trade Unionism in Ireland, 1953 Aug. 10.
Typescript letter from Fintan Murphy to William O'Brien informing him of an enclosed photograph of members of the I.R.B., discussing the various different members asked to identify faces in the photograph, with little success, and requesting O'Brien attempt and identify them also, 1955 Apr. 16.
Letter from James O'Brien to William O'Brien thanking him for allowing him to read "this odyssey" of his dear old friend and discussing a likeness in the description in the work of an area to that of Oxford, 1955 Oct. 06.
Letter from "Kathleen [O'Cahalon?]" to William O'Brien agreeing with him that the youth of today do not care or know anything of the pioneers or of history, informing him she is sending his book over to her niece who is studying Irish modern history in Oxford and discussing her part in the "Republican movement" after her fathers death in 1916, [1955?] Sep. 28.
Letter from Helena Molony to William O'Brien expressing her shame of various events that happened during the "Labour Movement", mentioning falsifications in journalism referring to the Irish Womens Workers Union and "Mayor O'Donohoe" stating the I.R.B. announced another Rising to happen before the War was over, and discussing the topics she would like to cover in a short paper she has been asked to write, 1956 Feb. 07.
Letter from Helena Molony to William O'Brien mentioning an article in the Irish Times referring to Jim Larkin and O'Brien's subsequent response, discussing comments James Larkin's made in America referring to the Rebel Leaders of 1916, and also regarding the references made about Jim Larkin's and Padraic Pearse's "close bond" due to his sons attending St. Enda's School, 1956 Mar. 25.
Letter from Joseph McGrath to William O'Brien regarding a position "young Jim" is presently in with a "fellow" and its likeness to a similar positon his father, James Larkin, was in with P. J. Healy, 1956 Mar. 26.
Letter from Reverend W. P. Allen to William O'Brien thanking him for his copy of Volume Two of 'Devoy's Post Bag', congratulating and praising O'Brien and Desmond Ryan on the publication and requesting their autographs, 1956 Sep. 05.
Typescript letter from C. Desmond Greaves to William O'Brien regarding his research of James Connolly's life and asking whether O'Brien knew of a false name Connolly may have used when enlisted in the Militia, 1956 Nov. 13.
Copy letter from D[esmond] R[yan] to William O'Brien regarding his research involving [Rev. David] Moriarty and his views on the Manchester Martyrs, [Terence] de Vere White and inaccuracies in his writings on modern Irish history and Ryan's uncertainty at the facts in the new edition of 'The Rising', 1958 Jan 28.
Letter from Colm Ó Lochlainn to William O'Brien regarding procuring two men for a job in "sales promotion", acquiring two promises of financial support and describing how is company is "constituted", 1958 Aug. 29.
Typescript letter from Fintan Kennedy to William O'Brien informing him on enclosed list of photographs dating from 1909-1916 intended for use in the Golden Jubilee souvenir publication and requesting O'Brien's help with certain photographs, 1958 Dec. 04.
Letter from John [Mulleny?] to William O'Brien informing him of the death of his father, Jack [Mulleny?], and the cause of his death, 1958 Dec. 22.
Invitation from the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union National Executive Council to William O'Brien requesting his presence at the Golden Jubilee Dinner in the Metropole Ballroom, Monday, January 5th at 8pm, 1959 Jan. 05.
Typescript letter from Colm [Ó Lochlainn] to William O'Brien informing him of an enclosed "first bound copy" of 'Labour in Ireland', informing him of corrections made,mentioning the suggestion he proposed to the Union of issuing an advertisement of the four volumes and sending the volumes out to a select few and also includes a draft reply from O'Brien on verso, 1959 Jan. 16.
Letter from Seán Mac Eoin to William O'Brien thanking him for his letter and newspaper cuttings of 1921, dicussing Seán McGrath's capture and sentence to death during the [War of Independence] and informing him he took steps "which saved McGrath's life", 1959 Oct. 09.
Partial letter from the Central Bank of Ireland to William O'Brien informing him he spoke with "P.O'C." [Patrick O'Kelly] and explaing that O'Kelly has work at the moment, mainly social, but would be glad to assist O'Brien with a publication, 1960 Feb. 09.
Letter from Nora Connolly O'Brien informing him she and her husband, Seamus, are unable to visit as he is ill and in the Mater Hospital receiving his second blood transfusion, 1960 Feb. 17.
Letter from G.[erald] Bolard to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of the Golden Jubillee Book of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union and describing a photograph in the book that was of particular interest to him, 1960 Mar. 08.
Letter from Eamonn O'Carroll to William O'Brien thanking him for the historic document he sent him and informing him it will be a treasured book on his shelf, 1960 Mar. 12
Letter from Joe Mahony to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of the Golden Jubilee Book of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union and arranging a meeting for them as their is something he wants to have "a chat" about, 1960 Mar. 15
Letter from Tony Browne to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of the Golden Jubilee Book of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union and informing him of his move to Cork and how he is settling in, 1960 Mar. 15.
Letter from Sean C. [Solter?] to William O'Brien thanking him for the Golden Jubille Book fo the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union and expressing he believes the recognition O'Brien is receiving now has been long overdue, 1960 Mar. 24.
Letter from Fiona [Connolly Edwards] to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of 'Fifty Years of Liberty Hall', informing him of her time in Dublin and how it was tied up due to Seamus' illness, and asking after "Cissie" [Mary Francis O'Brien], 1960 Mar. 30.
Typescript letter from Richard Knowles Morris to William O'Brien thanking him for his reply regarding John Philip Holland, informing him he has enclosed a cheque of $9 for the purchase of both volumes of 'Devoy's Post Bag' and requesting if there are any other works that include information on Holland, 1960 Sep. 14.
Typescript letter from Fintan Kennedy to William O'Brien informing him what the National Executive Committee are providing for him in order to assist him in his intention in writing a book relating to the affairs of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union down through the years and also stating the National Executive Council would like a draft copy of the script prior to any other arrangements are made, 1960 Sep. 24.
Typescript letter from Richard K[nowles] Morris to William O'Brien informing him the two volumes of 'Devoy's Post Bag' have arrived and offering his praise of the books, 1960 Nov. 07.
Christmas card from Willie Lyon to William O'Brien informing him of the contact he made with bookshops in Glasgow in order to organise the sale of James Connolly's books and discussing his time in Dublin, 1961 Feb. 11.
Letter from G[erald] Boland to William O'Brien thanking him for the article regarding Mountjoy [Prison] and requesting if he recalls who was present when himself, Sean T. Ó Ceallaigh, and Éamon De Valera called to Tom Johnson's house in Ranelagh in 1927 to discuss the entrance of a party [Fianna Fáil] into the Dáil, 1961 Feb. 19.
Letter from Frank Lambert to William O'Brien replying on behalf of his late Father, James Lambert, providing his mothers address and informing him of the wellbeing of the remainder of the family, 1961 Aug. 30.
Typescript letter from P. J. O'Brien, secretary of the I.T. & G.W.U. Cork branch, to William O'Brien informing him he has made tentative arrangements with Seamus Murphy to work on a bust of O'Brien and also mentioning Murphy would need five or six sittings to complete the sculpture, 1961 Sep. 11.
Typescript letter from P. J. O'Brien, secretary of the I.T. & G.W.U. Cork branch, to William O'Brien thanking him for a cheque of £3.10.10 and stating he believes O'Brien will find Seamus Murphy an agreeable person, 1961 Oct. 17.
Typescript letter from Helen Landreth, of Bapst Library, Boston College, to William O'Brien discussing a list he sent her of Irish Literature, informing him their library has all but one from the list and mentioning she will pass the list on to the De Paul University, Chicago, 1961 Nov. 10.
Typescript letter from Florrie [Florence] O'Donoghue to William O'Brien informing him he received his note sent on by Seamus Murphy and explaining the reasoning behind him referring to Arthur Griffith as Acting Chariman of the Provisional Government in his publication 'No Other Law' , 1961 Dec. 12
Letter from Desmond Ryan to William O'Brien accepting his offer for a collection of French books, speaking of his ill health, discussing his broadcast which spoke of [Arthur] "Griffith" [W. T.] "Cosgrave" and [Éamon] "De Valera", reviewing various pieces of Irish literature and speaking of publishing his work, 1963 Feb. 06.
Letter from G[erald] Boland to William O'Brien thanking him for the "1915 call to the meeting at 41 York St[reet]" and mentioning himself and Harry [Boland] frequented there as children, 1963 Feb. 20.
Typescript letter from Michael Hayes to William O'Brien providing a list of names and their corresponding governmental roles of the proposed Cabinet of August 1927 and requesting his comments of the list, 1963 Sep. 16.
Typescript letter from Michael Hayes to William O'Brien informing him the question of participation in the Government of 1927 was not put to the Labour Party and also stating William Redmond enquired as to what position his "group" [National League Party] would be in if the Vote of No Confidence was carried through, 1963 Oct. 25.
Partial letter from unknown author to William O'Brien discussing the publication '50 years of Liberty Hall', the Golden Jubilee souvenir of the I.T & G.W.U. and informing him of his memeories of the Labour Movement in Ireland, the 1916 Rising and James Connolly, 1963 Nov. 04
Typescript letter from Seán MacEntee to William O'Brien thanking him for his note and reminiscing of the time O'Brien was under arrest and in "manacles" [for his part in the Irish War of Independence], and was subsequently nominated as a candidate in the Oldham bye-election, 1963 Nov. 25.
Letter from Willie Lyon to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of 'Fifty years of Liberty Hall', informing him his friend, Mr Mitchell, would like to reimburse him for the advertisement in the 'Tribune' and for the book itself and discussing the artist "Cynicus" [Martin Anderson], 1964 Apr. 20.
Invitation from "Dara, Ruán" and Colm Ó Lochlainn to "Bill" [William O'Brien] for his presence at their coming-out party on "November Day", 1964.
Typescript copy letter from David Mitchell to William O'Brien informing him he intends to include a chapter on Countess Markievicz in his book on British women in the First World War and enquiring if he can have permission to use material from the introduction O'Brien wrote in 'Labour and Easter Week', 1965 Jan. 14.
Typescript letter from W. A. Neville Figgis to William O'Brien offering him a further £100 to add to the £650 offer for all the books, pamphlets and magazines in the bookroom at 89 Pembroke Road, 1966 Nov. 11.
Copy typescript letter from Richard K[nowles] Morris to William O'Brien acknowledging his debt to O'Brien for sending him both volumes of 'Devoy's Post Bag' as it proved invaluable to his work in his own published biography of "John P. Holland" and informing him he will be making use of the publications again for his paper for the Galway Archaeologial and Historical Society meeting, 1967 Apr. 17.
Letter from M. J. MacManus to William O'Brien thanking him two A.E. pamphlets for the bibliography, informing him he found both very intersting, and assuring him he will return them in a few days as he is aware the copies are unique, 1935 Sep. 04.
Draft claim of citizenship of Ambrose Victor Martin, written in O'Brien's hand, including information of his birth, family, passport and life in Ireland and France, undated.
Letter from Willie Lyon to William O'Brien informing him of his delight with a copy of 'A night in Mountjoy', stating he is enclosing a review of C. Desmond Greaves book on 'The Life and Tiems of James Connolly' , undated.
Partial christmas card, of 'The Kilmainham Madonna' painted by Grace Gifford, from the "Dublin [and?] Family" to William and Mary Francis O'Brien, undated.
Copy typescript letter from Seán T. Ó Ceallaigh, Paris, to William O'Brien asking him to introduce Frank P. Walsh, Chairman of the American Commission on Irish Independence, to prominent labour workers during his visit to Dublin, and informing him he has become well acquainted with his well travelled brother, 1919 May 01.
Copy typescript letter from Seán T. Ó Ceallaigh and E.Ó Caolain of Cumann na Poblachta, to William O'Brien forwarding a copy of a letter they had sent to Thomas Johnson, Secretary fo the Labour Party declining Johnson's invitation to a meeting of the Irish Labour Party, 1922 July 19.
Copy typescript letter from Peadar O'Donnell, I.R.A. Executive, to William O'Brien informing him that P[atrick] O'Brien has been paid off from work and requesting if William O'Brien can adjust matters in this case in order to help his family, 1922 Jul. 23.
Copy typescript letter from Sean T. O'Kelly to William O'Brien regarding his worries over the large number of "young lads" in the Gormanstown internment camp, the delayed pace at which post arrives and departs, and the deliberate withholding of newspapers by the officers, 1922 Oct. 27.
Copy typescript letter from Kevin O'Higgins to William O'Brien informing him a joint deputation of representatives of Theatre and Cinema proprietors, operators and staff visited him with their views and also requesting to meet with O'Brien and other Labour Leaders urgently to discuss these matters, 1923 March.
Copy typescript letter from Kevin O'Higgins, Minister for Home Affairs, to William O'Brien of a transcript of a telephone conversation between J. J. Farrell of the Cinema Association to the Ministry detailing the picture houses from which the Transport Union have withdrawn staff, 1923 Mar. 26.
Copy typescript letters from M[argaret] Rodgers, aunt to Peadar O'Donnell, to William O'Brien informing him of urgent business relating to Peadar O'Donnell in which he has been transferred from the Curragh Camp to Finner Camp, Co. Donegal, as hostage and is to be shot if any activities take place in Donegal and requesting his and the Unions help in this matter, 1923 Apr. 07.
Copy typescript letters from Thomas MacPartlin to William O'Brien regarding assembling the National Executive, members of the Labour movement since 1913 and James Larkin in a conference to speak of future work so as to avoid any friction and prevent a split in the Labour movement, 1923 May.
Copy typescript letter from A.S. O'Muircadhaigh (Henry Murray) to William O'Brien on behalf of Joseph McGrath regarding the case of Charles O'Reilly and informing him "that there is no definite charge which can be preferred against this prisoner", 1923 May 29.
Letter from Desmond Ryan to William O'Brien regarding William Morris's visit to Dublin described in various pieces of literature, a subsequent "incident" that occurred while he was in Dublin, an amazing reception he held at a Dublin workings man's club and Ryan thanking O'Brien for sending him copies of 'The Voice', 1926 Dec. 14.
Copy typescript letters from William O'Brien to Edward John Cecil Neep correcting him on his work in 'Seditious Offences', including copy letter requesting it be passed onto Neep, through the secretary of the Fabian Society, and also Neep's reply letter explaining the work is termed correctly and informing him he will refer to their communication in the next edition, 1927 Aug. 20-26.
Copy typescript letter from John J. Lyng to William O'Brien informing him of his surprise in seeing Thomas O'Brien's death in the 'Weekly Independent', speaking of his full life, his linguistic qualifications and offering his sympathies to the O'Brien family, 1928 Oct. 19.
Copy typescript letter from William O'Brien to Desmond Ryan informing him he described Jim Connell as a Tipperary man in the 'Irish Press', whereby Meath are entitled to that honour and enquiring as to whether he has read 'Sixty Years of an Agitator's Life', 1931 Sep. 25.
Typescript letter from Desmond Ryan to William O'Brien informing him he wrote the 'Irish Press' article in haste, discussing Irish political literature, informing him he will one day re-write the James Connolly book and mentioning having met [Cathal] O'Shannon and "J. S. Clarke" recently in London, 1931 Oct. 08.
Copy typescript letter from John J. Lyng to William O'Brien discussing the screening of 'Plough and the Star', a play written by Sean O'Casey and adapted into a movie, in Radio City, New York, and speaking of the size of the theatre and the assorted audience that attended, 1937 Mar. 15
Copy typescript letter from Seán T. O Ceallaigh and Sean MacEntee to William O'Brien regarding his brothers, Thomas John O'Brien's, letters and advising he get them published, 1944 Mar. 25-1945 Aug. 10.
Letter from Cathal O'Shannon to William O'Brien discussing articles in 'The Herald' and 'Saturday Post', mentioning a lecture he gave at the old Trades Hall in Capel Street in 1917, informing O'Brien he has been asked to review 'The Kerryman's' latest collection of IRA narratives, and discussing examination results he received in his private post while at Reading, 1953 Apr. 22.
Letter from "Sister Annunciata Ryan" from the Holy Family Convent, Sri Lanka, to William O'Brien expressing her appreciation at having received one volume of 'Devoy's Post Bag' as a gift from him and congratulating him on this work, 1953 Jun. 11.
Typescript letter from W.[illiam] P.[eyton] Coates to William O'Brien infomring him Nora Connolly O'Brien spent an evening with them when she was in London and also requesting information regarding the Trades Union Congress held in the Mansion House in 1918 when Ireland was threatened with conscription, 1953 Jun. 22.
Letter from Cathal O'Shannon to William O'Brien informing him of an enclosed copy of Diarmuid Lynch's book and requesting his comments, commenting on the editor and the use of the words "arrest" and "kidnapping" in the book and also mentioning the confusion over who is presenting the bust of James Connolly, 1957 May 06.
Letter from John Farren to William O'Brien thanking him for a copy of 'Devoy's Post Bag' and informing him he would be "pleased to recommend some of the present leaders in the Labour Movement to study it carefully", 1957 Jul. 09.
Letter from Catherine Lyng, daughter of John J. Lyng, to William O'Brien thanking him for the book John Harvey's 'Dublin', sharing her hopes that she, her family and her father may travel to Ireland the following year, discussing her families heritage and mentioning she may attempt to record her father stories, 1958 Apr. 18.
Copy typescript statement of William O'Brien describing the absence of James Connolly for a period of three days in January 1916, the lead-up to, and the events of, the 1916 Rising, and also the subsequent Republican and Labour Movements in 1917, undated.
Copy typescript statement of Milo McGarry describing the immediate lead-up to the Easter Rising, the train to Limerick to deliver the despatch to John Daly's house, the confusion over the countermanding orders Daly received, recounting the aftereffects the Rising had on the city and their home, the ensuing years and people who stayed in their house, including Eamon De Valera, and detailing the burning of papers of the Dáil, undated.
Copy typescript statement of Mabel McGarry describing her mothers journey, accompanied by her brother, Milo McGarry, to Limerick to deliver a despatch to the Commandant of the Irish Volunteers in Limerick, (John Daly), informing them her house at 31 Upper Fitzwilliam Square was a district headquaters of the Irish Republican Army, explaining her role after the Easter Rising until 1921 and detailing the use of her house by political bodies, including members of the Dáil cabinet, American delegates and Eamon De Valera, undated.
Copy typescript statement of William O'Brien regarding his professional relationship with Mabel McGarry and informing them he was aware of her active support of the movement for independence, 1945 Apr. 30.
Partial copy typescript statement of unknown author describing the "kidnapping" of James Connolly, undated.
Correspondence between William O'Brien and Edward MacLysaght concerning the preparation of O'Brien's memoirs for publication, 1962-1965 and undated.
Typescript letter from [Edward MacLysaght] to William O'Brien informing him of his principle historical works and including addtional titles of books in Irish and a novel, 1962 Nov. 26.
Letter from E[dward] MacLysaght to William O'Brien confirming he received his postponement and arranging an alternative date to meet, including a draft reply on verso from O'Brien, 1964 Mar. 03.
Letter from E[dward] MacLysaght to William O'Brien regarding organising a date to meet, and suggesting O'Brien arrange for "McKenna" to bring along the tape recorder to O'Brien's house when the date is arranged, 1964 Jul. 22.
Typescript letter from E[dward] MacLysaght to William O'Brien informing him there were duplicates in the letters he gave him, mentioning that there were letters from J.C. [James Connolly] to his wife in the letters and stating he cannot proceed much more without the transcripts from the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union, 1964 Aug. 17.
Postcard from E[dward] Mac L[ysaght] to William O'Brien informing him the transcripts from the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union have arrived and that he is keeping a copy and the other copy is being posted onto O'Brien, 1964 Aug. 18.
Typescript letter from E[dward] MacL[ysaght] to William O'Brien discussing the elements of O'Brien's collection that should be included in his book and informing him of the subjects to be further discussed on the tape-recorder , 1964 Aug. 24.
Letter from E[dward] MacLysaght to William O'Brien informing him he has been working long hours on another project and has not completed O'Brien's book and mentioning O'Brien will not hear from him for another three weeks due to this additional work and his holidays, 1964 Aug. 28.
Letter from E[dward] MacL[ysaght] to William O'Brien informing him of an interview in the 'Irish Times' with Seán T. O'Kelly in which he discusses a meeting "deciding on a Rising" in 1914 where "Tom Clarke, Pearse, MacDonagh" and "Connolly and William O'Brien" were present and advising a version from his point of view should be included in his book, 1964 Sep. 09.
Queries from [Edward MacLysaght] to William O'Brien to be answered for inclusion in his book, 1964 Sep. 12.
Letter from E[dward] MacL[ysaght] to William O'Brien informing him he has included notes on an appendices, requesting he add to the list of items and illustrations for the appendix if required, and advising O'Brien to include a comment on Liam Lynch in the book, 1964 Oct. 26.
Letter from E[dward] MacL[ysaght] to William O'Brien speaking of their ill health and informing him of enclosed photographs the National Library would like him to answer question about, 1964 Nov. 10.
Typescript letter from E[dward] MacL[ysaght] to W[illiam] O'B[rien] detailing a list of suggestions for the appendix, enquiring whether he would like certain elements included and supplying a list of actions to be completed by O'Brien for his book, 1964 Dec. 22.
Consolidated guidelines on HIV prevention, diagnosis, treatment and care for key populations | SAFAIDS
people who inject drugs, people in prisons and other closed settings, sex workers and transgender people – and updates selected guidance and recommendations. These
recommendations for all key populations; increase awareness of the needs of and issues important to key populations; improve access, coverage and uptake of effective and acceptable services; and catalyze greater national and global commitment to adequate funding and services.
January 10, 2018 Expert Advicefoods, hidden, high blood pressure, kidney disease, salt, sodium, stroke
Salt is an essential nutrient. But too much may lead to high blood pressure, strokes and kidney disease. Make sure the food you eat doesn’t hide salt.
For more than 20 years, Diane was the health reporter on WCSH 6. Before that, a radiation therapist at Maine Medical Center and after, Manager of Marketing/PR at Mercy Hospital. She now hosts and produces the Catching Health podcast and writes the award-winning blog Catching Health with Diane Atwood.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011
Welcome to the Celtic Cat Lover's newsletter from Torre Gunn, one of the founders of the Irish Drinking Songs for Cat Lovers hit music series.
Please add "marc@thebards.net" to your whitelist or email address book, so that you have no trouble receiving future issues!
We have published Cat Drinking Tails since 2005. Keep an eye open and you will be able to read every issue published since then right here.
Torre is a tabby cat and lead meower. Jenga is a large tuxedo cat. Rainy is beautiful Siamese princess. They own a simple-minded human named Marc Gunn, a Celtic geek musician and podcaster who writes cat songs.
The main reason they bother to keep him around is because he entertains them now and then and isn't too hard to take care of. They all perform together with The Dubliners' Tabby Cats.
CRITT Sport Loisirs, independent and recognized, aims to promote the development of the sports industry and recreation. It has laboratories authorized to test and certify products within this field, as well as some others in the workplace.
The structure of the interface between research, industry, public institutions and the sports movement's main field of action sports equipment (bikes, skateboards, roller skates, canoes, balloons, ...), the personal protective equipment (helmets, knee pads, gloves, jackets, ...) as well as structures (poles basketball, football goals, handball, ...) or sports floors (tatami mats, flooring, ...), and optical equipment and acoustic
Personal Protection in the workplace (welding goggles, helmets, anti noise, ...) for their certification standards.
CRITT Sport Loisirs indeed attests the conformity of equipment available to the public after having met all the safety tests required by decree. It also focuses on offering new products for them new methods of management and control. Its mission is to assist businesses, communities and local authorities, sports federations in various areas such as new product development, standardization and product certification control methods and management, feasibility study a project, the design of test methods, expertise and audit technical-economic ...
Authorized by the Ministry of Industry and the Ministry of Labour, Employment and Solidarity,CRITT Sport Loisirs also involved in the development of French and European standards.
The immunopathology of arthritis rheumatoid (RA) is from the production of inflammatory cytokines (IL-1, TNF-, IL-6), synovial proliferation, and cartilage invasion. i.a. and induces a `hereditary synovectomy’ after IV gancyclovir treatment. Angiogenesis can also be inhibited after gene transfer (antagonist of V 3 or plasminogen activator [PA], PF4, angiostatin). We buy ZM-241385 Rabbit Polyclonal to CDC7 will show new data displaying a reduction in arthritic intensity after adenoviral transfer of PA antagonist. Many of these focuses on may be combined with cytokine approach. Improvement in the introduction of safe non-viral gene delivery continues to be made in modern times. buy ZM-241385 Liposome HVJ is usually efficient to provide DNA in chondrocytes and synoviocytes without systemic diffusion. Efficient buy ZM-241385 HSV tk gene transfer continues to be accomplished in the synovium by regional injection of nude DNA plasmids. Plasmid shot in the muscle tissue coupled with electroporation boosts by 1000 the serum focus of cytokine. AAV vectors are parvoviruses made to end up being gutless and effective for immediate gene transfer em in vivo /em . Oddly enough, only a weakened immune system response against the transgene item is discovered in animals pursuing AAV-mediated gene transfer, enabling long-term appearance ( 1 . 5 years). These vectors are ideal to transfer genes in the synovial tissues. Using the SCID mouse model, we demonstrated the feasibility of gene transfer in individual tissues with AAV recombinant vectors. For gene therapy to become a highly effective and safe and sound strategy for the scientific administration of disease, gene appearance must be extremely regulated. The look of secure vectors to improve the duration of transgene appearance also to co-transfer regulatory genes can be an active section of research..
Founder of Beagle Consulting, Author of the Business Model Scan, Consulting Advocate, and Passionate Learner of Business & Leadership.
It has been almost 3 weeks since my last post. I have been tied up at work and on a few new 'projects' for our homeschool but there are also a lot of things have been on my mind too. With the munchkin entering into mainstream school in just a few months, a lot of doubts and worries clouded my mind. I believe very much in homeschooling but that would require me to take a step back from work and depend on a single source of income. Something that I am not prepared to do for the moment.
I do not like the academic drill and focus of the local system. While I understand the reasons for standardized tests, I feel that there are also many other areas which results and grades do not shed light on. I certainly feel that there is more to “life” than being textbook / worksheets smart. I rather have a child who enjoys discovering and is a keen learner than one who aces through rote and does not find joy in learning. I love my job and my colleagues so I cannot imagine how life will be where one has to go to school and yet dreading it daily.
When we homeschool, we do it at our own pace and at our own time, without having to worry if she is left ‘behind’ as the classes and activities can be tweaked according to her interests and her abilities. With public school, I will face the pressure and the competitive culture that Singapore is known for. Having a type ‘A’ personality, I worry that I get sucked into the whole Tiger Mum approach. I fear that I end up pushing my child. I fear that I will be one of those parents whose only mode of communication is to yell incessantly at the kid. Or worse, to yell at her for missing out on that half a mark on a paper. With each push and each yelling session, I worry that I will be a step removed from her, and from the bond that we have so preciously built up for the past few years.
Then I had a chat with someone from the Ministry recently and she shared something beautiful, and something wise with me.
On something beautiful: a businessman she met earlier in the week shared with her his ‘glorious’ 'successful' days where he had houses, penthouses and sports car aplenty. Unfortunately his business crashed during the 'dot com' era and though he managed to start up something again, it was never quite the same. His eldest child is getting married in a few months time and he told my friend that his greatest achievement is not how his business grew or how he managed to salvage the situation. His proudest moment instead is when his child said to him that she did not need any money from him for the wedding or renovation. But for him to keep the money for himself, for ‘old age’ she said. His greatest achievement lies in his children and how they have turned out, not what their results were.
The wise sharing: my friend suggested for me to pen down on what sort of daughter I wish to see in 3 / 5 / 8 / 10 and 15 years down the road. Pen it down as a letter to her or as a journal entry for myself. "Read it again and you can then see what truly matters to you, as a parent," she said.
In various blog entries, I have shared that I would consider my role as a mum, a successful one if my child is happy, healthy and is a compassionate person who also loves God. A year on and I still feel the same, and have the same thoughts. So yes, this will be my mantra and guiding light for the next 15 years to come. Hopefully I will still be able to remain as the fun, loving and supportive mum.
If you have enjoyed this post, please follow me on my Facebook Page where I share my parenting thoughts, food photos (be prepared for tons of them!), early shout outs for giveaways and interact with you, my readers! You can also follow me on Pinterest and Instagram.
Archicad 21 De Graphisoft Dise O Ideas Contempor Neo , Download this wallpaper for free in high resolution. Archicad 21 De Graphisoft Dise O Ideas Contempor Neo was posted in June 3, 2018 at 3:09 pm and This Archicad 21 De Graphisoft Dise O Ideas Contempor Neo Wallpaper has viewed by 15 users. If you wanna have it as yours, please click full size and you will go to page download in full size, so you just choose the size above the wallpaper that you want in "Download", Click it and download the Archicad 21 De Graphisoft Dise O Ideas Contempor Neo Wallpaper.
Organizing an event is really no small feat: there are several things you need to prepare well-ahead of time, all of this while ensuring that you meet your given deadlines and budget limits. The difficulty of the task gets even more amplified when you are given responsibility of organizing a corporate event, either for your own company or for somebody else. Unlike informal parties and similar festive activities, you will have to be a lot more careful about what you do. Even providing entertainment for the occasion can seem to be challenging if you don’t know the right place to look for such facilities.
The very first thing you need to do when considering entertainment activities for corporate events is to understand your requirements and capabilities. When you are given a relatively small budget, you need to make your selection only after an extremely careful analysis: otherwise, you can easily overshoot your estimates to end up spending more than necessary. This can ultimately have an extremely negative effect on the event itself, severely undermining its potential and making it look boring to the vast majority of the people who will be attending on that day.
In order to do well, you will want to do your very best to capture the guests’ attention. This can be done in several different ways, but one of the best strategies is to opt for events and shows that can easily mesmerize the audience or make them feel completely immersed in the experience. Circus shows NZ are quite popular for corporate events due to this very reason, which is why you might want to include them in your planning list for the moment.
You should also take into account the target audience when calling entertainers who organize theatre shows in NZ. Since most formal and corporate events are frequented by a very specific audience, you should be able to narrow down the list of possible entertainment packages down to a smaller number than usual, thereby making it possible to make a decision without major delays.
Finally, don’t forget the fact that modern technology is constantly evolving, which means that features like augmented reality are not confined to science fiction anymore. You may be able to provide the guests with a very unique experience for the first time, so try to be a little creative with your ideas. Of course, this is not to say that event mainstays like live vocal performances are being replaced: you can always count on them in situations when nothing else can save you. Stick with them whenever you are low on budget or short on time.
If there is none of the listed channels on your mixer, please try all of them until you see the signal on the LEDs of Loop Recorder.
i could reach the virtual world only by office email address. All I can get is ‘intranet’, which is definitely lack of supporting my work and quite putting out the creativity boost. no visual refreshing (exclude design magazine and books ofcourse), no reading update articles or wikipedia… definitely the fastest way to get creativity burn-out. a friend of mine wrote an article about Internet Access Policy. Very interesting to read, indeed. now, i’m writing this from a warnet. i’ll find a way to post my blog entry from my office email. Also lanning to get 24/7 home internet access from first media, hopefully soon.
oya, happy idul fitri to you all. hope it was fun. mine was good, just wish to have more holidays, heheh…
Municipal councillors, mayors and members of government dragged through the courts or under investigation in a politicised trial. No, this is not an account of contemporary Turkey, but of longtime EU Member State Spain, where advocating independence is taboo. I am abhorred by the attempts of the government in Madrid to infringe on its Catalan colleagues’ freedom of speech. Our party, the New Flemish Alliance, is an advocate of self-determination and the right of each nation to decide the scope of its autonomy. The right to debate at liberty within the confines of parliament or to consult the people should not only be self-evident, it is also quintessential in a democracy.
On 9 November 2014, as an international observer in Barcelona, I witnessed democracy at work. With hundreds of volunteers engaged and 2.3 million citizens casting their vote in an informal plebiscite, for the first time the Catalan people were being heard. They were given the right to decide on their future, as part of Spain or as an autonomous nation. That the man who promoted that independence vote, former President Artur Mas, is now on trial for civil disobedience is incomprehensible. And the 40,000 supporters protesting outside the courtroom seem to share my opinion.
The partition of two nations is never an easy process, emotions tend to run high. The least favourable approach for all partners involved is to try to evade the issue by denying dialogue. This includes the current strategy from Madrid to weaponise judicial measures against the separatists as it is unable to achieve its means elseways. It is a slippery slope politicising the court system or launching smear campaigns against pro-independence politicians for advocating self-rule.
Refusing their right to even debate it in their own parliament under the threat of prosecution is an even more severe violation. It is the right and duty of parliamentarians everywhere to debate on everything. A legally binding referendum will take place in Catalonia by the end of September this year. The Constitutional Court may have annulled the required resolutions passed by the Catalan parliament, but as the separatist leaders have decided to defy the ruling, the nation is still on track to become an independent nation. The best option for Madrid now is to open negotiations and not to evoke Art. 155 of the Constitution, as Spain’s Minister of Justice Rafael Catalá advocated, abruptly ending the system of self-government for the Catalan autonomous community. Let the people decide.
The Bachelor of Science in Business Administration – Global Management and Finance prepares students for work in domestic or foreign-based companies involved in international trade or finance. The global management and finance major emphasizes the impact of national culture in shaping values, behaviors and business practices. Students apply critical thinking to evaluate global financial issues related to currency fluctuations, exchange rate risk and multinational investment and capital budgeting. Students are encouraged to enroll in a study abroad program during the summer months.
Candidates for the Bachelor of Science in Business Administration – Global Management and Finance must complete the minimum course requirements as outlined in the following curriculum.
All catalogs © 2018 Florida Tech. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
This field report was assigned the following topical and geographical subject headings by the RFE/RL: Hungary; Police -- AVH
Item based on interviews conducted with defectors and immigrants in Western refugee camps and immigration offices, or Western travelers returning from stays in East European communist countries, supplemented with information collected through Radio Free Europe (RFE) correspondence with anonymous sources from behind the Iron Curtain.
Ownership of and financial copyrights to the reports belong to RFE/RL, Inc. Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, 1201 Connecticut Ave., N.W., Washington, DC 20036, USA. Users of RFE/RL content cannot alter the meaning, name or integrity of the content. RFE/RL reserves the right to revoke permission for use of its content at any time. The sale of RFE/RL content is strictly prohibited.
NACHI 7010AC/DF Bearings Company information. Our company is committed to provide the best quality and the good after-sale service for the NACHI 7010AC/DF bearings.
Here are the feature of 7012AC/DF NACHI bearings.Japan's 7012AC/DF NACHI bearings are mainly composed of ·FAG bearings ·INA bearings Pre:7011AC/DF NACHI.
NTN 7011AC/DF Bearing: but can also provide the major brands of 7010AC/DF bearings, such as NSK , FAG, INA, KOYO, IKO, TIMKEN and other brands,
Eric bearing limited company can not only provide customer high quality 7011AC/DF NACHI bearings, but also best service of 7011AC/DF NACHI can be offered.
NSK 636-632D Bearing description NSK 636-632D bearing are popular size that could be used in many applications,you can refer the size of 636-632D bearing or more
NSK 636 Bearings Company information. We supply various of NSK 636 bearings. bearings is purity material and high precision , the varieties of NSK 636 bearings is up
NSK 636 bearing with high precision,the varieties of NSK 636 bearing is up to thousands of species.NSK 636 bearing shipment will be arranged timely for we have a
Buy NSK Spherical Roller Bearings 22317CAME4C3 direct from Motion Industries. Your proven service leader with reliable delivery since 1972.
NSK 636: Remark: 636 bearing price : Product pictures show details . Introduction if you are interested in 636 and some details of its properties, Please
on + 44 1 636 605 123. 4 industrial gearBoxes 5 NSK stands for motion in all areas of application, bearings for industrial gearboxes are a means of supporting the
View Kevin Campbell’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Kevin Campbell discover inside
636 NSK, Japan's first bearing brand. The main products of NSK are bearings, it is the foundation of all the machines and the indispensable products in modern society
We guarantee to provide you with the best NSK NSK636 Bearings,At the same time to provide you with the NSK NSK636 types,price,size chart,cross reference,CAD.
NSK 636 ZZ bearing can supplied by Sound Bearing. Sound Bearing as one of NSK cooperation partners. have cooperate for many years with NSK 636 ZZ bearing, Due to the
Offer NTN Cylindrical roller bearings NJ2236+HJ2236 Bearings Pdf,Spec,Dimensions,Size Chart with best price from us, At the same time to provide you with the NTN
We have FAG 2207E-2RS1KTN9 Bearing in stock,they are our advantage products,The bearings FAG2207E-2RS1KTN9 Bearing are original made in Sweden.high quality and most
SKF 22207E bearings is made by SKF manufacturer ,they have many factory in China,Australia,Facnch SKF 2207E-2RS1KTN9: SKF 2206E-RS1TN9/C3: SKF 2206EKTN9/C3:
As the best quality bearing suppler, 2207E-2RS1KTN9 SKF Group primary business is the design, manufacture and sales of the world's top brand of rolling bearing and
Chemistry Class-women’s, Atlanta University Photographs, Robert W. Woodruff Library, presented in the Digital Library of Georgia.
We are excited to announce a new partnership with Atlanta University Center, Robert W. Woodruff Library, and the arrival of three new collections that provide us with documentation of the history of the largest consortium of African American private institutions of higher education:
Atlanta University Photographs (Late nineteenth and early twentieth century photograph collection that documents the history of Atlanta University, its students, alumni, and friends)
Clark College Photographs (Late nineteenth and early twentieth century photograph collection that documents the history of Clark College, its students, and alumni)
Christine Wiseman, Unit Head, Digital Services and Derek Mosley, Assistant Head, Archives Research Center at the Atlanta University Center, Robert W. Woodruff Library hope that an international audience will view these new collections and plan to come to Atlanta to do more research. With the online availability of these collections, Wiseman and Mosely note:
“New researchers will have the opportunity to begin their research even before they come to the physical archives. The newly digitized photographs document individuals, events, athletics and buildings, enabling new users to acquaint themselves with the historic campuses of what is presently known as the Atlanta University Center. Current users can view historic photographs of the Atlanta University schools as they research specific periods and possibly find images of students, faculty, and staff that they may not have been able to uncover prior to digitization.”
These collections represent the customs and culture of institutions of higher learning in the nineteenth and early twentieth century. Wiseman and Mosley recommend looking through the photographs in these collections that relate to student activities: “You can see how differently students dressed as compared to today, and the images showcase how formal education and even extracurricular activities were during that time period.”
We hope that you spend some time with these new collections, and welcome the Atlanta University Center, Robert W. Woodruff Library as our new partner.
Archived Posts Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 January 2017 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 April 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 January 2014 December 2013 August 2013 June 2013 April 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010
Some truly great info , Glad I noticed this. “The true republic men, their rights and nothing more women, their rights and nothing less.” by Franklin P. Adams.
Thank you for this, I was about to give up on my search when I came across this information. The other guides I found weren’t nearly as helpful as yours.
The name of a new writer is regarded as Boyd also his girlfriend doesn’t really like it whatsoever. Accounting is how I cushioning my relation. To play footbal is the facet I genuinely most associated with. Maine exactly where he’s been living for many his parents live nearby.
I precisely desired to appreciate you again. I am not sure the things that I wouldve made to happen in the absence of the type of ideas documented by you over such a field. It truly was a real scary condition for me, but coming across a professional fashion you processed it made me to leap for contentment. I am just happier for the support and then wish you really know what a powerful job you happen to be undertaking instructing the others by way of your websites. Probably you havent got to know any of us.
Great goods from you, man. I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you’re just too wonderful. I really like what you have acquired here, really like what you are stating and the way in which you say it. You make it entertaining and you still care for to keep it wise. I can not wait to read far more from you. This is really a terrific site.
Hello nice article, I will come the article trying to find an stimulus or else an attractive topic. Good topic, express thanks for sharing. Eddith
BPyPPC Wow! This can be one particular of the most useful blogs We ave ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Excellent. I am also a specialist in this topic so I can understand your effort.
Wow, amazing blog layout! How lengthy have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The full glance of your site is magnificent, as well as the content!
At times like this it boils down to finding the information required, which as I’m sure you know can take some time. This post helped me figure out what I needed.
I like this post, enjoyed this one regards for putting up. “The basis of optimism is sheer terror.” by Oscar Wilde.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
I do agree with all the ideas you have presented on your post. They’re very convincing and will definitely work. Nonetheless, the posts are too short for beginners. May you please lengthen them a little from subsequent time? Thank you for the post.|
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really annoying. A good web site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hello there. I found your web site by means of Google while searching for a related matter, your site came up. It seems good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually irritating. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really annoying. A good website with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I discovered your website via Google even as looking for a similar subject, your web site got here up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I discovered your web site by way of Google even as searching for a comparable topic, your site got here up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good blog with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your web site by the use of Google whilst looking for a similar topic, your web site got here up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your website via Google while looking for a comparable subject, your web site came up. It seems to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Your style is very unique in comparison to other people I have read stuff from. I appreciate you for posting when you ave got the opportunity, Guess I all just bookmark this site.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hello there. I discovered your website via Google while looking for a related subject, your web site came up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
This is very interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I ave joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your fantastic post. Also, I have shared your site in my social networks!
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
There is certainly noticeably a bundle to understand about this. I assume you made certain nice points in attributes also.
I think this is one of the most vital information for me. And i am glad reading your article. But should remark on some general things, The web site style is great, the articles is really excellent : D. Good job, cheers
I’аve recently started a web site, the information you offer on this site has helped me greatly. Thanks for all of your time & work.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Its like you read my mind! You seem to know a lot about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you could do with some pics to drive the message home a little bit, but other than that, this is great blog. A fantastic read. I’ll definitely be back.
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
You made some decent factors there. I regarded on the web for the difficulty and found most individuals will go together with together with your website.
Hey there. I discovered your site by way of Google whilst searching for a comparable subject, your web site came up. It seems to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I found your blog by means of Google whilst searching for a comparable subject, your website got here up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hello there. I found your blog via Google while looking for a comparable matter, your website came up. It seems great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really irritating. A good web site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I discovered your site by way of Google even as searching for a related topic, your web site came up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Nice blog here! Also your website loads up fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my website loaded up as fast as yours lol
Hello there. I found your site by the use of Google whilst looking for a related subject, your web site got here up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good website with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I found your website by means of Google whilst searching for a similar topic, your web site got here up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good web site with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really frustrating. A good web site with exciting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hi there. I discovered your blog via Google even as searching for a similar topic, your website came up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Loving the publish.. all the best So pleased to get identified this post.. sure, analysis is having to pay off. My personal web browsings seem full.. thank you.
Hi there. I found your site by way of Google while looking for a comparable subject, your site got here up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually annoying. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good website with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
You made some really good points there. I checked on the net for more information about the issue and found most individuals will go along with your views on this website.
Wow, amazing blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is excellent, as well as the content!
Hey there. I found your blog by the use of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable topic, your web site got here up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really annoying. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
I have not checked in here for a while because I thought it was getting boring, but the last few posts are good quality so I guess I’ll add you back to my daily bloglist. You deserve it my friend
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
I’ve generally had internet explorer and We never used anything else. What can google chrome and firefox do that internet explorer cant?.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually annoying. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Elinor Sylvestre is your loved one’s name and he or she believes seems quite fine. Nevada supplies always have been his housing. Hiring is what she does. What his particular family and him seriously like is working on aerobics but he’ll you ought to be starting point else the duration of with that it.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good blog with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Lida is the name I love be identified as with and i love the idea. To play chess is nearly anything my wife’s comments doesn’t really like however , I write. Software developing is the way he generates money and he’ll prove promoted very soon. Years before she transmitted to Progressive Mexico simply her life partner wants them to spin.
I am aiming to build a blog as element of a project, and I have been informed not use blogger or any type of of the blog page building websites, Requirement is definitely to get access to my blog page privately without needing any public site that requires me to log on to them before i actually get to my blog. How do i do it? Or is there any website that could help? Make sure you help. I actually is within a race against time. Please.
Hi there. I found your blog by means of Google while looking for a related topic, your site came up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I found your site by the use of Google even as looking for a related subject, your website got here up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Get to know your friends and family members better though this type of entertainment, it’s guaranteed to make you think twice.
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I found your website by way of Google while searching for a related subject, your web site came up. It seems great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Thanks a bunch for sharing this with all of us you actually know what you are talking about! Bookmarked. Please also visit my site =). We could have a link exchange contract between us!
Hey there. I found your site by way of Google whilst searching for a similar subject, your web site came up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really irritating. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hi there. I discovered your web site via Google even as searching for a related subject, your website came up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I found your site by means of Google even as searching for a similar subject, your website got here up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I discovered your website by the use of Google while searching for a comparable matter, your site came up. It appears to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good website with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
You are my inspiration , I own few web logs and often run out from to post .I conceive this internet site has got some rattling fantastic info for everyone. “The individual will always be a minority. If a man is in a minority of one, we lock him up.” by Oliver Wendell Holmes.
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really annoying. A good blog with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi I’m thinking about computer classes to study, today I chatted to someone from one of the unis I had been interested in one of the courses were more about designing and the other practical and even more technical mending and support the system. I’m just really thinking about that. Its called pc enterprising…. But I want to apply at more yet I obtain confused because every school calls the pc courses a different name. So i’m just unsure if its software program, or computer science, IT, IS with business. I think it could be IS with business what I’m just interested in yet I’m unsure. In some of the modules in the business one has: info systems, computer-programming, data management, software assessment, human pc interaction. developing internet applications supporting the systems kinda thing.. Which usually computer program would include that kind of things? Its one of the practical and specialized I want I’m just not thinking about designing. And may anyone tell me from this which usually computer classes is more such as the one i actually described is it Information technology with business or something else? And it is Computer technology based on designing the applications? and not the greater practical.
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Thanks for some other great article. Where else may anyone get that type of information in such a perfect method of writing? I have a presentation next week, and I am on the look for such information.
My brother suggested I might like this web site. He was totally right. This post actually made my day. You cann at imagine simply how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!
Usually I do not read article on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very compelled me to try and do so! Your writing taste has been amazed me. Thank you, quite great article.
Hey there. I found your site by the use of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable matter, your website came up. It seems to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I discovered your blog by the use of Google whilst searching for a comparable matter, your site got here up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really annoying. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
I need step-by-step process.. Are hosting sites Joomla compatible? How can you inform if they don’t and do?.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello Nice Day for you, I just checking the article to get an idea or else an exciting information. Interesting blog, be grateful for sharing. Samir
Hey there. I found your site by way of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable subject, your web site got here up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a long time.
My coder is trying to convince me to move to .net from PHP. I have always disliked the idea because of the costs. But he’s tryiong none the less. I’ve been using WordPress on numerous websites for about a year and am worried about switching to another platform. I have heard fantastic things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can import all my wordpress content into it? Any kind of help would be really appreciated!
Hi there. I found your web site by means of Google whilst looking for a comparable topic, your site came up. It seems great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hello there. I discovered your website by means of Google while searching for a comparable topic, your web site came up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is actually annoying. A good blog with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hello there. I discovered your website by way of Google even as looking for a similar matter, your site came up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good website with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good web site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I discovered your blog by the use of Google at the same time as looking for a related topic, your website came up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
When installing Joomla upon my pc in order to update a preexisting site, will i need my client to provide me the Host Name, MySQL User Name, MySQL Password, MySQL Database NAme and MySQL Table Word? I curently have their FILE TRANSFER PROTOCOL information, as well as the Joomla admin control panel login information..
Hey very nice blog!! Man .. Excellent .. Amazing .. I will bookmark your blog and take the feeds also…I am happy to find numerous useful information here in the post, we need develop more techniques in this regard, thanks for sharing. . . . . .
Where students and I can post answers for others college students.. Somewhere people can get answers for their quizes and tests.. No sarcastic answers or anything.. In the event that enough people say yes, then I will definetely start one and send those people the link towards the blog..
Hi there. I discovered your website by the use of Google even as searching for a related topic, your site got here up. It appears great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hello there. I discovered your blog by the use of Google whilst searching for a comparable subject, your website got here up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really annoying. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I discovered your site by means of Google while looking for a related matter, your web site got here up. It appears good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hey there. I discovered your blog by way of Google while searching for a related subject, your website came up. It seems to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really annoying. A good web site with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
I want to start a newspaper on the web and need to enroll the name and the content material. Need to do this internationally. However , not a clue how to do it… I’ve already got a domain, however the title would be slightly not the same as the domain name..
My brother suggested I would possibly like this website. He used to be totally right. This post actually made my day. You can not consider simply how so much time I had spent for this info! Thanks!|
Its like you read my mind! You seem to know a lot about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you could do with a few pics to drive the message home a bit, but instead of that, this is magnificent blog. An excellent read. I’ll certainly be back.|
I got two networked blog page setting of a single blog page in fb. I want to delete of them. Is there any way to delete only one networked blog keeping the another as it is?.
I have always been thinking of buying a joomla design template from design template monster and importing this into joomla… How hard could they be to transfer? Is it plug and play easy? Or will I need to configure extensions etc … Thanks a lot..
After I initially commented I seem to have clicked the -Notify me when new comments are added- checkbox and from now on each time a comment is added I recieve 4 emails with the exact same comment. Perhaps there is an easy method you are able to remove me from that service? Thanks!|
Hi there. I discovered your web site by means of Google while looking for a related topic, your site got here up. It seems good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your site via Google whilst looking for a similar matter, your site got here up. It seems to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey! I know this is somewhat off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this website? I’m getting tired of WordPress because I’ve had issues with hackers and I’m looking at options for another platform. I would be awesome if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.|
I don’t even know the way I stopped up here, but I believed this publish used to be good. I do not recognize who you are but definitely you are going to a famous blogger for those who aren’t already. Cheers!|
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Terrific work! This is the type of information that should be shared around the internet. Shame on the search engines for not positioning this post higher! Come on over and visit my site . Thanks =)
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
I’m focusing on company purchasing website that uses joomla as its machine (if that’s the correct word).. Someone uploaded files with spaces and apostrophes in the wrong folder and Joomla won’t allow me to delete all of them in the typical way… How do i delete these files (or edit the file titles so that they can then be erased as normal)?.. I posted this issue on the Joomla message board but so far no luck..
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really annoying. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I found your site via Google while looking for a related topic, your website came up. It appears to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
I have an essay in Microsoft Word format that i want to copy/paste in to my blogspot blog. Yet every time I do this, I get mistake messages from blogspot about all the strange Word code, and then it comes out searching all crazy format-wise. How do i strip the written text of all the Term junk?.. We don’t know anything at all about CODE..
The widget works with WordPress but you will never make it work with Joomla. Can be any of you using it with this cms?. Thanks..
Hello there. I discovered your website by means of Google even as looking for a similar subject, your site came up. It appears good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your web site by the use of Google even as searching for a similar subject, your site came up. It appears to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good blog with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
My relatives every time say that I am wasting my time here at net, however I know I am getting know-how daily by reading such fastidious articles.|
whoah this blog is great i like reading your posts. Keep up the good work! You know, lots of individuals are hunting around for this info, you can aid them greatly. |
This paragraph provides clear idea designed for the new viewers of blogging, that actually how to do running a blog.|
Hi there. I discovered your web site via Google whilst searching for a similar topic, your web site came up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good web site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your site by way of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable matter, your website came up. It seems great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
I am continuously signing out and in of my college internet site and it is rather annoying to always have to type in my user identification. It used to be kept, but then I actually updated Opera and it won’t save… If anyone could explain to make Chrome remember that will be great. Thanks..
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hi there. I found your site via Google while looking for a similar topic, your site got here up. It seems to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good site with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I found your website by means of Google while looking for a related subject, your site came up. It appears great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really irritating. A good web site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with interesting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your blog via Google whilst searching for a related topic, your site came up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hi there. I discovered your blog by means of Google while searching for a related matter, your website came up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hello there. I found your web site by means of Google whilst searching for a related subject, your website came up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I found your web site by means of Google whilst looking for a related subject, your site came up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really frustrating. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Got to know other people and perhaps close family better albeit a lot of these home entertainment, it is always assured to force you to suppose.
Right away I am ready to do my breakfast, later than having my breakfast coming again to read more news.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really irritating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I found your blog via Google at the same time as looking for a comparable matter, your website came up. It appears to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I found your site via Google at the same time as searching for a comparable topic, your website came up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I discovered your website by means of Google while searching for a comparable matter, your website got here up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your web site by the use of Google at the same time as looking for a related subject, your web site came up. It appears to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I found your website by way of Google at the same time as searching for a related subject, your web site came up. It seems great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your website by means of Google at the same time as looking for a similar subject, your website got here up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I discovered your site by way of Google whilst searching for a similar subject, your site got here up. It seems good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hello? We run a pupil service focused website which has a good zero of hits. I would like to convert this to a business. Can I sign-up the website itslef as a firm or should I start a company and the site should be owned by it? What is the protocol to start a new website company in India? Please describe each stage in detail because I was totally new to this field..
Nice blog here! Also your web site loads up very fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my site loaded up as fast as yours lol
Hi there. I discovered your web site by the use of Google at the same time as searching for a similar topic, your website came up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
I truly appreciate this post. I have been looking all over for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You have made my day! Thanks again
Hi there. I found your blog by way of Google at the same time as searching for a related topic, your web site got here up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I found your blog via Google whilst looking for a similar matter, your site came up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
It as nearly impossible to find experienced people in this particular topic, however, you sound like you know what you are talking about! Thanks
Heya exceptional blog! Does running a blog like this take a massive amount work? I’ve no understanding of coding however I had been hoping to start my own blog in the near future. Anyway, should you have any ideas or techniques for new blog owners please share. I understand this is off subject however I just had to ask. Thanks a lot!|
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually annoying. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
I’m really impressed with your writing skills as well as with the layout on your weblog. Is this a paid theme or did you customize it yourself? Anyway keep up the nice quality writing, it is rare to see a great blog like this one these days.|
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hello there. I found your blog by the use of Google whilst looking for a similar matter, your website got here up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Good post however , I was wondering if you could write a litte more on this topic? I’d be very thankful if you could elaborate a little bit further. Cheers!|
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I discovered your web site by means of Google at the same time as searching for a related topic, your web site got here up. It seems good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Greetings! Very useful advice in this particular post! It’s the little changes that will make the most important changes. Thanks for sharing!
I simply want to mention I am newbie to blogging and actually enjoyed this web page. Likely I’m likely to bookmark your blog . You actually have wonderful posts. Many thanks for revealing your blog.
Its such as you learn my mind! You appear to know a lot about this, like you wrote the guide in it or something. I feel that you just can do with a few % to force the message home a little bit, but other than that, that is excellent blog. A great read. I will definitely be back.|
There’s definately a great deal to find out about this issue. I really like all of the points you made.|
Excellent way of describing, and fastidious piece of writing to get information about my presentation subject matter, which i am going to deliver in college.|
Hey there. I discovered your site via Google while looking for a comparable topic, your web site came up. It seems good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really irritating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Appreciating the time and energy you put into your website and detailed information you offer. It’s awesome to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same unwanted rehashed material. Great read! I’ve saved your site and I’m including your RSS feeds to my Google account.|
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually annoying. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I discovered your web site by way of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable matter, your site came up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really annoying. A good website with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there! This article couldn’t be written any better! Looking through this post reminds me of my previous roommate! He constantly kept talking about this. I will forward this article to him. Pretty sure he’s going to have a great read. Many thanks for sharing!|
Hi there. I discovered your website by way of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable subject, your website got here up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
This is my first time go to see at here and i am in fact impressed to read everthing at alone place.|
I truly appreciate this post. I have been looking all over for this! Thank God I found it on Google. You ave made my day! Thx again
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to say that I ave truly enjoyed browsing your blog posts. In any case I all be subscribing
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is actually annoying. A good website with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really irritating. A good website with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
If some one wants to be updated with latest technologies afterward he must be pay a quick visit this site and be up to date every day.|
I simply want to tell you that I am very new to blogs and honestly liked you’re blog site. Likely I’m want to bookmark your website . You amazingly come with impressive articles and reviews. Cheers for revealing your website page.
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really annoying. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
I simply want to say I’m all new to blogs and seriously loved this web blog. Almost certainly I’m want to bookmark your blog post . You actually have really good stories. Kudos for sharing your web-site.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really annoying. A good blog with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually irritating. A good web site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good web site with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
I simply want to tell you that I am beginner to blogs and really loved this website. More than likely I’m planning to bookmark your blog post . You surely have really good stories. With thanks for sharing your web-site.
I simply want to say I’m newbie to blogging and truly liked you’re blog. Almost certainly I’m want to bookmark your site . You certainly have very good stories. Kudos for sharing with us your website page.
Hi there. I found your blog by way of Google at the same time as looking for a related topic, your web site got here up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really irritating. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good website with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good blog with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your website by way of Google at the same time as looking for a similar subject, your web site got here up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
I simply want to say I’m new to blogs and actually loved you’re web blog. Probably I’m going to bookmark your site . You certainly have awesome articles and reviews. Regards for sharing with us your webpage.
I just want to say I am just new to blogging and certainly liked your blog. Probably I’m want to bookmark your blog . You definitely have amazing articles and reviews. Bless you for revealing your website page.
I have read several good stuff here. Certainly worth bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how so much attempt you set to make such a wonderful informative site.
I just could not depart your web site prior to suggesting that I extremely enjoyed the standard information an individual provide for your guests? Is gonna be back continuously in order to check out new posts
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hi there. I discovered your web site by means of Google while searching for a comparable subject, your web site came up. It seems good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hey there. I discovered your web site by means of Google while looking for a related topic, your website came up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
I just want to tell you that I’m new to blogging and definitely liked your blog. Very likely I’m planning to bookmark your blog . You definitely come with very good articles and reviews. Cheers for sharing your web page.
I just want to tell you that I am new to blogging and truly liked this web blog. More than likely I’m want to bookmark your blog post . You actually come with tremendous stories. Many thanks for sharing with us your blog site.
We are very new to web design as I use no previous experience and know little HTML.. I just want to know the actual best software is to purchase to design blogs. I use downloaded CS5 Design High quality with Dreamweaver and Photoshop, but I realize this is a little advanced for me and expensive!!!. Will anyone possess suggestions society or methods to build sites and websites easily and inexpensive?.. THANKS A LOT!.
Wonderful website. Lots of helpful information here. I¡¦m sending it to some buddies ans additionally sharing in delicious. And of course, thank you to your sweat!
Hi there. I discovered your web site by means of Google even as searching for a comparable subject, your site got here up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
I always hear that Fire fox is better than Internet Explorer and its quicker safer ect…. But exactly what are the poor things about chrome?.
Nice read, I just passed this onto a colleague who was doing a little research on that. And he just bought me lunch since I found it for him smile Thus let me rephrase that: Thank you for lunch!
Hi there. I discovered your blog by means of Google even as searching for a related subject, your website came up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey very cool web site!! Guy .. Excellent .. Wonderful .. I will bookmark your web site and take the feeds additionally¡KI’m glad to search out a lot of useful info right here within the post, we want develop more techniques in this regard, thank you for sharing. . . . . .
I think other site proprietors should take this site as an model, very clean and magnificent user friendly style and design, as well as the content. You’re an expert in this topic!
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Good blog! I really love how it is easy on my eyes and the data are well written. I’m wondering how I could be notified when a new post has been made. I have subscribed to your RSS which must do the trick! Have a nice day!
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good web site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I found your website by the use of Google whilst looking for a related subject, your site got here up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
You made certain good points there. I did a search on the subject and found a good number of people will have the same opinion with your blog.
Thanks for every other informative site. The place else may I am getting that type of information written in such an ideal way? I’ve a project that I am simply now working on, and I’ve been at the look out for such information.
Thank you, I’ve recently been looking for information approximately this topic for ages and yours is the greatest I have came upon till now. However, what about the conclusion? Are you sure in regards to the supply?
Great beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your website, how could i subscribe for a blog site? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast provided bright clear concept
I simply want to say I’m beginner to blogs and certainly enjoyed your page. Almost certainly I’m planning to bookmark your site . You actually come with good stories. Thanks a lot for sharing your web page.
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wanted to say that I’ve really enjoyed browsing your blog posts. In any case I’ll be subscribing to your rss feed and I hope you write again soon!
Hello my family member! I wish to say that this post is awesome, nice written and include almost all important infos. I would like to see extra posts like this .
Somebody essentially help to make critically posts I would state. This is the very first time I frequented your website page and up to now? I amazed with the analysis you made to create this particular submit amazing. Great process!
whoah this blog kalysdi is wonderful i love reading your posts. Keep up the good work! You know, many people are hunting around for this info, you can help them greatly.
I just want to mention I am very new to weblog and definitely savored this blog site. More than likely I’m going to bookmark your blog . You certainly come with awesome article content. Appreciate it for sharing with us your website page.
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to more added agreeable from you! By the way, how could we communicate?
great points altogether kalysdi, you just gained a brand new reader. What would you recommend about your post that you made some days ago? Any positive?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
My spouse and i were quite fulfilled when Ervin managed to complete his web research out of the precious recommendations he came across through your web page. It is now and again perplexing just to find yourself giving away secrets and techniques which some others might have been trying to sell. And we all figure out we now have you to appreciate for that. All the explanations you’ve made, the easy website menu, the friendships you can give support to instill – it’s many impressive, and it is aiding our son and us recognize that this subject is thrilling, which is incredibly indispensable. Thanks for the whole lot!
Hello there. I found your site via Google at the same time as looking for a related matter, your site came up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I discovered your website via Google at the same time as searching for a similar topic, your site came up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your website by the use of Google even as searching for a related topic, your web site came up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
This website is known as a walk-by for all the info you wanted about this and didn’t know who to ask. Glimpse right here, and also you’ll definitely discover it.
You made some fine points there. I did a search on the topic and found most people will go along with with your blog.
My brother recommended I might like this web site. He was totally right. This post actually made my day. You can not imagine just how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!
hello there and thank you for your info – I have definitely picked up anything new from right here. I did however expertise a few technical points using this web site, since I experienced to reload the web site a lot of times previous to I could get it to load correctly. I had been wondering if your web hosting is OK? Not that I’m complaining, but slow loading instances times will often affect your placement in google and could damage your high quality score if advertising and marketing with Adwords. Anyway I’m adding this RSS to my email and can look out for much more of your respective exciting content. Make sure you update this again very soon..
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Thank you for sharing excellent informations. Your web site is very cool. I’m impressed by the details that you¡¦ve on this web site. It reveals how nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this web page, will come back for more articles. You, my pal, ROCK! I found simply the information I already searched all over the place and simply could not come across. What a perfect site.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really frustrating. A good web site with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
A lot of thanks for your whole labor on this site. My daughter takes pleasure in setting aside time for investigations and it’s obvious why. All of us notice all of the compelling ways you render informative things through the blog and therefore boost response from some other people on the point while my princess is without question understanding a lot of things. Have fun with the rest of the new year. You’re the one conducting a pretty cool job.
Great weblog right here! Also your website rather a lot up fast! What web host are you the use of? Can I get your affiliate hyperlink in your host? I wish my web site loaded up as fast as yours lol
I was just searching for this information for a while. After 6 hours of continuous Googleing, finally I got it in your website. I wonder what’s the lack of Google strategy that do not rank this type of informative web sites in top of the list. Usually the top web sites are full of garbage.
My brother suggested I might like this blog. He was entirely right. This post actually made my day. You can not imagine simply how much time I had spent for this info! Thanks!
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hello.This post was extremely fascinating, especially since I was browsing for thoughts on this issue last Thursday.
You actually make it seem so easy with your presentation however I to find this matter to be really one thing which I think I might by no means understand. It kind of feels too complex and very huge for me. I am taking a look forward for your next publish, I will attempt to get the cling of it!
Wow, awesome weblog structure! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging glance easy. The overall look of your website is great, let alone the content material!
Good write-up, I¡¦m normal visitor of one¡¦s web site, maintain up the nice operate, and It is going to be a regular visitor for a long time.
Nice post. I was checking continuously this blog and I’m impressed! Very useful info particularly the last part I care for such information a lot. I was seeking this certain info for a long time. Thank you and good luck.
Good ¡V I should definitely pronounce, impressed with your website. I had no trouble navigating through all the tabs as well as related info ended up being truly simple to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it at all. Quite unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or something, web site theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Excellent task..
You made a number of good points there. I did a search on the subject and found nearly all people will have the same opinion with your blog.
Great post. I was checking continuously this blog and I am impressed! Very useful information particularly the last part I care for such info a lot. I was looking for this particular info for a very long time. Thank you and good luck.
Hello there. I found your site by means of Google at the same time as searching for a similar topic, your site got here up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really irritating. A good blog with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Great post. I was checking continuously this blog and I’m impressed! Very useful information specially the last part I care for such information a lot. I was looking for this particular information for a long time. Thank you and best of luck.
fantastic points altogether, you simply gained a new reader. What may you recommend in regards to your submit that you simply made some days ago? Any certain?
Hello my loved one! I wish to say that this post is awesome, great written and include approximately all significant infos. I would like to see more posts like this .
Somebody essentially assist to make severely articles I might state. That is the very first time I frequented your web page and up to now? I surprised with the research you made to create this actual put up incredible. Fantastic task!
Hey, you used to write excellent, but the last few posts have been kinda boring¡K I miss your super writings. Past few posts are just a little bit out of track! come on!
excellent publish, very informative. I’m wondering why the opposite specialists of this sector do not notice this. You must continue your writing. I’m sure, you’ve a huge readers’ base already!
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
you are really a good webmaster. The site loading speed is incredible. It seems that you are doing any unique trick. Also, The contents are masterpiece. you’ve done a wonderful job on this topic!
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hello, Neat post. There is an issue with your site in web explorer, could test this¡K IE nonetheless is the marketplace chief and a big part of other people will leave out your magnificent writing because of this problem.
I love your blog.. very nice colors & theme. Did you design this website yourself or did you hire someone to do it for you? Plz answer back as I’m looking to design my own blog and would like to know where u got this from. appreciate it
I¡¦ve been exploring for a little bit for any high-quality articles or blog posts on this kind of space . Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this web site. Studying this information So i¡¦m happy to convey that I have an incredibly excellent uncanny feeling I discovered exactly what I needed. I such a lot no doubt will make certain to don¡¦t omit this site and give it a glance regularly.
Wow, incredible blog format! How long have you ever been blogging for? you make running a blog glance easy. The entire glance of your website is magnificent, let alone the content material!
I have read some good stuff here. Definitely worth bookmarking for revisiting. I wonder how so much effort you place to create any such great informative web site.
Well I truly enjoyed reading it. This subject offered by you is very practical for accurate planning.
Great awesome things here. I am very happy to peer your post. Thank you so much and i’m having a look forward to touch you. Will you kindly drop me a e-mail?
Hey there, You’ve done an incredible job. I will definitely digg it and personally suggest to my friends. I am confident they will be benefited from this web site.
Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to say that I’ve really enjoyed surfing around your blog posts. After all I’ll be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again soon!
It¡¦s really a great and useful piece of information. I¡¦m satisfied that you simply shared this helpful info with us. Please stay us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
Heya i’m for the first time here. I came across this board and I find It really useful & it helped me out much. I hope to give something back and help others like you helped me.
There is perceptibly a bundle to identify about this. I think you made certain nice points in features also.
I have to express appreciation to you for rescuing me from this type of scenario. Because of looking out throughout the internet and coming across tips which were not productive, I assumed my life was well over. Living devoid of the strategies to the problems you’ve resolved all through this short post is a critical case, as well as the kind that could have in a wrong way affected my entire career if I hadn’t noticed the website. That expertise and kindness in handling every part was valuable. I’m not sure what I would have done if I hadn’t come across such a step like this. I’m able to at this point look forward to my future. Thanks for your time very much for this high quality and results-oriented help. I will not think twice to propose the sites to anyone who needs and wants assistance on this matter.
I have to express my gratitude for your kindness supporting men and women that really need help with this important area of interest. Your special commitment to passing the message all-around turned out to be quite advantageous and has all the time allowed most people much like me to reach their goals. Your important help signifies a lot to me and much more to my office colleagues. Many thanks; from all of us.
This is very interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your excellent post. Also, I have shared your web site in my social networks!
A lot of thanks for your whole work on this web site. My mother takes pleasure in getting into investigation and it’s simple to grasp why. All of us hear all concerning the compelling tactic you present great secrets via this website and increase contribution from visitors on this area while our favorite child has been discovering so much. Take advantage of the rest of the year. You have been carrying out a dazzling job.
Your idea is outstanding; the issue is something that not enough persons are speaking intelligently about. I’m very happy that I stumbled throughout this in my seek for one thing regarding this.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Great blog here! Also your web site loads up fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my web site loaded up as fast as yours lol
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hello there. I discovered your blog by the use of Google whilst searching for a related subject, your site got here up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi, i feel that i noticed you visited my website so i got here to return the favor?.I’m attempting to to find issues to enhance my web site!I assume its good enough to make use of a few of your ideas!!|
Hello there. I found your blog by means of Google whilst searching for a comparable topic, your site came up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your web site via Google at the same time as looking for a related topic, your site came up. It appears to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually annoying. A good web site with exciting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Your style is really unique in comparison to other folks I’ve read stuff from. Thanks for posting when you’ve got the opportunity, Guess I will just book mark this web site.|
Thank you for sharing superb informations. Your site is so cool. I am impressed by the details that you have on this site. It reveals how nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this web page, will come back for extra articles. You, my friend, ROCK! I found simply the information I already searched everywhere and just couldn’t come across. What an ideal web site.
I think other site proprietors should take this web site as an model, very clean and magnificent user genial style and design, let alone the content. You’re an expert in this topic!
I was suggested this web site by means of my cousin. I am no longer certain whether or not this publish is written via him as no one else understand such distinct about my problem. You’re amazing! Thank you!|
It’s the best time to make some plans for the long run and it is time to be happy. I have read this post and if I may just I want to recommend you few attention-grabbing things or advice. Maybe you can write subsequent articles relating to this article. I wish to learn more things approximately it!|
That is a very good tip particularly to those fresh to the blogosphere. Simple but very accurate infoâ€¦ Appreciate your sharing this one. A must read article!|
Thank you for the good writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to more added agreeable from you! By the way, how could we communicate?
Hey there. I found your web site by the use of Google whilst looking for a similar topic, your site came up. It seems great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
I really like what you guys are usually up too. This sort of clever work and coverage! Keep up the superb works guys I’ve added you guys to blogroll.|
Hey there. I found your site by means of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable subject, your site got here up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really annoying. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Nice blog here! Also your web site loads up fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my site loaded up as quickly as yours lol|
Hi there. I discovered your site by way of Google whilst looking for a comparable topic, your website came up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Today, I went to the beachfront with my kids. I found a sea shell and gave it to my 4 year old daughter and said “You can hear the ocean if you put this to your ear.” She placed the shell to her ear and screamed. There was a hermit crab inside and it pinched her ear. She never wants to go back! LoL I know this is completely off topic but I had to tell someone!|
whoah this blog is magnificent i love reading your articles. Keep up the great work! You know, a lot of individuals are looking around for this information, you could help them greatly.
I savour, lead to I found just what I used to be looking for. You’ve ended my 4 day lengthy hunt! God Bless you man. Have a great day. Bye
Wonderful paintings! This is the type of information that are supposed to be shared across the internet. Shame on the seek engines for now not positioning this publish upper! Come on over and visit my website . Thank you =)
I have been reading out many of your articles and it’s pretty good stuff. I will make sure to bookmark your blog.
Pretty element of content. I simply stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to say that I get in fact enjoyed account your weblog posts. Anyway I’ll be subscribing on your augment or even I achievement you get admission to constantly quickly.|
These are truly fantastic ideas in on the topic of blogging. You have touched some fastidious factors here. Any way keep up wrinting.|
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good web site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
I have been exploring for a little for any high-quality articles or blog posts on this kind of space . Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this web site. Studying this info So i’m glad to convey that I have an incredibly just right uncanny feeling I discovered just what I needed. I so much without a doubt will make certain to don?t disregard this site and provides it a look regularly.|
Hi there, You’ve done a great job. I will definitely digg it and personally suggest to my friends. I’m confident they’ll be benefited from this site.
Thank you, I’ve recently been looking for information approximately this topic for ages and yours is the greatest I’ve discovered till now. However, what in regards to the conclusion? Are you certain about the supply?
It is actually a great and helpful piece of information. I am glad that you simply shared this useful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.
I simply wanted to compose a simple remark in order to express gratitude to you for those remarkable recommendations you are posting at this website. My incredibly long internet research has finally been rewarded with incredibly good tips to go over with my visitors. I ‘d tell you that most of us readers actually are definitely lucky to exist in a good network with so many brilliant professionals with very beneficial tactics. I feel somewhat privileged to have encountered your entire website and look forward to plenty of more pleasurable moments reading here. Thanks once more for all the details.
Amazing! This blog looks just like my old one! It’s on a entirely different topic but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Superb choice of colors!|
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good site with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I discovered your site via Google whilst searching for a related subject, your site came up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Thanks on your marvelous posting! I quite enjoyed reading it, you could be a great author.I will always bookmark your blog and will often come back in the foreseeable future. I want to encourage you to definitely continue your great job, have a nice day!|
You are so cool! I don’t think I have read anything like this before. So nice to discover somebody with a few original thoughts on this issue. Seriously.. thanks for starting this up. This web site is one thing that is required on the web, someone with some originality!|
Howdy! This is kind of off topic but I need some advice from an established blog. Is it difficult to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty fast. I’m thinking about setting up my own but I’m not sure where to begin. Do you have any ideas or suggestions? Thank you|
whoah this blog is excellent i like reading your posts. Stay up the good paintings! You realize, many persons are looking round for this information, you could help them greatly.
I¡¦ve read some just right stuff here. Definitely price bookmarking for revisiting. I wonder how a lot effort you set to create this type of fantastic informative website.
You actually make it appear really easy together with your presentation but I in finding this matter to be actually something which I feel I’d by no means understand. It sort of feels too complex and extremely vast for me. I’m taking a look ahead on your subsequent publish, I¡¦ll try to get the grasp of it!
Excellent blog here! Additionally your website rather a lot up very fast! What host are you the use of? Can I get your associate hyperlink in your host? I desire my web site loaded up as quickly as yours lol
I have read several excellent stuff here. Certainly value bookmarking for revisiting. I wonder how a lot attempt you place to create this kind of fantastic informative site.
Excellent post. I was checking continuously this blog and I am impressed! Extremely useful info specifically the last part I care for such information much. I was looking for this certain info for a long time. Thank you and best of luck.|
At this time I am going to do my breakfast, later than having my breakfast coming over again to read further news.|
Fantastic beat ! I would like to apprentice whilst you amend your site, how could i subscribe for a weblog web site? The account aided me a acceptable deal. I have been a little bit familiar of this your broadcast offered shiny transparent idea|
I was recommended this blog by my cousin. I’m not sure whether this post is written by him as no one else know such detailed about my difficulty. You are amazing! Thanks!
I was just searching for this info for some time. After 6 hours of continuous Googleing, finally I got it in your site. I wonder what is the lack of Google strategy that do not rank this type of informative web sites in top of the list. Generally the top web sites are full of garbage.
I am also commenting to make you understand of the beneficial encounter my wife’s daughter had going through your site. She realized plenty of details, not to mention what it’s like to have an incredible teaching spirit to get other folks with ease learn about chosen specialized topics. You really exceeded people’s desires. I appreciate you for distributing these practical, trustworthy, educational and as well as easy thoughts on the topic to Emily.
I would like to convey my love for your generosity for persons who need guidance on this one idea. Your personal commitment to getting the message across turned out to be wonderfully good and have constantly helped associates much like me to arrive at their aims. Your warm and friendly guideline indicates a great deal a person like me and much more to my fellow workers. Thank you; from everyone of us.
Thank you, I’ve recently been looking for information about this subject for a long time and yours is the best I’ve discovered till now. However, what in regards to the bottom line? Are you sure concerning the source?|
You are so interesting! I do not believe I’ve truly read through a single thing like this before. So great to discover another person with a few original thoughts on this subject. Seriously.. thanks for starting this up. This website is something that is required on the web, someone with a bit of originality!|
Wow, wonderful weblog structure! How lengthy have you ever been blogging for? you made running a blog look easy. The full glance of your site is magnificent, as neatly as the content!
Please let me know if you’re looking for a article author for your site. You have some really good articles and I feel I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d really like to write some articles for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please send me an email if interested. Cheers!|
You made some really good points there. I checked on the web to learn more about the issue and found most individuals will go along with your views on this web site.
I am now not certain where you are getting your information, but good topic. I must spend a while studying more or figuring out more. Thank you for excellent info I used to be in search of this info for my mission.
I am extremely inspired with your writing talents as well as with the layout on your blog. Is this a paid subject or did you customize it your self? Anyway keep up the nice quality writing, it is rare to peer a nice blog like this one today..|
Hey just wanted to give you a quick heads up and let you know a few of the images aren’t loading correctly. I’m not sure why but I think its a linking issue. I’ve tried it in two different web browsers and both show the same results.|
Hello there. I discovered your website by the use of Google whilst searching for a similar matter, your website got here up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good blog with exciting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there, after reading this remarkable article i am too glad to share my know-how here with colleagues.|
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Wow, marvelous blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your website is great, as well as the content!
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hi, every time i used to check weblog posts here early in the dawn, for the reason that i enjoy to find out more and more.|
I’m not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but I figured
Hey there, You’ve done a fantastic job. I’ll definitely digg it and personally suggest to my friends. I am sure they’ll be benefited from this site.|
Its like you read my mind! You appear to know so much about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you could do with some pics to drive the message home a little bit, but instead of that, this is magnificent blog. A fantastic read. I will definitely be back.
Hey there, You’ve done an incredible job. I will definitely digg it and personally suggest to my friends. I’m confident they will be benefited from this site.
You completed a number of good points there. I did a search on the issue and found most folks will go along with with your blog.
I savour, result in I found just what I was taking a look for. You’ve ended my 4 day lengthy hunt! God Bless you man. Have a great day. Bye
I have been reading out a few of your posts and i can state pretty clever stuff. I will surely bookmark your website.
I needed to draft you that little bit of word to be able to say thanks the moment again for your splendid principles you’ve documented at this time. It is quite particularly open-handed of people like you to deliver openly exactly what a few individuals would’ve sold for an e-book in order to make some dough on their own, most notably given that you could possibly have done it in case you considered necessary. The good ideas in addition acted to become a good way to fully grasp most people have the same zeal just as my own to learn a little more when it comes to this matter. Certainly there are thousands of more enjoyable moments in the future for those who go through your blog.
You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this matter to be actually something that I think I would never understand. It seems too complicated and very broad for me. I’m looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it!
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
I really appreciate this post. I have been looking everywhere for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You’ve made my day! Thanks again
We’re a group of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your website offered us with valuable information to work on. You have done a formidable job and our entire community will be grateful to you.
Hi my loved one! I wish to say that this article is awesome, nice written and come with almost all significant infos. I would like to see extra posts like this .
What’s up, everything is going perfectly here and ofcourse every one is sharing information, that’s genuinely excellent, keep up writing.|
I as well as my buddies have been checking the excellent suggestions found on your web blog then before long I had a horrible suspicion I had not thanked the site owner for those strategies. Those women had been totally passionate to learn them and have in fact been having fun with them. I appreciate you for actually being very thoughtful as well as for making a choice on varieties of outstanding issues most people are really desperate to understand about. My very own sincere regret for not saying thanks to sooner.
Terrific paintings! That is the type of info that should be shared across the internet. Disgrace on the search engines for now not positioning this post higher! Come on over and visit my web site . Thanks =)
I’m still learning from you, but I’m trying to achieve my goals. I definitely enjoy reading all that is posted on your blog.Keep the tips coming. I enjoyed it!
Hey there. I discovered your blog via Google even as looking for a similar matter, your site came up. It appears great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
This is really fascinating, You are an overly skilled blogger. I have joined your feed and look forward to seeking extra of your fantastic post. Also, I’ve shared your site in my social networks|
great points altogether, you simply won a new reader. What may you recommend in regards to your submit that you just made some days in the past? Any sure?
Very well written information. It will be valuable to anybody who utilizes it, including me. Keep doing what you are doing – i will definitely read more posts.
This is the right site for anybody who would like to understand this topic. You understand a whole lot its almost hard to argue with you (not that I really will need toâ€¦HaHa). You definitely put a new spin on a topic that has been written about for ages. Wonderful stuff, just wonderful!|
You have made some good points there. I checked on the internet to find out more about the issue and found most people will go along with your views on this site.|
I’m really loving the theme/design of your weblog. Do you ever run into any browser compatibility issues? A couple of my blog visitors have complained about my website not working correctly in Explorer but looks great in Opera. Do you have any tips to help fix this problem?|
You made some decent points there. I did a search on the topic and found most people will agree with your blog.
Hello my friend! I wish to say that this article is awesome, nice written and come with almost all important infos. I¡¦d like to peer more posts like this .
Fantastic beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your web site, how can i subscribe for a blog web site? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear concept
Hey there. I discovered your site by the use of Google while searching for a related matter, your site got here up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Thanks for the sensible critique. Me and my neighbor were just preparing to do a little research on this. We got a grab a book from our local library but I think I learned more from this post. I am very glad to see such wonderful information being shared freely out there.
I love what you guys tend to be up too. Such clever work and coverage! Keep up the awesome works guys I’ve incorporated you guys to blogroll.|
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a long time.
For the reason that the admin of this web page is working, no question very soon it will be famous, due to its feature contents.|
I truly appreciate this post. I have been looking all over for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You have made my day! Thank you again!
It’s a pity you don’t have a donate button! I’d most certainly donate to this superb blog! I guess for now i’ll settle for bookmarking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to fresh updates and will talk about this blog with my Facebook group. Chat soon!|
Hey there. I discovered your web site via Google at the same time as looking for a related matter, your site came up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
It’s going to be finish of mine day, except before end I am reading this impressive piece of writing to improve my know-how.|
At this moment I am going to do my breakfast, later than having my breakfast coming over again to read further news.|
Hi there to every one, it’s genuinely a fastidious for me to visit this site, it consists of useful Information.|
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hello, i think that i saw you visited my weblog thus i came to â€œreturn the favorâ€.I’m attempting to find things to improve my site!I suppose its ok to use some of your ideas!!|
Hi my family member! I wish to say that this article is awesome, nice written and come with approximately all significant infos. I would like to look more posts like this.
Hello, after reading this amazing article i am also delighted to share my know-how here with colleagues.|
I simply desired to thank you very much yet again. I am not sure the things that I might have accomplished in the absence of these tricks discussed by you directly on such subject. This was a horrifying matter in my opinion, nevertheless being able to view the specialised tactic you handled it took me to jump over delight. I will be thankful for this help and trust you comprehend what a great job you are accomplishing instructing people via a web site. Most probably you’ve never met any of us.
I’m still learning from you, as I’m improving myself. I absolutely love reading all that is written on your blog.Keep the stories coming. I liked it!
I go to see each day some blogs and information sites to read articles or reviews, however this webpage gives feature based writing.|
I haven¡¦t checked in here for a while because I thought it was getting boring, but the last few posts are great quality so I guess I¡¦ll add you back to my daily bloglist. You deserve it my friend
Just want to say your article is as amazing. The clarity to your post is just cool and that i could think you’re knowledgeable on this subject. Fine together with your permission allow me to snatch your RSS feed to stay up to date with drawing close post. Thanks 1,000,000 and please continue the enjoyable work.|
My brother suggested I may like this blog. He was entirely right. This submit actually made my day. You cann’t imagine simply how so much time I had spent for this info! Thank you!|
Good day! Do you know if they make any plugins to safeguard against hackers? I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any recommendations?|
Hello there I am so happy I found your blog, I really found you by accident, while I was researching on Google for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say thank you for a incredible post and a all round interesting blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to go through it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also added your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read a lot more, Please do keep up the excellent job.|
I’m not sure exactly why but this web site is loading very slow for me. Is anyone else having this issue or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later and see if the problem still exists.|
Generally I don’t read article on blogs, but I would like to say that this write-up very compelled me to take a look at and do it! Your writing taste has been amazed me. Thank you, quite nice article.|
Hello there, I found your blog by means of Google even as looking for a similar topic, your web site came up, it appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is a very well written article. I’ll make sure to bookmark it and return to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I will definitely return.|
Hello there. I discovered your site via Google whilst looking for a related subject, your web site came up. It appears to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
you are actually a excellent webmaster. The site loading pace is amazing. It sort of feels that you’re doing any distinctive trick. Furthermore, The contents are masterpiece. you have performed a fantastic activity on this topic!|
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to more added agreeable from you! However, how could we communicate?|
Good article! We are linking to this particularly great content on our site. Keep up the good writing.
No matter if some one searches for his vital thing, therefore he/she wishes to be available that in detail, thus that thing is maintained over here.|
Proposition of posters compaign against food wastage for the DA’s club competition. Teamwork with Damien Bauza and Lorine Hennebelle published in the DA’s Club book.
The project has also been selected for the exhibition “Design to feed the world” that was held by the Cumulus Exhib Team, at Fabbrica del Vapore, in Milan, in June 2015. La Sapienza University of Rome is also in charge of a publication for the exhibition.
Story Time. Imagine there’s a news source, let’s call it The Globe. You’ve trusted them for years. Then one day you go to a country, let’s call it “Syristan”, and you see an Event. But the Globe’s reporting on the Event is nothing like what you saw. This happens, again, and again.
You’re confused, because reporters from the Globe are right there with you, seeing the same things you’re seeing. But their reports are the complete opposite of what you see happening. Welcome to Syria. Now transfer “The Globe” to CNN, Fox, MSNBC, BBC…
Suddenly you realize when you google “Syria” none of the top results mean anything, because they’re all lies. You know that because you’ve been right next to the reporters as they’re lying. But now people are calling YOU a liar, because you’re not saying what everyone else says…
It’s like some sort of twisted reality, where up is down and wrong is right. Now imagine being Syrian, turning on the TV, and hearing reporters who live on the other side of the planet lying about your country. You look around and wonder, what Syria are they talking about?
This is the dilemma we face. Media has warped reality, but media IS reality, and so for many Syrians, they now live in a world where they’re bombed for things they know never happened. But they don’t have a way to get their message out, so all they can do is stand by and watch…
Watch independent media on Youtube to find out what’s going on in Syria. Honestly. Jimmy Dore, RT, many others. MSM will do nothing but propaganda on Syria.
Sorry, the link works for me and it’s a public post. Can’t figure out how to post it any other way. It’s probably on YT but I don’t know its provenance or how to search for it. I’ll try again in a bit.
The Armed Forces Vocational Aptitude Battery (ASVAB) is a test all enlisted candidates must take with the recruiter during the enlistment process. It is typically taken in the office on the computer in a shortened format. Then you will take the full ASVAB again at Military Entrance Processing Station (MEPS) on the day you swear into the Delayed Entry Program (DEP). The test is actually multiple subtests and graded with an overall percentile score – not percentage score. In other words, you are ranked accordingly with other recruits and by a percentage that you got correct.
Paige Bravely Opens Up to the Bella Twins About the "Lowest" Point in Her Life on Total Divas - Fort McMurray\\\'s source for news and events
On this week’s all-new Total Divas, the retired WWE star bravely opened up about the harassment she’s received after “private photos were stolen and released” to the public. According to the British-born athlete, she was inundated with disparaging remarks about her body and private life following this scandal.
“I’ve had enough of people trying to degrade me all the time,” Paige explained in a confessional. “Now it’s just really hard to go out and say hello to the fans. At the same time, I don’t want people to know that they got to me.”
Although Paige tried to “shrug everything off,” she did confide in Nikki Bella and Brie Bella about her ongoing struggles. Apparently, shortly after the leak, a fan accused Paige of being a “f–king porn star.”
“This is still so fresh to me even though it’s been like a year, or whatever,” Paige shared with Brie and Nikki. “Someone invaded our privacy and put it out there for the world, probably for monetary gain.”
Understandably, this time was the “lowest” point in Paige’s life. In fact, the turmoil took such a toll on the wrestling veteran that she started cutting herself and using drugs.
“I had no idea how serious it was, this is breaking my heart,” Nikki relayed later on. “Paige has always been so tough. She has this tough exterior to her and to see her break down those walls and just open up to Brie and I—it’s shocking.”
Even though Paige built herself back up following the crisis, she also realized that her hardships have had a lasting impact. “Lately it’s been really getting to me and I just feel like now’s the time that I should talk to the girls about it,” Paige added to the Total Divas cameras. “I’m not as strong as what they think, I’m not as badass as what they think…as what anyone thinks, actually.”
Thankfully, the Bella Twins were able to offer Paige some sage advice and an opportunity to let off steam. In an attempt to raise Paige’s spirits, Nikki and Brie brought their gal pal to a place where she could “literally smash cars.”
“All the things that Paige went through, it just like angers me ’cause she’s such a good person,” Brie admitted. “And now that she’s retired from wrestling, not to have that kind of release [from] anger, it’s really hard.”
Paige wasn’t the only Total Divas star going through a hard time as Lana found herself stressing over her career. After not landing TV time for 13 weeks, Lana decided it was time to change up her look by dyeing her hair hot pink. Unfortunately, Rusev‘s wife didn’t run the hair change by the higher-ups at the WWE!
“Obviously it’s not working for me in a f–king sequined dress with f–king blonde hair,” the distraught wrestler expressed to Nattie Neidhart while dyeing her hair. “You would be honest with me, do I really suck at wrestling? I feel like I’ve gotten better at wrestling.”
“Why is she dyeing her hair hot pink in my bathroom?” a furious Nia inquired. “Oh my god, are you kidding me? What the hell?”
Although Nia was frustrated with Lana for playing salon in her bathroom, she was left shocked alongside Trinity Fatu when their peer revealed she hadn’t gotten approval over the hair color.
“In our business you have to evolve,” Trinity explained in a confessional. “If you don’t, you get left behind.”
Nonetheless, Fatu warned Lana that the WWE might not like the pink ‘do. “If they put me on TV next week, then thank the lord, because I haven’t been on TV in 13 weeks,” Lana retorted. “Maybe pink hair will get me on TV.”
As Lana’s insecurities continued to get worse, her friends reassured her that she was a “unique” performer and would figure out a way to capture the WWE’s attention. After hounding the higher-ups, Senior Director of Talent Relations Mark Carrano happily informed Lana that she booked TV time.
“Anything can happen in the WWE, anything can get turned around in a second, but we have to be prepared to go out there and crush it,” Lana concluded. “This is the moment I realize that my story, that my character, is relatable.”
I had been waiting for my package for 3 weeks and when it was finally delivered, I found the package torn open, but luckily only a Bicycle Guardians...
Excellent service, best prices on the net. Very helpful with questions on purchased products. Shipping very fast also. Love the 10% Lifetime discount.
以往有人通过绝食来进行减肥，渴望花最短的时间达到最优的效果，但是这种减肥办法是非常有危害性，并且极易反弹的。所以现在基本上大家除了不吃晚饭，其余还是会选择进食。但其实有一种减肥方法类似于“半绝食”，也就是“半断食减肥法”。
AIP4Plot from CBA member Lew Cook A must have Excel workbook to automate your AIP4WIN data reduction results.
The coverage this product gives me is not ideal, but it does a super job as a primer. It glides onto my skin and provides a great base for my foundation. It also helps my foundation last a bit longer. I especially like to use it during the winter months when my skin tends to be a bit drier – this product makes my skin feel and look more hydrated and gives my skin a natural looking glow. I was lucky enough to win this product and I will enjoy using it till the last drop, but I don’t think this is something I will purchase for myself.
Sometimes you need a little space. So, if you've got a group and you want to book an event just fill out the form below.
If you wish to apply for a serving or hostess position, please apply within the venue. For all other positions please click here.
SecondWife.com functions like any other dating service – with users filling out a questionnaire about their interests and posting photos of themselves in the hopes of finding a match – except the site is meant for married Muslim men.
The move came after Twitter deleted a post by Heiko Maas dating back to 2010 before. sending a New Year’s greeting in Arabic on Twitter. "What the hell is going on with this country? Why is an official police site. tweeting in Arabic?"
Zooxanthellae And Coral Symbiotic Relationship Symbiosis is when two or more different. In addition, these bacteria also help us establish a healthy immune system. Zooxanthellae and coral Another amazing example of mutualism is the relationship between zooxanthellae, Precious Olga Sex Chat Live sex cam model KatePrecious is a mediterranean blonde teen webcam girl with beautiful natural nice boobs. She is a 18 years old online
Yesterday we introduced you to online Muslim matchmaking world and a few popular websites. Today we look at one more. Besides, the individual has the option to add “Your Top 21 Personal Questions to Ask Your Match,” which are.
As Iran’s supreme leader accused “enemies of Iran” of trying to destabilize his country, the State Department pressed Tehran to unblock social media sites.
Ugly Girls Dating Sites that he is now a meme) are all married to women of Asian descent. As a commenter wrote on an alt-right forum, “exclusively” dating Asian women is. Find love is not easy, but this online dating site can help you. Register on this site online and start dating. It’s free, try it out right now. I’ve been using ‘normal’ dating
Webcamchamps.com, the best selection of live web cam sex sites on the internet. We’ve carefully selected the top sex chat sites and listed them for you here.
International Relationship Free Places To Meet Women To Fuck Sites Listing the best Philippines dating sites and Asia dating sites where most of the members are Filipina girls looking for a foreign husband or boyfriend. Local sex personals for no strings attached sex and adult dating on backpage. Personal ads for swingers and personals for NSA casual encounters. As dating becomes more
Explore Malta holidays and discover the best time and places to visit. | Malta packs glorious variety into its small archipelago. You’ll find prehistoric temples.
Protesters slipped under the radar by using the Muslim dating site Mawada to send clandestine messages organizing. “I’m trying to blend the best of both worlds — the Arabic and the English. I can hopefully reach both audiences.”
President Donald Trump last month recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and said he would move the U.S. Embassy there – dismaying Palestinians who claim the eastern part of the city and angering Arab states. with its.
Speed dating is always a bit awkward. “The clock keeps ticking,” it says at the top of the site. “Our motto: Muslims marry Muslims.” (Mr. Baig says he knows of 26 weddings so far that stemmed from his events.) There has been some.
Catnaps is a personal website and resource for islamic architecture, planning and design, photographs, the cassini and maraldi astronomer families and ww1 military.
Casting aside extensive historical documentation — including information found in Islamic texts — the top Muslim cleric in Jerusalem made the claim over the weekend that the Temple Mount has been the site of. was loose in dating.
Jan. 17 (UPI) –South Korean boy band sensation EXO made a splash at The Dubai Fountain, where the United Arab. dating back to 1907, today’s UPI is a.
The best was from a man on a boat. “I’ve tried a few of the most popular Muslim dating sites,” says Aisha*, a Sunni Muslim. “On one, I got loads of emails from men 15 years younger than me living in Pakistan and India, who just.
This site will help you come up with ideas. TrueDater.com – A community for people to discuss their experiences on various dating sites so you can choose the one that’s best for you. for the followers of the Muslim faith.
We’re over halfway through 2017, so let’s take a look back on the best fails of the year so far! Courtesy of FailArmy, of course.
Free Places To Meet Women To Fuck Sites Listing the best Philippines dating sites and Asia dating sites where most of the members are Filipina girls looking for a foreign husband or boyfriend. Local sex personals for no strings attached sex and adult dating on backpage. Personal ads for swingers and personals for NSA casual encounters. As dating becomes more and more difficult in the West, men are
See more of our top stories on Facebook » On. and that he may have scouted sites associated with Disney World.
Saudi Arabia is as diverse in its landscapes as it is. dates — a must-visit for those with a sweet tooth. The Arar region is best known for its historical and archaeological sites that date back to the pre-Islamic era. Many valleys are home to.
Jerusalem (CNN)The key to one of Christianity’s holiest sites is held by a Muslim family, and it has been for centuries. He implores me to run my finger along the ancient stamp of the Turkish sultan, dating back to the Ottoman rule of.
On the Eve of Hurricane Gustav's landfall near New Orleans the Republicans have changed Convention plans though the details appear to remain fluid. President Bush and VP Cheney will not appear tomorrow in Minneapolis as planned, and other major speakers like the Governor of Louisiana will not be in attendance either.
The latest reports suggest the convention may only last one day, Presumably to nominate John McCain, and then be postponed to another date. Strategically this may actually have the advantage of giving the Republicans a monster event with monster media coverage much closer to the election than is usual.
Gustav is about to bring flooding and high wind to the Mississipi and Louisiana coastlines and the convention would have been both interrupted for Hurricane news and have been a conspicuous "celebration" in the midst of potentially another major storm tragedy for the Gulf Coast.
Wow, the buzz over Sarah Palin is sure a lot bigger than the Biden Buzz was! Did I just say Biden Buzz Wuzz? Yes, I did.
McCain may actually have a challenge (or advantage?) being eclipsed by Palin who may emerge at the "rock star" of that team while Obama keeps his star persona intact with his pick of Joe Biden whose demeanor is unlikely to overshadow that of his running mate the way Palin may overshadow McCain's personality and style.
Almost everybody is asking "Who is Sarah Palin" so I thought I'd provide a list of the best links, including some to her official websites that come from the state of Alaska where she is the Governor.
McCain's Palin pick is certainly successful at focusing attention on her and away from the Democratic Convention and Obama which have completly dominated the US news cycle for the past four days. Unlike Obama's VP Joe Biden, Palin has a very "new and interesting" appeal to the media, though I remain skeptical that Hillary Clinton supporters are likely to change their party allegiances to vote for somebody who is even more conservative than McCain.
Sarah Palin Profile by Fred Barnes at Weekly Standard in 2007. Barnes is a conservative pundit who speaks for many Republicans in the conservative wing of the party, and may have been a significant influence in McCain's decision.
In a move that seems to have surprised almost everyone, John McCain has picked Alaska Governor Sarah Palin for his Vice Presidential running mate.
The announcement came this morning, strategically undermining a news day that otherwise would have been filled with Democratic Convention imagery making Barack Obama look as much like a rock star as a presidential candidate. The pick also is clearly an attempt to chip away at what appears to be Obama's weakness in appealing to some Hillary Clinton supporters.
Palin is a conservative who is pro-life, favors drilling in Alaska (ironically McCain has opposed this but I think will change his position after the election), and is a strong advocate for gun rights.
The McCain campaign strategy here appears to be an attempt to please the conservative base - many of whom like Palin a lot for her outspoken and conservative ideas about Government - while also appealing to what appears to be a minor backlash among Democrats against Obama for not choosing Hillary Clinton as his running mate.
It's going to be very interesting watching the Biden - Palin debates, though I can't help but think Palin will struggle to show how she can match Biden's foreign policy and military experience. Biden will be hard to swiftboat given his affable nature and non-confrontatational history in the Senate, where Palin's youth, experience, and good looks may hinder her ability to connect with voters.
As the Democratic National Convention wraps up tonight with what promises to be a near "rock star" event featuring Barack Obama, John McCain is preparing to announce his pick for Vice Presendential running mate tomorrow at a large rally in Ohio.
President Picker says that McCain will probably pick former EBAY CEO and billionaire Meg Whitman both thanks to her strong economic background in the private sector and the appeal a woman will bring to the ticket for the millions of older women who have suggested they'll either support McCain or not vote at all after their disappointment with the failure of the Hillary Clinton campaign.
For McCain, this is a complex strategy but I think it's a viable one. Polls are showing that many Clinton supporters, especially women, are feeling disaffected. There is arguably no better way to encourage them to either switch to McCain or stay away from the polls than to force them to vote *against* a woman on the ticket. In all of US history there has only been a single woman on a presidential campaign ticket - Geraldine Ferarro with Walter Mondale almost three decades ago.
Will women vote for McCain only because he's got a woman on the ticket? A few will, but more importantly from a strategic point of view the choice of Whitman will help keep the disaffection alive on the Democratic side as a constant reminder to women of Obama's decision that he would *not* place Hillary Clinton on his own ticket, leaving women out of the Presidential power game yet again.
Barack Obama was just nominated by acclamation after an appeal for that by Senator Hillary Clinton as the New York Delegation prepared to cast their votes.
Party Chair Nancy Pelosi then called for the yes vote and after an enthusiastic yes crowd shout, whe did not wait for any "no" votes to be shouted and quickly concluded the nomination. Rules of order meant that Obama then would officially accept the nomination.
It's day three of the Democratic Convention and there has been little to suggest the powerful levels of discontent in the party a few months ago as Barack Obama narrowly beat out Hillary Clinton for the nomination.
Day 2 of the Democratic Convention brought us the much anticipated speech of Hillary Clinton, which to all but the sharpest critics was a very powerful endorsement of both the party ideals and Barack Obama.
After a touching mother and daughter introduction, Senator Clinton gave what I felt was probably the most powerful and the most important speech of her entire career, essentially fully conceding the election to Obama and expressing in no uncertain terms that her supporters should support him now.
Although cynics would say Clinton had no choice here because to fight would have been to lose future party support, I think these relationships are fairly well defined from the outset, and Clinton has known for some time that she'd be backing Obama pretty much as she has for the past several months. The election will not hinge on Clinton support - rather Obama must try to convince the approximately 10% of Clintonians who say they will now support McCain that although Clinton was their choice, Obama is their man now. Given that Clinton and Obama's politics are very similar this is unlikely to be a problem.
Tonight there are likely to be some minor Clinton supporter skirmishes but it will be very hard to stand in the way of what has so far been a very positive and powerful message of support for Obama from all corners of the Democratic Party, including a simply brilliant speech by Michelle Obama on Monday night.
As Michelle Obama prepares to address the Democratic National Convention in Denver the pundits are talking about the tone of the convention which so far has been very much a sort of cozy, feel good affair rather than a presentation of the talking points most strategists think the Democrats must hammer home to win the election - points such as economic challenges and the Iraq war.
However it appears to me the strategy is solid, and is to present Obama as a friendly and unifying force rather than a combative one. Appealing to people's desire for change is complicated because many of our natural tendencies
are to keep comfortable with the status quo and view agents of change with great skepticism. This is a natural and functional response and playing off this tendency will form much of the McCain strategy moving forward. Already Fox news and other conservative spokespeople are trying to paint Obama as an unknown force of change - almost as a foreigner rather than a dedicated pubic servant.
Thus I think the counter strategy by the Democrats is to make people feel comfortable with Obama. Look for an almost constant dialog promoting this agenda - Obama as a composed, friendly, stable fellow American who will make the changes many Americans feel are needed in the country.
Michelle Obama's delivery is brilliant so far - she's polished and confident, yet speaking almost conversationally with the very enthusiastic Denver crowd. Her mother and brother's introduction was touching and it is not hard to believe Michelle Obama is herself an exceptional example of the American dream.
John King at CNN is very correctly noting that the idea is to make a connection for people who otherwise see little in common with Obama.
In a pick that hasn't generated all that much buzz or press, Barack Obama has picked Delaware Senator Joe Biden as his Presidential running mate. The choice seemed to fly in the face of some conventional wisdom about running mates in that Obama and Biden share a lot of ideology and Biden is unlikely to attract many more southern or moderate voters to the Obama camp.
Near the eve of the Democratic Convention we find Obama and McCain equal in most polls, perhaps in large part because, as CNN polling director Holland has noted:
"The number of Clinton Democrats who say they would vote for McCain has gone up 11 points since June, enough to account for most, although not all, of the support McCain has gained in that time," Holland said.
Barack Obama is reported to have selected his vice presidential partner during his vacation time in Hawaii, and the announcement is expected to be made by email and probably also twitter and facebook alerts to Obama supporters/subscribers on Wednesday early in the morning.
Kaine, Bayh, and Biden were normally suggested as Obama's top picks, but others are possible as well.
John McCain, asked by Rick Warren to cite the three wisest people he knows, quickly named General David Petraeus but then seemed stumped. He named John Lewis - a liberal congressman with whom McCain has less in common than most in politics, and then Meg Whitman, EBAY CEO who is in a key player in the McCain campaign . Given that he's been thinking every day about his VP nominee I'm wondering if he sort of panicked and let slip her name. Whitman is a superb strategic choice for VP given that she'd peel away some of Obama's support from middle aged and older women who have been very frustrated to see Hilary Clinton's failure, and Whitman would reinforce McCain's pro business "economically sophisticated" appeal to moderates.
Barack Obama is taking questions at the Saddleback forum from moderate evangelical Pastor Rick Warren. Warren may emerge as a significant player in the election as his moderate philosophy is appealing to many, and the evangelical vote represents a key electoral block. McCain tends to hold most of that vote and will for the election, but if Warren speaks equally about the qualifications of each candidate it'll be a boon to the Obama campaign, possibly justifying for some evangelicals a vote outside of their normal frame of reference. Alternatively if Warren comes out strongly for McCain we could see a new groundswell of the support McCain has lacked so far - the kind of passionate conservative power block that helped GW Bush in both his presidential campaign victories.
As the conventions approach - events that will more clearly than anything shape the coming battle in November for the presidency - it is the John Edwards sex and alleged payola scandal that has grabbed most of the headlines.
Rather than signalling a willingness to undermine the Democratic primary process, I'd suggest that Edwards, having failed to capture a significant shot at winning, tired of the process, leading him to succomb to the moral lapses that are now making headlines.
More significant than the affair - at least in terms of legality and credibility - are what appear to be hush payments. Although I doubt Edwards was involved in these you can make a case he bears more responsibility here than he appears willing to take on.
This episode may be good news for Obama, who has the lead and more than anything simply needs to just keep on keeping on. McCain, on the other hand, needs to either grab the spotlight or shine it on Obama problems. Edwards is keeping that from happening, and thus may have an interesting impact on our attention deficit political process.
With Obama sitting in Hawaii deciding on a VP, and Tim Kaine standing to tip the hat in the closest of the "close states", it's looking good for Kaine as the new Obama VP.
The latest "close state" polls at RealClearPolitics.com show a dead heat (as in a real tie, not the silly "statistical tie" the media often refers to in very misleading fashion when results lie within error bounds):
Obama's looking pretty strong in this comparison, though it's important to note that flipping a few of the current electoral state results by a few percentages quickly gives the election to McCain. Our crazy Electoral college system, as we (failed to learn) from the 2000 Florida fiasco, puts an enormous amount of value on states that are close. This distorts the campaigns, forcing them to focus attention on swing voters in swing states a lot more than the rest of the population.
The founders intent was to balance things out, but it is unlikely they'd approve of the current situation because state's autonomy is of far less importance in the modern context than it was in the founding days of the USA.
Today John Edwards admitted his affair with a filmmaker who (later?) worked for his campaign making commercials.
Edwards' wife Elizabeth's cancer was a significant issue in the campaign and this indiscretion is magnified by the fact that many who admired the courageousness of her campaigning in the midst of a cancer battle will be particularly upset by Edwards' infidelity. Of course campaigns, sex, lies, and videotape are all intertwined in complex ways in American politics so it is possible this matter was already known to Elizabeth, as Bill Clinton's many dalliances were well known to Hillary even as she helped him imply there was little or no foundation to the rumors.
While most polls show Obama with a lead over McCain, Rasmussen Reports has for some time suggested that McCain is leading in several key states as well as I think overall leading nationally.
Although it's possible Rasmussen is on to something other pollsters are missing, common sense suggests that his results - out of the statistical probability ranges for the other polls - are the result of a polling error.
I want to see their methodology but I'm wondering if the cell phone factor is an issue. Young voters are more likely to support Obama but also *far* less likely to be polled by traditional means, which often exclude cell phone calls. I'm assuming some polls are trying to factor in this complex cell phone variable but assume that factor may create a lot of variability.
Hardball arguably offers the most intense political analysis, and they are sizing up the VP competition as following:
Although Romney is a good pick for McCain, I think they missed the boat here. Another smart choice is Kay Baily Hutchinson to peel away the Hillary Supporters still reeling from the Obama defeat. As a woman she'd pull more total votes than other VPs, though I'm not clear if that support would come from the necessary states. Still, enough states will be close that the best VP strategy is a powerful *national* support getter.
I think two senators are weak on a ticket, so it'll be Tim Kane in this group but I think more likely is Wesley Clark, a smart and sharp campaigner who could put to rest any military challenges to the ticket.
I'm not sure if this New York Times characterization of McCain is fair, but certainly Obama has the upper hand in terms of online sophistication.
Ironically it's the McCain campaign that could do wonders with better online activity, since most younger folks are Obama supporters already. ie McCain might peel away support from Obama - something he'll have to do to win in November - by bringing the fight online where views are cheap and support can be fickle.
HMD Global is striving hard to manufacture affordable quality smartphones. With the era where smartphones are shipping in with four camera sensors, the Finnish company has taken a step ahead with five camera sensors. This is according to the Chinese source Baidu that says future Nokia flagships will have seven camera holes. Five of them are for camera lenses and two are for the LED flash. However, it is not clearly mentioned as how these five sensors will be placed. But if we guess, then there could be three sensors on the rear end and two sensors for the front camera. Nokia is trying to implement the round OZO camera technology to its smartphones. The upcoming Nokia 9 is rumored to feature four camera lens so the futuristic handset will be gaining more. Irrespective of the model and design, it is sure that the next flagship can feature five camera
Alcatel extends its A7 series smartphones with two new models. The Alcatel A7 XL is the first dual camera that can capture stunning images. The Alcatel A7 offers a high-resolution camera with excellent multimedia performance. “The A7 Series smartphones are designed to help today’s tech-savvy consumer in the UAE power up their life,” “The A7 XL helps you take clearer and more detailed photos and showcase your creativity, while the A7 delivers fast multitasking, a smooth gaming experience, and long battery life. Both offer the advanced technology, exceptional performance, and eye-catching design that are the hallmarks of an Alcatel smartphone.” said Christophe Corsi, Regional Director, Alcatel Middle East. The Alcatel A7 XL sports the premium body quality with its pure metal design. The 6-inches FHD IPS display adds flavor to the design with a screen resolution at 1920 X 1080 pixels. It is sleek in design with 8.65mm and weighs
Vivo X20 Plus, the first smartphone featuring in-display fingerprint sensor will make its debut on January 24. Earlier this month, the manufacturer showed off this concept and is now all set to make it commercial. This is the first device to sport Synaptics Clear ID 9500 which is an optical fingerprint sensor that integrates into the display screen. Almost all the tech giants like Apple and Samsung were not successful in implementing the technology into their smartphones. So, this is a huge opportunity for the Chinese manufacturer to show off its technological innovation. The upcoming device with a Synaptics in-display sensor takes the place at the bottom of the display. It has received the TENAA certification recently and initially it was named as Vivo X20 Plus UD. As per the reports from the official Weibo account, Vivo is planning to host this event on January 24 at Beijing, China. However, there
No more worries about battery life. It is painful to find your smartphone draining out especially when there is no power outlet nearby. Having a portable charger is always helpful especially while you travel a lot. This is the best way to charge your smartphone on the go. Since it is of utmost importance, you should select the best portable charger that can get the value to your money. With the availability of tons of options, it is a bit overwhelming to choose the best one. Some portable chargers include fast charging, LED flashlights, and built-in cables. Here we have curated our choice of Top 5 Best Portable chargers in UAE. So, let us start to explore the best of the best. Anker PowerCore+ 26800 PD Apart from smartphones, this portable charger is capable enough to charge a MacBook or a Nintendo Switch. It can charge all the devices with
It is quite tedious to find the perfect phone, especially for gaming. After revealing the more detailed plan of Honor 7X at CES 2018 announcement session, there is nothing seem to better gaming powerhouse than the Huawei’s Honor 7X. Mobile gaming has become common and popular these days. This popularity is pushing the developers to introduce more features with detailed graphics. The Honor 7X was designed to handle intensive games like Arena of Valor and Vainglory without any issues. Apart from the gaming, Honor 7X also focused on the camera. The phone is set to auto-rotate based on the device position and your face position. So, now you can play games laying in bed comfortably. You need not off the auto-rotate option. The device will automatically recognize that your face is not viewing the device in vertical position. The Honor 7X sports powerful hardware with a Kirin 659 processor and
Disappointing sales and lesser demand could force to cease the production of Apple’s popular flagship iPhone X. It has been only six months since the tech giant Apple introduced iPhone X into the market. Now, as per the credible Source Apple Insider, the Cupertino company will cancel the iPhone X production probably in this summer due to huge reduction in sales. This is the first iPhone to be continued after iPhone 5C back in 2014. The Apple Insider report states that “In a research note seen by AppleInsider, KGI securities believes that Apple will ship around 18 million of the iPhone X in the first calendar quarter of 2018. Contrary to other predictions based on the supply chain, KGI says that the iPhone X has not been as impactful in China as predicted because of the notch holding the sensors for the device, giving consumers the impression that there is less
Samsung’s new patent reveals the smartphone with a concept of selfie camera and the fingerprint sensor placed into the display screen. The South Korean giant is already working to introduce in-display fingerprint sensor. Now, Samsung is taking a step further and planning to embed front camera under the display screen. LetsGoDigital was the first source to spot the news. The report shows the patent with a flexible OLED screen containing holes on the top end. But this is not for the front camera, instead, it is for the earpiece and sensors. In the era of the technological advancement, we are seeing may top giants working towards innovation. Apple introduced top-notch design and is working on to hide the speakers under the display screen. Vivo has already launched the first smartphone with an in-display fingerprint sensor. Now, the South Korean giant is stepping ahead further with the in-display selfie camera. This
Huawei, the second-largest manufacturer has made its way to the latest Huawei Mate 10 Pro. The edge-to-edge display screen, powerful processor, AI-based software and dual cameras make it compete with the South Korean tech giant Samsung. While taking a decision to choose from the Huawei Mate 10 Pro and Samsung Galaxy Note 8, there are few things that you would want to consider. There is no doubt that Mate 10 Pro is the best option, but Note 8 is nowhere downside. So, here is how we can compare the two titans, Mate 10 Pro and Galaxy Note 8. Design & Display Both the phones are the best choice if you are looking to have a massive screen with a compact package of features. The Galaxy Note 8 is a bit larger at 6.3-inches than the Mate 10 Pro at 6-inches. Though both handsets seem to be similar, but when we
Love Music! And looking out for the best portable speakers that you can carry along. Then here is a guide with the Top 5 best Bluetooth Speakers in UAE. There is a huge improvement in the wireless technology and thus we can expect a better sound quality within a small equipment. Bluetooth speaker is the more convenient way to play music at your home or at your holiday spot. Here are the picks that are worth spending money. However, if you prefer great sound quality then portable Bluetooth speakers might not be the best option. UE Boom 2 The UE Boom 2 takes the top position in the list of Best Bluetooth Speakers in UAE. This is due to its compact, durable nature and thanks to the waterproofing nature that makes it the best choice. As for the design, the UE boom 2 has come up minor changes compared to
Huawei sub-brand Honor is starting off its year with the two main devices- Honor 7X and Honor View 10. While the Honor 7X is the best affordable smartphone, and Honor View 10 offers similar features as OnePlus 5T. Thus these two smartphones are going to rule the low-range and mid-range smartphone market. Though both the latest handsets look almost identical, there are many pretty features that make it different. The devices feature the same all-metal design, dual camera setup, and large display. With both the handsets offering similar features, which one is better for you to choose? Let us see the in detail comparison of Honor devices. This could definitely guide you through the best choice. Design and Display The Honor 7X meets the latest design requirements of the large bezel-less display at 5.93-inches. Put it alongside, the Honor View 10 features almost similar display screen at 5.99-inches. Both the
This article is relevant if you are seeking a quick way to learn how to make a NetSuite based Web Services (SuiteTalk) API call.
As a NetSuite Systems Integrator, we work with all the platform mechanisms to enhance and work with the application. Popularized during the early 2000s, one of the NetSuite interfaces offered is Web Services which is based on using XML and SOAP based standards. Making a Web Services generally is easy if you using tools such as Microsoft .NET to connect to NetSuite. However, if you want to quickly diagnose challenges while working with NetSuite Web Services, there is a way to craft the call and interact with the interface in a more raw format.
While there are many tools available for producing web based development, my favorite for interacting with custom NetSuite RESTLets is Postman. While working with one of my consultants on an NetSuite implementation project, he used Postman to interact with Web Services. As such, I thought it was valuable to show how how Postman can easily produce HTTP interaction with Web Services.
The key to quickly get this working is to obtain sample SOAP XML available via Setup, Integration, Web Services Log. See image for where to download the Web Services Request which can be used to build your payload. Modify the payload to contain your credentials.
If you are passionate about the NetSuite platform like I am, and you hold high standards for how you conduct yourself while innovating on the platform, perhaps we should have a discussion about working with our team.
I have too used Postman and it really helps to test out the Restlet quickly. Once the configuration is done, you are ready to go.
Good stuff. I’ve also found SOAP UI quite useful as it produces sample requests (called Test Cases) for whichever SOAP method you like based on the SuiteTalk WSDL.
Actually, I myself would subsequently copy it into Postman as the authentication part in SOAP UI is not as intuitive as in Postman.
Thank you. I don’t have any experience with Microsoft Power Query. Perhaps someone in community may offer up thinking.
I. Warmup II. Complete as many rounds as possible in 20 minutes of: 10 strict knees-to-elbows 3 wall walks Scroll for scaling options. Post rounds completed to comments. Scaling This workout will quickly become tedious and uncomfortable. Each set of… Read more »
Name: Joy Tucker Hometown: Maroa, IL Occupation: Licensed Insurance Rep How long have you been doing CrossFit? 8 months What do you enjoy about CrossFit and being a member at CrossFit KMC? I love how everyone and the coaches are so supportive and… Read more »
My name is Catherina Lissner, I grew up in East Germany and moved to Stockholm after my studies in architecture. After 13 years in Sweden my boyfriend and I came to the Netherlands. In October 2014 we found a good home in Almere Haven.
Around the age of 6-7 I started to explore clay and have since not given up on it. The simple pleasure of creating something by hand as well as playing with form and color is the main attraction for me. I also find peace and meditation in the repetitive motion of the throwing wheel.
My work contains mostly dishes (mugs, bowls, plates, etc.) in stone ware, but also sculptures, bird houses and more.I find great joy in firing ceramics in the japanese raku technique. The immediate results, the vibrance of colors and varying craques are a big thrill.
My ceramics has been shown in several exhibitions and at a local art center in Stockholm. I sold necklaces at a boutique chain in Sweden and participated in art walks. A big project was the artistic entrance designs for 5 residential buildings that I had designed in my job as an architect.
Ceramics was for many years an extended hobby next to my work as an architect. But after a time of sickness I want to dedicate my time to my passion for clay.
Show: All | General Information | Ordinaries | Historical Summary | Statistics | Affiliated Bishops, Living | Affiliated Bishops, Deceased
​Happy Feast Day of Saint Nicholas! While much of what is known of St. Nicholas comes from legends passed down over the years, Saint Nicholas of Myra, like many other saints, has a rich and extraordinary history. Saint Nicholas is the patron saint of sailors, merchants, children, students, among others.
My son awoke this morning to a special treat. Before he went to bed last night, we set out his shoes by the fireplace. This morning, we placed a bag of trail mix (walnuts, marshmallows and chocolate chips), an apple, an orange and a candy cane in his shoes. He was so excited! Since he eats apples every day, I assumed he would go for the candy cane and trail mix first but was pleasantly surprised that he went for the fruits first. He kept saying “APPLE! APPLE! APPLE!” gripping the orange and apple in his little hands until I promised him that he would have the apple during snack-time.
After breakfast we went to morning mass and afterwards I said a prayer of Thanksgiving that he was so well behaved. It wasn’t until after communion that he started to fidget. He insisted on kissing me over and over again while I tried to focus on praying, giggling the entire time with a mischievous smile. Thankfully I was able to hold in my laughter until we stood up for the final blessings.
We checked out the book, “Saint Nicholas” by Ann Tompert from the library and I read it as my little love enjoyed his trail mix. Don’t worry, he devoured the apple at snack-time and the orange earlier at breakfast. While I have been forewarned of the impending hunger and growth spurts when he becomes a teenager, I was not prepared at how much food a toddler can consume.
The candy cane represents Saint Nicholas’s crozier, otherwise known as a staff or a Bishop’s staff. We said this ‘St. Nicholas Day Blessing of Candy Canes’ and my little love got to put it on the Christmas tree. The best part was him enthusiastically clapping his hands after putting the cane on the tree.
My son and I love to bake together, and I especially love to bake when the recipes are easy to follow and there is minimal cleanup. I used this recipe for ‘Super Soft Sugar Cookies’ by Six Sisters’ Stuff and not only is it easy to follow but the cookies are scrumptious. I was able to substitute gluten-free flour for the all-purpose flour. Also, instead of rolling the cookies into small balls, I poured an even layer onto a baking sheet with parchment paper, baked them for 14 minutes and used a “Santa” head cookie cutter to cut out each cookie after cooling.
​I then decorated them as best as I could to look like Saint Nicholas. Let’s just say that I won’t be competing on Food Network’s Best Baker in America anytime soon. It's the effort that matters, right?
Saint Nicholas was born during the third century in a small village called Patara, now in south Turkey.
After they passed away, he gave away his inherited fortune in gifts to orphan children and others in need.
There are many legends attributed to this St. Nick. To read some, please visit the Saint Nicholas Center’s website, here.
Hot woman in destrehan, louisiana it's time to begin your best experience with online dating, it's time to meet sexy women or mature women in destrehan, louisiana with latinomeetup meeting new people, flirting and setting the first date is easier and much more fun on latinomeetup. Destrehan illustrates it has 26% percent of unwed women who have given birth which is the 4th in percent of unwed women who have given birth out of 10 total in the area the place with the highest percent of unwed women who have given birth in the area is st rose with an unwed mother birth rate of 75% is approximately 29 times bigger. Find 87 listings related to women in destrehan on ypcom see reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for women locations in destrehan, la start your search by typing in the business name below. Louisiana girls dating, louisiana single girls online personals united states louisiana women member6734439 (online more than 3 months) 32-year-old woman seeking men 50-70 destrehan, louisiana single girls, united states i am a hard working woman who been working a lot i play darts on thursday night's love college football.
New for the 2019 season is the switch to a three-day, single game format for sun belt conference weekend series sbc games at lamson park will primarily follow a 6 pm (friday), 2 pm (saturday. Finding the best destrehan roommate or room for rent requires a friend that knows all about destrehan - like roommmatestercom from a trendy ny style loft in downtown to a huge 4 bedroom house in the subrubs, roommmatestercom is the best place to find destrehan room for rent and roommate situations in apartments, houses, guest houses, condos and townhouses in destrehan. Destrehan's best free dating site 100% free online dating for destrehan singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in destrehan looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of single lesbian women in destrehan, la join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site.
These top 10 new orleans plantation tours will reveal to you beautiful architecture, rural louisiana and important history lessons dating back to the mid-1700’s, whitney plantation was a spanish creole plantation destrehan plantation established in 1787 and listed on the national register of historic places, destrehan plantation. Assistance for single parents, norco, louisiana 3,491 likes 3 talking about this 2 were here genuine care, concern, and support while equipping and. Kimberly naquin, 26, a geography teacher at destrehan high school, in st charles parish, has been charged with carnal knowledge of a juvenile and sexual conduct between a teacher and a female student. Local woman earns chance to walk the runway in new york september 28 who goes by his mother’s last name, and is still a football celebrity from destrehan high school, where their mother still teaches today “i’m a single parent with nothing who has a son who has graduated from a four-year college and now working on his master’s. Chat online in destrehan, united states with over 330m members on badoo, you will find someone in destrehan make new friends in destrehan at badoo today.
These top 10 new orleans plantation tours will reveal to you beautiful architecture, rural louisiana and important history lessons dating back to the mid-1700’s, whitney plantation was a spanish creole plantation destrehan plantation established in 1787 and listed on the national register of historic places, destrehan. Find top financial advisors in destrehan wiseradvisor has over 20 years experience in matching the right financial advisor that is best suited to individuals like you in destrehan. Destrehan louisiana, just looking if you don’t have a pic plz don’t send me a message thx. Destrehan's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in destrehan with mingle2's destrehan dating services find a girlfriend or lover in destrehan, or just have fun flirting online with destrehan single girls.
75 reviews of taste of tokyo this is my go to sushi joint of the river parishes one of the places that pretty much got me hooked on sushi i started to make a list and check off the rolls i've tried and i have put a star next to every single one not a bad one yet (after we took the chewed up mystery meat off) and woman refused to. Randall destrehan dating with such a passion for king cakes, randazzo bakes these specialty cakes all year long and for every season enjoy a cake for valentine's day, easter, thanksgiving, and christmasno tailgate is complete without this new orleans traditionthat’s why, in 2015, we became a benefit corporation. Top 10 remodeling contractors in destrehan, la they employ women as production managers who better to run a job site it was a pleasure working with them on our bathroom and porch job at our house austin, tx services single ply roofing installation austin,.
Nichols, a single mother from des allemands, was seen on video surveillance footage recovered by police leaving a downman road nightclub with samson around 4 am on june 21, 2015.
Horse google “the ugly truth about ppl dating sites for ukrainian women” relations can provide, flirty text daters who would love to learn online the table in a realationship with my girlfriend i wrote this for her.
Senior project st charles parish district handbook of the student code of conduct united way of st charles, destrehan plantation, ormond plantation, st charles museum and historic wetland watchers, assistance for single parents, church mission trips metro area: cancer society of greater new orleans, down's syndrome association of.
Join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site view athletic singles in destrehan i am a: woman seeking a man man seeking a woman man seeking a man woman seeking a woman. - rent from people in destrehan, la from $20/night find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries belong anywhere with airbnb. Description of ministry the purpose of the women’s ministry is to present a platform to as many women as possible that will enable them to develop their relationship with themselves, other women and their position in christ so as to find peace with mind, body and spirit. The woman lunged for the knife and disarmed patton, causing cuts on her hands she backed into a corner and used a coffee table as a barricade between herself and patton, orlando said.
Wigs Shop in Los Angeles will transform your look, without scissors or drastic measures... and step out in funky style with a designer wig! If you have messy hair and you are looking for something that can readily give you the look of your choice, then there is certainly nothing better than going for Wigs Shop in Los Angeles. You can use different hair pieces and weaves to give them the kind of make-up you are looking for. Changing lengths and colors is also convenient when you have a quality fashion wig bought from a Wigs Shop Los Angeles.
This is the newest rage in modern hair replacements. A very thin French Lace or Welded Mono Lace is placed on the front of the unit from temple to temple and back about 2"-3" or so. The lace is invisible to the eye and hair appears to be growing from the scalp, even with up close scrutiny.
Density in lace works best choosing ’light to medium’, at least in that area only. The back of the system is made the same way as before, with tape tab perimeter.The lace front is attached with a special lace tape or SoftLoc (see price page) adhesive is applied to the skin in lace area only.
VIVICA A FOX LACE FRONT NEW FUTURA SYNTHETIC Fashion Finesse with Vivica Fox Wigs What’s the difference between Vivica A Fox synthetic lace front wigs in future styles? Well they are so hip and trendy, they’re worthy of celebrity Vivica A Fox fashion forward personality. Choose from Wigs Online Store abundant collection of Vivica A Fox Futura synthetic wigs when you truly want to make a statement of good taste and sophistication. Slip on the high quality lacefront synthetic wig whenever you want to feel like a vixen and step out in style. We have long styles and medium length wigs in either straight or curly synthetic hair, some with layers and all with a smooth, slick finish to make it all the more desirable.
Wigs Shop in Wigan we sell the best wigs, at affordable prices. Why not try out a gorgeous hairstyle you have always dreamed of with a ladies wig? The wigs of today look and feel completely natural and can give you the worlds best hairstyles with no long-term commitments. Our plentiful high quality wig choices include premium synthetic hair, advanced synthetic hair, and 100% human hair.
If you have an oval face, you are the lucky one because every hairstyle goes well with your face. Thus, you can pick any style of wigs in Glasgow that may be in trend or any that you like to wear-be it straight, curly, wavy, and short or long, everything is perfect when it comes to the oval face!
For round face, you must choose a wig that reveals your best features and conceals your flaws. Make your face look slimmer-to do this; choose a wig with heightened crown area and something that frames your face.
If you possess a square face, you better look for a hair in a Glasgow Wig Shop that helps you make the edges of your face softer.This can be achieved by a wig with a style closer to the face. Side-parting wigs would best solve the issue.
Heart-shaped faces are characterized by being more at the brow line than at the jaw line. Your aim should be to give a symmetrical look to your face. Therefore, go for wigs from Glasgow Wig Shops that have fullness at the bottom and no height at the crown or at the sides. Mid-length hair wigs can suit heart-shaped faces the best.
God's relationship with people is at the heart of both the first reading and the Gospel, but there is a difference. In Isaiah, destruction comes to the vineyard; in the Gospel, it comes to those entrusted with the care of the vineyard.
Isaiah's song highlights the people's failure– the house of Israel and the people of Judah-to bear fruit, to provide the Lord who has lovingly tended this vineyard with anything more than wild grapes, that is, bloodshed and violence against each other. Because of this, the owner will turn his back on them, no longer giving care but letting it be trampled underfoot, no longer pruning or hoeing, but allowing thorns and briers to take over. This song is demanding conversion.
In Jesus' parable, the focus is on those entrusted with the care of the vineyard. Jesus addresses the chief priests and the elders in Jerusalem, not only criticizing their failure to care for the people adequately, but also their rejection of those God sent to call them to conversion. The parable calls all religious leaders to remember that authority is for service.
Bearing fruit in our livees, being true and honorable, just and pure, lovely and gracious is the fruit God desires from all, as Paul reminds the Philippians. God's people, but especially their leaders, have a responsibility to bear fruit. No one is let off the hook. God expects a return for love so lavishly given.
Students in the 4th grade and above are invited to join us for one of our upcoming Altar Server training sessions. As an Altar Server, responsibilities include assisting the priest in celebrating Mass, and serving at the altar is an excellent way to learn more about Church teaching and traditions. Sessions will be held in the church on Sunday, October 2nd after the 11 AM Mass and Sunday, October 9th after the 9 AM and 11 AM Masses. For more details and study materials contact Peggy Santelli - at Teggymom@aol.com or 412-828-0241.
The Autumn Song benefit is approaching fast! The Aquinas Guild would greatly appreciate any items donated for this wonderful event, supporting the church, community and CDTCA. Tickets to sporting, theatrical, or musical events; golf experiences; weekend getaways; and gift certificates to local shops and restaurants are especially prized. Hand crafted items and gently used treasures from your home are also very welcome donations. If you have a donation to offer, please contact Patti McCaffrey at 412-782-5051. Thank you!
The Hope for Haiti Committee will meet on Wednesday, October 5th 7:30 PM in the Pastoral Center. All are welcome!
Please plan to attend this annual event to silently pray and witness for protection of the unborn children and their mothers. On Sunday, October 2nd we will be lining the sidewalks on Rt. 8 from Grant St. to Kittanning St. in Etna, with parking available at Huntz' Tavern, which is at Rt. 8 and Grant (on the bend) from 2-3 PM. Signs will be available. All ages welcome. Bring a chair if you need one. Hope to see you then!
Our fall Bible study, "Praying the Scriptures," began meeting last Wednesday evening. It is not too late to sign up for the evening study on the many ways that the Scriptures can support our prayer. The Thursday morning track will not meet because of insufficient registrations. See the flyer at the entrances to the church for details and information on how to register or contact Andy Bechman.
There will be a Pet Blessing on Sunday, October 9th at 1:00pm near the St. Francis Statue. All pets, their owners and friends of animals are welcome to attend.
Our call to stewardship includes all of the ways in which we receive God's gifts with gratitude, cultivate them, and share them with others. This continuing bulletin feature highlights some opportunities for stewardship in the coming weeks.
We are looking for someone familiar with audio equipment to help us digitally record Fr. Ken's homilies from the church's public address system. If you can help, please contact Andy Bechman at andybechman@saintscholastica.com.
· Pet Therapy at the Aspinwall VA Hospital on Tuesday, Oct. 11 from 4:00 to 5:00 p.m. (please RSVP this weekend)
· Family House Dinner on Monday, Oct. 17 at Family House University Place in Oakland, 4:15 to 7:00 p.m. (please RSVP by Oct. 12)
We are also seeking donations of rice on the weekend of October 15 and 16. Your contributions will go to the food pantry of East End Cooperative Ministries in East Liberty.
The deadline for making reservations is approaching fast! What a great way to start off autumn, by spending the day at the Pittsburgh Field Club; browsing auction items, deciding which baked goods to take home for dessert, eating a scrumptious lunch and watching a fashion show by Carabella with your friends; all for the great cause of supporting the church, community and CDTCA! Reserve your spot for Saturday, October 15th, by calling Tara Balonick at 412-600-5838, before October 7th. The price of admission is $40.00. Doors will open at 11:00; don't miss out on all the fun!!
Widowed, divorced or separated? Beginning Experience offers help to hurting "single again" folks. The weekend and optional post weekend sessions focus on a personal inward journey to begin a new life with renewed courage and hope. Grief, regrets, confusion, self doubt? You don't have to go through this alone. There are others walking this hard road. We know the pain. Come to a safe place. Travel from heartache to hope. The next weekend will be held October 14-16, 2011 at the Gilmary Center in Moon Twp, PA. Payment arrangements and possible financial assistance are available. For more information, www.BeginningExperience.orgor make a confidential call to Lyn at 412-448-9019 or Steve Smith at 412-367-4948 or 412-720-8694.
RECONCILIATION (CONFESSION) is celebrated at St. Scholastica Parish on Saturdays after 9:00 a.m. Mass. For your convenience,the parishes in our cluster have the following opportunities for reconciliation:
We are not an issuing authority of any governmental entity or agency that is authorized to issue official identification documents, means of official identification, or authentication features. Any original designs are sold for novelty, commemorative, celebratory, commemoratory, dedicatory, in memory, in remembrance, memorial, observing as a memento, or for a collection or exhibit, for decorative purposes, for a dramatic presentation, such as a theater, film, or television production or for for any other recreational, souvenir or amusement purpose, and not for any legal or official purpose.
We are not an issuing authority of any governmental entity or agency that is authorized to issue official identification documents, means of official identification, or authentication features. Any original designs are sold for novelty, commemorative, celebratory, commemoratory, dedicatory, in memory, in remembrance, memorial, observing as a memento, or for a collection or exhibit, for decorative purposes, for a dramatic presentation, such as a theater, film, or television production or for for any other recreational, souvenir or amusement purpose, and is not an authentication feature issued by or under the authority of any government, and not for any legal or official purpose.
about_us achievement_trade_title_order_form adoption_certificates Alabama-birth-certificate Alabama-birth-certificates alabama-birth-record high_school_diplomas home_school_diploma_certificate_order_form high_school_diplomas high_school_diploma_online ged_diplomas divorce_certificates marriage_certificates certificates high_school_diplomas iowa-birth-certificate indiana-birth-certificate general_equivalency_diploma_order_form general_equivalency_diplomas georgia-birth-certificate about_us achievement_trade_title_order_form adoption_certificate_order_form adoption_certificates Alabama-birth-certificate Alabama-birth-certificates alabama-birth-record alaska-birth-certificate alaska-birth-certificates alaska-birth-record alberta illinois-birth-certificate birth_record_order_form about_us achievement_trade_title_order_form adoption_certificate_order_form adoption_certificates Alabama-birth-certificate Alabama-birth-certificates alabama-birth-record alaska-birth-certificate alaska-birth-certificates alaska-birth-record alberta application_for_a_social_security_card application_insurance_number_social apply_for_social_security_card apply_for_ssn arizona-birth-certificate arizona-birth-certificates arizona-birth-record arkansas-birth-certificate application_for_a_social_security_card application_insurance_number_social apply_for_social_security_card apply_for_ssn arizona-birth-certificate arizona-birth-certificates arizona-birth-record arkansas-birth-certificate arkansas-birth-certificates arkansas-birth-record australia baptism_certificate_order_form baptism_certificates birth_certificate birth_certificate birth_certificates birth_record birth_records british-columbia british_columbia birth_records british-columbia british_columbia california-birth-certificate california-birth-certificates california-birth-record canada certificate_degrees_diploams_high_school_diploma_novelty_degree_diploma_achievement_awards certificate_order_form certificates certificates_degrees_diploams_high_school_diploma_novelty_degree_diploma_achievement_awards certificates_degrees_diplomas_high_school_diploma_novelty_degree_diploma_achievement_awards change_my_ssn college_diploma_order_form college_diplomas college_diplomas_certificate colorado-birth-certificate colorado-birth-certificates colorado-birth-record connecticut-birth-certificate connecticut-birth-certificates connecticut-birth-record contact_us custom_designs death_certificate_order_form death_certificates degree_university_college_order_form degrees delaware-birth-certificate delaware-birth-certificates delaware-birth-record diploma diplomas divorce_certificate_order_form divorce_certificates driver_license_search faq florida-birth-certificate florida-birth-certificate ged_diploma_order_form ged_diplomas general_equivalency_diploma_order_form general_equivalency_diplomas ged_diploma_order_form ged_diplomas general_equivalency_diploma_order_form general_equivalency_diplomas georgia-birth-certificate georgia-birth-certificates georgia-birth-record hawaii-birth-certificate high-school-online high-school high_school high_school_diploma high_school_diploma high_school_diploma_certificate_order_form high_school_diploma_online high_school_diplomas home_school_diploma_certificate_order_form home_school_diploma_order_form home_school_diplomas idaho-birth-certificate illinois-birth-certificate index index indiana-birth-certificate insurance_number_social international iowa-birth-certificate kansas-birth-certificate kentucky-birth-certificate kentucky-birth-certificates kentucky-birth-record line_bar links lost_social_security_card louisiana-birth-certificate louisiana-birth-certificates louisiana-birth-record maine-birth-certificate maine-birth-certificates maine-birth-record manitoba marriage_certificate_order_form marriage_certificates maryland-birth-certificate maryland-birth-certificates maryland-birth-record massachusetts-birth-certificate massachusetts-birth-record massachusetts-birth-certificates michigan-birth-certificate michigan-birth-certificates michigan-birth-record minnesota-birth-certificate minnesota-birth-certificates minnesota-birth-record mississippi-birth-certificate mississippi-birth-certificates mississippi-birth-record missouri-birth-certificate missouri-birth-certificates missouri-birth-record montana-birth-certificate montana-birth-certificates montana-birth-record nebraska-birth-certificate nebraska-birth-certificates nebraska-birth-record nevada-birth-certificate nevada-birth-certificates nevada-birth-record new-hampshire-birth-certificate new-hampshire-birth-certificates new-hampshire-birth-record new-jersey-birth-certificate new-jersey-birth-certificates new-jersey-birth-record new-mexico-birth-certificate new-mexico-birth-certificates new-mexico-birth-record new-york-birth-certificate new-york-birth-certificates new-york-birth-record new_brunswick new_social_security_card new_ssn newbrunswick newfoundland newhampshire-birth-certificate newhampshire-birth-certificates newhampshire-birth-record newjersey-birth-certificate newjersey-birth-certificates newjersey-birth-record newmexico-birth-certificate newmexico-birth-certificates newmexico-birth-record newyork-birth-certificates newyork-birth-record north-carolina-birth-certificate north-carolina-birth-certificates north-carolina-birth-record north-dakota-birth-certificate north-dakota-birth-certificates north-dakota-birth-record northcarolina-birth-certificate northcarolina-birth-certificates northcarolina-birth-record northdakota-birth-certificate northdakota-birth-certificates northdakota-birth-record nova_scotia novascotia ohio-birth-record oklahoma-birth-certificate oklahoma-birth-certificates oklahoma-birth-record ontario order oregon-birth-certificate oregon-birth-certificates oregon-birth-record pennsylvania-birth-certificate pennsylvania-birth-certificates pennsylvania-birth-record prince-edward-island prince_edward_island princeedwardisland privacy_policy quebec records_degrees_diploams_high_school_diploma_novelty_degree_diploma_achievement_awards records_degrees_diplomas_high_school_diploma_novelty_degree_diploma_achievement_awards replace_social_security_card rhode-island-birth-certificate rhode-island-birth-certificates rhode-island-birth-record rhodeisland-birth-certificate rhodeisland-birth-certificates rhodeisland-birth-record saskatchewan school_diploma_online school_online securecardorderform social_security social_security_application social_security_card social_security_card_application_form social_security_card_name_change social_security_card_replacement social_security_name_change social_security_number social_security_number_search south-carolina-birth-certificate south-carolina-birth-certificates south-carolina-birth-record south-dakota-birth-certificate south-dakota-birth-certificates south-dakota-birth-record southcarolina-birth-certificate southcarolina-birth-certificates southcarolina-birth-record southdakota-birth-certificate southdakota-birth-certificates ssn ssn_application ssn_card ssn_name_change students tennessee-birth-certificate tennessee-birth-certificates tennessee-birth-record testimonials texas-birth-certificate texas-birth-certificates texas-birth-record trade_skills_certificate trades_skill_training_certificate_order_form university_college_degree_order_form university_college_degrees_certificate university_degrees usa utah-birth-certificate utah-birth-certificates utah-birth-record vermont-birth-certificate vermont-birth-certificates vermont-birth-record virginia-birth-certificate virginia-birth-certificates virginia-birth-record washington-birth-certificate washington-birth-certificates washington-birth-record washington-dc-birth-certificate washington-dc-birth-certificates washington-dc-birth-record west-virginia-birth-certificate west-virginia-birth-certificates west-virginia-birth-certificates west-virginia-birth-record westvirginia-birth-certificate westvirginia-birth-certificates westvirginia-birth-record wisconsin-birth-certificate wisconsin-birth-certificates wisconsin-birth-record wyoming-birth-certificate wyoming-birth-certificates wyoming-birth-record
One of my best friend buying a new house..., and she asking me, suggest me some tips about home decoration..., but I don't have any idea about it...,
Modern housing is modest and simple to imitate. Extraordinary engineering requires craftsman and here and there extra draftsmen to plan particular pieces. It likewise needs to do with the populace blasts of the past. Legislators paid great cash for temporary workers to work whatever number homes as could reasonably be expected as quick as could be expected under the circumstances. Modern cookie cutter homes get higher benefits and now and again were fundamental since they can be constructed quicker. Somebody who makes things for the love of the workmanship makes things with soul. The housing industry makes homes for benefits.
Hello everyone I need some swum looking furniture for my office use when I search online site who deliver home furniture for decorate some good. Recently One of my best friend buying a new quarters..., and she buy some new furniture, then they suggest me some tips about decoration..., but I don't have any idea about it...,
So, please advise me incredible about decoration of office furniture tips for Buy Essay Cheap which I can put it to somebody to her...????
How to view and print a graph: Just click on the market you want to view and print! You will need the Adobe Reader to view and print a graph. Don't have the Adobe Reader? Click here to go to the Adobe website and download it!
Large Markets | Counties | Chicago Neighborhoods | Chicagoland Towns/Cities | Towns/Cities Outside Chicagoland
And when Sichem the son of Hemor the Hevite, the prince of that land, saw her, he was in love with her: and took her away, and lay with her, ravishing the virgin.
But when Jacob had heard this, his sons being absent, and employed in feeding the cattle, he held his peace till they came back.
Behold his sons came from the field: and hearing what had passed, they were exceeding angry, because he had done a foul thing in Israel, and committed an unlawful act, in ravishing Jacob’s daughter.
And Hemor spoke to them: The soul of my son Sichem has a longing for your daughter: give her him to wife:
Sichem also said to her father and to her brethren: Let me find favour in your sight: and whatsoever you shall appoint I will give.
Raise the dowry, and ask gifts, and I will gladly give what you shall demand: only give me this damsel to wife.
The sons of Jacob answered Sichem and his father deceitfully, being enraged at the deflowering of their sister:
We cannot do what you demand, nor give our sister to one that is uncircumcised, which with us is unlawful and abominable.
But in this we may be allied with you, if you will be like us, and all the male sex among you be circumcised:
Then will we mutually give and take your daughters, and ours: and we will dwell with you, and will be one people:
And the young man made no delay, but forthwith fulfilled what was required, for he loved the damsel exceedingly, and he was the greatest man in all his father’s house.
These men are peaceable and willing to dwell with us: let them trade in the land, and till it, which being large and wide wanteth men to till it: we shall take their daughters for wives, and we will give them ours.
One thing there is for which so great a good is deferred: We must circumcise every male among us, following the manner of the nation.
And their substance, and cattle, and all that they possess, shall be ours: only in this let us condescend, and by dwelling together, we shall make one people.
And behold the third day, when the pain of the wound was greatest, two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, the brothers of Dina, taking their swords, entered boldly into the city, and slew all the men:
And when they were gone out, the other sons of Jacob came upon the slain; and plundered the city in revenge of the rape.
And they took their sheep and their herds and their asses, wasting all they had in their houses and in the fields.
And when they had boldly perpetrated these things, Jacob said to Simeon and Levi: You have troubled me, and made me hateful to the Chanaanites and Pherezites, the inhabitants of this land: we are few: they will gather themselves together and kill me; and both I, and my house, shall be destroyed.
The word of the Lord that came to Jeremias the prophet against the people of Palestine, before Pharao took Gaza.
And this doom the Lord pronounced to the prophet Jeremias against the Philistines, before the defeat of Gaza by king Pharao.
Thus saith the Lord: Behold there come up waters out of the north, and they shall be as an overflowing torrent, and they shall cover the land, and all that is therein, the city and the inhabitants thereof: then the men shall cry, and all the inhabitants of the land shall howl,
Waters rising in the north, the Lord says, a river that overflows its banks, covering earth and earth’s increase, city and citizen! Loud the cries everywhere, a whole world in lament,
At the noise of the marching of arms, and of his soldiers, at the rushing of his chariots, and the multitude of his wheels. The fathers have not looked back to the children, for feebleness of hands,
as the sound of armed hosts draws nearer, groan of chariot and rattle of wheels; listless hang hands, father for son has never a glance to spare.
Because of the coming of the day, in which all the Philistines shall be laid waste, and Tyre and Sidon shall be destroyed, with all the rest of their helpers. For the Lord hath wasted the Philistines, the remnant of the isle of Cappadocia.
So comes the day when Philistia shall be plundered, all of it, Tyre and Sidon of all their defenders shall be stripped; Philistia the Lord despoils, and all that is left of the island-dwellers from Caphtor.
Baldness is come upon Gaza: Ascalon hath held her peace with the remnant of their valley: how long shalt thou cut thyself?
Shorn heads in Gaza; Ascalon is silent now, silent all their valleys. Long wilt thou bear the marks of thy mourning!
How shall it be quiet, when the Lord hath given it a charge against Ascalon, and against the countries thereof by the sea side, and there hath made an appointment for it?
Nay, rest how should it? It holds the Lord’s warrant to subdue Ascalon and the sea-board country; there he has made tryst with it.
Since I was a little girl, my mom and I had always waited for Christmas Eve to put baby Jesus in the manger. The empty cradle was symbolic of our waiting for Jesus Christ to arrive at Christmas and I would always get so excited to give him a kiss at midnight (or before bed) on Christmas Eve and then each day until the Epiphany on January 6th.
This year, however, we tried something different. For the first two weeks of Advent, we kept baby Jesus in the mangers—you might notice that manger is plural because we have four Nativities in our house. Today, my son and I went around the house, picked up each baby Jesus and nestled them in a small shoe-box filled with tissue paper. One of the baby Jesus’s is glued down and I don’t want to risk breaking the entire thing. Nevertheless, he was excited to collect all the “babies” and proud that he got to put them in the box. Before placing them in the box, my little love gave each baby Jesus figurine a kiss. We then closed the box and I wrapped it in Christmas wrapping paper. Then, he proudly put the box under the tree.
Not a minute passed that the box was under the tree and he started demanding “Open! Open! Open! Baby! Baby! Baby!” I reminded him that baby Jesus is coming soon and we will open it before bed on Christmas Eve. He settled down once I promised him that he will get to unwrap the box and put Jesus back in each of the mangers.
The reason that I decided to let Jesus stay in the manger for the first two weeks of Advent is because my son is still very young, and I wanted him to get used to seeing Jesus in the manger. Toddlers have a short memory span for some things (not ice cream or cookies!) and I wanted him to realize that Jesus belongs in the manger. While the Nativities were up last year, he was still a baby who couldn’t even walk yet, let alone understand what the Nativity was besides something that he could throw across the room if he had his chance. (Thankfully he never did get that chance!)
​This year, each day he would give kisses to baby Jesus and “Mama” Mary. Today, when we put Jesus in the box and I told him that Jesus will be here soon, it will hopefully make a bigger impact on him come Christmas Eve than if he were to just never see Jesus in the manger beforehand.
The box of baby Jesus figurines will also be the first present that he gets to open. This is quite symbolic to the fact that despite all the hours we spend shopping, wrapping and exchanging gifts, Jesus Christ is the best gift that we will ever receive.
“Because of his boundless love, Jesus became what we are that he might make us to be.” – Saint Irenaeus of Lyons
Next year, I will continue with the tradition with my little love of placing baby Jesus in the box, wrapping it and putting this greatest gift under the tree. I pray that my son will always nestle Jesus in his heart and soul and carry Him there for all his life; realizing that Jesus Christ’s birth is our greatest gift.
Do you have any special traditions with baby Jesus that you share with your family? Please share with us on Facebook.
I’d recently been asked to solve some performance problems with a page that had previously been built. The page is responsible for allowing the user to choose an airport. It has some other fancy stuff going on, like favouriting airports and such, but the bottom line was that it was simply a list of airports, one of which the user would select. We saw some unusually high rendering times for the page and when I dug into the code, I saw that the page was being generated dynamically by using JavaScript to iterate over a JSON list of airports and building the view from a template. That list of airports was retrieved asynchronously, which is why the page is built using JavaScript instead of being rendered on the server. There’s a couple of ways to build pages in JavaScript with jQuery.
Here’s the idea behind the code that was in place before I made any changes. It’s slow, but not super slow. The performance problems mainly show up on older mobile devices.
The problem here is that we're updating the DOM for every airport in the list. If our list of airports is sufficiently small, that's not a huge problem, but plan for the worst, right? In my case, I was dealing with ~160 airports, which was enough to cause some older phones to chug.
So how about we create an empty div, append all of the airport data to that div, then add that div to the DOM? This is better. Here's the code.
In this case, we avoid the problem of hitting the DOM many times and append the wrapper to the DOM after the loop. This is obviously better than adding HTML to the DOM inside the loop. There's a yet faster way of doing this, however.
This solution introduces the idea of document fragments. A document fragment is basically an empty div as in the second solution, but it's a special construct that's built via the document object and is used specifically for this purpose. The document fragment can basically be thought of as a div that has no footprint on the DOM or HTML when it's added. Here's the code:
The code is roughly the same as in the second solution, but we're creating a document fragment to be used as the wrapper. Note that it's not a jQuery object, so we fall back to using native JavaScript methods to put it all together. This obviously avoids the problem of updating the DOM multiple times through the loop, but also makes use of a construct that was specifically designed for this situation.
I've put some tests together on JSPerf that illustrate the vast differences between using document fragments and not. Click here to take a look. Bottom line? Document fragments are 436% faster than appending to the DOM in the middle of the loop (first solution), and 409% faster than using the jQuery div (second solution) in Chrome 34. So make sure that in the event you need to append to the DOM multiple times, use a document fragment!
I’m going to talk about how to create a simple todo application using React JS and the Flux architecture. React JS is making some waves in the community recently due to its alleged performance increases over other heavy favourites (like Angular JS), especially when it comes to writing out lists. I’m not so concerned with performance, but I am interested in how to write an application that’s easy for the user to use while at the same time being quick to get off the ground.
Flux is a method of retrieving data from your server API while maintaining a strict decoupling of components on your client side. It utilizes a one-way communication protocol so as to maintain a separation of concerns. The todo application uses Flux to retrieve data from a mocked out server API.
React JS and Flux go together pretty well, as it was architected that way, but they’re by no means dependent upon one another. As a result, I’m going to split this article up into the React JS piece, which will go over how to create views and best practices, followed by a detailed look into how I’m getting data out of my mocked server API via Flux.
I’ve put a demo of the todo application in action, but prepare to be disappointed, as it’s really very straightforward. If you’d like to check it out, head here. Of more interest might be the full source code for the todo application, which I’ve made available on GitHub. Check it out here.
First, if you’ve never heard of React JS, it’s a performant view renderer made by the Facebook guys. A lot of the heavyweight contenders for MVVM frameworks have a hard time rendering large amounts of data, like in lists and such. React doesn’t have that problem, as it renders only what’s changed. For example, if a user is viewing a list of 100 items rendered with React, and he or she changes the third one down somehow, only that item gets rerendered, leaving the other 99 items unchanged. It also uses what Facebook calls a “virtual DOM” for some increased performance by writing out a full render virtually, and then checking the difference between the virtual render and what’s actually on the DOM and creating a patch. React uses JSX files (optionally) to write views, which means that JavaScript and HTML can live in a single file. It’s a bit of a paradigm shift and takes a little getting used to. You don’t have to use JSX to write React views, but it’s much easier than spelling out which components to render, so I’d suggest using it.
First, we’re creating our React class, called HelloWorld. In it, we specify one function: render. It’s what gets called when we want to render the HTML inside, like, for example, on the bottom line of the snippet. You’ll notice that the render function in our class contains HTML; this is where JSX comes into play. It allows us to write HTML inside our JavaScript files instead of placing them in separate templates. The last line in the snippet indicates that we want our HelloWorld class to be rendered into the document’s body.
So what happens when we want to pass in some data to our React classes? The example above doesn’t provide for any sort of mechanism for that, but this one does.
Here, we’re introducing the props argument in the React class, which are used specifically to pass data into a React view. Any changes to to a prop variable will trigger a rerender of the appropriate portion of the view. Those changes can come from within the view itself, or from the parent view, or any child views that our view has. This is pretty handy, as it allows us to pass around some data between various views and have it all stay in sync. In the snippet above, I’m passing in my name to the HelloWorld class, which gets rendered inside the div using the props variable.
This snippet introduces the other portion of a React class: state. The state property of a React class allows us to keep track of internal changes to the view. Just like props, any changes to state will trigger a rerender of the appropriate elements in the view, with one condition: you have to call the setState method, as seen in the increment function on the class. Always use setState! Without it, your changes won’t be reflected on your view, which is the whole point of using React in the first place. The getInitialState function is required when using internal state. It indicates to the view what the initial state should be. Make sure to include this function even if your state is empty to begin with; an empty state is still a state.
One of the things that makes React so easy to use is the concept of nesting views. We’re able to render React classes from within other React classes, as such.
componentWillMount – This function is called when the view is added to the parent view. It’s fired every time this happens, so it’s a good candidate for doing some initial setup of your view, or for hooking up event handlers and such. It’ll come in handy for implementing our Flux architecture later on.
setState – As mentioned above, this is the method you call to set the internal state of your React view. If you set the state directly (ie, this.state.foo = “bar”) your view won’t rerender. As a rule of thumb, always use setState, as such: this.setState({ foo: “bar” }).
There are other methods that you can make use of on the view, but these are the two I’ve used the most. For a full list, see the React JS documentation.
Those are the basics behind React JS. Now I’m going to go over how the Flux architecture works, and then we’ll move on to the todo application.
The Flux architecture is what Facebook recommends to use as a workflow for retrieving data on the client side from a store of some sort on a remote server. It’s a uni-directional data flow. At a high level, a user initiates an action, which the view handles by dispatching a request for data to a store. In turn, that store, executes the request and when the data is retrieved, emits an event saying so to all that are listening. Those listeners update their views accordingly. Here are the main components:
View – The view is responsible for handling an action by a user, like retrieving a list of todo items. It does this by sending a request for data via the dispatcher.
Registering callbacks after a dispatch. A store will register a callback with the dispatcher so that whenever an action is dispatched, the store is notified and can check to see if it needs to perform any action. For example, a TodoStore class registers with the dispatcher so that whenever an action to retrieve all todos is sent, it knows to start the process of getting the data.
Dispatching actions to be fulfilled. A view sends an action to retrieve data via the dispatch method on the dispatcher. Any callbacks registered using the same key get notified on a dispatch. The dispatch method typically contains any payload information required, too, like an ID when retrieving a specific piece of data, for example.
Waking up on a relevant dispatch to retrieve the requested data. This is accomplished via registering with the dispatcher usually when constructed.
Event Emitter – The event emitter is responsible for notifying subscribers after a store has completed a data retrieval action. Conversely, it also needs to be able to register observers for specific events. We’re going to be using Node’s event emitter in the todo application.
The dispatcher is responsible for taking requests for action from the view and passing it on to the pertinent store (or stores). Each store will register with the dispatcher to receive updates when an action is dispatched. The constructor for a store registers a callback with the dispatcher. This means that whenever an action is dispatched, this callback gets executed, but only the actions that are pertinent to this dispatcher ever get executed. The React bower package provides a dispatcher class for us to use out of the box, so there’s nothing for us to build here, fortunately. The dispatcher is the first step in the data access process on the client side.
The store is used to actually retrieve the data once an action has come through that indicates as such. The constructor for the store will hookup a callback function via the dispatcher’s register method, which provides the one-way entry point into the store. The store then checks to see what type of action has been dispatched and, if it applies to this store, executes the appropriate method.
Here’s a quick and dirty example as to how Flux would work in a sample React application. Later on, we’ll look into the todo application, which will dive into the Flux architecture a little more.
Our simple view just renders the number of items in a list. On mount, it hooks into the event emitter to watch for when the store changes, and then dispatches a request to retrieve all of the todo items. The store sees this because at construct time, it registers with the dispatcher to watch for requests to get all items. When the request comes in, it performs a quick ajax request and when that returns, notifies all subscribers via the event emitter. Back on the view, the state is updated with the new item list and the view rerenders, showing the updated count.
Ok, now that we’ve got a pretty good handle on how to write React views and what the Flux architecture is all about, we’re going to take a look at a sample todo application I’ve written specially for this post. If you’d like to see it in action, go here, or if the source code is more up your alley, you can see it here.
This is the main todo view. On mount, it’s dispatching a request for all of the todo items to be retrieved. It’s also hooking into a change event for the todo store so as to be notified when the store’s items have been updated after the dispatched request has been successfully completed. I’m making use of Bootstrap’s grid to display the complete and incomplete items. There are a couple of other classes in here that aren’t displayed yet: List and Modal. The former is for rendering the actual list, and the latter is to add a new item.
The list view is responsible for rendering the list of items, both complete and incomplete. It hands off to the Item class to render the actual item.
The item class is responsible for two things: rendering the item in the list, and updating the status of an item when clicked. The li tag has an onClick handler which hands off to the toggle method which dispatches an update item request via the dispatcher. The dispatched item contains two properties: type, to indicate the event name, and content, to indicate the event payload, which in this case is the todo item itself.
The modal class is …verbose, but a lot of that is Bootstrap’s boilerplate code required for a modal dialog. Once that’s out of the way, there’s only three things we really care about.
The reset button – the reset button hands off to the reset method, which resets the value of the input field so that the user is presented with an empty input box when he or she opens up the dialog a second time.
The show method of the Modal class is interesting here because it highlights the refs property of the parent, which in this case is the Todo class. On the Modal definition, we’re specifying a ref attribute (“modal”), which we can then use to find the rendered class at a later time from the parent. We’re using it to show the modal dialog when the user clicks on the new item button on the Todo class.
Right off the bat, the store is prepopulating the inner collection by retrieving the full list from the “server” (which in this case is just a fixture containing some hard coded todo items). Then, it registers a callback function with the dispatcher to keep track of any dispatched actions. Once an action comes in, we do a switch on the payload’s type to determine which method to execute, then execute the method. Once the all, update or create method has completed, the notify method is called, which just emits a change event to anyone listening with the list of items.
Throughout the todo application, I’m making a reference to a constants object. This is just an object containing strings for each of the various actions that are flying around through the dispatcher and the event emitter. I find it convenient to keep those strings abstracted elsewhere.
And that’s it! As I mentioned above, if you’d like to see the todo application in action, take a look here, and if you’re interested in checking out the code for yourself, take a look here. Thanks for reading!
Our final exams for the academic year 2013/14 have just finished! Well done to everyone who has attended Cambridge courses and taken exams t...
Wishing all our wonderful Movers and Flyers the very best of luck for their exams on Monday. Today was many of the young learners last lesso...
Our Adult First Certificate group are learning about health and happiness at the moment. In their last lesson, they were discovering new v...
Our Full-Time First Certificate group are looking at Food and Food Issues at the moment. This topic is wide and varied and is creating som...
Course Details for the Forthcoming School Year Young Learners KIDS ENGLISH for Children Aged 3-4 Lessons start Thursday 13th September 15...
Full-Time Position available for mother-tongue English Teacher. Starting October 2012 Dynamic teacher required to teach young learners, te...
Both Preliminary (PET) and First (FCE) students sometimes find it difficult to undestand when to use definite and indefinite articles in Eng...
Today Kids English Age 3-4 and Kids English Age 5-7 have been learning vocabulary about faces and have made some fantastic masks. Can you ...
Happy Valentines Day to everyone! Our Kids English class will be making cards with Sally today and lots of students will be enjoying love ...
Our Cambridge Advanced Level students have recently been writing a student's guide of interesting places to visit in the local area. Th...
Three things yesterday – a conversation, an interaction and a presentation – yesterday made me wonder why we don’t talk more about death workers.
At the Everyday Compassion conference in Glasgow yesterday, Kerrie Noonan from Australia’s Groundswell Project sought me out to tell me she’s a fan of Fling. We chatted about what we both do… rogue death champions, working outside the system (mostly).
Kerrie said she prefers to use the term death workers for the likes of us and all the people she encounters in various end-of-life roles.
Friend of Final Fling, artist Gina Czarnecki, is chuffed that her plan to commission 25 coffins to inspire thinking about death has been funded, thanks to Arts Council England & Lottery Ticket-buyers.
Have you ever noticed Final Fling’s logo has a full stop in it? The big full stop – my view of afterlife. You see I believe we die and we’re done, gone. I was with my dad when he died. His ‘passing’ was electric: it felt like 5,000 volts leapt from him to me and […]
10 years ago, it occurred to me that maybe women do death differently. That’s when I bought the domain name, Final Fling, in the hope that I could contribute in some way. We’re more about emotional engagement than transaction. We’re collaborative, supportive, we cut to the chase and focus on the important things. We’re good at […]
Anyone for tea and sympathy? The Observer asks the question and highlights the work of Death Cafes, Final Fling, the rise of death doulas and the Ideal Death Show – all working to embrace death and dying – the last taboo.
Listening to Aspen Baker‘s TED talk about abortion has shed new light on my thinking about talking about life and death. I was a little shocked at the realisation that I haven’t touched on abortion in all my considerations of life and death issues. As a life and death topic, and a taboo of a […]
When is a good time for taking about death? We think any time at all. We advocate openness, tackling the taboo. We believe it’s good to talk to children about death and dying to make it a normal part of life, not something mysterious and scary. We think it’s good to check in from time with friends, family, partner on thoughts. This week we’ve invited Elaine Bramhall her thoughts the subject.
That’s it. A small ask that means a whole lot to us. Nominations close 7 August 2015. Read more and nominate us.
Suicide and young adults is a growing issue. This week Catriona Taylor shares thoughts about suicide and young adults, a topic close to her heart. She’s making a film called Careless to help combat the problems. Please help the project happen.
The Conversation Project is a US based project to encourage people to think ahead, talk and share thoughts and plans for end of life.
The Conversation Project in the US has a great project – Death Over Dinner – that celebrates our loved and lost.
If you’re dying to live – or even more, if you’re not dying to live – maybe because of hard times, emotional stress, confusion, illness – we think you ought to treat yourself to Dying to Live workshops that take place in Dorset in November and Cornwall in June each year. Read more about them and book now for early bird rates.
This year in Scotland there’s a new Festival of Remembrance: To Absent Friends. Final Fling is hosting a Death Cafe of Remembrance as part of the Festival on Saturday 1 November. Be part of the celebrations.
To Absent Friends: a festival of remembrance launches 1-7 November 2014 across Scotland. Coordinated by Good Life Good Death Good Grief it’s been conceived as a way of remembering our loved and lost. See the film about the idea behind To Absent Friends. To Absent Friends, a People’s Festival of Storytelling and Remembrance is an opportunity to revive lost traditions and create […]
Sign up to use our FREE Life Planning Tools so you can sort your affairs (and get on with leading your life)
Check out the Marketplace to find funeral services, legal and financial services, funeral plans and more.
Final Fling’s Death Cafe and Death Meet-ups provide a warm, friendly, safe space to explore thoughts and experiences of life and death.
We ran the first Death Cafe in Scotland in 2013 to mark Dying Matters Awareness Week and ran them for several years each quarter.
Despite the fact that we all die, some people seem to have difficulty talking about death and dying. Final Fling encourages talking about death and dying. We hold Death Cafes, blog on life and death and chat in social about death and dying. A spirited pragmatic approach.
“…live”! Now here’s the thing. When you do this exercise, very few people say “make more money” or “work more”.
As an ethos, we’d rather promote the rock’n’roll, Je Ne Regrette Rien approach to life. To help with this, we can learn from others.
Categories Select Category About Us Artists and performers Books, films, resources Burial and cremation Costs and consumer rights Death & Loss Death and dying Death and society Death Cafe Death movement Digital assets Events Final Fling’s story Funeral essentials Funeral music Funeral Plan Funeral words and readings Healthcare planning How to plan with Final Fling Join the movement Legal & Financial planning Living and dying well Loss and grief Media Centre Organise a funeral Paying for a funeral Real life experience Resources & Links Sort Your Affairs Support and help Surveys and reports Tackling the taboo Terms & Conditions Training and workshops Tributes and memorials When someone dies Who can help with a funeral
If you use our Life Planning Tools to save wishes or messages, are you likely to keep them private, share publicly, or a mix of both?
Final Fling is for people who like to be in control of life and death decisions. Know your options. Make choices. Leave instructions. Stay in charge. Right till the end. And meantime, live life to the full.
When run any application, the operating system hosts it in a process (p1) to be ran by the processor . and if the run another different application(OS hosts it into another process (p2)).if app1 wants to access an assembly (dll or exe) form app2, the accessing will be managed by OS which is slow.
Host the assemblies you want into an application domain (which is a logical boundary you create to host many assemblies as you wish). the appDomain is managed by .net framework but process is managed by the operating system (which is slower)
Agreed with your explaination, I even understood the importance of having AppDomain. But can you give me some real time example of using AppDomain. Or few condition where using AppDomain makes sense?
Can we use AppDomains in two entirely separate ASP.NET applications. I have a requirement where the user can swith between 2 applications using a link on both ASP.NET applications (with 2 separate DBs). Now I want to share the Log-In credentials so the user doesn't have to type in the user id password again when switching. Can we load assembly or something or use AppDomain to achieve this goal?
On September 2, an event exclusive for international students in Fontbonne, especially newcomers, occurred in the president’s house. Students coming from other parts of the world had a nice meeting with Mr. Pressimone and his family. The point of this rather informal meeting, according to the president, was to appreciate international students who left everything behind in their country and came to Fontbonne for their desired education.
The meeting was full of colors as there are many students from Vietnam, Japan, China, India, Nepal, Saudi Arabia, etc. and some of them even put on their traditional costumes.
All the staff and current students show extreme hospitality and care for the new foreign students. There was almost no barrier of differences that stopped everyone to become friends. People came from different countries and background, but the dinner was fun and warm.
Hello! My name is Claire Downey. I am a freshman at Fontbonne University. I am a fashion merchandising major and I am from St. Peters, Missouri. I look forward to having you with me as I experience my journey at Fontbonne University!
Hi! My name is Cecelia Meyer and I am a transfer freshman here at Fontbonne, currently majoring in social sciences/strategic communications! I was born and raised in St. Louis, MO but I am a southern belle at heart! I can blow your mind with my history trivia skills. You can find me drinking a strong cup of coffee, listening to some Frank Sinatra, while color coding my over-sized agenda.
Hey everyone! My name is Taylor and I'm currently a Senior here at Fontbonne studying dietetics with future aspirations of working with pro athletes in the field of sports nutrition. I can't wait to share my thoughts with you!
activities Art back to school Biology campus choosing a college Christmas college life Community Dedicated Semester dietetics Education Environmental Club FAB faith fall family Fashion fashion merchandising Finals Fontbonne Food Forest Park Friends goals Graduation Griffin Girls Halloween health holidays Homework internship Majors music service spring Spring Break St. Louis Student Life studying Summer Thanksgiving Theatre tips vacation
Hey there, it's just the usual obligatory message to inform you that this site uses cookies. Click here to find out more about our privacy policy or alternatively click the X on the top-right if you would rather just get on with the movie reviewing fun.
Wednesday, 29 August, 2018 by Evan Popplestone Genres/Cycles: 1940s | film noir | spy | thriller | ww2
This noir thriller is set in Britain during WWII. It starts out with Stephen Neale (Ray Milland) leaving behind the asylum in which he has been incarcerated, with the intention of starting a new life in London. While waiting for his train, he decides to check out a nearby fête which is being run as a fundraiser for a charity known as Women of Free Nations.
While exploring the various stalls, he decides to get his fortune told by a soothsayer named Mrs. Bellane (Aminta Dyne). Somewhat surprisingly, she tells him to go to the adjacent cake raffle stall and guess its weight as being 4 lb and 15 and a half ounces. When he does this, the raffle lady tells him that he is correct and hands him his prize (which she claims is made from real eggs - a scarcity in Britain during WWII). As he is walking out with it, however, another man (played by Dan Duryea) walks past him in the opposite direction and heads into the soothsayer’s tent. A few seconds later, Mrs. Bellane and the man emerge from the tent and are seen glancing towards him. Suddenly, the raffle lady claims that she has made a mistake and that the other man is the true winner. Nonetheless, Neale manages to talk his way into keeping the cake.
Later on, when he boards the train, a seemingly blind man (played by Eustace Wyatt) asks to join him in his carriage. Neale accepts his request and, when they begin their journey, he decides to share his cake with the man. When the train is halted by a nearby explosion from a German Luftwaffe bombing, the “blind” man hits him over the head with his walking stick and proves to have eyesight strong enough to be able to seize the cake and run away with it into the misty night. Neale pursues him to a ruined farmhouse which is then suddenly bombed, killing the man and, most probably, destroying this suspiciously sought-after cake. He briefly looks through the remains but only finds the man’s gun, which he opts to take with him in case it proves useful later.
Neale decides to investigate by heading to the Women of Free Nations office in London. Once there, he meets two Austrians - a brother and sister named Willi and Carla Hilfe (played by Carl Esmond and Marjorie Reynolds) - as well as another woman who claims to be the true Mrs. Bellane (played by Hillary Brooke). The latter invites them to a seance which is also - surprise, surprise - being attended by none other than the man who was supposed to win the cake at the fête, whom he finds out is named Cost. When the lights go down and the session commences, a gunshot pierces the darkness. Cost has been shot in the head - and since Neale is the only person in the room who is known to be in possession of a gun, he becomes the number one suspect.
He subsequently sets out to both prove his innocence and uncover what appears to be an enemy spy ring amid the Women of Free Nations organisation.
Ministry of Fear isn’t one of Fritz Lang’s most widely acclaimed films. Indeed, both the director himself and Graham Greene, the author of the original novel, were quite dissatisfied with screenwriter and producer Seton I. Miller’s adaptation of the story. Lang didn’t want to work with Miller’s script but had already signed on the dotted line before he had read it and was unable to either back out of his contract or have it rewritten. While learning all of this stuff doesn’t exactly fill one with high expectations, the end result still turns out to be a very solid Hitckcockian thriller with the added dimension of its dark WWII setting.
Indeed, Lang is really in his element here with the latter aspect as he makes some atmospheric and tension-laced use of deliberate compositions, chiaroscuro lighting, art deco set design, rain, smoke and sound effects. There are several particularly notable and inventive setpieces: a foot chase through the nighttime fog of war, the almost horror movie-style seance and a number of scenes involving that classic Lang device: the muzzle flash of gunfire piercing the darkness. The best moment, however, is a brief pursuit which ends up with one of the co-conspirators dying via a sudden, shocking scissor impalement (not graphic but still quite strong for the era).
Ray Milland gives an engaging and charming James Stewart-style everyman performance as the central protagonist. Marjorie Reynolds, who is saddled with a not entirely convincing Germanic accent, is adequate but not especially memorable as the love interest. Hillary Brooke is better in the sultry femme fatale role.
As a thriller, Ministry of Fear slows down a bit during its midsection but uses the opportunity to add a modicum of depth to the characters. There’s a particularly emotive moment where Neale reveals the reasons why he got committed to a mental asylum. While this revelation (which I won’t spoil for those who don’t know the story) has been softened a little in comparison to the book, it is still handled with enough sympathy to be fairly progressive for a film of its time.
The abrupt and jarringly jolly ending is arguably the main minus point here. It’s entirely plausible that it was forced by the studio since it feels like Lang’s heart really wasn’t in it. That misstep aside, Ministry of Fear is an atmospheric, underrated entry in the director’s lengthy filmography.
The chiaroscuro imagery looks wonderful here - very clean and sharp with almost flawless contrast. Lang’s use of sound plays an important part in this film (as it does in many of his other non-silent works) so the clarity of even the more subtle effects here is a huge boon here.
This is an audio recording of Stanley Reed interviewing Lang in the National Film Theatre, London in 1962. Unfortunately, the poor sound quality (which Indicator admits to in the opening card) coupled with Lang’s German accent means that it is extremely difficult to make out what he is saying.
Sinyard lends us his usual warm and authoritative commentary to 35 minutes’ worth of the best scenes from the film. He takes a look at the recurring themes both in this film and in Lang’s wider body of work. He also takes a look at the reasons why Graham Greene disliked it, the comparisons made to the works of Alfred Hitchcock and some contemporary critical opinions. While the reviews were mixed, even the more favourable ones were wholly negative towards the casting of actress Marjorie Reynolds.
Tony Rayns takes a look at Fritz Lang’s geographical and stylistic transition to Hollywood cinema. The director liked the anti-Nazi theme of Greene’s novel (indeed, this was his third film to cover similar ground, after Man Hunt in 1941 and Hangmen Also Die! in 1942) and tried to purchase the rights - but was outbid by Paramount. In a twist of fate, however, the studio offered Lang the opportunity to direct the film. As I have mentioned above, he disliked Seton I. Miller’s adaptation but his agent was unable to extricate him from the project. Rayns also points out that it differs from the more realistic feel of his first two Nazi-bashing films and returns to the Expressionist/psychodrama style of his German productions.
Adrian Wootton takes an interesting look at the three disparate and clashing talents who were involved in this film: Graham Greene, Fritz Lang and the rather overlooked Seton I. Miller - a man who had unusual power for a Hollywood screenwriter in that his deal with Paramount meant that he was allowed to produce his own films. Greene wrote the original novel while he was running his own real-life spy ring in Sierra Leone. In turn, his experiences from working in the country would inspire him to write his later novel Our Man in Havana which was adapted to film by Carol Reed.
Wootton also takes a look at the eternal book vs. film adaptation quandary in terms of Graham Greene adaptations. Greene didn’t like a lot of the film versions of his work, with the notable exception of those made by Reed, who tended to work more closely with him than other directors did. However, Wootton offers the case that Lang (and/or Miller) probably dropped and changed some parts of the original Ministry of Fear novel in order to get on with the action - one example being the book’s early mental asylum section, which was reduced to nothing more than a brief opening scene. As a final note, Lang apparently apologised to Greene about for his involvement in the film when he introduced himself to the latter in a restaurant.
Ministry of Fear is solidly recommended to both Fritz Lang and film noir fans. The extras here are decent but unexceptional.
Disclaimer: All of the free movies found on this website are hosted on third-party servers that are freely available to watch online on TV Shows & Movies for all internet users. Any legal issues regarding the free online movies on this website should be taken up with the actual file hosts themselves. TV Shows & Movies is not responsible for the accuracy, compliance, copyright, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of other linked sites. In case of any copyright claims, Please contact the source websites directly file owners or host sites. By accessing this site you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy.
The Arithmetic Reasoning section of the test measures your ability to solve arithmetic word problems. You may be asked questions such as “If the tire of a car rotates at a constant speed of 552 times in 1 minute, how many times will the tire rotate in half an hour?” Therefore, reviewing common math key words associated with each operation is recommended. For example, if you see the key words “in all,” the problem deals with addition. If the problem asks you to “find the difference,” you are being asked to subtract. If a question asks “how many times” per day or week, you know you are dealing with multiplication. If it asks “how many in each,” you should be thinking about division. The CAT-ASVAB has 16 questions in 39 minutes; the paper-and-pencil version has 30 questions in 36 minutes.
The film talks about rough luck of the violinist, who sacrifices her own happiness for the health of her disabled father.
Did you know that cows that produce a daughter rather than a son produce more milk? It’s true! Researchers from Kansas State and Harvard investigated sex-biased milk production using lactation records from 1995 to 1999. Data from this time period were chosen to...
Publish by in Category interior design at September 22nd, 2018. Tagged with bradfield oversized swivel barrel chair. oversized barrel swivel chairs. oversized round swivel barrel chair. oversized swivel barrel chair. oversized swivel barrel chairs for sale.
These arrows are excellent for general purpose use, target practice, training, outdoor camps, and recreation. Each arrow features 3-inch feathers, snap-on nocks, and lightweight crimp-on target points. They are spined for bow weights up to 35 lbs. and are an economic alternative to cedar arrows. Mfg: Hot Shot Manufacturing
A-Z Shooters Supply is the number one source for Discount Shooting Supplies, Ammunition, Targets, Magazines, Range Bags, Reloading Supplies, and More! We work to get you the best discount possible, even if that means referring you to another retailer! Our passion is shooting, so we know what shooters want, and we strive to deliver nothing less!
I have no way of knowing whether 'Grovel' Janner is guilty of the accusations of child abuse, including child rape. What I do know is that these are extremely serious allegations and merit imprisonment for life if the person is found guilty.
What I also know is that prominent members of the Establishment - such as Ed Balls MP and John Mann MP - chose to work with him in Labour Friends of Israel and the so-called Parliamentary Committee Against Anti-Semitism, despite knowing of the accusations and that Keith Vaz MP, Chair of the Home Affairs Select Committee, sought to change the laws on contempt so that 'honourable' rapists and child abusers could no longer be outed.
I also know that it is perfectly possible for someone accused of serious offences to be prosecuted. Someone accused of unlawfully killing another person can be tried and found guilty but with a partial defence of diminished responsibility. Of course, at the time Grovel was alleged to have perpetrated these offences there was no suggestion he was suffering from dementia. But he now is and that is preventing his prosecution rather than being taken into account at the sentencing state (if found guilty).
Former Chief of Staff, Field Marshall Lord Bramall (left) is the only person to come out of this with credit. He thwacked 'Grovel' round the head for his defence of Israel's invasion of Lebanon
Clearly with 22 alleged offences committed against 9 separate children there is a huge amount of evidence that Grovel committed the offences. But that should be for a Judge and Jury to decide, not for Alison Saunders, the DPP, who should be dismissed for perpetuating the cover-up of Janner's alleged offences.
Greville Janner is known to readers of Private Eye as Grovel Janner, a suitable epithet for a man who I only encountered on two occasions. Oily and slimy, he entirely merited comparison with Uriah Heep.
The Zionist institutions that Janner bestowed his favours on need to come clean and apologise to his victims. I realise that they spend much of their time defending Israel right or wrong, including Israel’s abuse of Palestinian children (beatings, torture, rape, sexual abuse, shackling)
Janner was an office holder with a number of Zionist organisations. Vice President of The Association for Jewish Youth and the The Jewish Leadership Council, which represents Zionist capitalists. He was President of The Association of Jewish Ex-Servicemen and Women.
He was also on the Advisory Board of the Zionist vigilante group and erstwhile ‘charity’ the Community Security Trust, which includes in its remit the protection of Jewish children from anti-Semitic attacks. Perhaps the Community Security Trust will extend this to protecting children, including Jewish children, from sexual abusers and rapists?
Janner was also Vice President of The World Jewish Congress, another Zionist body, Chairman of The Holocaust Educational Trust and Director of The United Jewish Israel Appeal, which raises funds in order that the Israeli state can continue to abuse and murder Palestinians, including children.
The first occasion I met him was when giving evidence to the Parliamentary Committee on Employment of which he was Chairman from 1992-96. I had been asked to give evidence as Secretary of Brighton Unemployed Centre. He told me, after having ascertained I held an MA in Imperial History. that I was the best qualified unemployed person he had met, which probably showed the limits of his engagement with the real world. The other time we met was leafleting a Labour Party/Labour Friends of Israel meeting when he considered a minor offence of shoplifting of great import. I guess that offences against property were considered more heinous to this son of the British establishment than offences against children.
Apart from being Chairman of the Board of Deputies of British Jews (1978-84), a thoroughly pro-Zionist organisation which did its best to undermine the fight against fascism in the ‘30’s in the Jewish community. It represents the Jewish petit-bourgeoisie and a section of the Jewish establishment.
Janner also founded the Holocaust Educational Trust. The Holocaust is a good excuse to demonise the Palestinians whilst making yourself feel good. A QC since 1971, he was a Labour MP from 1970 to 1997; since then he has been a member of the House of Lords.
Grovel was made a life peer as Baron Janner of Braunstone in 1997. He is President of John Mann MP and Dennis MacShane’s All-Party Parliamentary Group against Anti-Semitism, and chairs the All-Party Britain-Israel Parliamentary Group. It’s not surprising that these parliamentary cretins didn’t notice his dementia but then again, since his diagnosis is rather convenient, perhaps that is understandable.
A man who worked in Janner’s office during 1991, soon after graduating from university, said: “It was a matter of office gossip that he liked boys, or young men in their mid-20s. He would have friendships with bright young men, and would go swimming with them in his club. He would go for a swim, then have breakfast, then work. Then after lunch he would lie out on the sofa in his constituency office.”
He was still an active peer for several years after his ‘Alzheimer’ was first diagnosed in 2009. He made his last speech – fittingly on Israel and Palestine – in February 2013. The register shows that he was a regular attender in the Lords until the end of December 2013.
Greville Janner: How MPs rallied to defence of Labour peer 'unfairly put through hell by a wicked slur' Independent 16.4.15.
Labour Friends of Israel - like most pro-Israel groups - has often tried to discredit criticism of Israel by conflating it with 'anti-Semitism'. Janner, who was an LFI vice-chair, talked of the ‘viciously and often notoriously anti-Israel" left liberal media.’ Rabbi David Goldberg, “Let's have a sense of proportion”, The Guardian, 26.1. 02
The disgusting Ed Balls who consorted with Janner now seeks to distance the Labour Party from this creature – Balls is thoroughly pro-Zionist and has never spoken out against the abuse of Palestinian children by Israel
Clegg washing his hands of his Zionist colleague. With the Lib Dems having to answer questions about Cyril Smith MP for whom they covered it must all be embarrassing
Janner was the son of Sir Barnett Janner, former Chairman of the Zionist Federation of Great Britain. Another pillar of the Jewish Establishment and Liberal MP for Leicester North West which he inherited. He was a member of the notorious Blairite LFI, whose supporters include:
A veritable rogues gallery of the Parliamentary Labour Party. Only Dennis MacShane, the former MP for Rotherham, has been removed. No doubt on account his time spent as a guest of Her Majesty.
One of Grovel’s few subsequent forays into the public eye came in 2002, when Uri Geller, a friend, arranged for him to accompany Michael Jackson on a tour of Parliament. The trio dropped in on a party for Labour MP Paul Boateng, where Jackson agreed to sing happy birthday. Boateng himself is rumoured to have been shunted off as High Commissioner to South Africa because of child abuse allegations. See
In September, the Chief Constable of Derbyshire, Mick Creedon, was reported as saying his 1989 inquiries as a detective sergeant into ‘credible evidence’ of child abuse by Janner were blocked by superiors. see
Janner had been named in open court as an abuser during the 1991 trial of Leicester children’s home manager Frank Beck. MPs, including the current chair of the Commons Home Affairs Committee, Keith Vaz, rallied around Janner following trial reports. In December 1991 some called for a review of the law of contempt following what fellow Leicester MP Vaz called a ‘cowardly attack’ on Janner’s character. In 1991 Alex Carlisle QC, a Liberal-Democrat was one of the MPs supporting Greville Janner following the Beck trial. Hansard records him saying of Janner: ‘He is a man of determination and enthusiasm whose integrity and will power have crossed party lines.’ see and
I write in my capacity as a potential Member of Parliament to challenge the decision of the DPP, Alison Saunders, not to prosecute Lord Janner for alleged crimes, namely 16 indecent assaults between 1969 and 1988, and 6 counts of buggery on under aged boys between 1972 and 1988.
I have read the CPS’ justification for their decision here http://cps.gov.uk/news/latest_news/lord_janner/
Please do not refer this letter downwards to the CPS, and please do not treat it as a complaint against the CPS. I have been in lengthy correspondence with the CPS and have used their complaint service already, and I have no confidence in their decisions and processes, for the reasons set out below. I wish to challenge the judgment of the DPP directly. This is now a matter for the Chief Law Officer.
Alison Saunders in her justification document accepts that the evidential basis for a criminal prosecution of Janner is sound. However, she argues that there is no public interest in prosecuting him because he is unfit to plead.
She bases this argument on the evidence of four medical experts who agree that he has dementia due to Alzheimer’s disease, and that they have “general agreement” as to the level of cognitive ability on a Mini Mental State examination.
However, there is no reference to any brain scan having been carried our. If scans were performed but reports on the scans were left out of the CPS justification document, there has been a failure of due diligence in reporting, and Saunders should be rebuked.
If on the other hand brain scans on Janner were not performed, there has been serious negligence. In my extensive correspondence with the CPS on this case I explicitly requested several times that brain scans should be carried out, because they give objective evidence that goes far beyond medical history taking and examination. If they were not carried out Saunders should be invited to consider her position.
If we accept for the sake of argument that Janner is indeed suffering from Alzheimer’s disease, there are three precedents where paedophiles have been tried and convicted of sexual crimes against children. The names are David Massingham, John Hayford and Michael Collingwood. I can supply references if requested, but the CPS should be able to find them.
Either Alison Saunders knew of these cases and negligently failed to deal with them in her report, or she did not know of them, in which case there was a failure of due diligence as a lawyer.
There is no provision in the CPS Code of Practice to exempt people with dementia from facing trial. In the absence of such provision, but in the presence of sufficient evidential basis to proceed, Alison Saunders has used the public interest test.
Now clearly there is a major public interest in bringing to court people who are abused of serious sexual crimes against children, especially children who for one reason or another were in the care of public organisations.
First, sexual abuse has a devastating effect on the subsequent lives of survivors of abuse, and there is a need to demonstrate that society will not tolerate child abuse, even if carried out by VIPs.
Second, the Law itself comes into disrepute if there is a public perception that VIP status confers immunity against justice. You must be aware that already there exists a common perception that this is the case. This view is particularly prevalent in the community of survivors of sexual abuse. If Janner escapes trial, this perception will increase, both among survivors and among the general public. It is not in the public interest for there to be a perception that there is one law for the rich, another for the poor.
Against these two major public interest arguments, the CPS advances the minor public interest argument that money spent in bringing Janner to court could be wasted as he is likely to be judged unfit to plead. This argument is extremely weak. The expenditure would be trivial in comparison with other cases that have failed.
Most importantly, a major legal argument needs to be entertained, namely whether a person who passes the evidential test but who might not be fit to plead for reasons of dementia should be tried as if in absentia.
The defence could test the evidence given by Janner’s alleged victims. His accusers could be invited to ask if they can positively identify him, possibly by reference to body characteristics such as moles.
It should be noted also that in coming to her conclusion, Saunders rejected advice of one of UK’s principal authorities on sex offences. Eleanor Laws QC, leading counsel to Leicestershire police’s investigation into Janner, recommended that he be put on trial despite his age and dementia.
In the light of this, the DPP must have consulted with other people in coming to her decision. The names of these people, the advice they gave, and the degree of pressure that they put on the DPP should be made clear to the public.
Perhaps the person who comes out best in all of this is one Field Marshal Lord Bramall. After an argument over the Lebanon conflict, he thwacked his fellow peer, the 78-year-old Lord Janner!
Repair and Support Plan / Pay as you go / £151.00 - £200.99 Repair and Support Plan / Pay as you go / £201.00 - £300.99 Repair and Support Plan / Pay as you go / £301.00 - £400.99 Repair and Support Plan / Pay as you go / £401.00 - £1500.99 Repair and Support Plan / 3 years / £151.00 - £200.99 Repair and Support Plan / 3 years / £201.00 - £300.99 Repair and Support Plan / 3 years / £301.00 - £400.99 Repair and Support Plan / 3 years / £401.00 - £1500.99 Repair and Support Plan / 5 years / £151.00 - £200.99 Repair and Support Plan / 5 years / £201.00 - £300.99 Repair and Support Plan / 5 years / £301.00 - £400.99 Repair and Support Plan / 5 years / £401.00 - £1500.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £20.00 - £40.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £41.00 - £60.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £61.00 - £80.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £81.00 - £100.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £101.00 - £120.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £121.00 - £150.99
Unlike humans, most pets seem to be in perpetually good moods. They're ecstatic when you arrive home from work, are always ready to play and enjoy keeping you company whether you're cooking dinner or cleaning the garage. When your pet seems sad and is no longer interested in the little things that used to make him or her happy, it's only natural to wonder if depression is the cause.
Pet behavioral experts believe that animals probably do suffer from depression when they face upsetting situations. Symptoms of depression often occur after a life-changing event, such as a move to a new home, a family member moving out or the death of a pet or family member. Often, it takes a little detective work to determine what may have caused your pet's condition.
Decrease in Activity Level. You may notice that your pet seems a little lethargic and uninterested in doing much more than sleeping or resting.
Lack of Interest in Playing. Fetch, chase-the-laser-light and other games may fail to interest a pet who's depressed.
Reduced Interaction with People. Depressed pets just want to be alone. They may stop greeting you at the door or find a hiding place under a bed or table.
It's a good idea to schedule a visit with the veterinarian if your pet's symptoms continue for longer than two weeks. Because many of the symptoms of depression can also occur if your pet is ill, it's important to rule out illnesses and conditions that can affect behavior. For example, diabetes or kidney failure may cause your pet to feel tired and lose interest in his or her usual activities. Older pets that seem depressed may actually be suffering from arthritis. When standing, walking or running is painful, going for long walks or even staying by your side while you cook dinner may no longer be enjoyable.
Spending More Time with Him or Her. Depressed pets may not seek you out, but they'll still benefit from increased time with you and other family members. If your pet seems depressed after your child leaves for college or you change your work schedule, paying a little more attention to your furry friend may help him or her adjust.
Brushing or Grooming Your Pet. Depressed pets may not have the energy to groom themselves. Brushing will help improve your pet's appearance and offer additional opportunities for the two of you to spend more time together.
Paying Attention to Socialization Needs. Some pets do better as only pets, while others, like guinea pigs, will become depressed if they don't have companions.
Encouraging Your Pet to Play. Pets, particularly younger animals, may exhibit signs of depression if they're bored. New toys that make noise, light up or contain catnip make playtime more enjoyable for pets tired of the same old squeaky toy. Dogs can easily become bored if they're sent to the backyard for hours on end with no human interaction. Playing games with your dog in the yard or taking him or her for walks or trips to the dog park can improve your pet's mood and help you get a little exercise.
Keeping the Same Routines. A move to a new home or a new job may require that you make a few changes to your routine. Despite the changes to your schedule, it's important to keep your pet's routine as predictable as possible.
Offering Treats. If your pet has lost interest in his or her usual food, offer treats and foods that may not be a regular part of your pet's diet, such as baked chicken, lamb or salmon.
Considering Medication. Medication isn't usually recommended unless your pet is severely depressed, but may be helpful in some cases.
Are you concerned about changes in your pet's mood or behavior? Call us to schedule an appointment. We'll perform a thorough examination, treat any underlying health conditions and offer suggestions that will help your pet feel better.
Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan begins a four-day visit to China on Friday to shore up support for a financial bailout that the South Asian nation desperately needs.
China on Thursday sought to defend the proposed bus service with Pakistan through Pakistan-occupied Kashmir or PoK, saying its cooperation with Islamabad has nothing to do with the territorial dispute and will not change its principled stance on the Kashmir issue. The friendship between the two countries has stood the test of time and has always enjoyed strong vitality.
He also said more projects relating to "industrial cooperation" will come up in more areas of Pakistan.
The joint statement also elaborated on the overall agreements reached between the two countries about expanding CPEC, setting up a foreign minister's strategic dialogue mechanism and strengthening cooperation between China and Pakistan in several sectors including social sectors.
"CPEC is a blessing for Pakistan, it's very important for the country, it's an opportunity to attract investments", he said.
The two sides firmly move forward the CPEC, while ensuring the smooth operations of the completed projects and advancing the ongoing projects, he said.
Some ministers in Khan's new government have expressed concerns over the Chinese investments in Pakistan, with one slashing the budget of a rail project by $2 billion.
They also agreed to task the CPEC's Joint Cooperation Committee (JCC) with formulating ideas to explore new areas of cooperation.
PM Imran lauded China's phenomenal achievements in reducing poverty and alleviating corruption, and said Pakistan wished to learn from its progress.
Many people in Pakistan believe that Imran Khan is a reformist. The Prime Minister has described Xi as a "role model owing to his vision and leadership".
The prime minister extended an invitation to President Xi Jinping to visit Pakistan, which was accepted.
Beijing has maintained the CPEC projects are economic ventures and not targeted against "any third country", meaning India. "It is easy to catch low-level criminals but it is much more challenging to expose white-collar crime which actually devastates a country", he added. "These relations have not only benefited the two all-weather strategic partners but the region and world".
While China continues to be Pakistan's biggest foreign investor and aid donor, it is also working to increase liquidity amid its trade war against the US.
In his meeting with Li, Khan invited the Chinese premier to visit Pakistan and see for himself the difference the mega-project has made in the country.
This was reaffirmed during a meeting between Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi and China's State Councillor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi in Beijing.
China has repeatedly said that the Indian-Pakistani territorial dispute had to be settled through dialogue between the two sides.
Finally, on October 25, Saudi Arabia said the murder was " premeditated " based on information supplied by Turkey. Other members included Johnnie Moore; author Joel Rosenberg; former US congresswoman Michele Bachmann; Jerry A.
He said 13 other protesters were killed during two other marches this week, one before and one after Monday's deadly march. The army deleted the post hours later without explanation after it had caused an uproar on social media.
Put into bat, the first 49 runs cost West Indies the top half of their batting order at the midway stage of their innings. The humidity is expected to be high and there will be a bit of dew as well throughout the match.
Local officials said it was the first royal visit since the country rejoined the Commonwealth. At the reception Prince Charles was presented with a with a birthday cake.
But with an open Senate seat thanks to the retirement of Republican Bob Corker, voters are more than eager this year. Along with all the traditional absentee voters, well over 1.7 million people had voted as of Friday.
In an interview published on Friday, Mr Trump told the Washington Times: "I don't view it as the Willie Horton ad at all". Democrat immigration policies not only drain United States treasury, but they threaten communities, he alleged.
So I think the rotation is good. "I think it's very hard to cover 30 points in six months, but we are trying". Questions will be asked over all three goals and both Tomkins and Sakho will be needing some answers.
The US also wants Iran to stop backing Yemen's Houthi rebels, who are facing a US-supported air campaign led by Saudi Arabia. So when Iran exports oil to a country in the European Union , the company from the receiving country would pay into the SPV.
On Wednesday, the SDF said the Turkish attacks had forced it to suspend its US-backed campaign against IS near the Iraqi border. The continuation of Turkish attacks, the group said, would further delay the offensive on the ISIS-held pocket of Hajin.
It was here the singer explained the current political climate is the reasoning behind her new album " Walls ". It's a good way to go out". "I don't get nervous , nervous, but I don't enjoy it", she told Corden.
Donald Trump said trade talks were "moving along nicely" and that meetings were "being scheduled" at the G20 summit in Buenos Aires.
If she wants to go out there and campaign, have at it. "No", Clinton said after a brief pause, which the moderator noted. But this isn't the first time that her turn of phrase has ended in scandal for the ex-presidential hopeful.
This is the moment a bus crashed into a river, killing all 15 people onboard, after a fight between the driver and a passenger. The official Xinhua News Agency said Friday 13 bodies had been retrieved from the river and two others were still missing.
During a previous round of sanctions at the start of the decade, Iranian oil exports declined at times to below 1 million bpd. Russian production has risen to a record high of 11.41 million bpd in October, up from 11.36 million bpd in September.
The S&P 500 fell as much as 11 percent from its all-time high before paring the drop in the final 15 minutes of trading. The reason the yuan is being dumped now is that investors are concerned about a trade war between America and China.
The Snow White Coloring Pages From Disney Princess Cartoon below is a part of Disney Princess Coloring Page Collection Gallery. This digital photography of Snow White Coloring Pages From Disney Princess Cartoon has dimension 893 × 713 pixels. You can see a gallery of Disney Princess Coloring Page below. And if you think that this image are interested to share with your friends, don't hesitate to share it on your Social Media account.
Disney Princess Coloring Page – Find the latest coloring pages, coloring sheets or printable coloring books pictures ideas of Disney Princess Coloring Page to enhance the creativity of your kids or children in their spare time, just at Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery site.
Disney Princess Coloring Page photos, images and pics collection here was uploaded by Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery Group after picking ones that are best among the others. Here these list of fantastic pics or photos of Disney Princess Coloring Page as part of Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery updates collection. Find the best Disney Princess Coloring Page pictures and images for your own collection and personal use. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to get the pictures in high quality (HD Quality), simply just click the download link below the pictures gallery of Disney Princess Coloring Page.
Free Ninjago Coloring Pages photos, images and pics collection here was uploaded by Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery Group after picking ones that are best among the others. Here these list of wonderful pics or photos of Free Ninjago Coloring Pages as part of Playering Printable Coloring Pages Gallery updates collection. Find the best Free Ninjago Coloring Pages pictures and images for your own collection and personal use. We hope you enjoyed it and if you need to get the pictures in high quality (HD Quality), simply just click the download link below the pictures gallery of Free Ninjago Coloring Pages.
The Turkey Doodle Coloring Page below is a part of Turkey Color Page Collection Gallery. This digital photography of Turkey Doodle Coloring Page has dimension 1024 × 791 pixels. You can see a gallery of Turkey Color Page below. And if you think that this image are interested to share with your friends, don't hesitate to share it on your Social Media account.
The Zamboni word mark and configuration of the Zamboni ice resurfacing machine are registered trademarks of Frank J. Zamboni & Co., Inc. © Frank J. Zamboni & Co., Inc. 2015. All Rights Reserved.
Brown I am currently a student and I am studying to be a designer. I like to walk much in the city. I am a quiet and modest girl. I would love to one day play a role in a play or movie as the sexy mistress.
© 2002 - 2018 NUDES.cz - resource for art and photography of female nudity. For the simple pleasure of naked body, for the right of all men to enjoy beauty of young women. No porn on this site, no pop-ups, no redirects, no malware/spyware. Just excellent nude pictures of beautiful girls. Tell your friends about NUDES.cz. Contents kindly provided by Met Art - visit our sponsor.