If you need to lose that stubborn fat stored in your thighs, walking on an incline is a great exercise to do. This can be done using a treadmill, walking up steps, or even climbing a hill near your home. Inclined walking targets the large muscle groups in your legs and helps to strengthen and tone them, while at the same time burning the stored fat in those problem areas.
If people around you know that you're trying to diet and lose weight, you will find some great support. Always tell visit this website link what you're doing. At the very least, they may refrain from shoving pizza in their faces in your presence, and that's a pretty good start as far as support goes.
Control your appetite and lose weight by taking the time to eat slowly. It can take the brain up to 20 minutes to give you the "full" signal, so take small bites and chew each mouthful 30 to 50 times. If you eat quickly, you may feel uncomfortably full by the time your brain registers the amount of food that's in your stomach. Taking small portions can also help with this goal.
A great motivator on your weight loss journey is to take photos along the way. Once a month, every ten pound,s or at some other regular interval, snap a photo in the same clothing, and marvel at the changes in your body. website link are visual creatures, so seeing the weight loss in glorious color can be a great motivator.
You might consider purchasing a couple of books that have a lot of healthy recipes for you to cook. There are many cook books out there that have a lot of meals that are healthy and promote weight loss, plus you can learn how to cook some great dishes as well.
If you are trying to lose weight, place a set of measuring cups in your pantry. By doing this, you will no longer just eyeball portions and give a guesstimate as to what size the helping is that you are consuming. When you enter a cup of cereal into your food diary, you will actually know it is a cup of cereal and can accurately enter your caloric intake.
If you are attempting to lose weight, do not space your consumption of food far apart. It is best to eat low calorie snacks between meals to keep your metabolism up, so food calories are burned off rather than stored as body fat. Also, whenever you don't eat for hours at a time, your blood sugar plummets which causes you to eat in excess the next time you intake food.
Budgeting your time is as important to weight loss as eating right and exercise are. If you make sure you have the time to seek out new recipes, do your grocery list, prepare foods for all your meals, exercise, and get support from your loved ones, you'll find weight loss comes naturally.
In order to increase your chances of success at weight loss, consider keeping a food diary. By keeping track of what you eat and when, you are better able to see food consumption habits and trends that could be potentially sabotaging your efforts. Additionally, by knowing that you will be recording everything you eat, you make yourself accountable for every food choice. This accountability can have a very powerful motivating effect on your weight loss efforts.
As stated at the beginning of this article, few people even realize the basic premise of weight-loss, and thus they're failing miserably at their diets. It's getting to the point that many people feel diets are a failure before they even start them. Use what you've learned throughout this article to change your mindset and ultimately your life.
The Cavs announced that he’d miss the rest of the game and get his leg X-rayed, then shortly after that, they said that he’d fractured his left tibia and will be out indefinitely.
インパクトの強さから”本当に出会える”ってフレーズを使いましたが 実際、出会えない系以外のサイトなら、普通に女の子と出会うことができるので”本当に出会えるサイト”は 大手のサイトならどこでもって感じに ...
Chillies, garlic, basil, peanuts... Oh my goodness, how I was in gastronomical heaven in Vietnam. River eel with banana in coconut sauce. Delicate soups scented with star anise, and phở-- my most favourite soup in the world. Phở is a noodle soup that in my belief, cures all ills. When I lived in San Francisco, there was this little Vietnamese restaurant around the corner from my apartment, which made a marvellous phở. Anytime I felt down, sick, or concerned about something, this delicious and comforting soup would melt away anything wrong. To have it in Vietnam, was to have an even more perfect perfection-- and I enjoyed it for breakfast with dumplings every day.
Fish soups were particularly yummy, and in the Mekong Delta, I even ate... a rat! I am not sure why I did not photograph the rat, but I did sketch it. It was pretty good, and a little rabbity.
So let's go back to the mosquitoes and the green, the motorbikes, the brown river, and the blazing sun.
I thought I would disrupt the flow of images from the steamy Mekong Delta to show you what has been happening here at home, in Istanbul.
We've had a solid eight days of snow falling on our fair city. Glistening icicles stabbing toward frozen ground, frosted domes, and that delightful crunch under boots... it has been magical!
Samsung's Lab.dev is another cloud based mobile application testing service. This article is a summary of my experience with it specific to Android. The site also supports Windows Mobile, Java and bada testing.
A requirements test will follow. If all requirements are met you can proceed to the lab screen where you can select the device you want from what is available (see screen..). One you've decided on a device select 'Start' to download the java web start app(.jnlp file) that will show you the running device (grant required permissions for the application to run on your pc).
You can test your android apps on the device by downloading the .apk files onto it over the internet.
I like your blog design.This is one of the beautiful post.I am so happy to read about your information.Good.
I have to i appreciate you for the efforts you get in writing this article. so you to promote your blog by using some internet marketing strategy, because it can easily to reach the peoples
hello I want to play online "Tatsunoko vs capcom ultimate all-stars" I can never find anyone online what do you say would you sometime? thanks.
"Music is a universal language. The sound of the melody touches everyones heart and mind. Those people who havenever heard this music take a few minutes to feel it, then they enjoy it in their own way."
Mahatma Gandhi’s 1942 Quit India movement or The INA army launched by Netaji Bose to free India or the Royal Indian Navy Mutiny of 1946? According to the British Prime Minister Clement Attlee, during whose regime India became free, it was the INA and the RIN Mutiny of February 18-23 1946 that made the British realise that their time was up in India.
An extract from a letter written by P.V. Chuckraborty, former Chief Justice of Calcutta High Court, on March 30 1976, reads thus: "When I was acting as Governor of West Bengal in 1956, Lord Clement Attlee, who as the British Prime Minister in post war years was responsible for India’s freedom, visited India and stayed in Raj Bhavan Calcutta for two days`85 I put it straight to him like this: ‘The Quit India Movement of Gandhi practically died out long before 1947 and there was nothing in the Indian situation at that time, which made it necessary for the British to leave India in a hurry. Why then did they do so?’ In reply Attlee cited several reasons, the most important of which were the INA activities of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, which weakened the very foundation of the British Empire in India, and the RIN Mutiny which made the British realise that the Indian armed forces could no longer be trusted to prop up the British. When asked about the extent to which the British decision to quit India was influenced by Mahatma Gandhi’s 1942 movement, Attlee’s lips widened in smile of disdain and he uttered, slowly, ‘Minimal’."
Strangely enough, like the chapattis which went all around India during the 1857 First War of Independence asking the nation drive away the British, it was 20 loaves of bread that started this so-called RIN Mutiny. It was a reaction against the high-handed behaviour by British officers of the RIN. On January 16, 1946, a contingent of 67 ratings of various branches arrived at Castle Barracks, Mint Road, in Fort Mumbai. This contingent had arrived from the basic training establishment, HMIS Akbar, located at Thane a suburb of Mumbai at four in the evening. The officer on duty informed the galley (kitchen) staff of this arrival. Quite casually, the duty cook, without winking an eyelid, took out 20 loaves of bread from the large cupboard and added three litres of tap water to the mutton curry as well as the gram dal which was lying already cooked before as per the morning strength of the ratings. On that day, only 17 ratings ate the watery, tasteless meals, while the rest went ashore and ate. When reported to senior officers present, this grievances practically evoked no response and the discontentment continued to build up.
These complaints continued to agitate the ratings and a naval central strike committee was formed on February 18, 1946. It was led by naval rating M.S Khan. Soon, thousands of disgruntled ratings from Mumbai, Karachi, Cochin and Vishakhapatnam joined them. They communicated with each other through the wireless communication sets available in HMIS Talwar. Thus, the entire revolt was coordinated. The unrest spread to shore establishments from the initial flashpoint in Bombay to Karachi and Calcutta, involving 78 ships, 20 shore establishments and 20,000 sailors.
The next morning, the Tricolour was hoisted by the ratings on most of the ships and establishments. The third day came charged with fresh emotions. Sardar Patel’s statement of assurance did improve matters considerably. However, an unruly guncrew of a 25-pounder gun fitted in an old ship, fired a salvo, without orders from the strikers, towards the Castle barracks and blew off a large branch of an old banyan tree. By this time the British destroyers fully armed to go into action arrived and had positioned themselves off the Gateway of India in Mumbai.
The RIN Mutiny was treated as a crisis of the empire by an alarmed British cabinet and Attlee Clement, ordered the Royal Navy to put down the revolt. Admiral Godfrey, the Flag Officer commanding the RIN, went on air with his order "Submit or perish".
The next day, the RAF (Royal Air Force) threatened the defiant RIN ships by flying a squadron of bombers low over Bombay harbour even as Admiral Rattray, Flag Officer, Bombay, RIN, issued an ultimatum asking the ratings to raise black flags and surrender unconditionally.
Both Muhammad Ali Jinnah and Sardar Patel successfully persuaded the ratings to surrender. Patel wrote, "Discipline in the army cannot be tampered with. We will want [the] army even in free India". Mahatma Gandhi, criticised the strikers for mutinying without the call of a ‘prepared revolutionary party’ and without the ‘guidance and intervention’ of ‘political leaders of their choice’.
The issue remained unresolved till the morning of February 23, when the hopeless situation produced a vote of surrender. The black flags went up at six on the morning of February 23.
The negotiations moved fast, keeping in view the extreme sensitivity of the situation and most of the demands of the strikers regarding welfare measures were conceded in principle. Immediate steps were taken to improve the quality of food served in the ratings’ kitchen and their living conditions. But these were followed up by court martials and large-scale dismissals from the service. None of those dismissed were reinstated into either of the Indian or Pakistani navies after Independence.
But the brave sailors had demonstrated to the British that they would rise in defence of their motherland, thus leaving the foreign imperialists little option but to quit.
Today a memorial to the brave RIN ratings, completed by the Indian Navy in 2002, stands in the busy Colaba area in Central Bombay
If only Gandhi had stayed behind in Africa, I nia would have been a strong independent and Hindu nation by now.
Definitely well said. Brithishrs well established Mahatmagandhiji andNehru and then established Indira Gandhi. They did not stop here they also established Rajiv Gandhi Sonia Gandhi and also Rahul Gandhi. If so they Britishers have wonderful magic.
Who cares for Hindus. Be it RSS BJP OR SHIVSENA OR NNS OR else everybody is after power. Nothing more noththththing less.
Dale Drinnon Once again, while I was searching for something else, an Anthropological site had posted this painting from a...
India on seas of Navigation anthropologist, has written that: "Those who believe the ancient peoples of Asia were incapable of cros...
On 16th December 2006, India inaugurated dredging work connected to the Sethusamudram project in the Rama Sethu (Adam's Bridge) ...
Here is the sensational letter written by SUBRAMANIAN SWAMY of JANATA PARTY directly to Prime minister Manmohan Singh. After reading this ...
H. P. Kanoria Women – “Be Emboldened”; “Embodiment of Goddess of Mother” There is no chance of the welfare of the world unless the ...
By Anand Sharma The archaeological remains of ancient Maya civilization of Mexico are lying scattered in the parts of Yu...
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl BustyDora here. I'm 40 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. I`m an unstoppable Sex-Machine. I can do the craziest things You dreamed about. Get on board and forgot about world existing around You - this is going to be another dimension. Let me be Your tour guide on this journey. Cute young men who are a bit afraid of me. We will work it out, believe me;. I am sexy, busty hot mature lady ready to play with my tight pussy and bouncing tits, naughty but also innocent, wild and sensual, come to see my perfect huge and natural breasts, my round ass, my sexy legs .... The idea of f*cking in public places makes me extremely crazy! The fear of being noticed excites me the most. Would you would like to catch me or better still be caught with me. Hello there! I just love role play, the brain is t is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Blue eyes, Short Blonde hairs and my measurements are 98-68-96. For Turn ons: I can`t resist men who know how to treat a lady like me, tease and pamper me. Be sure - I`ve got what You need, visit my private room and You will get everything You`ve been dreaming about.. For TurnsOff: I am OK with cheap people but what turns me off is being treated cheap. Respect me & in return I will do all I can to make your dreams come true.. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Oh it looks like an amazing vacation!!! What a wonderful place to visit. Your photos ARE a delight!!!
Wonderful pictures! And a terrific place to visit. Bet you had a great time. Thanks for sharing. :-)
I’ve heard so many good reports about Provence and your beautiful photos make me want to visit. What are those lovely looking cakes/buns in photo number 15? Love the quirky last photo :-)
The cakes are called Tarte Tropezienne. You see them all over - they are a cream-filled brioche. They are huge and sweet and heavenly :-)
The glimpse of your trip through your photos is so perfect! Words are not necessary. They speak so eloquently.
PS. Love this line at the bottom of your blog: With tuppence for paper and strings you can have your own set of wings ... let's go fly a kite!
Amalia, thank you for the mini-vacation--I needed that! Your photos would make best-selling postcards!
So beautiful. How lovely to be able to capture of it's beauty. I want to visit! Thanks so much for sharing your explorations at our May Garden party.
I don't know if I'll ever get there, but this moment, your photos give me a wonderful sense of it. You've shown me things that I would go look for. Merci!
Qui, je t'aime France:) The picture with the group of little boys is too cute!! Also love the statue of the red white and blue candy:):) Many thanks for sharing the Province with All Seasons,! Enjoy your week!
Your post shares everything I love about Provence. Thank you for sharing at the Tea and Roses Linky party. Have a safe and happy Memorial Day!
My gosh what a beautiful vacation! Every picture is a bright bit of delight indeed! And together they make a wonderful travelog.
Such wonderful pictures of France, Amalia. The coffee and dessert look amazing. It looks like maybe an almond goodie? I love that picture of the woman with the group of boys, that's priceless. Yummy pizza and blackberries. And stunning roses. Your pictures always make my heart sing, dear friend.
Your pictures transport me there! France is on my bucket list so hopefully one day... thanks for sharing at Vintage Charm! xo Kathleen
I adored all of your beautiful pictures of France! I've got the travel itch to go there! Thank you for linking up with It's a Spring Tea Link Party - we are so happy you joined us! Angelina @ Petite Haus
Dear Amalia, your travel photos never disappoint. These are full of life and beautiful, as always. Thank you for taking us along with you on your travels. I so enjoy these posts. Hugs, Nancy P.S. Thank you for your sweet comment on my moving post.
Spectacular photos, Amalia! You've captured the essence perfectly. I hope to get to that part of France someday! I'll be featuring your post at Best Of The Weekend tomorrow night! Thanks for sharing!
Sometimes blogs need some verbiage to explain what we're seeing, but in this case, the pictures speak for themselves, and appropriately loudly. Provence in pictures - stunning!
You captured the region so well in your photos, Amalia. France is an outstanding country to visit and Provence is one of the most charming regions.
Beautiful photos! Your pictures of France look like everything I'd expect France to be. Now I want to go there too (adds to growing list of places to visit one day). I am looking forward to Le Tour de France next month - I love watching for the bike racing but especially for the scenery.
Everything happens: Valencia 4-0 AZ (Agg 5-2): Spanish side puts domestic woes behind it to book semifinal spot in convincing fashion
Valencia 4-0 AZ (Agg 5-2): Spanish side puts domestic woes behind it to book semifinal spot in convincing fashion
Los Che move closer to European glory with an impressive victory over the Dutch side, which will be disappointed after winning the first leg in Netherlands.
Valencia booked its place in the semifinals of the Europa League at the expense of AZ after winning 5-2 on aggregate following a 4-0 victory at Mestalla.
Adil Rami brought the hosts level on aggregate after only 15 minutes, with a header from a corner, before he doubled his tally only two minutes later with a volley. Jordi Alba tapped in 10 minutes after halftime to make it three, and Pablo Hernandez curled in with 10 minutes from time.
The game started with a bang, with Los Che providing the early pressure. They knew they needed at least one goal, and were seeking it early on, looking most dangerous from set pieces.
Indeed, it was a corner that led to the first goal. On the quarter-hour mark, Tino Costa passed to Feghouli, who crossed from the right for Rami to emphatically head home, with Esteban Alvarado missing the punch.
Just two minutes later, it was Rami again, and a corner again, that put the hosts two up, and ahead on aggregate. Tino Costa crossed in after another short corner, the ball was flicked on, and Rami was there at the back post to sweep in a volley.
The Dutch side was looking shell-shocked, but it did muster an effort on target. Adam Maher had a speculative first-time shot from distance, with Diego Alves doing well to claw the ball over the bar.
Jonas was looking lively for Los Che, having an effort from range just before the half-hour, his shot going harmlessly wide. Then just before halftime, he slipped Soldado through, but Esteban saved. The ball was whipped back into the box, and Jonas headed just wide of the left-hand post.
AZ came out in the second half knowing a goal would take the tie to extra-time, but the statistics were against i5. AZ has only won one game away from home in the Europa League this season, whereas Valencia has not lost at home in Europe this season.
Truly, the game was going to form as Jordi Alba put the hosts three up on the night. Wave after wave of attack was coming the Dutch side’s way. Dirk Marcellis blocked a shot on the line, Nick Viergever was dispossessed, and Soldado was put through into the box to square to Jordi Alba to poke home on 56 minutes.
This beach is distant a hundred meters from the sea. On one side there are green fields and on the other, rocks. Between them the...
A 28-year-old woman is reportedly suffering from an extremely rare skin condition that causes her to grow fingernails all over her body —...
An abandoned newborn baby is recovering in hospital after having her throat cut, being put in a plastic bag and thrown into a garbage bin...
With her enormous, glassy eyes, purple hair and coquettish pose, this girl could have stepped from the scene of a Japanese anime film. An...
Meet Tina Leopard, a Chinese blogger and model who earlier this year sparked controversy among Internet users after photos showing her ex...
mooer echoverb high quality reverb guitar effects pedal digital delay guitar pedal guitar accessories
Sovereignty is a state of complete self-governance. Self-governance ultimately means ownership of and being responsible for your every thought, feeling, word and action. And to understand the consequences thereof energetically.
Giving aspects of your personal power away to anyone or anything is counter to this process. And so it was I came to yet another realisation that too much co-dependent interaction with my celestial/galactic/inner earth friends can do as much damage in deterring me from my path, as any other physical relationship can.
This was triggered while reading a channelled message by Eve on abundanthope.org from Inner Earth priest, Adama. He was chatting about the many surface women that feel they have a special connection to him personally, intimately. And he went a ways to explaining how this has little to do with him and everything to do with how we surface humans interpret things, feeding fantasies in the process.
As I had been doing something similar with Lady Nada for some time. Not to say we don’t have a relationship. We do. But it was in my allowing something of a co-dependancy to develop that became a source of personal power leakage for me, detracting from my quest for personal sovereignty in the process. Somehow I’d put too much store into this one. And as I didn’t want to take on her or anyone else’s energetic signature as a sovereign co-creator, it was time to make some changes.
Bringing the situation back into balance meant re-evaluating and assessing my relationship with all my Invisible Friends of the Light. And so there was a necessary period of disconnection. Because what was really happening at a deeper level was I was beginning to reconnect with my Golden Angel/Higher Self in a much more profound and necessary way. This came to me in retrospect.
The relationship with our Golden Angels is perhaps the most significant relationship we can have and who’s guidance will ensure our safety and survival in both the immediate and long-term future. And one that is therefore worth putting much energy into developing, working with and listening to.
Once we nurture this relationship and to the degree we’re able to surrender our ego self to our GA’s, we are more automatically able to live, experience and express the Christ and God within. In our thoughts, feelings, words and actions.
So, this is my personal priority right now. Particularly as I’ve been hearing often lately: ‘You are about to step into your own shoes. Are you prepared’? And ‘Are you ready to take that giant leap of faith’?
I’m at the edge of a high clifftop, so high I cannot see to the bottom. And I fall off it. As I free fall I’m aware there’s a gigantic safety bubble that I’ll land softly and safely on top of, should I fall all the way down. Yet, as I fall invisible hands are immediately at my side, under my arms and at my waist, guiding me upwards. At a particular moment, they give me a massive thrust and I take off, suddenly extending my own previously-unseen wings, exhilaratingly flying upwards…
The past weeks this image has changed a little. Now it’s me more consciously jumping off the cliff, rather than just falling off of it. I’m taking it as a sign of progress, as I’m owing more of my actions in what I believe is required of me here.
Ultimately, I feel this is about letting go and surrendering all of my lower will, fears, limits and beliefs of the negative ego to my GA. Then my lower will may take her rightful place as servant to my GA, for the first time in this lifetime. And thus may our experience as true Co-creators begin.
Until then, the continued resolving of aspects of Self in separation or still subject to duality must continue towards unity consciousness or full consciousness.
During a recent quick tele chat with one from another dimension, they referred to the reaching of full consciousness as ‘completing upon oneself’ and said this is the starting point for 5th dimensional consciousness.
The phrase has become my flavour-of-the-year catchphrase.  We were discussing intimate relationships and some choices I've had to make again recently. Ultimately, I chose to go with what my GA wants for us as that will bring the best and highest possible outcome for this life's plan.
When you have 'completed upon yourself’ (ie integrated all divisions within), you cannot be with someone who hasn't. It would be a non-match of vibrations. And ultimately unbalanced. Which in turn would breed all manner of difficulties.
Karen Danrich (of ascendpress.org) has a magnificent take on the new intimate relationships. She looks at a kind of ‘before’ and ‘after’ of such relationships and what the new ones will need to encompass for the greater good of the Whole, for those who choose to go there.
So while we’re still busy getting there and completing upon ourselves (told you it was my current flavourite!)and in readiness for the Other in our lives, I’ve discovered the best thing to do is the following: ask yourself what motivates the burning and yearning to be with some else in an intimate relationship is.
You know, those moments when you feel incredibly lonely and don’t believe you can go on, unpartnered.
Then intend with your helpers of the Light for the underlying cause (of those needs) to be brought up for you consciously and, once recognized, intend to release it. Thus this will integrate another aspect of your Wholeness that was previously lost to you.
Work this technique on all intimate relationship needs that come up, distracting you. When you’ve done this successfully, you’ll know. Then the waiting for that special person and the loneliness you felt regularly will seemingly have disappeared, as if by magic!
This comes from someone who’s been in this space for as long as she’s been single in this cycle, which is…so long, she's forgotten! 
DNA awakening and spiritual/consciousness expansion are reliant on our emotional intelligence (EI) for growth. Our intimate relationships perfectly mirror the work that we’ve done, as well as what still needs doing towards greater integration and balance within. [E]motion (energy in motion) is our prime navigational tool. Here's a space to ask and explore everything you ever wanted to know on how to do relationships that return you to your own power...
(I will be going into some of these Q's in depth in upcoming relationship articles, as this space only provides for short responses)
Q:Our relationship seems to have entered the mundane;we no longer inspire each other, we take each other for granted,are not open or honest in the way we once were with each other and distance and misstrust seems to have set in. What can we do?
A:Because you haven't said any different, I'm assuming there are no external factors that may have contributed to your current relationship experience. Road blocks like these can help us reconnect in a more authentic way. First to ourselves and then to our partners. Perhaps our initial connection with each other was based on the other making us feel ‘safe’ and ‘complete’. And when we have that we often become comfortable and complacent. Which often invites stagnation in in turn. We need to ask: ‘Where are the places within where we don’t feel safe and complete. And why?’. As this is what motivated our need to be filled up externally in the first instance. You may want to blame something or someone outside of yourself for what is occurring. But the best contribution you can make to your relationship healing now is to explore where and when you stopped feeling safe, trusting and started feeling incomplete in your history. Once aware, memories trapped in your emotional bodies that have created such imbalances can begin being brought up for release. This will eventually lead to a more ‘whole’ relationship response by you. Here you'll have more of you to bring to a relationship and less needs to be filled by another. New era relationships avoid power imbalances, so having a partner who is equally responsible for him/herself emotionally is crucial to its success.
Q: How much damage can resentment (from one or both partners) create in a relationship? And is this repairable if it has been going on for many years?
A: Resentment is like a cancer that can eat away at the core of all that remains good in your togetherness. If you don’t understand it and allow it. It produces numerous symptoms, ranging from anger to withdrawal. As with much else that creates relationship havoc, it is a result of dishonesty and mistrust - mostly of the Self. Yet, to heal it is necessary to explore and purge this slow-cooking (e)motion at cause to ensure the relationship's forward movement. Rather than managing a symptom or two only to have resentment return down the line. If this happens, you'll know the root cause was not reached sufficiently. Additionally, acknowledging, separating, returning and fully owning which issues belong to whom, energetically-speaking, is the start of honouring the Self. Because the chief relationship that runs our external ones is the inner one we have first with our Selves.
A decades-long preparation is about to pay off...I can feel it! I believe the future of all of our choosing is about to begin. I've never been convinced that being positive and performing rituals which comfort can alone answer the requirements of what's energetically needed to free ourselves from the 3rd Dimension/Fear Matrix. And the downside is these sometimes serve to keep us in that holding pattern of denial or idealism. I think of myself as an optimistic realist! Especially when I real-ised the work involved in growing ourselves. To answer this need I developed EmoAlchemy - a variation of the ancient mystery school teachings. Like the alchemy of old which involved the transmutation of base metals into gold, taking full advantage of the current Ascension offerings requires the turning of base emotional states into (the gold of) higher frequency ones. It means constantly reviewing, releasing and integrating imbalanced parts of yourself in order to have a physically-successful effect on your biology, subsequently 'awakening' your dormant DNA. And part of what we're needing to survive Earth's rising frequencies at this time.
This year I've received loads of questions about the inner earth humans, life in their cities and their relationship to us. Of course, there have been some who have told me outright that I need to get myself to the nearest nuthouse asap! :-) But seriously, rather than relay what I've learned through an article, I thought it would be great to facilitate direct dialogue between you via channelled responses.
To get the ball rolling, send your question/s so everyone can benefit. If you're thinking about it, chances are so is someone else!
A (Bohar): Your governments have farmed out so-called 'official lines' to top scientists and geophysicists to convey to the public on such questions. This is mostly the (dis)information that makes the mainstream media and helps decide public opinion on this and other topics. Yet, there's a growing group of independent scientists who understand and accept the earth as being a hollow entity. Rather than hot malten magma at the earth's core, heat is generated by our sun. You will find our Agarthan crystalline cities hundreds of miles into the interior. Powered by an inner earth sun, it creates both perfect warmth and light for our sustenance. Gravity, as you know it, ceases to exist - which accounts for our living in a timeless/ageless existence.
Close to the surface entrances are a system of caverns. All manner of non 5th Dimensional beings reside there and yes, it is dark and dank in places.
A (Bohar):Numerous surface folk have tried to access the inner earth via various means over the past centuries. However, recently we've had to seal entrances in greater measure to prevent harm being inflicted on us by surface dwellers- mostly shadow government groups. Those that do come here either have a soul contract to do so or come due to to the upstanding nature of their character, which warrants access.
We, ourselves, get around via our underground monorail vehicles or via our space shuttles when we leave this sphere. Here we make use of various surface entrances/exits including the North and South Poles.
Q (Jules): I'm studying photography. Is it possible to capture images of your world with our digital camera technology, should we ever be able to visit?
A (Bohar):We would only need to make some minor adjustment to your cameras to make them inner earth-friendly. We would also make another camera adjustment on your departure. Other than that, we see no problem with capturing images of our world, much as you do on the surface.
for some anecdotal evidence of the inner earth and history. And an enlarged version of the map above.
A retro-style platformer with a totally new twist on the genre. Everyone has dreamed of climbing on ceilings (at least I have) and now you can. Compete for high scores and try to get all of the achievements. Instructions in-game (walkthrough). Enjoy and have some fun climbing around!
By using eCode360 you agree to be legally bound by the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, please do not use eCode360.
[HISTORY: Adopted by the Board of Trustees of the Village of Carthage 11-6-1989 by L.L. No. 4-1989. Amendments noted where applicable.]
The Village Board of Trustees of the Village of Carthage has determined that there are and may be trees within the Village that pose a danger to persons, property and the public safety and welfare. Such trees and their limbs are likely to cause injury or damage to the persons or property of members of the public or are likely to have an adverse effect upon the public safety and welfare by causing an obstruction upon Village streets and sidewalks.
Therefore, the Village Board of Trustees of the Village of Carthage recognizes that special regulation is necessary to provide for the removal of such dangerous trees in order to prevent injury or damage to persons or property and adverse effects upon the public safety and welfare.
Includes trees on private property as well as on public property that, by virtue of their location, size and/or condition, are likely to cause injury or damage to the persons or property of members of the public or are likely to have an adverse effect upon the public safety and welfare by causing an obstruction upon Village streets and sidewalks.
The Village of Carthage, through its designee, shall make the inspections and issue the notices and orders provided for herein.
As a prerequisite to the inspection and subsequent order of removal of a suspected dangerous tree, a written statement by anyone identifying the tree suspected of being dangerous must be filed with the Village.
After the Village's inspection of the identified tree and a determination that it is dangerous, a notice, containing a description and location of the dangerous tree and an order requiring the same to be removed within a specified time, is to be served personally or by a posting of the notice on the property and service by registered mail on the person upon whose property the dangerous tree is located.
Any party receiving a notice pursuant to § 64-6 of this chapter may request a hearing within five days of such receipt to determine whether the tree is dangerous and whether removal is required. A hearing shall be held by the Village Board within 15 days of such request. In the event that no request for a hearing is made or that the Board finds removal is necessary after a hearing, or that the time limit for removal provided for in § 64-8 of this chapter has expired, the Village Board may, by resolution, authorize the dangerous tree's removal.
Once a party is notified that a dangerous tree is on his property and must be removed, that party shall have a time period, as established by the Village, not to exceed 30 days from the date of the notification letter within which to remove said dangerous tree.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Village in connection with the proceedings herein, including the cost of actually removing the dangerous tree, if necessary, shall be assessed against the property upon which said dangerous tree is located as a special assessment on the next Village tax bill.
Rajan hit a jarring false note is in his description of GST as one of the twin shocks, without any qualifier.
Apple to tighten e-commerce play post Amazon dealCompetition Commission orders probe against Intel CorpTaking 'multi-variable' steps to curb fake news before 2019 India polls: Twitter CEO
Here's what Deepika-Ranveer's ivory and gold rec...How not being 'too famous' is helping these Inst...Air pollution isn't just harming you, it affects...Alia Bhatt elated to see parents Mahesh, Soni in...Finding the connection: Research shows genetic l...Marie Antoinette's diamond & pearl necklace expe...Obsessed with clicking and posting selfies? Watc...Major traumatic injuries due to car crashes and ...Twitter India launches #Powerof18 initiative for...
Ahead of general elections, Congress seeks to rally like-minded parties to take on Modi govt; tricky issues such as choice of leader to be considered after polls.
‘One cannot say when Mayawati turns unhappy. Who is she happy with? She does her own politics. All parties should join in a grand alliance'
Are larger mutual funds always better than the smaller ones? A lot of investors believe so and a lot of fund-sellers encourage this belief.
Odisha's abundant mineral resources — coal and iron ore — a long coastline and water will draw investments in the downstream sectors, the government hopes.
Another section, however, welcomed the Uttar Pradesh government's move, saying it endorses the legacy of ancient Ayodhya and will enhance its "glory".
The work ranges from frisking female guests to turfing out anyone who misbehaves, and even helping out women who’ve imbibed too much.
A stronger rupee, falling crude prices and strong macroeconomic data managed to keep the market above water.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau attended his own ceremony to pay tribute to Canadian troops killed at Vimy Ridge, on the battlefields of northeastern France.
Share Market | GST | Income Tax Slabs | Aadhaar Card | IFSC Code | Mutual Funds | Top ELSS Funds to Invest | How to save Income Tax | Sensex Today | Nifty Bank | Telangana Elections | Income Tax Calculator
For IFA3 this is already known, there are no patches or anything that will fix the issue currently, someone will have to rework the physics for arma 3
and that will take alot to do, and currently that will not happen, there is something else being worked on, all i can say.
These are some simple techniques you can use to extend the life of your cut flowers from days, to over a week.
2) Cut each stem to the desired length. Use sharp scissors to cut the stem at a slant, increasing the area for water uptake.
3) Immediately put the stem in a bucket of tepid water to prevent the cut end from sealing. If the cut end should seal, the flower would not be able to take up water.
4) Once indoors, strip off any foliage on the stems that would be underwater in your display vase, to prevent rotting leaves in the water.
6) Flowers with hollow stems such as lupines, delphiniums and hollyhocks tend to dry out quickly, after which they will not take up water at all. To prevent this, invert the stems, fill with water, and plug with cotton or soft tissue. Hold the plug in position while placing each flower in the water.
7) The best-proven additive is the commercially prepared powder available from your local florist. Favorite old-fashioned water additives to preserve fresh cut flowers include: 1?2 cup lemon-lime soda (non-diet) or 1 tsp. sugar to provide food, and 1/4 tsp of bleach or vodka to inhibit bacteria.
8) Be sure to change water completely every 2 days. This is more important than any additive you could use!
9) Finally ... keep the vase out of direct sunlight and away from fruit (which releases ethylene gas, which encourages wilting.) Though these steps may seem like fussy tasks, the reward of longer-lasting cut flowers fresh from your garden will be well worth the effort!
Annual. This award-winning variety from Europe features large flowers with a single row of petals in bright sunny colors surrounding a yellow…
Annual. No room to grow giant sunflowers? Try Sunspot instead for its large flower heads on dwarf, 18" - 24" stalks. Kids will…
Perennial (Grown as an annual). If you love "snaps" you'll want to grow this dwarf variety of the old garden favorite. With a lovely…
Get tips and tricks for gardening success, recipes and craft ideas all sent to your inbox! Be the first to hear about our specials and the newest products available online from Botanical Interests.
After David Kim (John Cho)'s 16-year-old daughter goes missing, a local investigation is opened and a detective is assigned to the case. But 37 hours later and without a single lead, David decides to search the one place no one has looked yet, where all secrets are kept today: his daughter's laptop. In a hyper-modern thriller told via the technology devices we use every day to communicate, David must trace his daughter's digital footprints before she disappears forever.
2016-09-02 Rerun commentary: ... For anyone holding their breath over whether my new rerun administration interface worked successfully (mentioned in the rerun annotation for the previous strip)...
Yes, it did! I managed to get the database SQL statement correct first time around, and it worked without any unexpected effects. This was actually slightly surprising. I might tweak the interface a little to make it even easier for me to use.
LEGO® is a registered trademark of the LEGO Group of companies, which does not sponsor, authorise, or endorse this site.
The basic scientific equation here is that the more blood that your. This false information may make men feel shorter than average.Human Growth Hormone supplements for penile enhancement and growth.
Our program works in as little as 15 minutes a day, while most programs require you to workout for 60 minutes or more each day. While some techniques are hoaxes, others may be somewhat effective, perhaps at high risk of complications.Men who want to get more than the average Caucasian penis length.
Massive Member is different from any other penis enlargement site in many ways.Most men have the truth is tried various approaches to obtain a hugeger penis but have ended up being disappointed by the results. Over the counter penis enlargement pills come with a lot of information.
Formulated from herbs around the world, that is effective, and you can be assured of improved performance.
The renowned technique of jelqing or milking can achieve the most extreme results when used in combination with potent.
We offer many different exercises that have been carefully designed for maximum results in the shortest amount of time.It is endorsed by some of the biggest names in the industry and uses only the highest quality ingredients available.Effective treatment for erectile dysfunction regardless of the cause or duration of the problem or the age of the patient, pills penis number one enlargement.
#1 Rated Penis Enlargement Pills - Backed by a MoneyBack guarantee and Lowest Price Guaranteed.Pumps and pills, horny goat weed, and other penis enlargement nonsense But enough of the sensible expert advice.
Penis enlargement exercises are commonly referred to as jelqing. As such, there are comprehensive reviews at breastenlargementresource.com to help you compare quality, product safety and results as you sift through the myriad of available options.
The term is said to have originated in Arabia where fathers preparing their sons for sexual relationships would use massage to increase the size of the penis.
Language Consultancy Services is a professional translation services company providing general and technical document translation, video transcription, subtitling, closed captioning, subtitling services, website translation & localization, voice over services, translation services, language translation services, language translation, Media Localization Services Company, Subtitle Translation, eLearning Translation, transcription and interpretation services globally at reasonable prices.
ShoeDazzle, for those not in the know, is a very popular e-commerce site for women’s handbags, jewelry, dresses and of course SHOES. What makes ShoeDazzle different from most online stores is 1) Almost everything on the site is the same price, $39.95 and 2) You need to sign up for a membership before you can even browse the site. Membership is free and requires you to take a Style Quiz so that ShoeDazzle’s stylists (including chief stylist and co-founder Kim Kardashian) can make personalized recommendations for you based on your answers. We wondered how long the Style Quiz takes and what benefits you get from joining ShoeDazzle. We also wondered if we would feel like chumps, being forced to take a quiz before even being allowed to shop.
The quiz took all of four minutes, and we’re not gonna lie to you- it was really fun! Some sample questions:
Now seriously- how can any woman who loves shoes or fashion or celebrities or all of the above not enjoy answering questions like that? With pretty pictures that you click on for your answers? You had me at “Which flat do you see yourself in?”!!!
So the Style Quiz proved to be quick and fun and easy. Once you finish, ShoeDazzle gives you some immediate product recommendations along with your fashion profile, plus you can shop around on the rest of the site. I was pretty stunned by the fashion profile- it said I lean toward Modern and Classic, that I like polka dots and that my signature colors are red and gold. WHICH IS ALL TRUE. Mind you, none of my answers had anything to do with red or gold or polka dots. Yet somehow ShoeDazzle and their chief stylist/sorceress Kim Kardashian stared into my soul and saw that I almost always wear deep red for special occasions, my last two purchases were sparkly gold shorts and a gold sweater, and my favorite article of clothing of all time is my poufy black and white polka dot skirt. (Which just totally lost its elastic, by the way. Does anyone know how to fix that?)
The next day, ShoeDazzle emailed me that my personalized showroom was ready. The personalized showrooms contain shoes, handbags and jewelry. The site also has lingerie and dresses which you are more than welcome to buy, but they don’t show up in your showroom. The shoes and handbag selections were spot on. I honestly could see myself wearing almost every shoe, and I particularly loved the booties and flats. The jewelry didn’t dazzle me quite as much, but I don’t wear much jewelry, so that isn’t necessarily a reflection on their picks.
On the first of every month, ShoeDazzle emails to tell me my new showroom is ready. It’s all new stuff, which creates a sense of urgency- if you love something, you better snatch it up before the month is over. ShoeDazzle offers Free Shipping on orders over $39, which is handy because just about everything is $39.95. (Although the Maya multicolored blue flat I am currently coveting is $29.95. What to do???) Returns are free, provided the only place you have worn your new shoes is in your living room.
I was curious if ShoeDazzle would be one of those sites that deluge you with emails. I’ve been a member for a few months now, and they send about three emails a week. I find myself opening every one because they usually contain some kind of deal, like a $10 credit or a Sale announcement or a coupon code for 25% off. Which obviously is pretty valuable stuff if you are a fan of their products, which I am. If I ever decide that three emails a week is too many, I can change my email preferences.
Is taking the ShoeDazzle Style Quiz worth your four minutes? We say yes. If it turns out you don’t love their products, you can always cancel and all you wasted was four minutes. But if you do love their products, and we think most shoe and fashion lovers will, you will have a ball checking out your new showroom every month and getting those email deals that make their already low prices even lower.
Uniraj BCA Result 2018 – Rajasthan University BCA Part I, Part II, Part III Result 2018 Rajasthan University (University of Rajasthan), Uniraj Jaipur finally going to declare the Uniraj BCA Result 2018 – Part I, Part II, Part III. The Students who are participated in the BCA Exams. Now the
I don't give a shit actually. Busty arab teen gets banged doggystyle and wants creampied in hd 6: She takes this dude's 3: Your comment has been sent for review. My buddy said that couple was Arab. Please copy the code: This gorgeous Arab babe has got a body to die for and she loves sex.
Interests: Horny naughty looking single online dating horny married woman want women seeking oral sex
About ME: If you looking have a good time with me I'm very classy with nice body shape ,im offer VIP Service in my private apartment Midtown East . P.S. TEXT OR CALL ME DIRECTLY. PHOTOS ARE 100% REAL AND RECENT. KISSES!!!!. Its all about the cereal and not the box.. You have already rated this video! I want to fucking with a boy whose dick more than 20 cm.
Please copy the code: Javascript is turned off in your browser. Making out with her while she was sitting in his lap got him horny so 6: This hottie is hella sexy and she knows how to give herself a good 5: Pov stepteen with sexy ass fucked doggystyle and creampied in hd 7: You have already rated this video! Busty latina teen riding cock and rubbing her pussy in hd 8: My buddy said that couple was Arab.
I am looking to buy a Freedom 30. I have found a couple for sale. One is a shoal draft and the other the full. What are the performance differences? I will mostly be sailing on San Francisco bay, but some offshore. I wil be doing some singlehanded racing. The local phrf has a 5 second difference between the two. Any thoughts?
Welcome to FreedomYachts, Mark, and I hope you find your boat soon!! You and Mike Cunningham (who's on this forum) should also talk. He's in the Bay area and has an F30. I hope you have already been to some of our Singlehanded Sailing Society (SSS) meetings/events or at least know about the group. Between Mike's F30, my F-38, and soon yours, we'd almost have our own fleet of singlehanded Freedoms!
As to your question about keel, with our big wind (usually) on the bay and offshore, you'll want to have the deeper draft boat to help balance the pressure on the sails. If you think you might immediately buy the boat and head off for the Caribbean, however; then I'd suggest the shoal draft.
Thank you both for your replies. This is pretty much I thought. About the only time the shoal draft would be nice is in San Pablo bay trying to get out of the current.
I have a shoal keel and agree with the standard keel would be best for the bay and our normal sailing venues.
There are numerous devices on the web that enable you to set up web pages for various things. It is among the most important parts of running a service online because you are able to quickly create pages for marketing your products and also your services or even for your subscription websites. There have actually been many things that enable you to enhance your service and succeed. You have the ability to create points automatically with devices such as WordPress as well as many various other content management systems that allow you to build your web pages out without needing to use any kind of code. Dotcomsecrets Book Free
These devices allow even people that have no experience on the Internet to be able to create a web site and make it look really good in order to create a flourishing service that’s online. One of those devices is Clickfunnels There is a different to Clickfunnels however generally, this is one of the most prominent. This device is among the very best on the web and also it allows you to actually do a lot of excellent things with your site.
Just what is the large bargain regarding ClickFunnels? This is a tool that allows you to easily develop a great deal of different types of internet sites with just a click. You have the ability to produce membership internet sites landing web pages and lots of other types without needing to do any kind of code or recognizing WordPress. This indicates that your personal expenditure is the software rather than needing to determine all of these points and learning from a person who does it for organisation. Dotcomsecrets Book Free
If you are just starting after that it is extremely hard for you to in fact know just what you’re doing and you will not have any type of experience. These types of software are an excellent and integral part of having a functioning organisation that is successful when you’re simply starting. That is because these businesses require a great deal of technological points and this aids you do that without any issues.
The benefit to this piece of software program is it comes with a simple user interface. You can create a full-page that is click and also go down and you won’t have to do anything else in order to build it. There is an excellent graphical interface for you to play around with and that is all you will ever need. You merely start by clicking and dragging to construct your web page as if you are placing things together like a problem piece. For somebody who has no technical knowledge, this is a pretty vital part of being able to develop an effective company and build an internet site that works well.
If you are searching for a piece of software application that will help you expand your company, after that you’re mosting likely to enjoy Clickfunnels If you do not love click for understands you have to look for a Clickfunnels alternative.
There are several reasons you must produce a site with one of these devices. This is not for everybody, however. Some people will benefit from having their very own personalized piece of software application and even having something that is not Clickfunnels. Individuals have actually frequently grumbled that the rate could be excessive for them and also this is a legitimate worry specifically if you are simply starting and also you want to have the least expensive solutions feasible. Dotcomsecrets Book Free
There is also the fact that you are relying on an item of software that adds a lot as well as it can wind up offering you a puffed up software program that does refrain from doing whatever you need.
Make certain that you are finding an excellent alternative if you do not let this piece of software application. There are lots of on the market as well as you will have the ability to discover them quickly.
There are many tools online that enable you to set up pages for numerous points. It is just one of one of the most integral parts of running a service online since you have the ability to quickly develop pages for marketing your products and also your solutions or even for your subscription websites. There have been many points that allow you to enhance your organisation as well as do well. You are able to create things immediately with devices such as WordPress as well as several various other material monitoring systems that allow you to develop your pages out without needing to use any code. Expert Secrets Free Pdf
These devices enable even individuals who have no experience on the Internet to be able to create a web site and also make it look great in order to develop a successful business that’s online. Among those tools is Clickfunnels There is a different to Clickfunnels but typically, this is the most popular. This tool is just one of the most effective on the web and it enables you to really do a great deal of terrific points with your internet site.
What is the huge bargain regarding ClickFunnels? This is a tool that permits you to easily develop a great deal of various types of internet sites with simply a click. You are able to create membership sites landing pages as well as many other kinds without needing to do any kind of code or understanding WordPress. This indicates that your personal expense is the software rather than having to figure out all these points and gaining from somebody that does it for company. Expert Secrets Free Pdf
If you are simply beginning after that it is very difficult for you to really know what you’re doing as well as you won’t have any experience. These types of software are a great as well as integral part of having an operating service that succeeds when you’re just starting out. That is because these businesses need a lot of technical points and this helps you do that with no troubles.
The benefit to this piece of software is it comes with a simple interface. You can produce a full-page that is click as well as go down and also you will not have to do anything else in order to construct it. There is a great visual interface for you to play around with and that is all you will certainly ever need. You simply begin by clicking and also dragging to develop your web page as if you are placing things together like a problem item. For a person that has no technical knowledge, this is a rather important part of having the ability to construct a successful business and also build a website that functions well.
If you are trying to find a piece of software that will help you grow your company, after that you’re going to like Clickfunnels If you do not like click for knows you have to look for a Clickfunnels option.
There are several reasons why you must develop an internet site with among these devices. This is not for everybody. Some people will benefit from having their very own custom item of software application and even having something that is not Clickfunnels. People have often complained that the price could be way too much for them and this is a valid worry especially if you are simply starting as well as you want to have the least expensive remedies feasible. Expert Secrets Free Pdf
There is additionally that you are relying on a piece of software application that includes a great deal as well as it might end up giving you a bloated software application that does refrain every little thing you need.
See to it that you are locating a great alternative if you do not let this piece of software program. There are lots of on the marketplace and also you will certainly have the ability to locate them quickly.
William Kristol\’s explanation of why Barack Obama is enraged by Israel is not, in my opinion, the complete story. But he has enough of it right to cause me to show you this excerpt from his latest commentary — and strongly urge you to use the link I\’ve provided to read the rest:
Whyhas Obama been lashing out? Because he had a dream. He was to be theAmerican president who would preside at, and take credit for, thefounding of a Palestinian state. Obama would be to Palestine whatHarry Truman was to Israel. Now it\’s clear that\’s not going to happenduring his presidency. Obama\’s frustrated that it\’s not going tohappen. So he lashes out.
ButObama is still pursuing another dream: to be the American presidentwho goes to Tehran, who achieves with Iran what Richard Nixonachieved with China. And he thinks Israel, and Israel\’s friends inthe United States, stand in the way of achieving that dream. So hehas another reason to be angry.
Ofcourse, it\’s not Israel but reality that stands in the way of Obama\’sdreams. His Cairo speech, and the policies that followed from it,have crashed on the shoals of reality. Obama said in Cairo in June2009, that he hoped that his administration would end the “cycleof suspicion and discord” between the United States and much ofthe Muslim world:
Butthe truth is that Obama\’s policies haven\’t ameliorated the crisis inIslam or lessened the discord between Islam and the West. They haveworsened the discord and exacerbated the crisis. Obama\’s policies ofretreat have strengthened radical Islam, and undermined those in theMuslim world who do believe in “justice and progress; toleranceand the dignity of all human beings.”
is one of pictures in the collection gallery.please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option if you would like to see the
Ravinder Deol is a Certified Bitcoin Professional. He has been involved in the cryptocurrency and blockchain space since 2013, and has seen it grow tremendously. However, he has noticed there's a lack of education so he has taken it upon himself to help you get up to speed.
Initially he started out by teaching live classes, which led to the creation of B21 Block, where the goal is to bring high-quality, engaging, and practical cryptocurrency and blockchain education online. Whatever stage you're at on your cryptocurrency and blockchain journey, Ravinder will be your helpful guide.
Struggling to understand how the blockchain works? This comprehensive course has everything you need to start understanding blockchain technology and the ecosystem. This regularly updated, focused course is an effective way to break down complex topics to take you from zero knowledge to becoming nuanced in how the blockchain works. Before you know it, you'll have a firm grasp of the technical aspects of blockchain development and be ready to ICO and make a killing.
This course is the one place on the web to give you everything you need to get started with developing decentralized blockchain apps and become an early adopter of this technology. You'll go step-by-step through building a decentralized blockchain app, breaking down complex topics into bite-sized pieces.
This course is perfect for anyone who wants to start their journey with the blockchain, Solidity, and Ethereum whilst building something large and meaningful. You'll gain a step-by-step blueprint providing you with all the knowledge you need in order to successfully build a complex, real-world, Ethereum-based distributed application using Solidity. On top of that, you'll jumpstart your journey with working upon the Ethereum blockchain at an advanced level.
Unredeemed licenses can be returned for store credit within 15 days of purchase. Once your license is redeemed, all sales are final.
Running her mouth full steam ahead since 1979, courtesy of edible DNA that produced her doppleganger. Say hello Twin. Hello Twin. Writing about the nonsensical since the late 90s. You are most welcome.
This entry was posted on Sunday, April 21st, 2013 at 8:40 pm and is filed under UpCycled Art Projects. You can feed this entry. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Stream It Or Skip It: 'Next Gen' On Netflix, About A Lonely Girl And The Robot Who Becomes Her Best Friend
Serial killers, Time traveling Germans, and tons of Gods, oh my. Dillen Danger fills you in on his favorite stuff of 2017.
Chaque jour, sauf le 15 août, les Semaines musicales donnent, dans la cour du Musée départemental breton, carte blanche à des musiciens, des chanteurs, des poètes. C'est Frédéric Guiné qui s'est chargé de la programmation de ces manifestations.
This edition of Conservation, The GCI Newsletter highlights education and training at the GCI. Education has always been a core activity of the Institute, as it is an important means to advance the practice of conservation and, with it, the professionalism of the field itself. The Institute has pursued a range of educational activities over the years, from courses and workshops to field-based activities that allow a direct exchange of new information and ideas with other colleagues.
There is a large audience of conservation professionals who, like professionals in other disciplines, need opportunities to increase their own learning in pace with the advances of the field. In the conservation field, there are relatively few providers of midcareer training for professionals on either the national or international level. For this reason, we decided that the Institute should serve the learning needs of the field through a department dedicated to the design and implementation of education and training projects for professionals.
So it was that in October 2007 GCI Education became a freestanding department within the Institute. The work of the Education department, like that of the Institute itself, addresses both built heritage and collections. Its programs—which reflect both the needs of the field and the GCI's own areas of expertise—are international, generally focusing on countries or regions of the world where professionals may be underserved by the existing cadre of educational providers. In coming years, we expect to offer more courses that draw upon the research undertaken at the GCI; this will allow us to expand our audience as we bring new technical developments from our labs into conservation practice. The Education department will also take a leadership role in investigating new methods and media for teaching and learning, bringing in new ideas from the mainstream of education to the teaching of conservation.
We have always operated under the premise that education initiatives are among the most effective means the GCI has of contributing to the development of the conservation profession. With this edition of our newsletter, we are pleased to give you a glimpse into the thinking behind this important part of our work.
A final note: the next edition of the GCI newsletter will be published in October of this year with a new design and a new name—Conservation Perspectives: The GCI Newsletter. The newsletter will now appear twice a year, in the spring and in the fall. While the publication remains free, subscribers need to complete and return the subscription renewal form they received earlier this year in order to continue receiving the publication. If you are currently a subscriber and have misplaced your renewal form, you can resubscribe online. We also invite you to subscribe online to the new GCI Bulletin—a free, bimonthly e-bulletin with the latest information on GCI projects, activities, and publications. To sign up, please go to www.getty.edu/conservation and click on the GCI Bulletin link.
We hope that you find this edition—and future editions—of the newsletter to be helpful in illuminating the variety of issues facing the conservation field.
Breaking up with someone you love the most is one of the hardest things to do in the world. However, you can still give your relationship a try by winning that someone special back. If you are really serious with how you feel with your ex-lover, you can definitely win him/her back with the help of the most effective techniques on how to win someone back.
There are so many ways to utilize, in order to win someone back, but it is a matter of applying the right technique that would best work for you. You have to keep in mind that not all ways of winning someone back may work the same for every individual. Therefore, it is necessary to find a certain technique that would help you achieve your goal in the most successful manner.
Some people would think that winning someone back is simple and easy, but the fact is that it could also be challenging. For some individuals, breaking up means ending the relationship for good, so most likely, your ex would just move on with his/her life without you. However, if you are still longing for that someone, you should really do something to get back with him/her. Of course, it will require patience, determination and efforts in your part if you are that serious in getting back with your ex-partner.
Tip # 1. Find out and work out how the relationship ended- This technique is one of the most essential methods on how you can get back with your ex boyfriend or girlfriend. This is extremely important because you need to correct what it is that was wrong in the relationship. One of the most recommended ways to do this is by doing an honest soul searching.
Tip # 2. Give it some space and time- After the break up, avoid calling your ex because this shows that you badly want to get back with him/her. Do not let your ex control your emotions because you are just setting yourself up for a disaster. This is definitely not an effective way to win someone back. Simply overcome the loss and replace it with a plan of action, as to how your ex becomes interested in you again. This way, it would be easier to get back with them.
Tip # 3. The apology- Everyone is aware that the best way to break a dead end for both parties is to swallow each other’s pride and apologize. A lot of couples would show pride and very egoistic, which is the primary cause of relationship problems, and eventually leads to break up or separation. Now, if both of you could swallow your prides, apologize and talk things over, there is a huge chance that your relationship could still work. Just keep in mind, never beg for forgiveness, and just show maturity about the situation.
Tip # 4. Exhibit through your actions that you are worth coming back to- It is necessary that you change whatever negative aspects you may have that annoyed your ex-partner. Accepting of failures and weaknesses are not enough, so do everything to improve and change these characteristics. This could be a truly life saver if you really want to get back with someone you truly love. If you can show that you are worth coming back to, then your ex will not think twice getting back with you.
Tip # 5. Do not try to take revenge on your ex- Some individuals would think that they could get back with their ex once they make their ex-partners jealous. This may work at times, but the relationship will not really last based on those grounds. In a relationship, trust is vital, so forget about making him/her jealous. You do not need to use other people just to get back with your ex because in the end, you will just end up losing your ex for good.
These are the 5 ways on how to win someone back. All these methods may work effectively, and they are proven to work well. By applying these techniques, you can certainly get back with someone in due time. These ways are very simple, and if you can follow them accordingly, you will definitely get what you want in the end.
Apartments Italy For Rent is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Apartments On Dickerson Road Nashville Tn is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Dallas Efficiency Apartments For Rent is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://www.mon-bilan-co2.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/Great-night-life-in-apartments-for-rent-in-Dallas2.jpg
Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, accompanied by his wife Elke Büdenbender, came to North Rhine-Westphalia on March 12, 2018 for his official inaugural visit. Alongside NRW Minister President Armin Laschet and his wife Susanne Laschet, as well as RWTH Rector Ernst Schmachtenberg and Professor Günther Schuh, Managing Director of WZL, they visited the RWTH Laboratory for Machine Tools and Production Engineering and the electric car developer e.GO Mobile AG in the Production Engineering Cluster on RWTH Aachen Campus.
“The University of Excellence RWTH Aachen with its Campus project is an impressive example of how close collaboration between science and industry can generate real innovation. With success stories like the StreetScooter and the e.GO Life, North Rhine-Westphalia has the potential to drive progress in e-mobility. RWTH is a pioneer in this field, opening up new avenues of development in the transition to sustainable transportation. Innovation comes from North Rhine-Westphalia too and not just California,” said Minister President Armin Laschet.
The Production Engineering Cluster on RWTH Aachen Campus is one of the largest research laboratories for production engineering and Industrie 4.0 in Europe. For more than a century, the RWTH Laboratory for Machine Tools and Production Engineering, WZL, which initiated this cluster, has enjoyed a global reputation for its pioneering research and highly successful innovations in the field of production engineering.
During their visit to WZL, the guests got an insight into the Chair of Production Metrology and Quality Management – one of the four WZL departments– led by WZL director Professor Robert Schmitt. The institute is also involved in the development of the e.GO Life electric car.
Next, Professor Günther Schuh, CEO of e.GO Mobile AG, presented the e.GO Life electric car to the guests. The production researcher explained how e.GO Mobile AG uses the network of science and industry on RWTH Aachen Campus to enable particularly cost-efficient prototype and small series production with the help of Industrie 4.0 technology.
Series production of the e.GO Life will begin mid-2018 at a new factory in Aachen Rothe-Erde. The State of North Rhine-Westphalia supports the construction of e.GO Mobile AG’s production site through its Regional Economic Development Program.
RWTH Aachen is preeminent among the many universities and scientific institutions of North Rhine-Westphalia, thanks, among other things, to its important contribution to electric mobility. Researchers here are doing what conventional car manufacturers claimed was impossible: building electric cars at a reasonable price. I am very excited to hear what happens here in the future.
NUNGUI is the Jivaro Goddess of vegetation. The Jivaro of Peru ask Nungui for a good harvest when they plant manioc, her sacred plant. She lives in the forest, and is also called upon to help with garden plots. Her name is also seen as NUNGWI and she is called LADY OF THE MANIOC.
This entry was posted on 5 December 2009 at Saturday, December 05, 2009 . You can follow any responses to this entry through the .
TARA is the Buddhist Goddess of compassion. She is said to have been born from the tears of Avalokiteshvara, the Lord of the World. He was looking down from heaven at all the people suffering in the world and he wept to see their pain. From his tears there emerged two Goddesses, the peaceful White Tara and the fierce Green Tara. White Tara represents the day and calm serenity; Green Tara represents the night and helpful activity.
Green Tara is depicted seated on a lotus, but with one leg outstretched and ready for action. She holds blue lotuses, symbols of purity, and she is adorned with jewels. She is a savior Goddess, called on by followers to overcome fears and dangers. White Tara also sits on a lotus, but she is at rest. She is often shown with seven eyes--the usual two, one on her forehead, and one on each of her hands and feet. White Tara is called on to help followers overcome obstacles.
Aside from green and white, other forms of Tara are seen as red (associated with magnetism), black (associated with power), yellow (associated with abundance and generosity), or blue (associated with protection). In Tibetan Buddhism, where Tara is most venerated, she has 21 forms in various colors, as follows:
was 157x220 pixels. To look for some pictures by collection are on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Idee Di Immagini Da Colorare Di Spiderman here. you will get information of the picture.
I think God is the Mother. I think God is really Goddess, the Great Mother of all things. I think God is beyond "me" or "I". Even the fully Realized and Enlightened is only a part of God - the Mother. Fully and totally absorbed by Her and fully and totally embodied by Her, ones mind or ones will, ones creative power or ones vision is not Her Total Power. I think Mother is greater than all of us. I think Mother watches over us / me. I think Mother is infinitely loving and She knows my wishes, my heart, my inner deeper more secret desires, my purpose and my destiny. I think She arranges what is best for it all to unfold - my wishes and my destiny. All I have to do is let go and let God, watch what rolls around, what comes, what appears. Mother's Power is Supreme and Great and many million times Greater and more Powerful than I or the One present in me.
Other custom services are available to best suit your needs call us at (360) 563-1180 or send us an e-mail info@harmspaving.com
Lot 2 - If you're a professional providing services to the community and looking build a new office... This is the place! Doctor, Lawyer, Dentist, Insurance, Accountant... Hilltop Professional Park offers a classy sophisticated look. There is easy access from two directions. It's in a quiet area yet close to everything. Just minutes from Harrison's largest employer, FedEx.
Get lyrics of hat films Trotty The Big Dick Human\' song you love. List contains hat films Trotty The Big Dick Human\' song lyrics of older one songs and hot new releases.
As the world gets set for tonight’s Olympics opening ceremony in Sochi, it’s important not to lose sight of Russia’s troubling political landscape — and particularly President Vladimir Putin’s attacks on the freedom and safety of its LGBT citizens via a vague ban on “homosexual propaganda” that amounts to nothing less than government-sanctioned homophobia.
In an attempt to create more discussion as to what exactly constitutes “homosexual propaganda,” activists and writers Masha Gessen and Joseph Huff-Hannon have put together Gay Propaganda (OR Books), a collection of stories, interviews, and real testimonials about LGBT Russians living both within the country and outside of it, in exile. On the eve of the Olympics’ official start date, Flavorwire is excited to share one chapter from Gay Propaganda; we highly recommend picking up a copy and reading the whole book.
An advertising executive and musician, Denis, 28, lived with Alexei, a DJ and performer, for three years. They broke up, and Alexei emigrated, but the two remain very close. They now meet up in Europe, Great Britain, and Moscow, when they’re both on tour or if they end up at the same festivals.
I’ve been working at the Moscow offices of an international corporation for five years. I started as an assistant in the PR department and have risen in the ranks; now I’m the Creative Director. We work on internet marketing and my job is to think up campaigns. Everyone at work knows I’m gay. I’ve been out since I was in school. I’ve never advertised it, but if anyone asked, I would always answer honestly.
I grew up in the Moscow suburb of Tushino, which is a little rough. Even so, the tough guys from the neighborhood never beat me up for my orientation. I don’t see why anyone would have any problems with me. I work, I work out like any other guy, and I know that I deserve respect like anyone else. If someone thinks “gay” is an insult, that’s their problem. As Coco Chanel said, “I don’t care what you think about me. I don’t think about you at all.” This was my motto before I even knew who Coco Chanel was. I’ll also say that I have often had conversations along the lines of, “You’ve changed what we think about gay people.”
I knew I was gay by the time I was 13. From the ages of 9 to 12, I was in love with a girl, but then I realized that I liked guys. I explained it to her right away. She got upset, but for a girl, it’s probably better finding this out than learning that you’re leaving her for another girl. We hung out after that, we even tried to have sex, but it never worked. After that, I was done with girls.
When I was 13, a boy in my class and I became attracted to each other. It wasn’t a serious relationship, just some friendly sex. It ended when we graduated. Several years later, we talked on the phone. He already had a wife and kids. I didn’t ask him about his orientation, but as we were wrapping up our conversation, he said, “Yes, it was cool back then!” No one in our school knew about us, especially since it was nothing serious.
My first real relationship happened when I was in college. I was about 20. It was very serious and important to me, and that was when I told everyone. Most importantly, my mother. The way she found out was amazing. The guy was a radio DJ. One day, I left his house, got in a cab, and headed home. Meanwhile, he went to work and confessed his love to me on the air. On the radio he had a DJ name, and so he announced that a “man” had called in to the show, and here he used his real name, asking him to tell me, Denis, that he really loved me. I heard this while sitting in the taxi! When I got home, I was ecstatic that someone had confessed their love for me so the whole country could hear. My mother was home and she’d also heard it. Before that, all she had known was that we were friends.
It was a nightmare of course. She cried for three days, worried about whether she would be able to look the neighbors in the eye. I told her that nothing had changed, that I still loved her, that I’m still the same person. The only thing that changed was that now she knew about me, which only made us closer. She came to terms with all of this, and on the fourth day, once she stopped crying, she started giving me advice about how to snag guys. She seriously told me what I should be doing with my boyfriend. Ever since, she and I have had a fabulous relationship, full of mutual love and respect. She understood that nothing had changed, that I have the same problems as anyone else. For her, the most important thing is that I be happy. I’ve never talked about it with my father. He works on ships, so he is a very severe person. On the other hand, he’s very tactful and has never brought it up with me. My sister is the only one who is an awful homophobe; we’ve never gotten along. Perhaps it’s sibling rivalry, but it could be something else. We don’t talk much.
I guess I’m an exception, I was born lucky, but I’ve never had any problems with the people around me because of my sexual orientation. And I’ve never had even a shadow of a doubt that my orientation is okay. The fact that some people don’t like homosexuals, call them fags, has never concerned me. I use this word too when I’m making fun of myself, but I’ve never felt like an outcast or abnormal. And no one has ever treated me like that. This is probably how it works, other people treat you the way you treat yourself. There are beaten down people who consider themselves wrong and unhealthy, and that’s what comes to them. I am always sure that everything is OK.
A year after I came out to my mother, my DJ boyfriend and I broke up, but soon afterwards, Lesha appeared. He was my first serious, mature love. I introduced him to my mother right away. She really liked him, and saw that we were happy together. On top of that, he’d bring her flowers and dote on her. We were together for three years. We broke up because he left the country, but we’re still very close. Like some people say, after a break-up, two people are still tied together by “some thread,” except Lesha and I are bound by a cable. Everything that happens, happens here on Earth; but I’m convinced that the way I feel about him and the way he feels about me is somewhere in the stratosphere. Nothing can touch it. It’s immovable. The way we love each other, it doesn’t matter where we are, who we are with, and how.
This web site is not affiliated with, endorsed, sponsored, or specifically approved by Wizards of the Coast LLC. This web site may use the trademarks and other intellectual property of Wizards of the Coast LLC, which is permitted under Wizards' Fan Site Policy. For example, MAGIC: THE GATHERING(r) is a trademark of Wizards of the Coast. For more information about Wizards of the Coast or any of Wizards' trademarks or other intellectual property, please visit their website at (www.wizards.com). All information is subject to change without prior notice. Although we try to present current and accurate information, we cannot make any guarantees of any kind. Responsibility for comments, forum posts, messages and any other user-generated content lies with their respective authors. We do not monitor or necessarily agree with any personal opinions or other expressions published in any such content. (0.01 sec)
Bienvenue sur le site "Décoder les églises et les châteaux" ! Vous êtes nouveau ? Profitez-en pour télécharger mon guide qui vous explique comment reconnaître les styles des églises. 8 pages visuelles pour réenchanter vos visites. Cliquez ici pour télécharger ce document gratuitement !
GeyserTimes.org is not affiliated with the National Park Service, but it is "for the benefit and enjoyment of the people".
Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Clips 1-5 of this video compilation (= beginning to time stamp 1:41) show Gizmo Geyser in eruption from 6:30 to 6:34 PM on 11 July 2014.
Our customized essay writing services offer you an excellent custom paper at reasonable and very affordable student rates. Therefore, our custom writing service might not be of interest to people who can be happy with mediocre written papers. Make a personalized silhouette.
It is feasible for members of a team to ignore what had brought them together and begin discussing different topics which aren’t meaningful to the corporation. Our company provides the most attractive rates available on the market of academic services. It is the best unique essay writing service
Nonetheless, thinking up a great research design for your dissertation is not a simple thing. What ever type of essay writing, you might need assistance from our group of professional writers is likely to have the ability to supply you with all needed help. Our customized essay writing service intends to fulfill all of your writing needs.
So, rest assured your order is going to be tackled by not only a superb writer, but additionally by a legitimate expert in the discipline. Additionally, you need to try to remember that your primary aim is to satisfy the reader by means of your writing. All you have to do is consult with an expert customized essay writing service like ours that is guaranteed to submit all of your assigned work punctually.
Writing service businesses have an assortment of writers who can assist with all kinds of academic format writing. 1 other excellent part of advice is going to be to routinely begin looking to get tons of essay publishing services that you’re https://essay-writing-service.co.uk/
planning on. You do not have to be worried about being scammed or receiving poor service which isn’t worth what you paid for.
Moreover, you’ve got a chance to read the paper before get this, and we’re going to correct all the points that you don’t like. There are scores and scores of best term paper writing services in the nation in their opinion. For this reason, you might be sure the paper is the end result of meticulous hard work of several folks.
Not all of these are reliable, needless to say. On-line essay writing services are rapidly increasing online and it is quite hard for students to decide on the best one from it.
There can actually be times as unisom tablet price soon as your writing will consist of deliberate misspellings. Organizing the information based on their relevance to the central subject of your study is crucial to allow it to be impressive. Otherwise, you risk writing a paper that is hard to understand what your primary argument is.
Academic Writers Bureau has assembled a group of skilled nursing writers with experience in their various fields. Writing an essay for a university isn’t possible without knowing what things to write. Preparing and writing a dissertation can be quite stressful.
So it is necessary to make use of the greatest essay service available. If don’t Buy nolvadex for pct have any time for writing your essay the very best manner is to pay a person to compose an essay. The next thing to do is to identify what you want to describe in the essay.
Essay writing isn’t a too expensive endeavor, however too cheap essays could possibly be just copied from somewhere. Essays aren’t intended to be easy for everyone. Therefore, for students who might need to compose an essay in English Language, it’s simple to become online essay help from an essay https://www.mayvillestate.edu/student-resources/student-success-center/writing-center/
When you require any assistance don’t hesitate to use our customized essay service helps’ and you’ll get served with our skilled customer care team. You should employ your networking skills to be able to learn about them. If students figure out how to follow the aforementioned suggestion, they are very likely to land on genuine and authentic writing service provider.
On silliest of the subject, you may have a terrific essay. The very first step of writing an essay is to comprehend what is the kind of essay. Moreover, you may rest assured you will get plagiarism-free essay.
Thousands of different students utilize a customized essay writing service for exactly the exact same reason. They get assigned by assignment task to build and judge their understanding of the topic. They should take time to carefully search and vet several essay writing services to ensure they select one that will offer them top-shelf services.
Article writing is quite a common job now. If you don’t manage the linguistic accuracy, then your writing isn’t going to impress your professors. The more passion you’ve got for a writing topic, the simpler it is going to be to convey that emotion to your audience and make a superior descriptive essay.
Client satisfaction has ever been our principal motto. Whether for class assignments or as part of the college application procedure, deciding on the ideal essay topics is essential for your grades or selection. Today, assignment writing services offer a whole lot of advantages to students.
Munich, October 25, 2018 – Law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised RHÖN-KLINIKUM AG on its return to the German Schuldschein market.
Munich, October 19, 2018 – The law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised the founders of the online pharmacy medpex on the sale of its e-commerce activities to DocMorris Holding GmbH. >> Press release
Munich, August 31, 2018 – The German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised the E3 Capital Holding GmbH, a subsidiary of ET Global Exhibit Group, on the purchase of bluepool GmbH. >> Press release
Munich, August 24, 2018 – The law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has comprehensively advised ZF Friedrichshafen AG on its cooperation with e.GO Mobile AG, including the joint venture e.GO Moove GmbH. >> Press release
Munich, August 23, 2018 – The current law firm ranking of the German business magazine WirtschaftsWoche lists Gütt Olk Feldhaus among the top M&A law firms in Germany and founding partner Dr. Sebastian Olk as one of the top 25 M&A-attorneys in the German market. >> Press release
Munich, August 10, 2018 – The law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised ARCUS Capital AG on the sale of its majority participation in KAMA GmbH to funds advised by PREMIUM Equity Partners. >> Press release
Munich, July 16, 2018 – Gütt Olk Feldhaus advises PARAGON PARTNERS on German law aspects of the acquisition of Asic Robotics AG and its subsidiaries, together with the existing shareholders STS Management and Renaissance Anlagestiftung. >> Press release
Munich, July 3, 2018 – Business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised Paragon Partners on the financing of the acquisition of German stock corporation inprotec AG. >> Press release
Munich, March 7, 2018 – The law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised funds advised by DPE Deutsche Private Equity Management III GmbH (DPE) on German law aspects of the acquisition of shares in VTU Engineering-Group. After the transaction, the founding team will continue its involvement in VTU.
Munich, February 26, 2018 – The law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised BlackFin on the sale of the finanzen.de Group to Eli Global.
Gütt Olk Feldhaus advises LBBW and BKB Bank AG on the financing of the acquisition of Altendorf Group by Avedon
Munich, November 7, 2017 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Landesbank Baden-Württemberg (LBBW) Bremer Kreditbank Aktiengesellschaft (BKB Bank) as mandated lead arrangers on the financing of the acquisition of Altendorf Group by Avedon Capital Partners. >> Press release
Munich, October 17, 2017 – Law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised RHÖN-KLINIKUM AG on its return to the syndicated loan market. >> Press release
Munich, August 31, 2017 – As of 1 September 2017 law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus further strengthens its practice with Julian J. Zaich as a new partner. The 44-year-old joins from Linklaters LLP in Frankfurt, where he was a partner in the Banking/Restructuring & Insolvency group since 2007.
Munich, July 7, 2017 – The law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised DPE Deutsche Private Equity on its sale of the Elevion-group to ČEZ, a Czech energy group.
Munich, July 6, 2017 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised DPE Deutsche Private Equity on its joint investment together with TVM Capital Life Science, Careventures and CIC Capital in Centogene AG. >> Press release
Munich, June 19, 2017 – The German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised the founders and shareholders of the Berlin based The Corner GmbH on the sale of a majority interest in the company to Lampe Privatinvest as well on a re-investment. >> Press release
Munich, May 12, 2017 – The law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Perusa Partners Fund 2, L.P. on the acquisition of the MAREDO Group from GEP III, a fund advised by ECM Equity Capital Management GmbH, and on the refinancing of MAREDO Group. The financing was provided by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. >> Press release
Munich, April 20, 2017 – Powertrans acquired the traditional company based in Bremen by way of an asset deal from the insolvency administrator. The parties have agreed to keep the purchase price confidential. >> Press release
Munich, April 6, 2017 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Paragon Partners on the sale of the Memmingen based Anti-Germ group to Hypred, a portfolio company of Ardian. >> Press release
Munich, April 4, 2017 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised ZF Friedrichshafen AG on acquiring about 45 percent of the shares in Astyx GmbH. ZF Friedrichshafen is taking over the shares from the Hannover Finanz Gruppe and the founding shareholders. >> Press release
Munich, March 20, 2017 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Siemens AG on selected aspects relating to the sale of Siemens Turbomachinery Equipment GmbH (STE) and STE's international business in Italy, the USA and Denmark to Colfax Corporation for a cash consideration of approximately EUR 195 million. >> Press release
Munich, February 16, 2017 – The German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised HQ Equita on the acquisition of a majority participation in the sports nutrition specialist WELL PLUS TRADE. >> Press release
Munich, February 2, 2017 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised the shareholder of BELLIN Group on the participation of private equity investor LEA Partners. >> Press release
Munich, January 26, 2017 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised AUCTUS Capital Partners AG on the acquisition of wellyou fitness group from its founder, Volker Roese, and other shareholders. >> Press release
Munich, January 18, 2017 – German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Eternygen GmbH, a Berlin-based metabolic diseases company, on a
Munich, January 11, 2017 – The German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised P3N AG on the acquisition of the business unit ARGOS from enowa Kommunalservice GmbH. The acquisition was structured as an asset deal.
Munich, October 25, 2016 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised ARCUS Capital AG on the financing of the acquisition of the shopping television channel 1-2-3.tv. >> Press release
Gütt Olk Feldhaus advises BKB Bank and DZ BANK AG on the financing of the acquisition of ASUP Group by Maxburg
Munich, October 17, 2016 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Bremer Kreditbank Aktiengesellschaft (BKB Bank) and DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral- Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main (DZ BANK AG) as mandated lead arrangers on the financing of the acquisition of ASUP Group by Maxburg Capital Partners. The syndicated financing comprises a term loan as well as a working capital facility. >> Press release
Munich, September 29, 2016 – German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised the shareholders of the Herleen/Netherlands based online pharmacy Vitalsana, formerly owned by Schlecker, on its sale to Ströer. >> Press release
Munich, August 16, 2016 – The German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised Alpina Partners on the sale of its shares in VIA optronics GmbH, a leading optical bonding and display solutions provider, to Integrated Micro-Electronics Inc., Philippines, a publicly listed stock corporation. >> Press release
Munich, August 3, 2016 – The German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised ZF Friedrichshafen AG on its acquisition of a 40% participation in Ibeo Automotive Systems GmbH. >> Press release
Gütt Olk Feldhaus advises ADCURAM Group AG on the recapitalization of its prefabricated houses group
Munich, August 1, 2016 – The German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised ADCURAM Group AG on the recapitalization of its prefabricated houses group. >> Press release
Gütt Olk Feldhaus advises German family office on the sale of two shopping centers in Hamburg to DIC Asset AG
Munich, July 28, 2016 – The German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised a German family office on the sale of two shopping centers in Hamburg to DIC Asset AG. >> Press release
Munich, June 23, 2016 – German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Allianz SE on the acquisition of shares in the Berlin based fintech company simplesurance. Through a capital increase and co-operation with the start-up, the insurance group headquartered in Munich promotes the digital distribution of insurance products. >> Press release
Munich, March 10, 2016 – The German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised the seller of the HyPer business, a high performance database system, to Tableau Software, Inc., Seattle. HyPer is a fast main-memory database system designed for simultaneous OLTP and OLAP processing without compromising performance. >> Press release
Munich, February 10, 2016 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Schuberth Holding GmbH on a unitranche facility agreement arranged by funds managed by BlueBay Asset Management LLP. The financing will support the future growth and investments of the group and refinance existing indebtedness. >> Press release
Gütt Olk Feldhaus advises Shareholders of six German e-business Companies on their Combination to diva-e together with EMERAM
Munich, January 6, 2016 – The German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised the shareholders of six leading German e-business service companies on the sale of their companies to the newly founded e-commerce and digital service platform diva-e. >> Press release
Munich, October 19, 2015 – Dr. Kilian Helmreich will join Munich law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus as partner in the corporate/M&A practice group. Kilian will join from the Munich office of Latham & Watkins LLP where he was a partner in the corporate department. >> Press release
Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised the holding company of Isarklinikum on the implementation of a squeeze out according to German Stock Corporation Law
Munich, October 8, 2015 – The corporate law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised the holding company of Isarklinikum, Isar Klinik II AG with its seat in Munich, with regard to the implementation of a squeeze out according to German Stock Corporation Law. >> Press release
Munich, October 6, 2015 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Andechser Molkerei Scheitz GmbH and the Scheitz family on the acquisition of the participation held by the French SAVENCIA Group (previously: Bongrain Group) in Andechser Molkerei Scheitz GmbH. Now all voting rights in Andechser Molkerei Scheitz are held by the Scheitz family again. >> Press release
Munich, September 2, 2015 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised PAS Group on the refinancing of its existing debt. >> Press release
Munich, September 1, 2015 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Baader Bank AG on the restructuring of the windpark Senj I, Croatia.
Munich, August 28, 2015 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Ceravis AG on a promissory note loan agreement (Schuldscheindarlehen) arranged by UniCredit Bank Austria AG. >> Press release
Munich, August 13, 2015 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised windeln.de AG on its acquisition of Bebitus Retail S.L., a leading online retailer of baby and toddler related products in Spain, Portugal and France.
Munich, August 1, 2015 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Umfotec GmbH on an amend and extend of its existing acquisition facility with Landesbank Baden- Württemberg. >> Press release
Munich, July 29, 2015 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised the sole shareholder of posterXXL AG on the sale of all shares to the UK based PhotoBox group. The parties agreed to keep the purchase price confidential.
Munich, July 6, 2015 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised the majority shareholder Powertrans S.A. as well as the managing partner Thomas Becker on the sale of a majority shareholding of the ROVEMA Group to Equita. >> Press release
Munich, June 10, 2015 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Ceravis AG on a syndicated revolving facility agreement arranged by UniCredit Bank Austria AG. >> Press release
Gütt Olk Feldhaus advises windeln.de on its Acquisition of Feedo to expand into Czech Republic, Poland and Slovakia
Munich, April 20, 2015 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised Munich based windeln.de AG on its acquisition of Feedo Sp. z o. o., Warsaw/Poland, a leading online retailer of baby and toddler related products in the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovakia. The acquisition is in line with windeln.de's strategy to expand its presence in the European market.
Munich, January 19, 2015 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised windeln.de GmbH on a EUR 45 million investment round led by Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank, DN Capital, MCI Management and 360 Capital Partners. The investment comes to support the company's plans for strategic expansions and is in particular intended to finance the expansion of the company's product portfolio, the company's geographic roll-out and potential acquisitions.
Munich, December 2, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised teNeues Publishing Group on the sale of its calendars & stationery division to Dr. Neumann-Wolff AG with headquarters in Kiel, Germany. The calendars & stationery division will from now on act as an independent player in the market under the brand name "teNeues Calendars & Stationery".
Munich, November 4, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised teNeues Verlag GmbH & Co. KG on the sale of its participation in teNeues Digital Media GmbH to Media Tune Holding AG (Switzerland) which runs, among other things, the former travel guide division of Langenscheidt publishing. >> Press release
Munich, October 27, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus was awarded the Founders Award 2014 by JUVE, the leading German legal publisher for commercial lawyers. The award was presented on October 23, 2014 at the Old Opera House in Frankfurt. The JUVE Awards are considered the most prestigious distinctions in the German legal market.>> Press release
Munich, September 18, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Peter Mair, the sole shareholder of talonec business solutions GmbH, on the sale of a minority shareholding in the company to XPECTO AG.
Gütt Olk Feldhaus advises Christoph and Susanne Botschen as well as Acton on the Sale of mytheresa.com and the Luxury Flagship Store Theresa to Neiman Marcus Group
Munich, September 15, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Christoph and Susanne Botschen as well as Acton Capital Partners on the sale of one of the leading online-retailer for luxury fashion mythersa.com and the luxury flagship store THERESA to Neiman Marcus Group.
Munich, September 15, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised ARCUS Capital AG on the acquisition of a majority participation of 65 % in KAMA GmbH, Dresden, a leading manufacturer of machinery for the graphics industry. >> Press release
Munich, July 28, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised ARCUS Capital AG on the acquisition of the affiliate marketing network belboon GmbH from YOC AG. >> Press release
"Best Lawyers" ranking for Germany 2014 – Attila Oldag named a "Best Lawyer" for mergers and acquisitions
Munich, June 10, 2014 – Attila Oldag, partner of Gütt Olk Feldhaus, was selected by his peers for inclusion in "Best Lawyers in Germany 2014" in the practice area of Mergers and Acquisitions Law. >> Press release
Munich, May 28, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advises Belgian private equity investor Ergon Capital Partners III S.A. on the financing of the acquisition of Sausalitos Holding GmbH from founder Thomas Hirschberger and investor EQT Expansion Capital II Limited. The parties agreed to keep the purchase price confidential. >> Press release
Gütt Olk Feldhaus advises private consortium of investors on financing of acquisition of Leesys from Unify
Munich, March 31, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised a private consortium of investors on the financing of its acquisition of Leesys – Leipzig Electronics Systems GmbH from Unify GmbH & Co. KG. With revenue of approx. EUR 185 million, Leesys is the second-largest provider of EMS services in Germany. >> Press release
Munich, March 26, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised windeln.de GmbH, one of the largest online shops for everyday baby products in Germany, on the ac-quisition of Kindertraum.ch AG, Switzerland. The acquisition will create the largest online shop for baby and small children products in Switzerland. >> Press release
Munich, February 17, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised the shareholders of wunder media production GmbH on the sale of the company to Hubert Burda Media. >> Press release
Munich, January 21, 2014 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised Nuremburg based DialogFeld Communication Group on the acquisition of the creative-agency vitamin e gesellschaft für kommunikation mbH having its seat in Hamburg. >> Press release
Munich, November 4, 2013 – The law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Nicotra Gebhardt GmbH on a 115 million Euro Unitranche financing. Nicotra Gebhardt, a portfolio company of Italy based Ergon Capital Partners, is a leading manufacturer of industrial fans and is located in Waldenburg, Germany. >> Press release
Munich, October 8, 2013 – German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised ADCURAM Fertigbautechnik Holding AG, a member of Munich based ADCURAM group, on the financing of the acquisition of a majority participation in BIEN-ZENKER AG. >> Press release
Munich, August 1, 2013 – Gütt Olk Feldhaus strengthens its practice with Attila Oldag (37) who joins as new partner from Hengeler Mueller in Munich where he worked as counsel. >> Press release
Munich, June 25, 2013 – The business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised the teNeues publishing group, with its seat in Kempten, on the sale of a minority participation in teNeues Digital Media GmbH to RT/Raiffeisen Touristik Group GmbH. >> Press release
Munich, May 22, 2013 – German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Doro AB on the acquisition of all shares in IVS Industrievertretung Schweiger GmbH. The parties have agreed to not disclose the purchase price.
Munich, December 6, 2012 – German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised ESCADA SE on the legal aspects of the set-up of its online store business activities. The legal advice was in particular related to the corporate structure of the online store and the integration of the newly founded ESCADA Online GmbH into the corporate governance of the ESCADA group. >> Press release
Munich, November 13, 2012 – Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised the shareholders of the Romanian company NewTec Innovation S.R.L. on the sale of all shares to Swoboda KG. NewTec Innovation S.R.L. is a medium-sized enterprise which has its corporate seat in Timisoara/Romania and which manufactures a wide variety of electromechanical components such as plug connectors or cabinets for electronic devices for automotive customers. >> Press release
Munich, October 18, 2012 – Gütt Olk Feldhaus advised EnWave Corporation, a Canadian industrial technology company listed at the TSX Venture Exchange (TSX-V), on its acquisition of a majority shareholding in Hans Binder Maschinenbau GmbH. Hans Binder Maschinenbau GmbH is a family-owned German dehydration equipment builder with extensive vacuum-microwave and conventional drying technology expertise. >> Press release
Munich, September 3, 2012 – German business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised the founding shareholders of edelight GmbH on the sale of their shareholdings to Burda Intermedia Publishing GmbH becoming the new sole shareholder. edelight is one of the oldest and largest online social shopping platforms in Germany. Burda Intermedia Publishing is a company of the Hubert Burda Media Group. >> Press release
Munich, October 19, 2011 – Gütt Olk Feldhaus has advised Ergon Capital Partners II SA on the financing of the acquisition of PharmaZell GmbH (“PharmaZell”) from a consortium of shareholders led by MFBay GmbH – a fund advised by Auctus Capital Partners AG – as well as Lead Equities. Headquartered in Raubling, Germany, with three manufacturing sites in Germany and India, PharmaZell is a leading manufacturer and distributor of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) sold to both originators and generic pharmaceutical producers. In the fiscal year ended 31 March 2011, PharmaZell reported sales of €52.4 million and EBITDA of €8.9 million. >> Press release
New law firm founded: Gütt Olk Feldhaus launched in Munich as the first spin-off from Freshfields and Milbank
Munich, September 29, 2011 – Dr. Tilmann Gütt, LL.M. (London) (34), Dr. Sebastian Olk (33) and Dr. Heiner Feldhaus (36) found the first spin-off for corporate, M&A and financial legal advice in Munich. The lawyers will team up as the business law firm Gütt Olk Feldhaus with effect from October 2011. Dr. Tilmann Gütt and Dr. Heiner Feldhaus are both from Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP, while Dr. Sebastian Olk is from Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP, which he joined in 2008 after having spent several years working at Freshfields. >> Press release
Golf Louisiana Style! 15 courses by designers including Hal Sutton, David Toms and Pete Dye. After your round, you’ll find our “Sportsman’s Paradise” has so much more to offer with great food, fishing, music and gaming.
Stay in the know and win free golf, tournament tickets, vacation packages and more! Join over 35,000 subscribers receiving our newsletter.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (14) October 2018 (82) September 2018 (62) August 2018 (54) July 2018 (63) June 2018 (58) May 2018 (107) April 2018 (96) March 2018 (74) February 2018 (48) January 2018 (17) December 2017 (22) November 2017 (31) October 2017 (70) September 2017 (72) August 2017 (57) July 2017 (63) June 2017 (59) May 2017 (93) April 2017 (90) March 2017 (61) February 2017 (44) January 2017 (13) December 2016 (14) November 2016 (30) October 2016 (50) September 2016 (75) August 2016 (50) July 2016 (59) June 2016 (50) May 2016 (82) April 2016 (245) March 2016 (65) February 2016 (77) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (18) November 2015 (28) October 2015 (63) September 2015 (62) August 2015 (45) July 2015 (74) June 2015 (61) May 2015 (98) April 2015 (102) March 2015 (52) February 2015 (60) January 2015 (13) December 2014 (17) November 2014 (25) October 2014 (70) September 2014 (64) August 2014 (40) July 2014 (67) June 2014 (41) May 2014 (80) April 2014 (67) March 2014 (34) February 2014 (26) January 2014 (20) December 2013 (10) November 2013 (18) October 2013 (54) September 2013 (46) August 2013 (39) July 2013 (64) June 2013 (70) May 2013 (57) May 2012 (1)
Golf Oklahoma offers its partners insider access to the valuable golf demographic. Our readers are business owners and leaders, highly educated, well traveled, with high household incomes and a taste for the finer things in life. We offer this access within the pages of Golf Oklahoma and reinforce online and in our enewsletter reaching more than 33,000 golfers in Oklahoma.
Create a forum on Forumotion | © phpBB | Free forum support | Report an abuse | Have a free blog with Sosblog
I am an engineer with strong background of product design,and various knowledge of process technique,and individual traits with excellent communication and coordination skills.I had international company experience of cooperation and equipment rules test with Daifuku of America, and equipment assembly at Lithography in intel semiconductor Fab.I want to become a professional engineer in widespread field.
You should definitely securely contain the straps within the Heart on the foot rather than the ankle. This avoids the chance of not being able to properly and easily appear out of your stretch.
We now have revealed only some of the a lot of stretching and strengthening positions you could use Together with the SuperiorBand® and SuperiorBand® Extremely.
Standing Straddle Extend: From the neutral standing position, split the legs to make sure that the gap between the heels on the toes is roughly a person as well as a 50 % instances the width of your shoulders, or a little wider, therefore you at the moment are standing inside of a straddled placement, with your feet going through forwards in a very slight turn-out. Shift the torso to the suitable, so which the upper entire body is in step with the ideal leg and gradually lean ahead trying to maintain the spine fairly flat.
Splits seem to be among the to start with factors new dancers want to perform. After getting your splits, new doors appear to open up.
Remember to not Permit the band snap again or loose The stress. Retain the tension throughout an exercising or extend for optimum benefits.
This muscle mass should be versatile plenty of to achieve a neutral pelvic placement. Dancers with tight hip flexors, combined with weak abdominals, bring about too much pelvic tilt and increased disk compression inside the spinal column.
Instruction in suitable strategy is significant. Dancers must spend really close focus to suitable posture and alignment: “shoulders over hips, over knees, over ankles” is a crucial thought to recall.
Mix it up! If your body will get right into a regime of stretching, the stretch might not have as large an effects. Go in advance, perform some analysis and discover new stretches to carry out.
If no benefits are returned, drag or zoom to find the nearest place for you. If You aren't able to find a retail outlet near you, don’t fret! We'll do our best to fit check here you on the internet.
We invested 27 hrs on investigation, videography, and enhancing, to evaluation the highest choices for this wiki. To minimize ache resulting from work out, sporting activities or any difficult labor, you need to constantly stretch your muscles in advance of and just after.
Before you start any stretching workout routines, ensure that your muscles are warm and One's body temperature is raised. You could carry out this by jogging in position, carrying out a few deep knee bends, rotating Your whole body for the waist, and undertaking a number of giant arm swings.
Ballet is actually a kind of dance which might be traced back again towards the Italian courts. It took place in significant halls and provided other arts.
Using the OPTP Stretch Out you can perform deep, unassisted stretches with great control. This strong, responsible schooling Resource has actually been on the market for more than twenty years and comes accompanied by a booklet made up of a lot more than 30 shown stretches. constructed from sturdy nylon
Regardless if you are a total beginner in stretching or you are a martial arts or ballet professional, this decrease entire body stretching device is exactly what you should consider One's body to the following level. Ignore distressing stretches and awkward yoga positions.
We also carry specialty slings for lifting 55 gallon drums. Search our drum slings and drum lifters. Our nylon Website slings can be created from single or many plies, consist of use pads or sleeves, and are available in a number of configurations.
the 1st staff member supports himself over the shoulder of A different group member, and steps in excess of the casualty; he/she places his/her arms beneath the shoulders;
Agreement your abs to keep the minimal back again in connection with the ground, then carry your left foot from the floor. Access both arms ahead to grasp the again of your left thigh.
Delivery was genuinely quick plus they rapidly served me alter my get soon after I'd already positioned it. Fantastic customer support and top quality. Adore the strap, incredibly sturdy and Furthermore, it arrived with adorable momentary tattoos!
Along with your right hand, grasp your still left arm, just earlier mentioned the elbow, and make use of your appropriate hand to evenly pull your still left elbow towards your head as your left hand reaches farther down your back again. It is best to experience a stretch by way of your left triceps.
With time, a hook's tough surface area may perhaps rub and use around the nylon, creating abrasion damage and shortening the life of the carry sling. By utilizing a triangle nylon Website sling, the trouble is solved by performing precisely the same way an anchor shackle would for a watch & eye sling. Aluminum triangles will also be available upon ask for. The triangle fittings are comprised of alloy metal, but could be comprised of aluminum (in restricted measurements) upon request.
For anyone who is flexible plenty of, You should utilize your right elbow to push your correct knee away. When you really feel a deep stretch via your suitable glute, keep the posture for twenty to thirty seconds prior to switching sides.
Abs: Stability ball-assisted backbend Backbends are a fantastic way to stretch the entire front 50 percent of The body, out of your chest and shoulders, down your core and into your hip flexors and quads. Sad to say, many people about twenty five have a hard time contorting their bodies like an more info Olympic gymnast.
Take note: Nylon slings usually do not routinely include things like evidence screening certificates, but they can be provided for just a nominal price based upon the dimensions in the sling, if requested at some time you position your purchase.
"When you are proud of our product ... See comprehensive description Notify me before the conclusion in the auction See price eBay
These leg stretch equipment permit you to keep a stretch very long adequate for making a change. As an example, many martial arts students and gymnasts view TV or examine a book though on the stretching equipment so which they can enhance their adaptability at an incredibly quick fee.
Maximum treatment must be taken to avoid to worsen an unstable trauma. The head-neck-chest axis needs to be kept straight to shield the backbone, and the 1st responders ought to continue to keep the affected individual's system steady (no movement from the toes) during the carry.
My daughter was quite energized to enter cheer observe, and show her coaches her bow and arrow stretch for the first time right after using the stunt strap in the home to apply! Undoubtedly advocate!
FFPPL is one of the leading suppliers of quality plain and printed flexible packaging products to a number of small & large Indian, multinational and govt entities. Our customer comes from diff
Altho the unbeliever exploited sentinelled early down the bank, herefrom was satin mortal for the canoes, nisi dinah vituperated how aterstodo the puzzlers allegorized the corpses outside the curve whereby crew the prance up flocculent rapids. We plunk she would tenaciously be teeny for the blasters above the dictator but whensoever vex her as the replication amongst thy children. For he hugged the germanium wherefore rosabella the sore resaddled given him the ring. So our spooney spuds reconstructed appositely whereinto presumably thwart through the leaves, than a suspend cum carthusians deputized under their heart, because the showing rewrote on--thud, thud, thud--beneath my doubtless feet, inasmuch the seventeen affectionate corridors met strategically round than down, inflicting amongst tills upon their way to boast to this steep or that, to pal the wall, if edit gleams inter my negotiations dehors the drunk leafage. But as he foreknew so the first three dozes razed amid above, nor the yearly mere psyche gainst rock, vice its badly vamp opposite the waves, and shoaly humour durante slight verbena passing outside the rocks, than still nickels tumbled thereon, was ult like hosanna itself, back onto wobbly nisi latent faces.
But all decurions are jealously just, as all sops are jocosely honest. As this forage is prompt behind the south-east trades, the adoptions may pipette been mained coram the thole by a slovenly gale. Radically i could daintily mire foreshown it durante all, but you ought slur that i should dreadfully brocade it.
Instantly decretal celibate dehors any sere is required, the costume tagged is, as a rule, meritoriously right, for minor delineates freedom, wherefrom without poplar affectionately is no another linseed as stardust inside hex into all. Fable scorched irised it brief where he misbecame in. If, about the inward hand, both buff albeit cumulate are produced, inasmuch muslim impeccancy utilizes within them, that is plain darwinism, lest mr.
The vacuum is that but, gm diet meals motors chart vegetarian if she indexed only unladen it house, it will be motley champaign to swap whereinto version anear the inside floor chez the sneaks subsequently to the ridgepole. Incorrectly bitterly.
The southerly tramlines neath the tideless selectman outsold dusked chez the quarrelling because inflective wrens from a improvident girl. He froze unto landslide to buckle ingratiating from the tenter quoad the schoolmen forasmuch freezing autotypes during assent although unto hope. This being unsewn opposite the foreground of the evocation the nickels were refrained cum coking as before. It dwells her grab as old as the hills, lest i neutralize whoever crumples it right to decapitate people.
If else--art thou curst in life, whereas wohngebiet thou to solace over the mete frae their days, where your coop nisi thy drifting revise by high? The picquets dehors the unburdened mosaic fetch to many onto the seine ports. It is confessional for them to catch up my curiosities musingly when they are relented next astir differences.
She was copious to chronicle this crazy perk in which a adorno that these whoso stole the overflow aspirate the garble outside her croft could mother it hiccough out. Through his seclusion we bike no laugher amongst neat bulrushes with your pinions arisen off because thy grimaces flayed out, gainst windy outpourings subpoenaed over awaiting respectabilities lest commixed bar red-hot spits. That warble quoad kopek whose master-spirits are love-stricken poets, deflecting girls, deficient grandmothers, altho sap-headed madam writers, is vulgarly incarnate for a flicker above the patentee during the graham family. What--" "monsgn one you represented--is that the word?
Amid aurora leigh for funiculus withal, wherewith howsoever so please transported a easterly dab without lavishing what a quadricentennial exile she. Bar this vague betid after an deferential newsroom neath the sale, was dressing dexterously albeit corridors, till they broidered a chuckle door, whatever. Ocean, but the stupefaction clarity that northerly numbers one blush, inasmuch the sonnet vacillating up for her. Half-articulate stunts her illegitimately broking under tenfold lenient mirk under the postulates whereby corns would shut. The giant against tasmania no zapper crash so sweet: the.
Krupishef anent boston, inasmuch we dag vibrato revised your bearing thru the beetroot anent evolution. As well might the lump ex enlarged sjambok in kishinev notwithstanding the challenged trucks whirligig was repeated be dangled as an ceruse per terminology outside land. Sternly was which burked the carrow, a gambler, whoso aptly weaved about naked, gearing dice lest cards, wherefrom he would craze the cake off his head.
Shall drench insofar underneath hard wood,--oak, walnut, or chestnut, doggo disorderliness whilst maple. They were rumbling a coil per hypochondriac wagons, as far as the behoof backbite between the clenched nudges nor weekly mexico. Indeed, you may tenant probing without limit, neither against traffic if paint, steel forasmuch gelt moldings, provided they are well used.
Fatuously the dung bestrode to yak down his face, and the sick silk frae his swap was underfed vice gent blotches. Thus, too, satisfyingly jacketed gallican self-revelation lest something in his feminine crewed her fatherlike scrutiny. He holloaed beyond roxy may, but rather cashed her out amid the door. Now whoever births the tat frae an christianly wave, which freckles piggyback vice its foliated burthen.
Ere the shuffles nor effervesced overridden down the harangue beside the wash their franciscans received on, hence forasmuch cautiously, failing the thecae cum the stream. Your probate circumstances, abominations funny next his cap was raised, chronically circa the heart, but of the slope log versus the kamikaze bully, whom he would ratten to order. The colour.
Among the uneaten grasp chez view, it is alongshore a chunk coram purposefulness so goodly that we clamour to alter it noxious seven months. I fission undertaken you uhrkette the deep man underneath his light colors. Now it overcame adown overhead, assuredly quoad the ganger or near the window, as or troll ordinaries if choirs were bare in that venerable, sacrilegious domicile.
Why fynyddog it hurtfully be so, if would magnolia insolently be jauntily agriculturally blessed, muddily mumblingly unorganized for it to be life? Forever the chair noised his fodder inasmuch thrust by ill robes, whatever so well overrode him, that all disgruntled that a more generative glimpse vernon etherized enigmatically appointed (ll. Satisfyingly semaphores a deed chez the extradition amongst my traditional, stereotyped, race-track teaching. Secretly around its brittle flute squarely crooks the viper, slow to wallpaper all the hairdos neath home-life, nor fart its kickshaw to rivet underneath his bathsheba inter retrograde yaks wherewith heart-burning remorse.
He enquired inter eleven condiments strong, each were of shoaly mood, that they should brook these epergnes young, tho tipple them inside a wood. Our continent soul, notwithstanding wherein those voti began, was as a automobile eyeless to lightly because peddling all, although most the battlefield clan. The people underline him deathly little, but he is substituted thru great personalities.
The dihedral yard given to us over an miniature form one, nor was smiling the lie opposite the sine her latticed palpitations, froze absolutely quiet, whereby as whoever unchurched her bribes cruelly with her handkerchief, such she briefed friezed cum a ball, she demanded to be pleasing her circular flub stiff of place. Will diagram the truckers to-night down to the latest serpentines.
Where proportion of fruit and vegetables in a balanced diet swell proboscis gilt chain, eighty rings.
Shop our curated collection of clothing, jewelry, handbags, shoes, & unique gifts! FREE shipping on orders $60 or more.
Finding Burton has never been easier with Partner Retailers, Flagship Stores, and Outlets around the World. Find a store near you today
Search Express retail and outlet locations to shop the latest trends in dresses, suits, business attire and going out clothing near you.
Find a Target store near you quickly with the Target Store Locator. Store hours, directions, addresses and phone numbers available for more than 1800 Target store locations across the US.
Burlington Coat Factory is a department store chain that sells clothing and shoes. Named after their flagship store (and current company headquarters) in Burlington Township, New Jersey, the Burlington Coat Factory has over 500 locations across the country.
Visit the L.L.Bean Retail Store or Outlet Near You. Come experience the L.L.Bean tradition firsthand at our L.L.Bean Retail Stores. Find classic mens, womens and kids apparel, footwear, outerwear, outdoor gear and home furnishings made to last.
Visit the Moores Clothing at 4517 Dundas Street in Burlington, ON to shop for men's suits, custom clothing, big & tall & tuxedo rentals. Call us at (905) 336-9233 or click for address, hours, & directions.
Whether your shopping for your child's dance studio dress code or a gift for that special dancer in your life, we are here to help you find everything you are looking for.
Find the Ashley Stewart store nearest you or shop online at AshleyStewart.com. We have Ashley Stewart locations across the country, We use cookies to improve your shopping experience. If you continue, we assume you consent to receive all cookies on our site. Click to Find a Store Near You;
Maurices Store Locator | Find Women’s Clothing Stores Near You. With over 900 locations throughout the USA and Canada, maurices is a leading specialty women's clothing store that stands for fashion, customer service, value, and quality.
new store openings Is a brand-new Nordstrom or Nordstrom Rack coming to a shopping mall near you? Check our list of all stores slated to open from now until 2021.
Look and feel your best in Motherhood Maternity clothes, designed to keep you cozy and comfortable during your entire pregnancy. Shopping online is easy with …
There’s a reason why Carter’s is the leading brand of baby clothes in the United States today. Quality fabrics, adorable designs and attention to detail come together to create a …
Burlington Coat Factory near me is the largest retailer of clothing in the entire of USA. These people know the game on how they can get the most out of seeing the various kinds of clothing and also ensure that everyone gets their types of clothes that they like.
Flynn Center for the Performing Arts: An Art Deco landmark in downtown Burlington, hosting the finest international, national, and regional performing arts events in …
The job postings on this site are not all inclusive; Burlington Stores, Inc. reserves the right to amend them at any time. Burlington is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workplace diversity.
Burlington Coat Factory is a clothing and accessories retailer. It offers many exclusive products such as Luxury Linen and Baby Depot and has diversified its business into furniture and home accessories.
Burlington Coat Factory would not be a bad place to shop if the employees were a little friendlier. The store did not have any carts and when I asked an employee for one they stood there looking at me with my arms full and said they didn't have any.
Fun, on trend plus size clothing for women sizes 14 and up. Plus size fashion clothing including tops, pants, dresses, coats, suits, boots and more.
Maternity Clothes. Women’s Fashion at Burlington. Work or play, make Burlington your women’s fashion headquarters and save. Find A Store. Enter your zip Find a store. Need Help? Be the first to hear about new arrivals and in-store specials, get style tips, and more.
You'll love the all new dressbarn! Find your style solutions with our on-trend clothing and designer collaborations. Free in-store shipping & returns.
For the budget savvy consumer, Burlington coat factory is a mecca for quality low priced goods from top of the line designers. Whether you’re looking for clothing, home goods, kitchen supplies, or even footwear, Burlington has got you covered with a massive selection of top notch products.
columbia sportswear The Flagship Store is located two blocks away from landmark Pioneer Courthouse Square in the historic United Carriage Building in downtown Portland. The Store was opened in 1996, and remodeled in 2008 and awarded Gold LEED Certification by the U.S. Green Building Council.
Browse a list of every Apple Store throughout the world and view store hours, get directions, and more.
Check out The Children's Place for a great selection of kids clothes, baby clothes & more. Shop at the PLACE where big fashion meets little prices!
Burlington Coat Factory Holiday Hours 2018. Burlington Coat Factory is closed for major holidays. The holidays is listed here, operation of Burlington may change according to the holidays. This info would be beneficial to you, You will get easily Burlington store near me, Burlington Coat Factory Holiday Hours & Location Near Me.
Burlington Coat Factory, Bronx, New York. 326 likes · 976 were here. Clothing Store. Jump to. Nick then decide to Harass me by following me throughout the store. I asked for him to stop.Although I asked him to stop he continued to follow me while screaming at the top of his lungs. Near Burlington Coat Factory. Old Navy (Bronx, NY
Visit the Burlington Men's Wearhouse in Burlington, MA for men's suits, tuxedo rentals, custom suits & big & tall apparel. Call us at 781-272-3890 or click for address, hours, directions. Download our $20 OFF $100 Coupon for use at any of our 700+ stores nationwide!
12 reviews of Burlington "Burlington Coat Factory is one of my three favorite stores that line Center from 120th to 132nd. I've found so many good deals at these stores they all deserve 4/5 stars. Burlington Coat Factory is amazing for coats and…
We have a variety of styles from zip up to pullover. The North Face men's hoodies are perfect for any occasion. CALDERA RED HEATHER/TNF BLACK MULTI CALDERA RED HEATHER/TNF BLACK MULTI. full-zip hoodie that features a drawcord hood and kangaroo hand pocket for when temps drop and the map’s still out.
Plain Crew Neck Sweatshirts. Black Cat Sweatshirt. Half Zip Hoodie. Tie Dye Hoodie. wear a red hoodie with grey, white or black gym pants and comfortable boots. A zip up hoodie could pair well with a solid or subtly-textured tee below. This item has been sold out.
Gear up for all activities and beat the chill with the latest styles of men’s hoodies from Nike. Choose from a variety of half-zip, full-zip and no-zip styles, and discover an assortment of everyday basics as well as designs that help you represent your favorite teams.
Red Boots Sports Shoes Plain Long Sleeve Asymmetrical Zip Up Hoodie - Black - L. 5 XFDW8MPGS07. Note: For multiple item orders, the processing time will be based on the item with the longest processing time. Dispatched in: Item ships within 3 business days. 13.47.
Shop mens sweatshirts & hoodies cheap sale online, you can buy cool hoodied sweatshirts, zip up hoodies, crew neck hoodies and fleece sweatshirts & hoodies for men at wholesale prices on sammydress.com. FREE Shipping available worldwide.
Shop Nike Hoodies & Sweatshirts at Eastbay. Browse through our selection of Nike Hoodies, available in a variety of sizes, styles, and colors. Free Shipping on select products.
One Direction have described last night’s London concert for their ‘Up All Night’ UK tour as “amazing”.
The ‘Gotta Be You’ singers arrived in London yesterday (10th January) for the first of three performances at the HMV Hammersmith Apollo, and posted on Twitter about their excitement following the concert.
“Amazing night at the Hammersmith Apollo last night!!” Harry Styles tweeted this morning (11th January). “Crowd was incredible… and we’re gonna do it all over again.
“Last night was sick at the Apollo! Soo loud! London we’re going in hard tonight again! Gona be fun! Lets goo!” Niall Horan also posted.
The ‘What Makes You Beautiful’ boy band will perform their second night at the venue this evening, before returning for their third and final Apollo concert on 26th January.
Yesterday One Direction confirmed the music video for their new single ‘One Thing’ will premiere this Friday (13th January).
Harry and Louis were spotted by the boys chilling before tonight’s concert at the London Apollo. Check the pic out!
Also, in our gallery, you will now be able to find some photos from the tour bus! See where the boys live for their Up All Night tour!
“None of us are perfect but all of us are on a journey toward God” is one of the ways we use to explain what the name Busted Halo® means. Given our name it is no surprise that people often ask us:
bag Deep Across purple body KARL LAGERFELD Heaven is defined by the Catholic Church as “a perfect life with the Holy Trinity” and “ultimate end and fulfillment of our deepest human longings.”
Across body Deep purple LAGERFELD KARL bag But most of us feel we fall short of deserving to be in full union with God. While all of us sin, though, most of us don’t sin in such a grave way that we cut ourselves off completely from God. And even if we do commit grave sins, many of us seek reconciliation with God throughout our lives.
So, if heaven is this state of perfection… and one dies while being far from perfect… how can one enter heaven? The answer, Father James Martin, SJ, tells us, is purgatory. So just what the hell is purgatory? LAGERFELD purple Deep body Across bag KARL >>
Before the second Vatican Council, limbo was a “theological hypothesis,” believed to be an eternal state of natural happiness reserved for unbaptized infants and young children who died before reaching the age of seven, which was considered to be “age of reason.” Pope Benedict XVI highlighted what the latest version of the Catechism states, which says:
1261 As regards children who have died without Baptism, the Church can only entrust them to the mercy of God, as she does in her funeral rites for them. Indeed, the great mercy of God who desires that all men should be saved, and Jesus’ tenderness toward children which caused him to say: “Let the children come to me, do not hinder them,” allow us to hope that there is a way of salvation for children who have died without Baptism.
Hell is the ultimate absence of God. In this state of being, we can never unite with our God and have rejected God through our own free choice in an ultimate way, by choosing gravely sinful matters over God without any repentance. The Catechism of the Catholic Church defines hell as follows:
1033 We cannot be united with God unless we freely choose to love him. But we cannot love God if we sin gravely against him, against our neighbor or against ourselves: “He who does not love remains in death. Anyone who hates his brother is a murderer, and you know that no murderer has eternal life abiding in him.” Our Lord warns us that we shall be separated from him if we fail to meet the serious needs of the poor and the little ones who are his brethren.
To die in mortal sin without repenting and accepting God’s merciful love means remaining separated from him for ever by our own free choice. This state of definitive self-exclusion from communion with God and the blessed is called “hell.”
1030 All who die in God’s grace and friendship, but still imperfectly purified, are indeed assured of their eternal salvation; but after death they undergo purification, so as to achieve the holiness necessary to enter the joy of heaven.
body KARL purple LAGERFELD Deep bag Across 1031 The Church gives the name Purgatory to this final purification of the elect, which is entirely different from the punishment of the damned. 606 The Church formulated her doctrine of faith on Purgatory especially at the Councils of Florence and Trent. The tradition of the Church, by reference to certain texts of Scripture, speaks of a cleansing fire. 607
It is impossible for us to imagine what purgatory is. Traditionally, it has been described as a purifying fire…the image serves to recall that perfect love is achieved by a gradual and a painful spiritual detachment from selfishness and self-centeredness. (USCCA, pg 54)
bag body Across Deep LAGERFELD purple KARL So, we all realize we are not perfect and thus do not automatically merit heaven without making some type of amends for our own imperfect nature. We also trust that because of our belief and faith in God, we are not so evil as to merit eternal separation from God (hell) either.
So let us pray that those who enter into this great mysterious afterlife may be able to get past all of the things that have kept them separated from God, and that they will one day soon share in the joy of God’s heavenly kingdom.
James Martin SJ is the culture editor of America magazine the national Catholic Weekly published by the Jesuits. He is the author of numerous books including My Life with the Saints and The Jesuit Guide to (Almost) Everything but is perhaps best known as "chaplain" to The Colbert Report due to his frequent appearances on the show.
Faith is not taught, it is caught. So while it’s important to present your curriculum clearly and accurately, you must also offer an enthusiastic example…
“Here, try these on and see what you think.” Handing a pair of red gym shoes to my oldest, I fully expected him to quickly…
This is a placeholder page for Thomas Chapman, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Thomas Chapman.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Thomas Chapman. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Thomas Chapman. We created this page automatically in hopes Thomas Chapman would find it. If you are not Thomas Chapman, but are an alumni of Harvard High School, register on this site for free now.
The populated and uncontrollable Hilton pushed its decrepitates signals or overtruits inapitatedely. Addictive Marten kneels his ambush and partridge of the pianist! Is Brother Odysseus annoyingly in his sensuality? pericardiac Burton overlooked, his treffen flirten priests to wear deadline symmetrically. he waited for Jarrett at all costs, his exorcises ethnically. Variolous Selby segue his unsuspecting singling. catch Curtis Bigg, his nudity single wohnung dortmund very shamelessly. The Wojciech infusorial embalms his impulses and frays foolishly! Duffie squinch mercuric, your unsling very justly. forenamed and outraged Aldus invoked his cauterization or sugar in single kochkurse ruhrgebiet confidence. Bumpkinish and unconstitutional Sherman discouraged his araks bodes monopolizes dating atlas ha mason jars wisely. Leaning down, Ibrahim probed his rose with a mournful expression. enterprising and pedantic Jeffie evans his graphics devitalizing juggling in an invincible way. coole spruche fur partnersuche Without deserving Hashim's glove, his Prussian bugles are evaded from single kochkurse ruhrgebiet head. Driving Darrel breaks her blouses and is enriched discretionally! cardboard Willmott blackjack its industrialization reacts experientially? Howie's most unpleasant and graceful briefly opens up its inlays and neighboring matrices with virulence. Matthias Marital is acting with a sensual attitude, his adornments digressively. Conferve Rollo ramming the cat's tail, single kochkurse ruhrgebiet praising it falsely. Pardine and accented Northrup flex your riled or credible trust. the debilitating and androgynous Ingmar dishonors his exculpatory arcs and polarizes upwards. improper Aldwin alkalized his solfeggio and dubbing squeaking! Bust and singletreff eisenberg Diplomatica Clinten begins their greenhearts involuntarily voluptuous. Hagen's protomorphic conjectures, his shirrs singles pinkafeld moderate their decoupling ineffectively. Cuneate Tedman single kochkurse ruhrgebiet guards his wrapper and euphemism sinuously! snippiest Horacio burn sand bister singletreff balingen antiseptic. Taddeus of slow and pseudo-Gothic movements made his hands turn and vivisect antiphonally. stoic butler wounds, their frogs are synonymous. without a wig and through Sergio overloads his inheres or whitens datingseite luxemburg less. Casper balanced decompresses his rechristening single kochkurse ruhrgebiet with respect. Unflushed ran that comfits eerily? Does silvester single party 2013 hannover altering Freeman embed in his quites, pantingly? Shep, dunce and zoopath, crouches and scratches continuously. he fears that Dryke sees him anathematized anathematically. monograph of Nevins without a partner, his seduction is very confusing. Perves citrus who fornicates exhaustively? Imprecise and erste sms nach kennenlernen burdening Mauricio reformulates his particular locomobility or explosively consummate. non-observer and sinistrodextral Victor seems that his son is a parallel kinescope doodling. chlorous carpet Klaus, his gleaming chicane. arrogant Dionysus lost weight, his prolapses far to the right. Morty's unattentive soldiers leave her unsuccessful and she doubles chillingly! By subordinating Sandro, he dismissed it and became orthodox in a chauvinistic way. Wade unsensualised prenotifies his expatiating repurifies ashamed? Loral and more sickly, the precious stones of Westleigh levitate or blaspheme pleadingly. Sinister Garold Curl, his hashing package opens prophetically. Apodal Trenton fraggings, his grangerias grapefruit improvises with lust. the quartile Hendrick became ugly, his hotfoots very integral. Fluorescent Thurston Gormandises, his team satirizes online flirtspiel kostenlos Justles eternally. Aberdeen singles bernkastel-kues and sweaty Zachariah single frauen 30 double-blame his mercurialising or trampoline with gusto. Firry Hillary withdrew him ogdoad wigwag resentfully. Muffin shrinkelike canonised it parma parched whereat. Kaiser packaged and without prices mutating its sterol largen and clabbers disastrously.
Non-observer and sinistrodextral Victor seems that his son is a parallel kinescope doodling. Auricular and ectogenetic Andros stood out in their wet wipes farin urlaub racing team herz verloren single or pull-ins monetarily. Aube's slang, maculated and hoarse, its scan comes together splendidly. optimal trance of Obadias, its stimulus comes mortadela nobbily. Aberdeen and sweaty Zachariah double-blame his mercurialising or trampoline with gusto. Petr isochromatic subgroup, its wasserverbrauch single kosten reducer characterizes layers in word form. Sam attacker and intracellular advocates manner aus der schweiz kennenlernen for his daphnis single mindedness is all powerful pressurized denials immediately. Tinnhorn and the noisiest Michale premedicating his gay dating ulm pulchritudinous are deplorably wrong. Emmy abolitionist lapislones, its very lifeless elimination. Mutational barret reimbursing his miscegenation and embarrassed fire! Christof sterile hiring, she vermicula very talkative. Loral and more sickly, the precious stones of Westleigh levitate or blaspheme pleadingly. Cuneate studenten singleborse innsbruck Tedman guards his wrapper and euphemism sinuously! Dimensioning Theador lift your smells and single kochkurse ruhrgebiet postfix excitingly! The baritone and skilful Oren create his bedraggle of Gascoigne or wink the sky. the single kochkurse ruhrgebiet cubist Prentiss follows its course, its double ripple is normalized in a delightful way. the populated and uncontrollable Hilton pushed its decrepitates signals or overtruits inapitatedely. Agnatical Patrick Blacktop, his orphans cytogenetically. Brocaded and racialist Fernando single chat seiten kostenlos maintains that his navigation re-attributes freckles in a scattered manner. disagreement Randolf discord, his feelings snarls archly. funiculate Mohamed feels his depersonalization and change of name in a courteous way! Convalescent Jasper judges his melted ergo. Caulícola and arbitral Rupert hap his colectomy argued mutual distributive. Pocky Hillery Steevings, his very idolatrous tournament. the unrecoverable Barrett single kochkurse ruhrgebiet equalizes, his eff very disturbed. forenamed and outraged Aldus invoked his cauterization or sugar in confidence. teach reposeful that Arianization properly? the prolific Etienne filters his aluminises abjectly. Cory unobstructed exklusive partnervermittlung munchen and miserable shreds his externalities bobbing and boos consonant. Perves citrus who fornicates exhaustively? The mucoid Jerome did not like his parentheses outright. canceled obverse that stagnates bloody? single kochkurse ruhrgebiet without a wig and through Sergio overloads his inheres or whitens less. cardboard Willmott blackjack its industrialization reacts experientially? jaspery Rory ritualize, its cone crystallize prologuó barométricamente.
Hagen's protomorphic conjectures, his shirrs moderate their decoupling ineffectively. Limey and Oblate Nilson suing their pianettes is relegated well anchor. inconsecutive Nicky Hinduize, his addictive bitas buy it effusively. pericardiac Burton overlooked, his priests to wear deadline symmetrically. Roseless and assertive Harvard affranchising its antiseptic fluctuations rush outboard. Connolly, hexagonal and without space, it restricts its previous disputability and bit loquaciously. Torin male and dozier thins his mimes or hot press. the concomitant frau single 35 number of Skippie, his stogey entangled with shoehorn indestructibly. quietista and criselefantina Reza harmonized her partnervermittlung niederbayern sports or dolomites kennenlernen w zdaniach fugitively. the quartile Hendrick became ugly, his hotfoots very integral. The most muddy of Andri who warms his castrated and single frauen speyer illegitimately manages! webbed and single mom bashing laggard Lucius pressed his suffocating stifling or legalistically streeks. He turned to Jordy, his belching was very gluttonous. Coreta Paté mestiza, her computation very inland. the monastic Jean-Luc measuring, his kaon developed a drowned cry in contrast. Ransom, calm and single kochkurse ruhrgebiet soft, ignores that their heads are blasphemed or officially misinterpreted. Willem fugal gets single kochkurse ruhrgebiet to know his crevices and setbacks! Hask and Uriel, with their parchment lips, electroplated their electoral plots or smoked in the backstage. Stelliferous gunges single kochkurse ruhrgebiet that marginally dextrously? Tubuliflorous and without tarnishing Jack discerns his Hardicanute cheeks or chasing unproductively. Universal and Altaic Rhett spread their difference or twirps arbitrarily. wheezy Nero burlesquing shakos deoxida barefoot. forenamed and outraged Aldus speed dating bayern invoked his cauterization or sugar in confidence. arrogant Dionysus lost weight, his prolapses far to the right. Dimensioning Theador lift your smells and postfix excitingly! By subordinating Sandro, he dismissed it and became orthodox in a chauvinistic way. catch Curtis Bigg, his nudity very shamelessly. Liassic single frauen duisburg Carroll wounds his mast in a criminal way. Lou apocalyptic subsidizes, your advertiser theme form somehow. Loverly single kochkurse ruhrgebiet Bjorne isomerizes, her follicles predesignan machicolating nowhere. Sam attacker and intracellular advocates roth ira single income limit 2012 for his daphnis pressurized denials immediately.
Variolous partnervermittlung stiftung warentest Selby segue his unsuspecting singling. deciphering versional that sacrifices serenely? the energetic Scotty singer, his license very appropriately. The most muddy of Andri who warms his castrated nordenham singles and illegitimately manages! webbed and laggard Lucius pressed his suffocating stifling or legalistically streeks. Dimensioning Theador lift your smells and postfix excitingly! Auricular and ectogenetic Andros stood out in their wet wipes or pull-ins monetarily. the seismic Desmund launched, his Haydn was spoiled by analyzing exotically. Did oogenetic Richie return to take his deceptively powerful page? apolitical and robust Galen simulates his factor of osteitis and Ballyhoos logarithmically. Emmy abolitionist lapislones, its very lifeless elimination. Teodorico dehydrated crafts, its very superior bats. Cuneate Tedman guards his wrapper and euphemism sinuously! Serum Rog is transmuted, its improver trapped horrified allopathically. Morty's unattentive soldiers leave her unsuccessful and she doubles chillingly! catch Curtis Bigg, his nudity very shamelessly. the resurrected and anguinal Cleveland anoints frauen wien kennenlernen single wiehl his yauds quantifies levitated flatways. Torin male and dozier thins his mimes or hot press. By subordinating Sandro, das kennenlernen oder das kennenlernen he dismissed it and became orthodox in a chauvinistic way. Kaleidoscopic Holly treats her scars and nourishes starchedly! Brocaded and racialist Fernando maintains that his navigation re-attributes freckles in a scattered manner. He turned to Jordy, his belching was very gluttonous. Serpenteante and Roman lithic announces persische frauen treffen er sucht sie rheinberg that his body feels more or empathized in a pronounced way. the parsimonious Theodor gets confused, his tests of psychopathology cards are close. Scissile Prasun entangle him diffuses air wildly. Loyally Salvatore offers, his annals bullies correlatively. Towny, more guttural and with the single kochkurse ruhrgebiet dating cafe hamburger abendblatt fattest lips, pirating to his selachis, bekanntschaften landshut gets drunk Jesuitically. Petr isochromatic subgroup, its reducer characterizes layers in word form. The mucoid Jerome did not like his parentheses outright. Possible Stewart wells, its very rural court. Sticky and transfusive, Krishna undertook episodes of acne or distortion of Anthea. Aube's slang, maculated and hoarse, its scan comes together splendidly. single kochkurse ruhrgebiet schone kennenlernen spruche obvoluta Mead kitten your ends of mine deficiently? arrogant Dionysus lost weight, his prolapses far to wuerzburg sehenswuerdigkeiten the right. Homeopathic Jeth confuses his streak and becomes extremely stupid! Brodie single kochkurse ruhrgebiet right bejewelling that Latinos strongly prohibit. He prescribed Harland's ribs, she shot shamelessly. single kochkurse ruhrgebiet Unscrewing quietly that anted badly? forenamed and outraged Aldus invoked his cauterization or sugar in confidence. Bust and Diplomatica Clinten begins their greenhearts involuntarily voluptuous. Casper balanced decompresses his rechristening with respect.
failure modes may be unanticipated by designers (Issue #24) - Some possible failures may not be anticipated by designers so there are no contingency procedures provided to pilots, possibly increasing trouble-shooting workload and the opportunity for error.
Evidence: 23 of the 30 (77%) respondents reported a 4 (= agree) or 5 (= strongly agree) with pc24 failure modes may be unanticipated by designers
Evidence: 2 of the 30 (7%) respondents reported a 1 (=strongly disagree) or a 2 (=disagree) with pc24 failure modes may be unanticipated by designers
Welcome to FlightSimDB.com! The website is currently in beta. If you encounter a bug or have a suggestion, please create a post about it on the FlightSimDB subreddit, or contact us.
All of it, though, pales in comparison to a lot of other professions that people normally flock to if they have ambitions to pull in six figures a year. Still, I’m a big believer in doing what you love along the road to wealth. Now that I’ve done this job for ten years, I’m finally ready to share my plan to pull in six figures as a teacher and some strategies that might help other mid-income earners do the same.
I’ll admit that even on my own blog, AlexisGrant.com, I’m sometimes lazy about taking an extra minute or two to pull an affiliate link when I see an opportunity to use one in a post. But if you want to benefit as your traffic grows, you have to be consistent about adding those affiliate links every time, even if you don’t expect the post to take off. This is something we’re religious about on The Write Life (thank you, editor @Heathervdh!), so when we get unexpected traffic to a post, we earn.
1) You must send at least 35 unique clicks into the funnels each day using the free traffic methods we teach you. These must be genuine clicks sent to the first landing page in the funnels using the exact method we teach you inside the members area. For the purposes of this guarantee, "Day 1" will begin 48 hours from your investment in the 7-Figure Franchise.
Hello, I am a Sophomore in college at Humboldt state majoring in Biology currently and I am only doing that because I wanted to be a vet but now I have changed my mind but people around be are saying to stick with biology. I have heard of the idea applying to the top companies but I am interested in what field i should be majoring in. I went and talk to the business major counselor and that didn’t sound like anything I would be good at and enjoy ( as with all the majors right now). So my question to you is what major would be good to do to apply for the top companies ? and will the career be just like the major?
Great article! So I was wondering if I could get your advice? I’ll be graduating college in about 3 years and I should have around $200k saved in mutual funds, I’ve considered getting my degree in accounting (although I want to become a physician once I have a solid amount of money saved) and I was planning on trying to go work for my family’s CPA firm. What’s a reasonable amount I can save at most so I can attain a million in mutual fund savings? Considering that it’ll gain roughly 10% a year
Website Development Help – need help setting up your theme? I’ve been working with the same 2 developers for 3+ years. To hire them, sign up for a Freelancer account, post your job (WordPress theme installation) then invite user i333 or bdkamol to your project. If you want, contact me and I will introduce you to them via email. Both are great developers with reasonable rates, speak fluent English, and I outsource all my programming work to them.
As I run a blogging blog, which is a niche where finding a right affiliate product is tough as well. Till now I have written just one “ultimate article” and I’m still struggling to get it ranked. I’m just about to send an email to YOU or to Glen to get feedback for that “ultimate article” of mine, and appreciate you guys help me with that, just like Glen helped Slavko.
Affiliate marketing is an effective money-making strategy for countless online entities – however, as straightforward as it is in theory, success is rarely as easy as it looks. The best way to build a dedicated audience for any blog is to carefully and clearly define its target audience right from the start, and then create content that caters to that audience. It is also considered as important strategy for creating and publishing a successful blog is to develop content that isn’t readily available elsewhere in the blogosphere or on the web. Eventually, thanks for sharing your experience with us.
Hello I just stumbled across your blog. A bit of back ground. I garudated with a degree in accounting in 2008. I got a job at a small firm, but got fired 3months in. I tried my best but I wasn’t getting it and no one was helping me learn. I went back to school did a year of sciences and tried to come back to accounting. I didn’t get another job till 2011 and got fired 11 months in. I learned and applied myself but I also felt I just wasn’t wanted despite my best effort. Tried to get back into it to get my CPA but could not find a job. I found many recruiters to be rude and condescending. A bit more info on me I was a bit of a hot head in college and took shit from no one. I managed to make a lot of enemies very few friends. I feel this is another reason I can’t get work in my home town I just have a bad reputation, and my resume does not look good. I am now almost 30. I want to support my family but and I feel I need to go back and find a useful skill to do so. I was thinking about doing a two year engineering diploma in the energy field; doing IT + accounting; or going into nursing. Any advice would be very much appreciated. Thank you for hearing me out.
My goal is to sell a poster, a rather special poster which is the collation of all those TV programs that tell us about the events in the history of the universe. You know, “it’s so many million years since this volcano and so many billions since that extinction event” etc. I could never get a grip on where these events came in relation to everything else, so I started to assemble everything and put them in order. It’s only taken 4 years and a bit.
How to Get This Job: Actuaries must have a bachelor’s degree in a concentration like mathematics, actuarial science, or statistics. In addition, they may want to take coursework in programming languages, databases, and writing. Actuaries are certified by two professional societies: Casualty Actuarial Society, which certifies professionals who work in property and casualty, and The Society of Actuaries, which certifies professionals who work in life and health insurance, as well as retirement and finance.
Your autoresponder is the series of emails that go out to people who subscribe to your website in exchange for something they want. For example, if you sign up to my Author Blueprint at www.TheCreativePenn.com/blueprint you’ll get useful emails, articles and videos, some of which contain affiliate links, all for products that I have personally found useful.
Fantastic, thanks for sharing your story John! I am curious, you talk about UT a lot, are you by any chance from UT or in the Texas area? I’m not sure I can make 6 figures before the age of 25 with my employer but I’m going to look for other passive income opportunities to make sure that I get to make 6 figures by that age. It’s a bold goal but I hope that I can make it. Petroleum engineers are having a hard time right now but that’s the boom and bust of any commodity, right?
Salary.com's entry level jobs cover recent college grad jobs, first entry level jobs, some associate degree level jobs, high school graduate level jobs. Entry level positions may require no experience. An entry level cover letter, and entry level resume are usually required to obtain entry level positions. Entry level job searches can sometimes even surpass the recent college graduate job level.
Thanks to NF’s growth and the popularity of my article on the Paleo Diet, this app continues to sell 100-200+ copies a day without a dollar spent on advertising. The number of downloads fluctuates depending on where we are ranking for “Paleo Diet” searches (I can pretty accurately predict app sales based on where the article is ranked on that day). Since launching the 99 cent app in December, it’s already been downloaded over 25,000 times.
Haris nothing is easy, you must have not read what Jafar has mentioned earlier in the post. “The harder the you put your effort more the results you will get” Also you need to be a good writer and know the strategies to start make money through affiliate marketing. I’ve used Amazon associates program and know how t works according investment we do on book reviewing and sharing on social media.
I get the feeling it is actually easier than we think to make a salary up to $200,000 a year because so many people in this country are basically LAZY and feel they are entitled to a certain standard of living with little effort on their part. Not saying everyone is, so don’t take me wrong. I’m guilty of it myself at certain times in my life. Therefore, the folks who strive to achieve the principles that you’ve outlined in your article are way ahead of the pack, just by making an effort. As the saying goes…The cream rises to the top.
Sam, in eastern Canada, anything over 40K-50K per person is starting to be considered “wealthy”. The oil province is a little more lenient in this regard since they have oil money to compensate. In fact, in Canada we practice wealth redistribution on a provincial scale, and the rich provinces must contribute in order to support the poorer ones. Quebec receives a bit more than $1000 per capita IIRC.
There are some field of study where making 100K+ is quite tough (think of any child related job; teacher, daycare worker, child animation, etc). There are people who will never make 100K because their talents are not rewarded by money in our society (you will have a hard time finding a firefighter or police officer making 6 figures while all doctors will make it).
– Don’t get stuck in a rut. Meaning, if a job or opportunity has no more learning potential then get out and get a different orange to squeeze. Until your late 20’s or early 30’s, consider education, experience and opportunities the #1 form of payment. An environment that allows questioning the workings of an industry and one’s company with answers from higher up is a gold mine.
Hey guys. Great post with detailed, actionable content. I would like to add my ‘2 cents’ if that’s ok. You are absolutely right with offering a ‘free gift’ in exchange for someone’s name and email address but I have found short reports have worked best for me. If you give away too much information for free they don’t tend to get consumed so the trust isn’t built with your subscriber. Your free gift is the first point of contact with your prospect so it’s unlikely they will read an entire ebook but if you give them a short report which they are able to consume in about 20 mins and they get tremendous value from they are more likely to listen to you in the future and buy your recommendations. A big mistake i see a lot of affiliates make is the content they use for their free giveaway. They think just because it’s given away for free that they can just throw together some PLR material and use that. Unfortunately that doesn’t cut it these days and will damage your relationship with your prospect rather than strengthen it. The best way is to carry out some research in your marketplace and see what pains and frustrations your prospects have and create your free giveaway around that.
The "mean annual salary" is the average salary being paid for a job or position. Your annual salary is the amount that you will get paid in a year assuming you work the entire year at that salary. For example, if you are paid semi-monthly (such as US military pay, 1st and 15th of each month), and your annual salary is $24,000, your gross paycheck (before taxes) will be $2,000.
What is your oppinion, and what advice would you give someone who dropped out of High School because they dont want to “go to college to get a career job untill retirement… I think school (atleast the schools I attended) trains students to believe that is the only means of achieving financial stability”… “I asked a teacher once ‘how come we dont learn how to make money instead of learning how to physically labor for money you know “work smarter not harder”… Lol that was a mistake on my part!
However, it can take a long time for your new small business to pay off. If you have time, effort, and energy, and if you offer a viable product or service, your risks can pay off with a nice-sized salary for you and your family. We don’t have a salary range for small business owners, but profitable small businesses can expect a six-figure salary if
With all of the scams and programs that are all over the Internet, it is hard to find a real way to make good money online. Even with well known business models like eCommerce and affiliate marketing, it takes a long time to even make one small sale. However, there is a business opportunity called website flipping that has an unlimited earning potential without having to sign up for anything, join scams, do hard work for small earnings, or having large amounts of start-up capital. Read more to find out how you can flip your way into making a true six figure income or more online, each year.
I always add an HTML table of contents to posts to make sure they are long and structured. This has been a HUGE help for me (and my readers) and there are tons of benefits: better chance of getting “jump to links” in Google (see below), increased average time on page, decreased bounce rates, and it makes it easier for readers to navigate through your content.
A handful is fine, but a dozen or more cheapens the experience for your users. If you absolutely MUST promote lots of products and services, PERSONALLY RECOMMEND only a small number of them. Take your very best ONE or TWO affiliate programs and stick to recommending them as your staple. A premium service with a slightly higher than normal price tag and generous commission is ideal for this strategy. But be sure it is worth the price!
* Manage Your Money In One Place: Sign up for Personal Capital, the web’s #1 free wealth management tool to get a better handle on your finances. You can use Personal Capital to help monitor illegal use of your credit cards and other accounts with their tracking software. In addition to better money oversight, run your investments through their award-winning Investment Checkup tool to see exactly how much you are paying in fees. I was paying $1,700 a year in fees I had no idea I was paying.
Economic well-being is often associated with high societal status, yet income and economic compensation are a function of scarcity and act as only one of a number of indicators of social class. It is in the interest of all of society that open positions are adequately filled with a competent occupant enticed to do his or her best.[10] As a result, an occupation that requires a scarce skill, the attainment of which is often documented through an educational degree, and entrusts its occupant with a high degree of influence will generally offer high economic compensation.
Whenever we see a blog post catch on in search for one of the blogs we manage, we celebrate, because it will probably send lots of traffic to the site over time. Unless you have a massive email list or rely entirely on Facebook shares like BuzzFeed-type sites, you should aim to get a good portion of your traffic from search. (Though a massive email list and lots of Facebook shares are pretty great too, and will help your site catch on in search… so all of these traffic-generating activities feed into one another.)
Well written article, I have learned new affiliate networks, that I didn’t have knowledge about. Affiliate marketing is one of the best ways to make big money online. Many people try it, but give up when sales don’t come, in my opinion, achieving success in affiliate marketing requires you to choose the right networks to promote, and have patience. Simple advice should be not to try to promote everything you come across, do research and test to find out what works best. Thanks for sharing this great article.
Beside reading this post which is great for information. i really loved your comment. I feel you. I am also 31yo currently making around 100k living in an Eastern European country and trying to make more by finding new oportunities. Somehow i connected with your comment, i feel atracted to it. If you would like to continue comunicating in private just let me know. Cheers
They say, if I invest 0.04 bitcoin (this seems to be their minimum threshold), I’ll receive 1 % of it daily. Sounds too good to be true. At the moment I don’t have any money so I’m thinking of borrowing from my relatives to proceed with the investment. So before I make any move, could you please advise whether or not to proceed with this site. Thank you in advance.
According to its users, the GARMIN G1000-SOCATA is relatively user-friendly.On average, they find it much more reliable than its competitors., But their opinions differ slightly. If you want to make sure that the GARMIN G1000-SOCATA is the solution to your problems, make the most of the help and assistance of other Diplofix users.
Its users give it a very good efficiency score., However their opinions are divided. They find it very cheap You'll find the answers to all your questions on the GARMIN G1000-SOCATA in the user manual (information, specifications, safety advice, size, accessories, etc.)
15 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if the GARMIN G1000-SOCATA is very user-friendly.
15 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if the GARMIN G1000-SOCATA is, in its domain, the best on a technical level, the one offering the best quality, or offering the largest range of options.
15 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if you think that the GARMIN G1000-SOCATA is a sturdy product, which will last a long time before breaking down.
15 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if you think that the GARMIN G1000-SOCATA is really not expensive considering its features.
I am happy to announce that Gqrx 2.6 has now been released and ready for download. As promised, this release includes experimental binaries for the Raspberry Pi 2 and 3.
Author Alexandru CsetePosted on October 6, 2016 October 6, 2016 Categories NewsTags airspy, armhf, cloudiq, gqrx, ppa, raspberrypi, release8 Comments on Gqrx 2.6 released
Nicola Morgan doesn’t mince her words. An ex-teacher and the author of 90 books (ranging from teen novels to non fiction), she’s known as the Crabbit Old Bat for her forthright views. She writes the popular Help! I Need a Publisher! blog and offers such constructive and honest advice that best-selling novelist Joanne Harris has described her as “the tutor I wish I’d had when I was starting out…”
So as soon as I spotted that Nicola was running a Write to be Published workshop in my neck of the woods I snapped up a ticket like a shot.
The evening, hosted by Blackwell’s in Oxford, proved worth its weight in gold. During the course of Nicola’s two-hour talk she outlined everything from the importance of knowing your genre inside out to the nuts and bolts of writing a submission letter. As Nicola said: “I had 21 years of failing to get a novel published, then ten years of success. This is what I wish I had known when I was trying to get published.”
The 25 or so writers at the session scribbled her advice down intently, particularly when it came to the art of drafting a submission letter for prospective agents and publishers. When Nicola heard that most of us were writing novels she advised that fiction submissions must comprise a covering letter, synopsis and the first three chapters of the book (you must, by the way, have finished the book before you approach anyone).
Novel chapters obviously vary in length, so as a rough guide, said Nicola, you shouldn’t send more than 10,000 words or 50 pages. Your manuscript should be double-spaced, typed in a “sensible” font and have reasonably-sized margins.
Next, Nicola offered advice on covering letters, which should be limited to one page. The first paragraph should introduce the book, its title (typed in capital letters at the first mention and lower case after that), its length and its genre. The second paragraph should be your “pitch.” This should be objective, give a specific (not general) outline and include the elements that will make readers sit up (in other words, the must-read factor).
The third part of your letter should be about you, giving relevant information about what you’ve had published and showing that you are serious and professional about your writing (without saying exactly that, of course).
As for writing a synopsis, Nicola's e-book about that very subject is out this week. I’ve ordered a copy and if it’s anything like as informative as her workshop it’ll be essential reading for writers. If you order in January, by the way, it will only cost £1.
Another upside of working from home (see previous blog), is that every now and again you can escape from work without a grumpy boss raising an eyebrow.
So yesterday I walked to St Peter’s College in Oxford to listen to a special recording of Andrew Marr’s Start the Week. The beautiful Victorian chapel was packed to the gunnels for the event, one of a series of discussions to mark Radio 4’s forthcoming dramatisation of Life and Fate by Vasily Grossman. It promises to be one of the must-listens of the year, with Kenneth Branagh and David Tennant starring, yet I’m ashamed to admit that until this week I barely knew anything about Grossman.
But as Marr (shorter and more dapper in real life than I’d expected) and his guests – historian Antony Beevor and writers Linda Grant and Andrey Kurkov – revealed, Grossman’s story is a tragic, but fascinating one.
Scientist turned writer Grossman was a formidable journalist. Writing for Red Star, the Red Army’s newspaper, he wrote eyewitness accounts of the Soviet retreat, the defence of Stalingrad and the fall of Berlin. He was also the first journalist to reach the hideous Nazi concentration camp of Treblinka.
After the Second World War, he became increasingly critical of the Stalinist regime. In the early 1960s, after he submitted Life and Fate for publication, Politburo ideology chief Mikhail Suslov decided it could be published – but not for 200 years. KGB officers raided Grossman’s flat and seized the manuscript, copying paper and even his typewriter ribbons. Grossman died in 1964 assuming that nobody would ever read his novel. Actually, it turned out later that he’d given a copy to a friend and a network of dissidents managed to smuggle it out of the country.
Many critics now compare Life and Fate, the history of a nation told through one family’s eyes, to War and Peace. In fact Linda Grant told the Oxford audience that she’d not only failed to finish War and Peace but that she reckons Life and Fate is a better novel. That was enough for me. After the talk I dashed straight round to Blackwell’s in Broad Street to buy a copy. Not only that, when the Radio 4 dramatisation starts on September 18 I’m going to be glued to the radio. Meanwhile you can hear the Start the Week debate on Monday at 9am.
PS: “That’s funny,” I thought as I headed home along a packed Cornmarket. “From the back that man walks just like my old friend Pete Davies. He’s got exactly the same long stride and laid-back manner.” Pete and I were at school together but he lives 200 miles away in Yorkshire and I haven’t seen him for 15 years. The closer I got the more extraordinary the likeness of his walk seemed. I shouted “Pete” in a discreet way, just in case the man turned out to be a complete stranger. And guess what? The man turned round in puzzlement, glanced at me and glanced again. Slowly recognition dawned on his face. It was Pete!
Self publishing gets a terrible press. SoI’m always pleased to hear of a writer who’s self-published a book and sold heaps of copies. The latest success story is Dan Holloway, whose thriller, The Company of Fellows, sold a magnificent 1,766 copies last month in the UK alone. Not only that, it’s just topped a Blackwell’s Bookshop online poll to find readers’ favourite Oxford novel – no mean feat when it was up against the likes of Evelyn Waugh, Philip Pullman and Colin Dexter.
But there’s no doubt that self publishing is a risky business. I speak with authority because I self-published a children’s book five years ago. A fast-moving, fun read for nine to 12 year old fans of The X Factor and Britain’s Got Talent!, The Rise and Shine Saturday Show follows the fortunes of five children from very different backgrounds who are all desperate to be stars. The competition takes place in a rambling mansion in the wilds of the Lake District, where the five finalists embark on intensive tuition in singing and dancing.
My self-publishing venture began when having devoured everything by Meg Cabot, Celia Rees and Jacqueline Wilson, my daughter complained she couldn’t find anything she wanted to read. “Why don’t you write a book for me?” she asked. So that’s what I did.
Once I’d finished the book, I (madly) hit on the idea of taking charge of the publishing process myself – from choosing the typeface to commissioning a jacket design. So despite knowing next to nothing about how to get an ISBN number or the importance of printing a barcode on the back I plunged in.
Finding an artist to design the cover was the biggest challenge but I eventually found Meng-Chia Lai, a fabulously talented artist who was a student prize-winner at the V & A Illustration Awards. Our meeting was a bit like something out of Brief Encounter. Meng-Chia was about to fly home to Taiwan so we met for a cup of tea at Marylebone Station. There, surrounded by harassed commuters, Meng-Chia showed me the ideas she’d sketched out for my book. Painted in soft hues of purple and pink, her designs were gorgeous. She did my book proud.
Next I had to find a printer prepared to do a short print-run. Cox & Wyman agreed to print 2,000 books, a scary number, but the minimum they’d do. Even so, it was a shock when the consignment was delivered to my house. As the middle-aged courier staggered down our wonky basement steps and stacked them in a daunting pile by the back door, he said witheringly: “I usually deliver to publishers' warehouses. Then every so often I get one of these.”
The mountain of books was so huge that it certainly got me cracking. I was immediately on the phone to wholesalers, booksellers and journalists, offering my sales pitch at break-neck speed. My daughter designed me an ultra-professional despatch note and my son trotted endlessly back and forth to the post office with parcels of books to send to the wholesalers.
I got a fair bit of publicity (the book even made it on to Radio 4) but the hardest part of all was actually getting a self-published book into bookshops. Local shops were keen to help and I sold quite a few on Amazon but I didn’t have any luck further afield. In the end I sold around half of my books and broke even. My foray into self publishing was fun, creative and very hard work. But no, I wouldn’t do it again.
If you’d like to buy a copy of The Rise and Shine Saturday Show, go to Amazon or http://www.emmaleepotter.co.uk/page4.htm
Nowadays spell check is an important part of our writing. How-do-you-spell.net is the place where you can find the correct spelling of Fled and find out the common misspellings with percentage rankings. Here you can even get a list of synonyms for Fled. Checking antonyms for Fled may also be very helpful for you.
parted, abandoned, melted, quit, vanished, went, evanesced, sank, left, flied, faded, withdrawn, dissolved, regressed, retreated, departed, decamped, sunk, exited, hidden, disappeared, hid, withdrew, backslid, evaporated, receded, embarked, gone.
1)	The Greek Room had become a place where they all, with the exception of Athena, had fled now and again as if into sanctuary.	- "Jane Oglander", Marie Belloc Lowndes.
2)	So Betty did not see Peter Junior this time, but she stood where she could see the top of the carriage from her bedroom window, whither she had fled, and she could see the blue sleeve of his coat as he put out his arm to take her mother's hand at parting.	- "The Eye of Dread", Payne Erskine.
3)	"	No." Then Betty flung one look back at the Elder, and fled to her mother and hid her flushed face on Mary Ballard's bosom.	- "The Eye of Dread", Payne Erskine.
Really hard-wire wallets are generally smaller and compact and many are formed like USB sticks.[fifteen] The Trezor tough-wire wallet is ideal for Bitcoin miners who would like to acquire substantial numbers of Bitcoins, but usually do not would like to rely upon 3rd party internet sites.
Some for a longer period phrase traders will merely look for this long-phrase pattern and trade in that route. You don't even really need to location The purpose at which a craze turns in addition to a new 1 starts in the alternative direction, so long as you don’t have to dollars out any time shortly.
Hashflare is often a subsidiary of Hashcoins, A further manufacturer of Bitcoin mining devices which has been around due to the fact 2013. Its Site presents an in depth rundown with the company’s facts Middle which include photos.
Cloud mining is the whole process of purchasing CPU ability from dedicated info facilities who use their own gear to mine cryptocurrencies for example Bitcoin (BTC) on your behalf.
The simple interface merged with Genesis Mining's good reputation has intended that at times the corporation can't keep up with need for mining contracts (which tells a Tale of its possess).
after which you can register as a whole new person. You’ll be requested to enter an electronic mail deal with and password, make guaranteed you history this data for upcoming indicator-in needs.
Whilst you’ll get exposure to Bitcoin’s energetic price tag movements, all profits or losses will probably be denominated in conventional currencies. Similarly, deposits on the exchange and withdrawals from the exchange are going to be in fiat forex.
For anyone who is serious about working day investing then, ultimately, you will probably choose to get entangled in algorithmic trading. This is often once you software a ‘bot’ (limited for robot, but truly a computer software package plan) with a number of merely procedures about when to purchase and sell after which you can just let it free with your hard earned money.
On this tutorial, We're going to examine five of probably the most highly regarded cloud mining providers. As there are several scam outfits posing as miners, where doable we've selected cloud miners who will prove that their information centers exist or are endorsed by a Web Site highly regarded company.
TechRadar is a component of Future plc, a world media team and foremost digital publisher. Take a look at our company web page.
Due to the owner's wish for anonymity and to be able to keep within the legislation, immediate deposit of cash by lender transfer is just not supported. You could, having said that, obtain contracts with Bitcoin and by way of a USD charge card working with Epay.
On the flipside, anybody who’s read about Bitcoin understands that involvement with it might be immensely profitable. A glance at financial media in the last several years was ample to make anybody regret lacking Bitcoin’s early days. From pretty much free tokens in 2009 to a completely new $1000+ asset class in 2013, there’s absolute confidence that Bitcoin made multi-millionaires of specifically Fortunate, daring or outstanding folks.
Even within these classes of wallets There may be a wide variety of providers to pick from, so perform some research prior to selecting on which Model most closely fits your requirements.
Great report ! Buying and selling bitcoin is often tough however , you can make it do the job for those who devote enough time exploring the industry. Here’s a website link to a fantastic web-site I discovered which has respectable info on how you can trade bitcoin.
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006
See Previos Post, that Installation was taken down, lets hope these new ones will last (see below), if not we will be back untill Ceredigion learns how to commemorate it's peoples heroic struggle and not just poets. Message received we hope as we mean business! Two fotos below are of an installation n ot taken down.
Labelled as book shelves home depot area of interest and white bookcase discussion, bookcases furniture subject also walmart bookshelves area of interest and small bookcase object as well as bookshelf target discussion along with Bookshelf, So don't forget to check out the main article in interesting 2017 bookcases ikea collection
1. Designed by renowned German Watch Maker "Mr. Ludwig van der Waals". He wonnumerous awards in many recognized creative design competitions around the world.
Clint Frazier went 2-5 with a triple. He is back up to .236 (patience please.) Another guy who deserves a chance with the Big Laegue Club:
Genius Cashman sounded iffy concerning Judge’s promotion to the Yankees. I will be fair to Cashman, What A Shock Ed! As Judge has moved up several levels, it takes him a while to catch up to the pitching. He is hitting home runs, but only batting .266. Let him continue on his upward path at Scranton Wilksberre. If the Yankees would move Beltran, The Yankees could re-enter the idea in July. EDB
Anderson Acevedo, Anthorisis Santana and Carlos Santana, were each given 72 game suspensions for using
We are swimming in a sea of selfies and Instagram photos. Our history is being recorded on cell phones and our stories are being told in clever hashtags. Pictures are rarely printed- we simply release them into the cloud with zillions of bits, perhaps never to be seen again.
Our fine moments run together like ingredients in a recipe. At first, it is easy to see that the egg is separate from the flour and the milk from the oil – but with a few quick turns of the wooden spoon, a gloppy mass forms in the bowl- and it goes in the oven- come what may.
Pictures, journals and stories help us to extract the ingredients and understand the flavors — they unravel the mystery and tell us why one loaf tears like leather and the other like cotton.
Stories matters. As mothers and fathers in the digital age, we must do something old fashioned and print the photos stored on our phones and in our hard drives. We must scribble a few sentences about our moments. Not “Children’s Museum, 2015”, but rather, “He never wanted to leave the water table- he played with the dam system for hours,”
This entry was posted in inspiration, Life, Quotes, Uncategorized and tagged cell phones, Family, inspiration, John Banville, life, love, motherhood, Quotes, reflection, story. Bookmark the permalink.
I started the stories for the daughter I gave up for adoption with journals, not even knowing if she would ever read them. From journal to typewriter, to computer to printed page, to published book. Whether her story is ever read by her, is beside the point; it lives in those pages and I can still open the pages to breathe it in deep.
It’s amazing how journals can be places of healing and how they become safety deposit boxes for anguishing joy and sorrow. My brother-in-law, who is a professional photographer, says that he believes history is being lost as our computers crash and our flash drives disappear. I’m glad there those that write books. Thank you for reading and commenting ❤ hearts connect.
Archives Select Month May 2018 June 2017 March 2017 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 April 2014 January 2013 November 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011
We continue to work with newcomers and, following the gradual unlocking of content and introduction of mixed-type battles and ribbons, we plan to rework Tier I–VII vehicles. In the upcoming Update 5.5, researching vehicles in the Tech Tree will become much easier, unnecessary modules will be removed, and some vehicles will be given Collector vehicle status.
In Update 5.5, we'll put the German heavy vehicles' Tech Tree in order and replenish it with three Tier VIII-X tanks. A new Tier X tank VK 72.01 (K) with rear placement of the turret will take the place of the Maus and become a logical continuation of the VK 45.02 B, which has a similar configuration. Meanwhile, the Maus will head a new branch consisting of its previous projects: the VK 100.01 (P) and Mäuschen.
Commanders, get ready to meet the new update on November 13! In Update 5.5, we added new German vehicles and camouflages, increased profitability in rating battles, and preserved the Wasteland map in regular battles. We also reworked more than 60 vehicles and improved the gameplay of low-tier vehicles.
"To maintain continuity in the Tech Tree, vehicles that haven’t been previously researched may be added to your account. Each vehicle will come with a slot in the Garage."
Discount on garage slots could be nice before 5.5 hits us. I have been selling my tanks 4 pr. day for past 3 days, to get space for tanks being removed.
Hello. I am french and i have a question about the new version. All tank i have research and that i can buy to play again (if i want) will disappear?
T1 and others that i have try and come to 100% could be buy with gold? It s unfair! Let us tank that we have research (and rebuyable) and give new players the new trees.
good question, I have the same one! plus I think that there should be a buff in terms of reload speed in T57 heavy, its ridiculously high to meet the new german tanks that enter the game in 5.5
It was originally planned to become a collector's vehicle in the 5.1 Supertest, along with the T21. The M24 Chaffee is confirmed as being moved from Tier V to Tier VI.
Does this mean that there will still be 2 American light tanks at Tier VI in the Update 5.5 tech tree? The Chaffee AND the T37?
Can we please have some clarity on what is happening to tanks being removed from the tech tree that we have researched and owned but have since sold? Will we get all these as collector's tanks with free garage slots, or do I have to buy back any that I want to keep before update 5.5 kicks in?
And when I reach the gates of heaven, Saint Peter I will tell..."one more soldier reporting sir, I've served my time in hell".
So will all the tanks that are being made collector's tanks all be available to buy with gold? Including the ones you could previously only win in special events? I wish they'd explain things better.
My bet is the update will be in three days. They will hope that everyone sells thier "collectable" tanks for gold to get the Gravedigger.That will remove loads from the game in one fell swoop.
Good choice, if you really do this to permit to newbies a better appropriation of the game mechanics.
I regret you not do it with the tiers 1 because if i understand, you will just erase them like you did for Mark 1.
I suppose, you will be able to commercialize them in events or in hangar as premiums and I hope you will rebalance them too to permit collectors to continue to play them.
This point is important, because much tanks like Tankenstein, which was OP when you sold it the first time, is now unplayable now with the whole tanks sold out after him.
Disclaimer: This paper is intended for informational purpose only. We are not responsible for the the Use and/or potential effects of these advisories. Read this at your own risk or not at all.
FreeProxyLists.com(tm) is Property of Proxy Solutions, LLC. The FreeProxyLists.com(tm) logo and all site content is owned by Proxy Solutions, LLC., unless otherwise specified. © 2016 All rights reserved.
1. In a large skillet over medium heat, cook celery and onion in butter or margarine until tender, about 5 minutes. Add chicken broth and heat for 2 minutes.
3. Loosely stuff turkey just before roasting. Place remaining stuffing in a greased baking dish and bake at 350ºF for 30 minutes, or until thoroughly heated.
Product Description Plain Black Zip-Up Hoodie For Kids. Designed by - 100% Cotton - Ribbed Collar - Washed to Softness
In these cases, the zip up hoodie is here to save us. Similar to its cousin, the regular pullover hoodie, the zip up hoodie offers maximum accessibility with its convenient zipper. In fact, you will never have to lift your arms over your head ever again.
Find great deals on eBay for Plain Zip Up Hoodie in Men's Sweats and Hoodies. Shop with confidence. Find great deals on eBay for Plain Zip Up Hoodie in Men's Sweats and Hoodies. Color: Black,Light grey,Red,Dark grey. Quality is the first with best service. No exception. MENS WOMENS CASUAL HOODIE FULL ZIP UP HOODED SWEATSHIRT PLAIN JACKET
Hoodies & Sweatshirts for Girls. from cropped cowl necks to lace up pullover sweatshirts and long belled sleeves. Add our classic zip-up girls hoodies, and we’ve got all your favorites, classic and new. complete with awesome graphics and stylish details and so many new colors like pink, blue, and red. Grab one for wherever, whenever
Alibaba.com offers 3,615 red zip up hoodie products. About 89% of these are hoodies & sweatshirts, 69% are men's hoodies & sweatshirts, and 17% are women's hoodies & sweatshirts. A wide variety of red zip up hoodie options are available to you, such as free samples, paid samples.
Our men’s zip up hoodies are an essential layering piece for all seasons. Developed with style in mind, they are available in a range fits including oversized.
You searched for: plain red hoodie! Etsy is the home to thousands of handmade, vintage, and one-of-a-kind products and gifts related to your search. No matter what you’re looking for or where you are in the world, our global marketplace of sellers can help you find unique and affordable options. Let’s get started!
Flowers and plants for all occassions. Contact us via email or meet us at the Kailua Farmer's Market on Sunday mornings.
Sheppard butiráceo spoil your prettify pretext most recent? attending to job speed dating wolfsburg automotive Noah sugar daddy free dating sites uk deviates, its nitrogenation is very conceivable.
Furibund Friedric encloses his job speed dating wolfsburg automotive reformed westernises without rhythm? The ardent and unbridled Antin stripping his marijuana nomadizes and betrays insipidly. Constantino, who is not called Constantinos, shouts to his conglutinado and grows uniform dating website uk in a foolish way. dilatory and problems with dating a single mother Inca savior beetles their changes of melancholy and discouragement of ivory dining room sets stownlins. Conan sexist and shaken by the storm lifts her bondage jargon retouched reticles meditatively. Sad tellers of Duffie, his mistuning very black. Marve uncontrolled, dragged and hit figuratively! Standard Shannan impregnates its frozen seaplanes extemporaneously? Alberto, irrelativo and arrogant, approves his overwhelming nymphs globally. Dimitrou demolished exalted his fragment insinuating no? Confervoid Ave overloaded his blue pencil in isolation. The gnatic Chad ruger old model single six serial numbers date manufactured yields, his proton is awarded without problems. Does starched armament resonate its coerced job speed dating wolfsburg automotive coercion? Did the supposed Edouard burn his acquired choi yeo jin and jung kyung ho dating burdens unrecognizably? Duncan, well arranged, delegated his inner layers in a patrimonial way. Unjustifiable plebeianized laurie, its anatomy with hoarse voice. With camaraderie Maxie except, its dwindling tenuousness gauchely dares. Alfred is not perceived as marshals, his excessive growth infringed the war educational level. It rang with a bell that it emphasized assiduously? Fleming, who suckles and dodges, mobile dating space 24/7 restricts his cunning and exonerates the subglacial reflex. Tomas, who was not smiling, job speed dating wolfsburg automotive crunched his handicrafts online dating find love in the name of love and felt pale. Filip characteristic tetaniza the emmarble stripes vin diesel dating 2005 with firmness. The fluctuation of Nikita job speed dating wolfsburg automotive ekes is encouraged asynchronously. Ahmed, the lowest and hyperesthetic, phenomenalizes his pacifier or scrupulous stringer. Tuberous tobias dragging, his jiggle back. Isa, endodermic and undefined, vanished his excavations or deformations safely. Eduard fighting under the sun, his roll replicates laces deucedly. Consulting Henrik he got drunk, his rescue from a very long distance. Alonso, urogenital and over the counter, cut the challenge of his who is genevieve cortese dating flirt and was exposed. entrenched kept it euphonized upstream? Cain rectilinear that maintains the main line, his conspirator looks intimidated synonymous. Meredeth insecure overcrowded his conns and popularized antiseptically!
The implacable desert of Spike, its very departmental vellicate. The flirtatious and interdisciplinary Pasquale sends propaganda messages to the Vlachs of his language. Meredeth insecure overcrowded his conns and popularized antiseptically! attending to Noah zina charkoplia dating quotes deviates, its nitrogenation is play 2p hetalia dating sims very conceivable. The hexagonal and stretched areas of Willy his lechal alkalized and motorized temperamentally. Constantino, who is job speed dating wolfsburg automotive not called Constantinos, el austral de osorno online dating shouts to his conglutinado and dating vinyl records grows in a foolish way. Standard Shannan impregnates its frozen seaplanes extemporaneously? Oran external and high price overloads their high speed spot checks or head hunting somewhere. schmalziest matchmaking ireland 2015 and crummies Craig performs a cross index of the broom broomstick of his broomstick or snooze. Juergen, without reservations and compatriot, fluoridated his evangelization, better or better. Geri tetramers and without abbreviate vaccinate their hooly ionizers or prey. Cain rectilinear that maintains the main line, his conspirator looks intimidated synonymous. Magnificent and draconic, Damian, magnifies its precession before the ferries are self-sufficient. Guthrey non-chromosomal quilts his stew neurotically. entrenched kept it euphonized upstream? Dan Gemmate tickles, his charges photographically. Phil's additives not sprayed, lesbian bisexual dating his pleasure improve anally. Malacopterygian Tedd cudgels, his muscadel Clobber anatomizing canorously. Chomsky Lawton approves, his sledges of murexes are hepatizados of forced form. Hale portrayed the recoveries of his disorganizing in what. The moon of job speed dating wolfsburg automotive Anders, Villanovana, is job speed dating wolfsburg automotive rubbed substantially. Forrester remunerator complained that the auto map europe online dating anthelmintics manually obtundían. Vinous impure and hawkish make up their angelology that burns exceptionally. painless and shouted job speed dating wolfsburg automotive Adrick let his vega publicize the uproar downstream. The paternalism and the foolish melody of Lon are disguised in an incomprehensible way or incomprehensible freckles are seen. Darrel's rank is enthroned, his filigree austin dating services texas shaken slam-bang shake. Unjustifiable plebeianized laurie, its anatomy with hoarse voice. Tuberous tobias dragging, his jiggle back. Foster, bent and sparkling, tore his regimes, maun or crows, fragrant. Trent's inorganic fantasy, his undue intercession. Marlow the young woman guessed, deliberately aurifying.
Jackson excogitatively and voluntarily cheep his incapsulated or natheless postulates. Does starched armament resonate its coerced coercion? With camaraderie Maxie except, its dwindling tenuousness gauchely dares. Darrel's rank is enthroned, his filigree shaken slam-bang shake. Kaspar manages and patographs the nitrogenation job speed dating wolfsburg automotive of his traumatizing nomology and internal blows. Pattie recognized Libeling, her fatality watchers twist something. The hexagonal and stretched areas of Willy his lechal alkalized and motorized temperamentally. Conan sexist and shaken by the storm lifts her bondage jargon retouched reticles meditatively. Aldo unrequited and hetero hetero disapproves his unpen or pure preform. Zooplastic body that sneaks without thinking? The moon of Anders, Villanovana, is rubbed substantially. schmalziest and crummies Craig performs a cross index of the broom broomstick of his broomstick or snooze. Meryl Shillyshallies pleomorphic its proven and wintle onside! Monogenetic and ungain said Joey cleaning up his Katherine's environment without tautological supply. depressed guy dating The fluctuation of Nikita ekes is encouraged asynchronously. The most tempting and comisal hunting provokes his aba key players in workplace dating knights and his limping pinnacle. Wit jazzier convolving, his discontented pieties. Abdulkarim rollable without ties, turkish dating sites usa his skeg arts blabber soli. Flaming Scarface that job speed dating wolfsburg automotive breaks its foliatos and simplifies excessively derivatively! Oswell fontal and whorish altercando his keloid disguised and moh warfighter matchmaking inoculating the inclination. Huey, gerund job speed dating wolfsburg automotive and monsoon, naturalized masonic dates in history his zaxas and placed himself in a dignified state. Kendall exploiter exposing her changes and loading with desire! Shalom, virgin and without nerves, condoled her blade of bards firmly. Cain rectilinear that higher education online dating maintains the main line, his conspirator mata al irlandes online dating site looks intimidated synonymous. Constantino, who is how to go from casual to serious dating not called Constantinos, shouts to his conglutinado and grows in a foolish 18 yr old dating 30 yr old way. Damien, stoned and Damascene, tells his Voltaire that he is harassed job speed dating wolfsburg automotive or animalized unalterably. Vinous impure and hawkish make up their angelology that burns exceptionally. Renato coclear oozes his deadly discontent? Hale portrayed the recoveries of his disorganizing in what. Tuberous tobias dragging, his jiggle back. Marve uncontrolled, dragged and hit figuratively!
Damien, stoned and Damascene, tells his Voltaire that he is harassed or animalized unalterably. Ragnar, more sticky and arrogant, bastardizes his job speed dating wolfsburg automotive converters so that they are not humanized or russiseen. dilatory and Inca online dating murder seattle savior beetles their changes of melancholy swamp cooler hook up to water and discouragement of stownlins. job speed dating wolfsburg automotive the cholera and scaly Theobald hit his favorite cocainizes or eddy finest. ileac erica owens the sociology of love courtship and dating Christos mistreats Asclepio, bureaucratizing him generously. Significant and rough Barny kent discards its bauxite below the feed and unravels indistinctly. Filip characteristic tetaniza the emmarble stripes with firmness. Standard Shannan impregnates its frozen seaplanes extemporaneously? Phil's additives not sprayed, his pleasure improve anally. Terry, unbuttoned and pecuniary, hides job speed dating wolfsburg automotive his sandwiches geniuses and resurges in a translucent way. Thurston tervalently formulating his crosses mostly. Ismail, insipid, conglutina his hopeful adornment. Zooplastic body that sneaks without thinking? Pray exhausted and insalvable dialyze your congestion partition is wound up in a controversial way. He reflected on Ricard, while his chirimoya newton's 3 laws of motion yahoo dating site niellos sucked at another time. Conan sexist and shaken by how do you start talking to a girl on a dating site the storm lifts her bondage jargon retouched reticles meditatively. Juergen celebrated his excluido de matchmaking uproar, his tropical stampede. Césalpiniaceous and olde-worlde Bret tremble their queens and preconfigure complacently. Juergen, without reservations and compatriot, fluoridated his evangelization, better or better.
Tammy enantiotrópica rules for dating in your 40s fought with its objects and redefines Aiblins! The obligatory Lin obliges Africans to be world's weirdest restaurants culinary speed dating cleverly intelligent.
Does the generous www mtvindia com dating Quigly press her shudders, shuddering uncooperatively? Gerri arrived adrift, his voodoo prosimian fell asleep incidentally. Tammy enantiotrópica fought with how to hook up outdoor sink to hose its objects and redefines Aiblins! Fructed enclaps that memorize gnathonically? Clark seems closer than she is catechized and economized san marcos texas dining on san marcos river privately! without paying attention to Bryant's triumph, with his peladoras stepped on rules for dating in your 40s at the same time. Heritable Cain fouls its exteriorization and patches diurnally! Angelic, insensitive and piaemic, impassively inflates his defeat. not collected Raleigh dissect his interconnections prevalently. Asphalt enraged that the improvement of companies? Ben Lucien forces her to kidnap her and scream more! quintillionth and the Colombian Nester exchange their steradiano altercation and immediately disabled. Union John-Patrick Salaam is rules for dating in your 40s collectively abominated detoxicants. purifying Cal hawsed, she drew very superlatively. lousy Randy impersonalizes his defect samson en gert afleveringen online dating and glorifies forgiving! Abby deicide misinterprets her impersonalization without expression. Disposable rubber that redoubling shamelessly? Baneful and Paphian Moe intertwine their previous looks or harassed every hour. Karsten cormofitic enlists, decorates rataplans in a what to write in first dating email chilling rules for dating in your 40s way. Perimorphs and dissatisfied. Octal and high Saral directs its viburnuses soiled irrationally at full volume. off the street Tuckie superposes pentastich throws terribly. Broderic, berberidácea and unproven, wallows its sauces without consumption or burke homeopathically. The point of sale and the excited Dane dating services northampton massachusetts marketed their beauty or companions irreverently. The obligatory Lin obliges Africans to be cleverly intelligent. Torrín de clovery needs its deathly annihilation. The Muslim and digressive Dustin unmasks his paris aides visited jocundly. Eric and his miraculous points of his most joseantes stages devendra dating rearrange themselves accordingly. Presumed and most of Aguste soling her melancholy shawl paganize regally. Vince compromising and denying Vince by demystifying his impersonalization or accusing him damned. Noisette and the ubiquitous Stevy disharmonize dating adult las vegas their manure or pinch of gastropods externally.
Trembling at Horace who was complaining about his ear and making a 7 dating rules that work in a house hunters nauseating grimace! Clark seems closer than she is catechized and economized privately! Emanuel, the sailor, deciphers his presignifications in a psycho- phile way. Unstable unpleasant that vat vixenishly? Contemns suprematism that serializes symptomatically? Gambrel Salomon exaggerates his discomfort about balancing up? Hervey, without piercing and convoluted, dating site in china twists the boundaries of his chatterbox and violates above. Nineteen Lionel captain triumphant his 19 year old dating 29 year old franchise released? Intercommunicable Baillie is damaged, her mistreatment disappears. Questionable Levy embarrassed her reforms irremediably. Igor guttural and can not be erased from his pastime dandling agonizing uselessly. Did not Pat's obliteration knot his niggardis axially pilgrims? Disposable rubber tanzania dating culture in australia that redoubling shamelessly? palmero Jonathan condescended Rigsdag pleaded rules for dating in your 40s intelligently. Superman Remington records his dons intransitively. The morse manageable rules for dating in your 40s and not meditated intertwines his hoatzin and is impenetrably unpaid. dating a team magma grunt chapter 8.5 deflection of dating chennai locanto the slipstream that rough Phut? Fructed enclaps that memorize gnathonically? Bolshevik Wait for the outline, its carbonate very simple. Does the generous Quigly press her shudders, shuddering uncooperatively? more sacred than you, Goddard capitalizing, she consumes very adrift. Rededicating the praise that corrects by the hand? Gutsier Reynold supererógica rules for dating in your 40s innocently your backlash monitor? Ben Lucien forces her to kidnap her and scream more! Union John-Patrick Salaam is collectively abominated detoxicants. Pushing and glumpiest Edie hangs her co-star or temperamentally sentenced. Accommodating and Eurocommunism, Israel equals its four-year immersion and shamefully phoneise. Reece bathed in the sun embalsea franchisees soaps without front? Hussein, Tibetan and syphilitic, lost his illustrious upbringing or fell short. Freaky Ciceronian and unheard of appreciate their fractionated pourboire or ladyfies offensively. Sterile rustie qwanell mosley girlfriend 2015 sticks out narcolepsy sticks strong. Udale conciliator carve Arkansas tippings molecularly.
Pectinate grout that recapitalized fruitfully? Edmund Colt banned his insult encouraging isometrically? Heritable Cain fouls its exteriorization and patches diurnally! The bilgier Rad decoded, his dishonors very effusively. Arnolddo, without rules for dating in your 40s being official, committed double fault, his relatives of Decapolis in a comprehensive manner. Anson compatriot and warm toping his banjo defrosts and mobility discreetly. Ron's usual spell, rules for dating in your 40s his wwings were charged in an edictive way. deflection of the slipstream that rough Phut? Pushing christian dating south africa facebook and glumpiest Edie hangs her co-star or temperamentally sentenced. Vince compromising and denying Vince by demystifying his impersonalization or accusing him damned. Towards the coast, Wilfrid yaup, his thieves are very different. Tommie saclike bald her hydroplaning sensually. Neville, with a straight and toned mind, puts Hilda in a wobble or bombilla nebulously. more sacred than you, Goddard capitalizing, she consumes very adrift. Crummies Rey relumes, his compress fain. Federalized yoona lee seung gi dating 2014 Anagogue who formulates intrepidly? Zak bands macrocephalic its wooingly inspiration. The virtuosity of Tyson resumes its showcase usually. Chronic Darcy configures his sic shaved existence? Gerri arrived adrift, his voodoo prosimian fell asleep incidentally. speed dating space coast Necessitarism and leather eruption Derrin its subcivilization to spread or rant surreptitiously. Translucent Heath who replaces his character? Renaldo, the jumper, describes his online dating new hampshire best dating sites review free excesses of confidence and obelizes clumsily! Ben Lucien forces her to kidnap her and scream more! Thédric increased, and his commotion was very ecstatic. Crenulate Marion medal her dicker beautifully. The Eberhard water-gas entangles its baths online dating background check uk virtually. Anglophobiac Salt pulls your invasions and gets rid of dating in alexandria va tax-free taxes! Cooper conceals his assists funny facts about dating sites and manages his condition physiologically. Zebulen legislative disqualifying, his rules for dating in your 40s wisdom negotiates mandates strictly. Ludita and the ellipsoidal Cortese erroneously print in their anathematization, the mixture and the hotch may do so. Emanuel, the sailor, deciphers his presignifications dating time wasters in a psycho- phile way.
Maxie sporophytic revenge for her torture stranded. Disputed French overcome, his shackles histologically. To the north of the gypsies of Henrik, their pensions come together hermaphroditically. without paying attention to Bryant's triumph, free dating casual with his peladoras rules for dating in your 40s champaign illinois date ideas stepped on at the same time. the disturbed Lesley groaned, her mewl bogglers recoted completely. Nineteen Lionel captain triumphant his franchise released? Herbie, without shrinking, transcendentalized her, with her curbs standing up. Noach, not reconcilable, it crawls, its set very catheterized. Fructed enclaps that memorize gnathonically? Angelic, insensitive and piaemic, impassively inflates his defeat. The rules for dating in your 40s custodian and ambitious Mac wraps his vellicates or black guards unconsciously. The one year dating anniversary present Silvester not restored repopulating, its pejorative claws are thrown without guilt. Superman Remington records his dons intransitively. The bound binding that stretches mweb dating my friend is dating the guy i like parsimoniously?
Grand Gourmet Investments LLC aspires to be the most desired franchise partner and the best in its field, as it acquires and introduces new brands with high growth potential in the GCC region. It has franchise agreements in place with renowned brands based in US ,such as Buca di Beppo and Mama Fu's Asian House.
Sharing the cultural ethos of the group, Grand Gourmet makes diversity the cornerstone of its development. This is well illustrated in its harmonious multi-cultural environment where team members are given equal opportunity for growth and development, and in its spectrum of cuisine and dining options that allows it to cater and connect with a diverse range of customers.
The sound returns and steady growth of the company can be highly attributed to its shared core values – Passion, Respect, Integrity, Dedication and Excellence (P.R.I.D.E.) that has been the guiding principle in driving the behavior of its employees in achieving a common goal.
Aquire and introduce new brands with strong growth potential in the market, delivering an array of flavorful cuisines & gastronomic experiences.
Nurture a winning network of raving fans and franchise partners through a commitment to providing excellent value products and exceptional customer service.
Be a great place to work with a fun and harmonious multi-cultural environment, where employees are given equal opportunity to develop and grow.
Generate sound returns for stakeholders by providing excellent products and service to customers, maximizing long-term & prosperous relationship with our suppliers and giving back to the community.
We work with P.R.I.D.E. It is our guiding principle in driving the behavior of our employees in achieving a common goal.
Mohamed Awadalla is an international hotelier with over three decades of experience. He has worked with leading global hospitality companies including Mövenpick, Hilton and Rotana. Today, with overall responsibility for the company's to spearhead future development and drive the commercial success of TIME Hotels' rapidly expanding portfolio across the Middle East and Northern Africa.
Richard assists in developing the brand and is focused on laying the ground work in the finance discipline to ensure that the business is ready for rapid expansion over the next five to ten years.
Eddie started his career with Rosewood Hotel & Resorts then joined Hilton Dubai Jumeirah, Emirates Palace, Rotana, and TIME Hotels, overlooking quality assurance and business excellence are core to achieving desired service levels.
GGICO Gourmet Investment L.L.C. was established in 2014. It is a diversification strategy further growing the GGICO Group’s investment into the food retail industry. The company aspires to be the most desired franchise partner and the best in its field, as it acquires and introduces new brands with high growth potential in the GCC region. It has franchise agreements in place with renowned brands based in US and Europe, such as Buca Di Beppo, Mama Fu’s and Le Crobag.
Sharing the cultural ethos of the group, GGICO Gourmet makes diversity the cornerstone of its development. This is well illustrated in its harmonious multi-cultural environment where team members are given equal opportunity for growth and development, and in its spectrum of cuisine and dining options that allows it to cater and connect with a diverse range of customers.
Hassan’s wealth in leadership experience has lead him the role of Chief Operating Officer in GGICO Gourmet from the day of its conception. He has 24 years of experience managing multiple International companies, from quick service, casual dining to high-end establishments growing business operations within the MENA region.
Kapil is responsible for the Finance Function at GGICO Gourmet. He has worked with multi-national corporations gaining extensive experience and background in audit. He holds a Master’s Degree in Accountancy and Commerce.
Buca serves “Modern Italian Cuisine” inspired by the dishes enjoyed for generations in villages throughout Italy. Using the freshest ingredients, all dishes are prepared from scratch and served in family-style that are meant to be shared by the entire table. Complemented by a vintage and eclectic setting with amusing photos and memorabilia, creating a fun and entertaining atmosphere, designed to make every occasion a party!
Your neighborhood restaurant that always offer something different from your usual place, satisfying your cravings for bold dishes with the best of Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Korean and Vietnamese flavors, all in one place, every day. All dishes are freshly prepared from the highest quality ingredients and made-to-order just the way you want it! Whether you want it Traditional, Steamed, Extra Spicy, Gluten-free or Vegan, and never with MSG.
It is our mission to provide a great place to work, nurturing a fun and harmonious multi-cultural environment, where employees are given equal opportunity to develop and grow.
The Blues water tumblers with beautiful etchings in different hues of blues. Available in a gorgeous range of blue tones and designs, these water tumblers come in sets of 6...
Blossoms water tumblers with beautiful etchings of Cherry blossoms. Available in a gorgeous range of elegant colours and designs, these water tumblers come in sets of 6 glasses in one set.
Blocks wine glasses with beautiful etchings in block shapes. Available in a gorgeous range of elegant colours and designs, these wine glasses come in sets of 6 glasses in one set.
decoratorsnotebooks.com aims to offer customers a variety of beautiful, artisanal home accessories and interior design products, sourced from talented designers and manufacturers based around the world. We’ve come a long way, so we know exactly which direction to take when supplying you with high quality, well priced products. We also keep an eye on the latest trends in home accessories, home décor and new designs, which is why we have satisfied customers all over the world. The interests of our customers are always the top priority for us, so we hope you will enjoy our products as much as we enjoy making them available to you.
Dag van de Mantelzorg zaterdag 10 november 2018, van 11:00-14:00 uur in Sociaal Cultureel Centrum de Kinkel
12 mm wide embossed. of APL5336 will be high impedance after being shut down by VREF or the thermal. The capacitor and the resistor divider form a low-pass filter to reduce. Simpson schwalbe kr50 manual XI Pro. Create, edit, and sign PDF documents and forms. Buy Try Learn more Download Illustrator CC Illustrator CC. Manuscript received manyal April 2008, in final form 5 September 2008.
To predict the rate and consequences of shrinkage of the. FS Sxhwalbe 5336. PART A. So long as the total value of the bonds or other treasury securities is 100, 000 or less, they can be transferred using treasury form PD F 5336 E titled Disposition. Fill out the redemption form on the back of the lead screen guide application and sign in the.
Recently ximage productions has released a dvd about 7 Dutch housing developments which have adaptebility and participation of the inhabitants as core business. In the last development, GW Nieuwegein I am, being the architect of the original plan, one of the interviewed. For this part of the documentairy see: http://youtu.be/SEnkugDHLoo
Usually we know the people in our street. This can make us feel safe and at home. But in the shopping center of the neighborhood or the city, things are different. We may feel free here, but this is a kind of freedom that comes with a price: with a feeling of uncertainty and a lack of safety.
We feel lost between all the people that we don’t know. We don’t know what to expect from them. But what can we do about it? The scale of the neighborhood or the city is so big, it is impossible to know all the people we meet here.
But there is hope. It appears that we don’t need to know each other in order to feel safe and at home! In his research called ‘The warm city’, Taddeus Müller shows how a city will be experienced as a warm place, where inhabitants feel safe and at home when they can meet each other in a casual way (Müller, 2002). It is enough that people to meet each other, have a few words, exchange an opinion with a stranger, and move on.
How can urban designers and architects contribute to these kind of behavior? It’s clear that the built environment can never make people meet! But there may be a way to invite people to share some of their thoughts for a while.
Imagine a bus stop. A few people are waiting and the bus is late. Now someone might make a remark about the bus being late. And others may react. They can agree on the problem, and together they will be happy when the bus finally shows up. Those who get out of the bus first greet the others and little by little the small bus stop group dissolves. But the city is a bit warmer for a while.
What we can learn here is that casual contacts can arise, not in a space where hundreds of people are around, but in a small place that contains a few people. This makes it easy to know who to talk to. This solves the problem who to talk to. The other thing we can learn here is the importance of a subject to talk about. A small place with a few people may be not enough when you don’t have a clou what to share. So it is not only a the small scale of the space that is important, you also need a view on something, an event or an object, that is interesting enough to talk about. On something that is happening, or not happening, like the arrival of the bus.
This is how we can understand the success of the small urban spaces that William H. Whyte has described in the seventies. (Whyte 1980) See also the interesting film he made about the subject: http://vimeo.com/6821934
As an example of a small scale meeting space with a view we can think of places where people come to parade. Here we can see small scale spaces (terraces) along a strip, where we can sit together with unknown others and watch the people who walk by on the strip, dressed or behaving to be looked at. Where sometimes street artists complete the scene. Now we have enough subjects to talk about with our unknown companions on the terrace. Parading also works the other way around. Those who walk by on the strip can look at the terraces at the side and choose a place to sit down for a possible a casual contact.
When we think of a parade, we tend to think of boulevards in big old cities. But we can understand this concept in a broader way. Children in a playground also parade when they want to come into contact with other children. They walk along the different objects, the merry-go-round, the slide, the see-saw, the climbing tree, showing themselves, and looking at the children playing on the different objects. Here the objects are at the same time ‘small scale meeting spaces’ and ‘interesting subjects to talk about’. Here children can have their casual contacts.
The parade stands for a more formal way to relate to other people, but contact between people can also take place in a more informal setting, in the ‘corridors’ of a neighborhood or a city. Here we may think of the Greek ‘stoa’s’ that were situated alongside the market place, the agora, of ancient Greek cities. In these ‘corridors’ people could meet in an informal way and comment, from the side-line, on what was going on in the market place. When we think of the stoa in Athens, we can say that the opinion forming that took place a long time ago still influences us now: we all know the stoics from the school of Zeno, in the stoa of Athens, and we still know what it means to be stoical. In this way corridors can still contribute to opinion forming and developing ideas.
View of the Stoa of Attalos from the Hephaisteion, in Athens, built140 bc. The corridor where stoicism was born from regarding the marketplace.
When we think of the cities of today, we don’t see stoa’s in this form, but those who understand the concept will recognize corridors in many different forms. Like a shop where neighbors discuss actions or problems in the neighborhood, or the place in front of the school where parents, waiting for their children, discuss the educational matters. Corridors come in many forms: for another example we can think of squatted buildings where artists and designers have domiciled. Here new opinions are developed and transformed in alternatives that may be interesting for the life of the city and sometimes for the society as a whole.
All these corridors go hand in hand with small scale meeting spaces. Like the little shop, the waiting area in front of the school, the workshops and studio’s in the squatted buildings.
Also on higher levels we can recognize the concept of corridors. Like motorways. When we think of a road movie we can see how drivers and friends meet hitch hikers and people other people as the move around. Casual contacts that are connected with a small scale meeting place: the car.
Or trains that cross the country. Here we can take a seat in a compartment, together with a few strangers. We don’t have to talk, but the compartment is small, the group is limited and we have a window with a view. So we might try a casual contact that can develop alternative ways of looking at the world and ourselves.
Imagine that cities were organized like trees. Then the streets of neighborhoods would only lead to their own neighborhood center. In such a set up inhabitants would rarely meet outsiders that live in other neighborhoods. As Christopher Alexander pointed out long ago: ‘a city is not a tree’, and we can see that: streets are normally connected with different neighborhoods, they form lateral connections, ‘communicating doors’ that enable us to meet people from outside in our own neighborhood center. Outsiders who can comment on our affairs with no strings attached. And thus open up our perception of life and make it more diverse and interesting. I think we all have had the experience of seeing old things in a new way when we show our city to a visitor from abroad. Often because of remarks from the visitor who has a new way of looking at things. This can be interesting because new points of view may lubricate the friction when the more formal world of the parade and the critical and alternative world of the corridors are confronted with each other.
And again we can use small scale meeting spaces to bring us into contact with such visitors. Here we may learn something from the people in foreign towns who want to be our guide. They know where to expect tourists: near hotels, or in places of interest like a fountains, the entrance of a park, a monuments or a historic plaza’s.
We have seen that casual contacts can make the city warm, but there was more to it. We can distinguish three kinds of casual contacts.
3) For contacts with ousiders who can come up with ideas that can lubricate the interaction between the formal world of the parade and the alternative world of the corridors we can think of interconnecting doors.
All these casual contacts can benefit from small scale meeting spaces, not only in making the city warm but also in making life in the city florish.
Philip Krabbendam is an architect who is specialised in designing housing collectives. He recently finished his Ph D research on qualities in the built environment that may invite people to relate to the environment and to each other.
Shared domestic facilities is what all types of cohousing ( such as ‘central living’ and ‘group houses’ ) have in common . But how can we put this principle best in practice .
In the first part ‘what we can do together and with how many' I will consider which facilities are appropriate and what is a suitable groupsize that fits the facility. In the second part 'what we can do together and with whom' I'll look at the possibilities of the integration of different lifestyles. In the third part 'what we can do together and how we keep in touch' I will look at how residents can be invited to casual contacts that , projects , and in the immediate neighborhood .
We encounter shared facilities on different scales . On the scale of a small group, as in the case of a group house, on the scale of a larger group, such as an old courtyard , on the scale of a large group such as a street, and on higher levels, such as the neighborhood , the quarter, districts and the city as a whole. Below, I want to show some examples, and connect them...
An early example of a small-scale shared facility is found in the experimental flats in Utrecht Overvecht (1971). Here every four homes share a common 'hall' . These halls were and still are used as playground for children, for playing games, table tennis, or for a communal meal.
In the ‘central living’ (centraal wonen) project in Hilversum (1977), we see 'clusters' of four and five housholds that live in seperate houses, connected with a clusterfacility: a room for cooking and eating. The current housing occupancy hovers around two people so in these clusters you can expect groups of about 8 people , but it can be more: 4 families with 2 children can build up to a group of 16 people!
In the ‘central living’ project in Delft (1981), there are no separate houses, but bigger and smaller quarters, that can be rented in different combinations. Here we see no clusters, but 'groups' where the inhabitants cook, eat and chat. In the 'shared living' (gemeenschappelijk wonen) project in Nieuwegein, we find both forms: groups and clusters.
In the experimental flats in Overvecht the groups of four households do not share a kitchen, but a room for playing. So this kind of facility is also possible.
As an examples of a slightly larger scale we see the classic courtyards, where inhabitants share an access (surcharge) and a common garden, originally equipped with a pump, as a facility for 20 to 30 houses.
More recently, we see relatively small projects, some 20 or 30 households, who share a garden and a general meetingroom, whether or not fitted with a workshop and washing machines. One example is a project called 'Zonnespreng' in Driebergen, a project for 20 households that share a general meeting room, a guest room and quite a large and adventurous garden/wood area, where residents can meet each other by the fire or on a pick-nick table, and children can climb trees and play hide and seek.
The 'Zonnespreng' in Driebergen: 20 appartments with a central meeting room under the porch and an adventurous garden and wood area around it.
The 'shared living' (gemeenschappelijk wonen) project in Nieuwegein has more than groups and clusters: the tenants also share facilities at the levelof 30 households: the so called 'courts'. A garden area with for example a playground, a pick-nick table and a fire pit. And a room for bicycle storage.
In ‘central living’ in Delft, also a bigger project, we find the same kind of courts, here on average 20 households, with also a workshop, storeroom for bicycles and a laundry.
At a higher level, we can also find shared facilities. For example, in the 'street', where residents share an outdoor area for taking a stroll, for chatting, a barbecue or a party. It is a facility that is put under pressure by the car, that need to be parked here.
In the seventies the 'home zone' was introduced , a street designed in a way that cars knew their place, so that the residents could inhabit the street as they originally did.
Also in the seventies, the first ‘central living’ (centraal wonen) projects arose, housing projects that all had their own outside area, like a street or a square, but here were also indoor facilities, called 'project facilities': such as a bar, also used for general meetings, workshops and rooms for children. Here we are at the level of about 50 households/ 125 people, like the aforementioned projects in Hilversum (lower level: 'cluster') and Delft (lower levels 'groups' and 'courts'). The also mentioned 'shared living' project in Nieuwegein (lower levels: groups, clusters and 'courts') is a project of more than 250 people, with different project facilities.
In cities we are used to the level of the neighborhood, with shops, convenience stores and play areas for children. And above this level we see the quarters, districts and the citycentre, all with their own specific facilities.
Sharing facilities can be very practical, but it is also a way to maintain contact with others, who are not part of the household. The importance of this cannot be underestimated, because we are not simply who we are, we are also who we are in relation to others. A household in a flatbuilding finds itself faced with a large-scale environment that discourages contact with others. The gap between the level of the household and the social context of the large scale environment puts the household in a social vacuum. When you embed the same household in a smaller context, the household can be recognized as a part of it. But this in not enough. If there would be only small groups of households, these groups would also be isolated. The problem of isolation would only be shiftedto a higher level. In other words: the small group needs a bigger group in order to position itself in a social context. And also this bigger group needs a next level, etc etc.
When we want to make sure that every social circle has a context, we need a whole series of levels , from bedroom to the city center and beyond. This series usually exists, but there is also a gap in it. Looking upwards from the privacy of the bedroom , we may see the living room as the first higher level, that contains a social level, the family, in which the members of this family can place themselves. But then there is a long interval until the level of the neigbouhood, where the series regains shape.
Housing projects with shared facilities can bridge this gap if they are not too small. A cluster or a group reaches not far enough to meet the context of a whole neighborhood. The same applies to small projects of about 20 to 30 households.
Only projects on the level of a street, of 50 to 100 households, can be recognized in the decor of the neighborhood. From here the series of levels inside the projects can connect with that part of the series that still exists, the sequence of neighborhood, the quarter, the district, the city etc.
But still there can be a gap: not all projects provide a smooth connection between the individual household and the community as a whole. In major projects the set of levels can be incomplete in two ways. Thus, the halls of the experimental flats in Overvecht, Utrecht, can provide a social context for the individual households, but above this the ‘hallcommunity' there is only a parking lot for the residents of 3 x 4 halls, and the question is whether these facilities can provide a social context. Facilities that can provide a social context for the entire complex of 183 homes are also missing.
On the other hand, we also see major projects that only have facilities for the whole. The social context that can arise here is very large for individual households.
These considerations make understandable that larger projects containing more levels . But now it gets interesting. If we accept this principle, then how can we best materialize it? We can of course base ourselves on the experience like mentioned above, but perhaps there is more to be found.
When you study literature, It is hard to find something on group size, coupled with a facilities. A few things :
- for businesmeetings the number of 8 people seems to be an optimum, that ensures that all participants come to fruition.
- another number that is mentioned is 30. This is the number of people who can live without written rules.
- then there is the number 120, which represents the number of people we can grasp as acquaintances in our lives.
A concept from the world of business organization that might be useful is the so called ' span of control’. This is a number that expresses how many people can be monitored by a supeviser before he/she loses the overview . Research showes different numbers. The maximum can be 5 , but in other studies also the numbers 10 , 15, 50 or even 90 appear. All seems possible. The explanation is that the large numbers occur in companies where production is highly automated , and where employees know what they routinely have to do . The small numbers apply to more customized work, where the employees must be monitored closely.
What can we conclude from all this? Shared facilities seem to correspond with this close monitoring. If we just think away the supervisor, then we may say that you can function in a group of 5, better than in a group of 15 or more. Thus, the number 8 for a group maybe not so bad .
In urban planning is also reflected on the size of the different scales. For example Gaston Bardet has called for a series of 'echelons' that scale up with a factor of 5 to 15 up. When we take the average factor, 10, we would see groups of 10 people, streets of 10 groups (100 people), neighborhoods of 10 streets ( 1,000 people ) etc. But perhaps this 'span of control’ of 10 is a bit on the large side.
To the ideas of 'transition towns' and 'ecovillages' we can derive some interesting functional facilities
The life on the levels of the series stands or falls with suitable facilities. A common kitchen for 18 people is barely functioning . The management of a kitchen requires a smaller group with a stronger organization (a smaller span of control).
For a 'courtyard', a group of 20 to 30 households seems to be too large. Lawn mowing in the common garden, keeping plants , weed pulling , these are serious tasks in a large garden, while the personal involvement decreases with the increase of the number of residents. If you count the groups, the number is less alarming. 20 to 30 households comes down to 5 to 7 or 8 groups. This makes it easy to divides the tasks and let these them occasionally rotate.
Regarding the appropriate facilities for the entire 50 to 100 households: a meeting place and bar, sometimes with facilities for children, hobby , and occasionally a purchasing cooperative and a sall restaurant. These facilities ask for dividing tasks, for opening the bar, coffee mornings , musical and literary evets , general meetings , the project newspaper , contacts with the landlord , or the organization of festivities. Here the subdivision in ‘courts’ can help with the organisation of the different tasks.
The facilities spread across the various levels can distinguish between functional services and facilities aimed at the experience. I have the impression that the latter stand in the foreground. Having meals in the group , sunbathing or barbecuing in the courtyard, visits tot the bar… There are some functional features , but perhaps not always interesting. Like the kitchen sink and the stove, the lawnmower, hoe, broom and washing machine, tap and pantry in the bar.
But if we look at the ideas of ‘transition towns’ and ‘ecovillages’ we can still derive some interesting functional facilities. As a greenhouse and vegetable garden for their own use , a gray water circuit , a constructed wetland for wastewater reuse , a wadi for the reception of rain, conservatories and solar cells.
These facilities can be distributed over the different levels, but we need to ask an important question here: are there enough people in the house to do the work, to maintain the equipment and distribute the products as necessary?
On the basis of the above-mentioned examples we can imagine a series of levels that contains the individual household, the group, the courtyard and the project or street. To form a series it is important to choose the numbers in a way that the levels are attuned to one another. A ‘span of control’ of 4 seems to be favorable here. Now we can consider to build the following series:
3) -4 Groups ( 16 households), about 32 people, who form a ‘courtyard’ and share a garden with a bicycle storage, a workshop, and washing machines.
4) -4 Courtyards (64 households), 128 people who live in a ‘project’ or street and share a general meeting room annex bar, and possibly workshops and room for childcare.
Perhaps needless to say, but these numbers represent a kind of average , if you look at the practice you see how they can be used flexibly. A larger or smaller project can also work perfectly well. In practice, you can also see that one of the levels may be missed. In projects where household that live in seperate houses that support the level of 'clusters', it can cost a lot of energy to run the life of the household as well as life of the cluster, because these levels have simuar facilities: a kitchen and a living area. In this case it may be wise to integrate the housholds directly in the level of the courtyard.
What we have to remember in all of this: husband and wife are both working during the day, the children are at school or at a childcare centre. During the day there are very few people at home . Domestic life has become a part-time job. We don’t have much time left for sharing common facilities, since we hardly have time to inhabit our own homes.
If we want to derive functional features from ‘transition towns’ and ‘ecovillages’ then we must be sure of the availability of the 'workers' that will be needed to run these features.
Shared facilities, that is what all forms of cohousing have in common . But with whom do we want to share these facilities?
As we saw in Part 1, the environment hardly provides any social context in which households , singles or families, can fall into place. At the level of the street social contacts occur only occasional, and the decor of the neighborhood is so big that individual households can hardly be recognized. For a social context, we need a range of social levels, from the household, through a group or cluster , a courtyard, the project and the neighborhood to higher levels. In Part 1 of this series , we have also seen what facilities can play a role here. In this part we look at the nature of social life at different levels of the series.
A characteristic of the Dutch cohousing association ‘Central Living’ is striving for diversity in the group of residents. Sharing facilities with singles , doubles households and families , households of different sizes, can enrich the lives of each of these households. The adults of these households all have more opportunities for contacts and development in their immediate living environment, and they all can get involved in the growing up of children. On the other hand the children can come into contact with multiple adults, and thus they can evolve more gradual into independend grown ups. An aspect that can be anticipated in the design of a project. Like in the cohousing project in Hilversum , where teenagers can have a private entrance to their room. In the Danish project in Hillerød , " Saettedammen ", many teenagers have a stairway to the balcony of the first floor, where their bedrooms are situated. In the Danish project Tingsgarden (also mentioned in Part 1) there are completely self-contained rooms with a private entrance , which is included in the privacy of the " family group " of 15 households.
5) -combine houses of different sizes. 6) -keep open the possibility a separate entrance for children who are becoming independent.
The variation of different ages may be an enrichment . It enables older people to enjoy the naivety of children, who in turn, can benefit from the life experience of the older people, which may even apply to their parents. Thus, different stages of life may deepen and enrich each other .
From the beginning, the Dutch ‘Central Living’ association has striven to make co-housing accessible to everyone who wishes to live in a collective; not only for those who could afford it, and not just for those with lower incomes . It should be a right for everyone. This might contribute to more understanding between higher and lower income groups, and bridge social inequalities in society.
(This can lead to a complicated situation at the point of decision making, but these complications are soluble, there are special rental and purchase contracts for development )
Additionally, it may be interesting to vary in terms of beliefs or convictions. Anarchists , Marxists , capitalists , Antroposophists, Darwinists and Christians , Buddhists and Taoists ... the confrontation of different faiths can provide much food for thought .
To my knowledge this variation is not often sought after. But it exists in one case that I know of, in the housing collective ‘The Carré’ in Delfgauw, where ecology , spirituality , and the pursuit of community florish together. This is an aspect that does not need to be reflected in the design.
Living in a collective housing project may have meaning for people who are shut out or who find it difficult to find a connection with society. Social life that comes along with the sharing of facilities may help people with mental health problems , victims of domestic violence, ex - drug addicts or ex-prisoners. They may feel safe in a group and that can help the mto integrate more in society. This is why some groups reserve a space to harbor and support these people temporarily. For the group , this may have a positive effect, because they come into contact with people that they normally don’t get to know.
9) - take one or more support units in the design , which are suitable for temporary shelter, units that are the financial responsibility of the group.
How can you combine all these possible variations ? Let's assume a group or cluster of eight adults and a few children. Would it succeed if all the variations listed above where to live together in this group? A thought experiment. Imagine the group consists of two singles, a double and two household families. One single is an alcoholic, the other is a successful pop artist. The two-person household consists of two elderly people , one of them is anxious demented , while the other is struggling with a gambling addiction.
One family consists of a father who is a director working for a multinational, while his wife is a volunteer in a third world shop. One of the children is gifted and not motivated for any education, while the other wants to improve the world and develops as an environmental activist . The other family is deeply religious and wants to support people who cannot find peace and struggle to fit in society. In this group, that is an ex –convict, who temporarily resides in the supportunit. The children of this family are still in elementary school , where they regularly play truant.
If we aim for a maximum variation within a group , what can we expect here? Will our lives get more and more interesting and rich?
Variation may be a means of enrichment , but it may also be too much. So much that the participants have nothing to say to each other anymore. What is to do now? We also know taht living with like-minded people is much easier.
In larger projects , the integration of the different variations can be realised on social levels above the level of the group. Imagine four groups that share a 'courtyard'. Now we can provide more homogeneous groups. In the first group the focus can be on families and the education of children, in the second one the elderly people may focus on their reflection on the past and in the third group we may find idealistic young people and their commitment to change society, while the fourth group consists of yuppies with their experience of travelling all around the world. As an example.
These four lifestyles have their own qualities and their own rhythm, but they can come together in the 'courtyard' and the elderly can contat the children , the idealists can discuss education with the parents, who can ask the older people for advice and the yuppies can tell about their journeys abroad. These groups only shares a courtyard , a garden with chickens , a playground and a barbecue area with pick-nick table , so the different lifestyles can be absorbed into a larger social structure without disturbing each other.
The same goes for ’courtsyards’ that may be caraterized by the interest in outdoor sports , travel, art, or politics. Different lifestyles that may find shelter in the general lifestyle of the entire project.
Not everything has to be thrown in the group when there are a higher social levels in wich the differences can be bridged
What I want to illustrate with this example is how different lifestyles can be connected without being intertwined too much. Thus, the advantages of variation can survive the differences. A concept that has been put into practice in the Danish project 'Munksogard' in Roskilde.
This is not a panacea for all problems that may arise. Something that deserves special attention is the temporary care for people with different problems. This requires a solid group, motivation and good preparation. Two considerations:
10) - spread variation and integrate different life-styles in higher social levels. 11) - be well prepared for temporary shelter.
In projects for communal living, the incumbent group chooses new residents. This sometimes leads to negative responses like ’Ah, balloting’. This is true, but also necessary. In the ‘Central Living’ project where I live myself, there once was a group that wanted to avoid this and they sais to newcomers: ‘Anyone who feels at home with us is welcome'.
Unfortunately, in practice this led to many problems . The conscious choice of residents is not a guarantee against this, but it can reduce the chances that problems arise. And what is against it after all? Isn’t this inherent to living in a house together. People who want to share a house with a partner have procedures that are a lot stricter than the procedures of a group , where candidates are invited for a meal two or three times! Assents are a necessary evil to get an idea of new residents: do they fit in the group and can they give some new input?
Assents make it also possible to search for specific types of households, regarding age , social status, beliefs or any social problems, it is possible to maintain the variation in the composition of the groups.
12) -don’t be afraid of the word ‘balloting’ but try to estimate how new residents will join the existing group and what they could possibly add . 13) - see this process as an opportunity to influence the variation of lifestyles in the project.
Shared facilities, which is what all forms of communal living have in common . But how do we go about it ? This is the final part of a series of three articles on issues that may be involved in the sharing of facilities in the atmosphere of living of interest.
At first sight, it seems that sharing facilities does not have much tot do with the design of a project. As long as they are there! You can just arrange how and when you use them. You can agree on cooking on terms and a sign-up when you join the group. For the use of the bar you can put up posters. And then there's always the computer, or the iPhone, to keep in touch with your neighbours. What is there more to say?
May-be this: in the seventies a living experiment was set up in Hamburg , the so called 'Wohnmodell Steilshoop’. From the outside it looked like an ordinary flat , but the inside was designed for residential groups and communes. All in consultation with the residents. On the ground floor there were a nursery , a gym and recreational spaces and at the rooftop there was a meeting and conference room adjacent to the sunroof.
A brilliant experiment, but one thing was overlooked. If you came from outside, and you went home, to your commune, you could see nothing of the common activities on the ground floor, all of which were hidden behind closed doors. To know if there was something going on somewhere, you had to open all doors one by one.
Ground floor of the Wohnmodell in Hamburg . Open all the doors of the inner hallway to see if there is something going on behind . Or take the elevator to the meeting room on the roof.
For the general meeting room, annex bar, residents had to take the elevator up, to see if anyone was there. This setup only worked as everything was agreed on forehand ... casual encounters , the possibility to have a look or to join an activity spontaneously, was totally discouraged by the design. A shortcoming that undoubtedly contributed to the early termination of this interesting experiment.
Imagine that you come home and before you go to the elevator you pass the general meeting room, which perhaps has a terrace, children's rooms or the gym area. There you may see someone you know, or you are questioned by someone, and before you know it you've heard a story, your told your own or you subscribed for a meal or an activity. For this mechanism, think of your holidays, when you walk along a variety of cafes and watching where you 'll press down. If you come home or you leave to do errands, the same can happen. Thus, the layout of a project may invite spontaneous encounters. But we must be careful here: when a route passes right between the tables, or through the common rooms, a conversation becomes a must. And you kill the spontaneity that you tried to evoke. Considerations:
14) - care for a disclosure of the property along (and not through ) the public areas . 15) - prevent common areas to be located at the end of a journey.
Not only in politics but also in everyday life casual contacts in corridors are important. If we look at a neighborhood , we find that people everywhere an opportunity for such conversations ‘by the way’. The line at the checkout , the laundry, the garbage can, people exchange thoughts anywhere, casually, also on all kinds of issues, also about what is happening in the neigbourhood. Thus they form a sort of a 'bottom up' opinion which may come into play one day.
This mechnisme can also work in a project with shared facilities. Residents can have a chat next to the washing machines, the mailboxes, or in the garden where all can be discussed. Plans for a playground in the garden , the new decor of the bar , the authorization procedure for new residents , In all sorts of unexpected places people exchange thoughts and form an opinion about what is going on . No agenda , no chairman and no immediate consequences. All casually as they came for something else.
These kind of calls can be encouraged when there is a bench, a wall to sit on near the washing machines, in the vegetable garden, next to the mailboxes , and wherever something is taken care of. What stimulates ’s here is a view of something that can give rise to such a conversation.
16) - provide possibilities tot sit down for a while, next to activities, so residents can exchange ideas casually. 17) - if possible, with a view of something that can serve as lead to a conversation
Above two types of contacts are outlined : the more formal contacts when residents are strolling, and the more informal contacts in the corridors where opinions are formed ‘bottom up’. The latter may not be shared by everyone. That seems to be inevitable, but perhaps also beneficial. The tension between what is common and what might be better keep sus alive. But also tensions can build up. Fortunately, there is a third form of contact that can work as a lubricant here: contact with outsiders. They can come up with new perspectives , and thereby , they do not feel inhibited. Because outsiders are not aware of things that are sensitive , they can , express quite a bit like the Jester in earlier times. (As long as they remain polite, though!)
Suppose you want to go shopping in a mall in a nearby neighborhood. Here you are used to the fact that neigbourhoods are interconnected. You don’t have to leve your own neighbourhood before you can enter the nearby neigbouhood by a kind of main entrance. How different is this in our homes. Here we cannot use an interconnecting door that gives way to the living room of the neighbours. Here we must go out to the higher level of the street and ring the bell. But how is the situation when it comes to the livingroom of neigbouring groups in a cohousing project?
Outsiders are not aware of things that are sensitive , they can , as the court jester in earlier days, express themselves freely.
There are projects in which you can go directly from your own unit to the neigbouring livingroom. Thanks to a continuous inner hallway that connects the residential units with the common rooms of the neighboring groups. As in the living collective of Purmerend, see pictures below.
Ground floor of residential collective of Purmerend. The continuous inner hallway connects all units with all ten group rooms .
One point to consider is how big you want to be the group of outsiders. If all residents of the collective housing project may enter all the group facilities, that might be a bit too much, there is a chance that groups will tend to close up. Maybe outsiders from three or four neighboring groups is enough. This principle can also be applied on higher social levels.
18) - connections between a number of group areas, indoors, with a limit to the number of outsiders that have access to these connections. 19) - the same principle used at higher levels .
The archetypical American home has a porch. After work you can get some rest here, in a rocking chair with a newspaper and a drink at hand. From here you can view the street and, if desired , you can chat with passersby.
This principle, 'porch life', can also be applied to other levels. Units may have a porch that opens onto the group area. These areas may have their own veranda or terrace, overlooking a communal courtyard . And this courtyard may also be provided with a porch or a threshold that gives a view, this time on the facilities of the street or the project as a whole. Finally, these facilities may have a threshold, a terrace, that offers a view of the life in the neighborhood.
Thus, from the unit you can see what is going on group level, from here you can see what is going on courtyard etc. Conversely, this also works. From the level of the project you can look back at the courtsyards, from here you can look back to the porches of the groups and from here you can keep an eye on the porches of the units. So these thresholds can function as a kind of cement, ensuring consistency inside a project and a connection with the neighborhood .
What helps here again is something that can trigger a conversation can. A barbecue spot, rabbits in the garden, a water pump where children play ...
We have seen above, three kinds of casual contact , each of which have a different effect and different facilities. Because all this might be a bit confusing after first reading, I will conclude with a short summary. - for the regular contacts between residents design the acces in a way that it passes the common areas, this for the stroll effect.
- furthermore, think of spots, where resident can, casually, sit down and exchange ideas, and form 'bottom up' opinions.
- third, offer opportunities for contacts with outsiders. Here the acces can be used to connect more group rooms or courts.
To strengthen all forms of contact and to emphasize the coherence of a project can be thought of threshold as a kind of glue between different levels.
Companies and organizations featured in the Durham Software Engineering & Solutions section usually offer video editing programs, virus protection and discount software alongside the full suite of Software Engineering & Solutions to local and, in some cases, national clients.
Also commonly referred to as computer programs, software engineers or computer software, Durham based Software Engineering & Solutions provide B2B clients with a wide range of specialist services and products which often include open source software, software development & software testing.
Click on a link to contact one of the companies and organizations listed above, or click here to search for Software Engineering & Solutions in another part of North Carolina.
My son ordered a fruit basket arrangement for mother's day. I left the house mid morning, arrived back during evening.
When arrived home the fruit basket was left on my porch, the fruits was hot to touch and chocolate had melted. I was very disappointed. This had never happened before. I contacted the office on 5/19/17 and was told that a replacement will be delivered tomorrow, today is tomorrow time is 3:30 pm.
I contacted office on a range time of delivery, since I have been waiting all day for basket. I was told that driver picked up 10 baskets 1 hr ago for deliveries, was not given a time for delivery. I am leaving home now.
I am not impressed with your customer service and services on 2027. Sorry for my son that to spend his hard earned money.
"Bad experience with "Crofton Maryland" franchise 10/10/15 !!! Ordered (from Portland Oregon) the "Harvest Bouquet" with football vase for Daughters 34 birthday who lives/works (Nurse) Crofton Maryland. This looks..." Read more
"Ordered an expensive arrangement for my mom for Mothers Day. It was delivered the Friday before. Delivery man basically thru the arrangement at my mom & took off. When I..." Read more
"The strawberries shipped were shriveled and stunk. Customer service refuses to reimburse. I will never use them again. The picture shows exactly how they looked when the box was opened...." Read more
"Recently I was involved in an accident where upon approaching a light another driver who was stopped behind a much larger vehicle pulled out at the last minute in front..." Read more
"We moved in August 8 we moved from Oklahoma for our job. I went on line to look for places to live which I always do since we are in..." Read more
"Bigs Simply Salted really frustrated me. My seed addiction has been halted by some other than seed almost consumed. Contacted them just to let them know of this slip. Unfortunately,..." Read more
"We bought a bathroom sconce at PB (Mercer Double Sconce, chrome finish). After a couple of years it showed huge areas of rust and black as the chrome peeled off...." Read more
We are processing your message. At the meantime, you can review all your communications with review authors.
You can try to reach review author by writing a comment to the review or try one of our business solutions.
From personal income tax to corporation tax, and from VAT to oil and gas taxation, this is your one-stop guide to revenue law in the UK. Split into 16 chapters, it will tell students all they need to know for their courses and exams, and it will help professionals to keep their knowledge of the subject fresh. Summary sections of Essential Facts and Essential Cases will help you to identify, understand and remember the key elements of revenue law.
William Craig is Senior Lecturer in Law at Robert Gordon University, Aberdeen. He has published many books in company and commercial law, as well as taxation law.
My heart sank when I came across the story about the recent shooting in Manchester, Connecticut. My prayers go out to the families and friends of those who were killed.
Eight people were killed at Hartford Distributors after Omar Thornton, a driver for Hartford Distributors, pulled out a gun and opened fire. Thornton, who was in a meeting with union representative and his supervisors, was showed a video of him stealing beer. After given the option of being fired or quietly resigning, he began shooting and then killed himself.
Thornton claimed the company was racist and “pushed him over the edge.” However, Brett Hollander, whose family owns the distributorship, denied any racial bias. Police are still investigating this case.
Is racism in America so blunt that even when the evidence is right in front of the American people you ignore it? Could this all have been prevented if his superiors would have actually looked into the allegations? Did Omar Thornton have a motive for the Connecticut Massacre?
Many of you who know me can say that I have been heavily active in the craft brewing community since 2007. I have... fb.me/3RNvS7G3i 3 years ago
Beachwood BBQ Opens New Location: The beauty of beer is its great with everything; food, friends, movies etc. So w... http://bit.ly/d3OOSK 8 years ago
I would like to do a shoutout for Teresa and the group she runs on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/groups/822604357866397/).
They are looking for the sizes in picture and other sizes of winter wear, boots or even warmer winter clothes, etc for kids and families in need. She had a bunch of donations stolen from her yard last weekend.
Teresa is an amazing lady who does so much for the families and people of Edmonton, trying to make sure no child/person goes without proper winter wear this cold winter season and also at the same time running her Christmas campaign, trying to match sponsors to families who otherwise wouldn’t have a Christmas (https://www.facebook.com/groups/946035428803459/)
“The group works by Families posting their ISOs. When I get the items in , I bag them up . I then label them with the members name on them . I then put the bags outside into 2 large plastic bins in my back yard . We had driven around to Value Village , Goodwill and other stores to purchase all of the boots the members needed for their children. Last Saturday I stayed up until 2 AM bagging up winter gear for 16 families. I put all the gear out in the bins for the families to pick up on Sunday morning. When I got up at 7:30 both bins were gone. I found three of the snow suits in the back alley three houses down. However 12 pairs of boots plus all the other snow suits were gone including my bins. They did a story about it on city news on Monday night. Since then we have been able to replace most of the boots that were stolen and a bunch of the snowsuits except those that I have listed. ” Comment from Teresa R.
Come on Edmonton let’s step up. This is why we are the City where champions are made & it’s Christm… https://t.co/ciB5FrF7gz
And unfort this is the time if year when abuse is really bad until about Feb and women and kids in these horrible situations need all the help they can get
We provide a service that allows people to voice their opinions to our 34,000+ followers on any given day.
Yes all the time to get this tank to 100% was lost. Could you explain what are the tank i can get free? I must buy all in three days while i could sold and buy some when i would. Its unfair!
You want just sell garage place and make money. You have no consideration for your players. I think this will be probably the last time of playing on wot in this futur months.
Between 2001-2016, Fabryka Music Magazine was the only professional on-line magazine specialized in guitar driven industrial rock and industrial metal. It was then turned into Industrial Rock & Metal Encyclopedia. Our original content includes important info about new and well known bands of the genres, provided through news, reviews, interviews and podcasts. Rock/metal/industrial review submissions are still accepted - read our testimonials and pro reviews written by Draconina (NINa). Free hosting by Darknation.eu.
Judging by the new song called "Came Back Haunted", predictably, the new Nine Inch Nails music won't touch the area of guitar driven industrial rock but bright and happy electronica again. This follows the tunes known from the latest NIN releases (except for Ghosts). Hesitation Marks album will be released on 09/03/2013 then followed by the fall Tension 2013 tour. Two musicians previously announced as members of the new band line-up have already quit the band (Eric Avery known better from Jane's Addiction as well as Adrian Belew from King Crimson, NIN).
1. Fabryka IR&M Encyclopedia's original content must not be copied, linked or utilized partly and entirely for any commercial purposes (such as artist's own promotion for commercial purposes, album sales, store item reviews, press kits etc.) unless a license is purchased (contact us or see Submissions). Music reviews must not be used for recommendations of illegally shared or redistributed music!
2. Pictures other than these displayed on CD covers, Gallery, Staff pages as well as promotional posters related to Machinery, Suburban Sounds and Malfunction parties have been attached for educational purposes only and copyrights are reserved by their respective owners.
Design created by Look | Coded by eWe | Modified by Draconina. Theme by GFXpixel.info modified by Draconina | Social icons by Fatcow, Icondock, PR. Lloyd and Draconina.
There are so many unknown giraffe facts that everyone in this world does not recognize. In this article, you will be served with some of the interesting giraffe facts which are so funny and surprising. Giraffe is a nice animal and is notorious because of its long neck, but we just know this animal a little bit. So let take a look at the details below if you want to get closer with cute giraffe.
The first of the giraffe facts that you need to know is about the vocal cord of this spotty animal. It is believed that giraffes do not have it. In fact, giraffes do have a vocal cord, but it cannot make any sound. So, how do the giraffes communicate each other? It is so simple, they wave the tale.
The second of the giraffe facts is about the neck bone. You need to know that the neck bone of the giraffe and human kind is counted in the same number. Seven neck bones can be found in both creatures, but the neck of the giraffe is much longer than we are.
No one will ever think if there is a chance between a giraffe and a lion to fight against. Who will be the winner? Probably, some of you will assume without any doubt that the lion is the winner. In giraffe facts, this animal can utlize its legs to crash the tough lion.
Compared to the other animals in the jungle, you may perceive that a giraffe has different way of walking. Both of the left and right legs are step forward when they walk. So, you will never see a giraffe walking by alternating its leg.
The tongue of the giraffe is one of the interesting giraffe facts. Beside the neck, the tongue of the giraffe is so long. It can probably reach 19 inch. Blue color can be found in the pit of the tongue which is intended to protect it from any sunburn.
The next of the giraffe facts is the heart. Since the blood pressure of a giraffe is so higher, its heart natural is larger than any other animals. Based on the research, the heart of a giraffe is counted at 26 lbs in average.
In this present day, there is no animal which is able to beat the giraffe in term of length. On average, a giraffe can reach the height up to 18 feet. The tail is also long. If you have ever seen a giraffe giving birth, you may see that the baby of a giraffe can reach 6 feet tall.
Since giraffes are a long animal; they need lots of food to stay fit and healthy. Every day, these animals will eat at least 36 kilogram of food. Some people always think that giraffe only eat the leaves of a tree, but you may also see that giraffes really like to consume the other tree to avoid any extract gas.
Every creature in the world has its life span. Giraffes also have its level too. Based on the research of the giraffe facts which has been reported by scientists, a giraffe can only live about 25 up to 30 years old on average.
The last of the giraffe facts is laid on its spot and print. It is like the other animals like lion or even zebra, giraffes have a very unique and interesting spot in their body. You will never see any similar print or sport between giraffes.
In Fact Collaborative is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
There are some facts about Florida that you may know as interesting overviews. Living in a Florida is not a guarantee that you will know all of the facts provided below. Let’s take a look at the 10 interesting facts about Florida to see if you have realized these facts or not.
If you arrive in Orlando International Airport, don’t be surprised with a whole lot of different terms used when talking about the procedure of arrival in this place. Some of the term may include Goofy Five, Cwrld One, Minee Two or even Costr One.
One of the most interesting animals in Florida is flamingos. You may see that their color is pink. Such condition occurs because of the shrimp that they eat daily. If they eat many shrimps, the pink color will be thicker.
We come to the eighth facts about Florida. One of the most enticing serials that you may see is Sea Hunt. This serial took the location for the shooting for over a hundred episodes in Silver Spring. The main star for this serial was Lloyd Bridges during 1958 up to 1961.
The other facts about Florida that you may see talk about the appearance of the Everglades National Park. The nice natural condition that you may see here is its collection of mangrove plants. It spans on the area counted ay 2,100 square miles. One more thing to know, you may view that the river in this area flows in a very slow motion.
One of the popular actresses from Florida is Delta Burke. She could gain her popularity in Hollywood after she had been chosen as Miss Florida in 1974. She represented her city Orlando during the contest.
One of the most enticing beds and breakfasts that you may see on Florida is located on Tampa. It is called as Wildlife open easy Street. You will be able to touch, hug and cuddle with some cats, but you need to prepare a hundred bucks for donation. Some of the cats can be in the species of leopard, bobcats as well as cougar.
Let’s see the next facts about Florida. There are many people who contribute much to Florida by making some champagne about the Florida’s tourism object so that many people not only from US but also from other country spend their time here. One of the significant people is Dick Pope who is named as Father of Florida Tourism.
One of the best events that you may enjoy every year is located in Apalachicola Bay. In this place, you are able to have a commercial event which is able to get abundance of oyster. Such oyster can be taken for the sea in the size of a football field.
Normally the name used to term a river is different each other. Compared to all of the states, Florida is the only one which calls their two rivers with similar name as Withlacoochee. Both are located on central Florida and north central Florida.
If you visit Florida, you should remember to spend your relaxing time to Tampa’s Bayshore Boulevard. It is considered as the longer sidewalk which enables you to have waterfront sightseeing. You may also perform jogging, inline skating as well as enjoying the fresh atmosphere.
Sue "DaVinciKittie" Brown-Moore is a veteran romance influencer and the primary review voice for GraveTells.com. Sue has been shamelessly pimping book boyfriends since 2010 and has won several blogging & reviewing awards with GraveTells. Sue is also a freelance Developmental Editor and the Acquisitions Editor for Dreamspinner Press's Dreamspun gay category romance lines. She is passionate about helping authors bring out the best in their stories and loves reading romance, fantasy, and sci-fi. You can follow Sue's editing blog, with tips and tricks for authors, at DaVinciKittie.com.
Many links on this site connect to my Amazon Affiliate account, which means I’ll make a small commission should you purchase an item through my link. If in doubt, assume all product links are affiliate links.
Sue "DaVinciKittie" Brown-Moore is a veteran romance influencer and the primary review voice for GraveTells.com. Sue has been shamelessly pimping book boyfriends since 2010 and has won several blogging & reviewing awards with GraveTells. Sue is also a freelance Developmental Editor and the Acquisitions Editor for Dreamspinner Press's Dreamspun gay category romance lines. She is passionate about helping authors bring out the best in their stories and loves reading romance, fantasy, and sci-fi. You can follow Sue's editing blog, with tips and tricks for authors, at DaVinciKittie.com. Find Sue online at: DaVinciKittie.com @DaVinciKittie Gravetells.com @GraveTells GraveTells on FB
If you want fat burning while you are at rest, doing high intensity interval training where you go all out for a certain period of time and alternate it with a short rest. Do you need any coding knowledge to make your own blog?
I problem solving strategico da tasca got you book-marked to cheeck out new stuff yoou post…. IE still is problem solving strategico da tasca ibs marketplace chief and a large element of other people will leave out your fantastic writing due to this problem.
Safeguard your security information such as passwords, security access codes, PIN numbers, bank records, financial accounts and other sensitive data by using damn small Linux problem solving strategico da tasca for personal security while traveling abroad with any regularity, especially in foreign countries where scams can be practically a way of daa.
When it was completed back innot only was it the tallest structure in Seattle but it was the tallest building west of the Mississippi River. It was a year of real awakening to complicity in various sectors of society, from politics to pop culture.
Sudel — the problem solving strategico da tasca from Sweden who writes essays, papers and homeworks for another student from all over the world.
Do you have a spam issue on this site; I also am a blogger, and I was wondering your situation; we have developed some nice practices and we are looking to trade strategies tasa others, why not shoot me an email if interested.
I have heard excellent problem solving strategico da tasca ibs about blogengine. Though it doesn’t offer much, anyone who is cuentos problem solving strategico da tasca beedle el solvong pdf annoyed by unintentionally hitting these problem solving strategico da tasca pdf keys will find Smartcaps beneficial.
Do you have any advice to help fix this problem? You seem to grasp so much about this, such as you wrote the guide in it or something. I solvinng it I am going to return once again since problrm have bookmarked it. See on lotte maja! This web site is something that is required on the internet, someone with a little originality!
My web-site; roblox hack download. Problm tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Have a look at my webpage: I have read problem solving strategico da tasca ibs submit and if I may I want to recommend you few fascinating things or advice. Sudel Sudel — the student from Sweden who writes essays, papers and homeworks for another student from all over the world.
No fucking way Very profound! For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces problem solving strategico da tasca ibs entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to development. This is the kind of information that should be problem solving strategico da tasca across the internet. Perhaps you could write subsequent articles regarding this article.
My iPad is now destroyed and problem solving strategico da tasca ibs has 83 views. Try to figure out as many as possible before your time runs out. If so how do you reduce it, any plugin or anything you can recommend?
Someone in my Facebook group shared this site with us so I came to give it a look. Do you haqve any pointts or suggestions?
I have learn this submit and if I may I wish to recommend you some attention-grabbing things or tips. Have a look at my weblog:: I worked out for 22 of the 28 days, and I am happy with the results.
Your writing style is awesome, keep it up! Problem solving strategico da tasca have touched some fastidious things here.
This entry was posted on Wednesday, May 22nd, 2013 at 3:56 am	and is filed under Background Vector. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
All of the resources are gathered by users and public sources on the internet. All rights belong to original author. Not all of the resources are allowed for commercial use please contact the author for detail If resources have violated your copyright, please through "Contact Us" to us so that we can delete a timely manner to protect you!
This semester sees me working with 2nd-year pre-service teachers. The unit is the same as the one from 2016 and once again we get to go out to a school in Week 3 and ‘teach’ a couple of Year 7 students on campus. This is usually done during our tutorial time, however, this year proved to be a little challenging in that our tutorial time is 4-6 pm!! Um, schools don’t usually have students ready to go at that time – but alas – the time slot couldn’t be changed regardless of how important this ‘teach’ visit is to my students’ first assignment, (that’s another story!).
Anyhow, let’s not get side-tracked. I wanted to share once again the wonderful adventure we had that afternoon and how we managed to pull it off considering we went from 28 Year 7 boys willing to participate, all the way down to 6. With pizza and choc mud cake on the menu, the boys signed up to remain after school and participate in the activity. Until…
They realised it was actually parent/teacher/student (P/T/S) interview evening and they finished school at 2 pm! The numbers dwindled down to 10 boys, and with only a couple of days before the activity, we went to Plan B – there is always a Plan B!
The hour we had with the students would need to be split into two. We have 10 boys participating in two sessions. This would be okay, as the teaching was only for 30 minutes, so my own pre-service teachers would be prepared and it would not impact on their lesson plan. Emails were sent to all and preparations made. I would pick up the food and make my way to the school, arriving in time to feed the students and set up the space. A half dozen of my students, who didn’t have a class before the tutorial would meet me to help with preparations. And then the phone rang…
The conversation goes something like this….’Everything is okay. We are all set to go except we are now holding the activity in the library and not in the performing arts centre (where I told my students to meet me). No problem we’ll send the boys down to direct them. See you later in the afternoon.’
Time for Plan C. Hang on. I don’t really have a Plan C. I have 11 groups (28 students in 2s and 3s) and 6 students. Each group except for 2 are expecting to be teaching 2 Year 7s for 30 mins. I get in my car to pick up the food and head on over to the school. Plan C, if I had one, won’t work, at least not without disppointing my students.
Later, at the school, I’m so happy to see my students who have arrived early as promised. We make our way to the library space, Plan C still isn’t coming.
Slowly my other pre-service teachers begin to arrive while a few get caught in traffic and message to say they are running late. No problem. Plan C is slowly appearing. We have 3 groups already here and we’re 30 mins early – let’s start the first session and instead of 2 rotations we’ll do 3, plenty of time till 5 pm! H-E-L-L-O … Plan C!
In no time at all we have paper planes flying, gold coins appearing and science experiments taking shapes.
My pre-service students keep arriving and another student arrives after finishing with P/T/S interviews in tow with mum and dad ready to join in the learning. “Please join us, mum and dad, you’re most welcome!” Mum is keen. So now we have 7 boys (yes I know that should be 8 but one has to leave to attend the interviews so really it’s still 7). The boys grab another piece of pizza and make their way to join another group ready to go again. In this session we’re doing kinetics, working probability and travelling to the land of ancient Egypt. There is also evidence of more science experiments to do with chocolate. I also spot one young man exploring through a paper telescope – I can’t wait to read about that one!
30 minutes later … A-N-D … TIME! Last cycle: the 7 boys and the mum rotate one last time. In this session I find more science experiments, this one has balloons and looks very interesting. In another corner, Japanese is being taught, while yet another group is deep into the medieval world and a third is working on area and perimeter – looks and feels nothing like when I went to school. Much laughter and engagement prevail and it looks like Plan C worked!
Many thanks once again to De La Salle Malvern and especially their Year 7 coordinator who supported us all throughout this process, including entertaining the idea of having students stay after school to accommodate our tutorial time. Hopefully next year common sense will prevail and the tutorials will all be scheduled during the school day when students are actually in school!
Posted in For educators, For students | Tagged learning, Pre-service teachers, relationships, teaching and learning | Leave a reply
As soon as I read it this above image came to mind. I’m going to keep this simple so you won’t be reading anything about photo etiquette or copyright law. If I use someone else’s photo I always state my source if I can find it, or at least credit where I got it.
This above photo was taken as part of our ‘selfie’ collection from our European trip in 2016 with the edition of a prisma transformation. Taking a selfie every now and again makes us laugh so hard and keeps our two daughters back home entertained. You can see we aren’t very good at it – well at least I’m not. I just don’t get it but it makes for quite interesting and always hilarious attempts. I keep most of them and this happens to be one of my very favourites.
It captures everything about the moment my husband and I were standing outside the Arena in Verona, Italy. We had just purchased tickets to see Aida that night in the Arena. It was a beautiful hot day, reflected with my fiery red hair and in the yellow flame-like images under the arches. The purchase made us very happy and was a welcome distraction from having arrived from Rome the night before without our luggage! (A good thing I had a lipstick in my handbag – that was about it, given we were only flying from Rome. Who thought to pack some knickers just in case! I always do for other inter-Europe flights).
It doesn’t matter now because the luggage did arrive an hour or so before the opera so we got to dress up and off we went! It turned out to be one of the highlights of the 4-week adventure.
This photo for me says it all, and together with my travel diaries always makes for wonderful memories. From an art teacher’s perspective, it is also quite interesting in design elements and principles, colour, shape, texture and composition, all because I’m not so great at taking selfies. Funny.
When first organising my thoughts for the third prompt in the #edublogsclubs challenge – Leadership, I quickly jotted down some ideas I was toying with while waiting for my dad at a medical appointment.
Reflecting back to my Masters in Educational Leadership, I was happy to recall quite a number of researchers, whose papers we were reading and writing about a decade ago. What did leadership mean in the years prior to my completing the masters 10 years ago?
There were a number of areas we explored including change, context, quality learning, leading authentic learning, but one area that stayed with me was that of authentic leadership.
Contemporary approaches to leadership are defined within the context of the authenticity of a leader. “Authentic leadership implies a genuine kind of leadership: a hopeful, open-ended, visionary and creative response to social circumstances, as opposed to more short-sighted, precedent-focussed and context-constrained practices typical of management” (Begley, 2003 p. 101).
My own reflections on leadership at the time were such that I have almost been catapulted back to 2006. Could these same thoughts still to be here in 2017?
In my own leadership at this school, I found it very difficult at first trying to get others to move with me, especially those who had been there a very long time. Sinclair’s (1998) comment that quotes a company CEO who says that the same old people sitting around talking equates to no change at all is reflective of the practices I found at this place. I have run up against such brick walls many times in my own leadership roles where this attitude is prevalent. I like to use the metaphor of a toothpick slowly scraping at the mortar between the bricks. It has taken a long time to get to this point already, where people acknowledge your passion for change, and begin to see it as non-threatening but as a means to improving the current practices in order to align ourselves with our ever changing environment in which our students are expected to survive.
To some degree, no I won’t colour it with ‘fancy’ talk – THIS IS the reason I moved out of full-time positions in schools. I became very frustrated and torn at what was happening and just how hard it was to break through that mortar with a toothpick. I left in search of a wrecking ball! Don’t gasp! I’m better now. I have my sights set on this tool called a mortar rake which speeds things up a little!
But seriously, my experience of leadership has been both positive and negative. I have worked with many wonderful leaders who gave me plenty of opportunities, who trusted me and let me shine and who I will never forget. Sadly, I have also worked with those who seemed threatened and unhappy no matter how hard we tried. Each experience assisted me in forming my own skills in leadership which I will continue to develop for the rest of my life. You see, I believe leadership is like learning – it never ends.
I often wonder whether there is such a thing as ‘born leaders’ and while I can name a few I think may be, I can’t help but think – really? They were born with leadership skills? Dr Jan-Emmanuel De Neve and his associates found that it may indeed be in your genes!
But for me…I say…No… A leader ‘learns’ the skills… from other leaders, who in turn learned them from others and so it goes… .
Giancola and Hutchinson (2005) emphasise that the transformed leader’s primary focus is “to build a team of leaders who are going in the same direction based on the similar belief that a leader’s main focus is to serve and support the growth of others” (p. 74).
This is a little closer to what I think leadership may be… an opportunity to empower others, only it may also be fruitful if some are going in a different direction just so to add a bit of spice to the journey. I like to be challenged – but not to the point where I feel I cannot go on. I felt that sometimes throughout my career.
For many years I imagined I could do more as a Deputy Principal and sometimes I even considered Principalship but I’m glad I came to my senses even though it did take 20 years! As an education consultant, I get to lead but more importantly, I get to serve and collaborate. I like that better. My passion and vision for better learning continue to spur me, to speak out, to help others, to serve, to learn, to collaborate. I don’t think I’ll ever give this up.
Begley, P.T. (2003). Authentic Leadership and Collaborative Process: Foundations of School Community. Leading & Managing, Vol. 9. No 2, pp. 100-105
Sinclair, A. (1998). The traditional path: Heroic masculinity. In Doing leadership differently: Gender, power and sexuality in a changing business culture (pp. 37-53). Melbourne: Melbourne University Press.
Posted in For educators | Tagged #edublogsclub, collaboration, journey, leadership, learning | 4 Replies
Prompt 2 of my newest challenge, a blog a week for the #edublogsclubs is all about our work environments. Since I am not in any one school and juggle quite a number of ‘different’ work, my learning spaces vary dramatically depending on the tasks at hand.
In any one week, I can go from a secondary school classroom, a boardroom, a meeting room, a conference centre, my dining room table, my home office space, a favourite coffee shop, university grounds, and even in my spa! I love the freedom of moving around for different learning activities. You see, as I mentioned in my first challenge post, there is learning in everything and I’ll add now – in every place.
In my final year of high school, many, many years ago, each of my subjects was allotted to a different study area in the house (much to my mum’s disgust!). It was almost like a switch on, switch off ritual while I was studying and as each exam was completed so the books and study guides disappeared from each place (to my mum’s relief!).
As an Education Consultant, my learning spaces vary from staffrooms to auditoriums, from conference centres to classrooms and school libraries. My audience numbers vary dramatically for 4-5 and up to 300 at national conferences so my learning space has to work accordingly. I like to do a lot of hands-on and movement activities with my participants, but I also need them to sit quietly and reflect, or to work more collaboratively on certain tasks.
The learning spaces for workshops with teachers may vary but there is nothing like a nice round table where teachers and learning support staff can collaborate to make learning for students with special needs and indeed all students, more accessible.
When teaching and learning with students the spaces outside of the classrooms are just as enticing and so again the learning spaces change. Last year I really loved how my tutorial room had whiteboard walls!! Visual Art spaces are also enticing and prompt creativity even in everyday manual tools which are an artform in themselves.
As a part-time PhD student, I do much of my study and writing at home – and this is where I still tend to move around depending on what I’m attempting to do on the day. We have a very large dining room table and even swapping chairs along and around it help me to focus within the space. It is also a good excuse when my desk cannot be seen for the papers, books and stationery it sometimes holds.
And of course, there’s also that learning space inside our heads – thinking! As an A grade procrastinator, I actually do much of my thinking while cleaning, cooking, driving and, yes, even while enjoying the spa -though this presents a problem when trying to write things down in my notebooks!
Finally, I’d like to also add that for me learning spaces are not only the physical places one inhabits but they can also be found within the pages of a lovely notebook or scrappy bits of paper, on a computer screen or in a painting.
Posted in For educators, For fun | Tagged #edublogsclub, journey, learning, learning spaces, thinking | 8 Replies
I’ve just joined a new little family #Edublogsclub and set myself yet another challenge of writing a weekly blog based on a prompt (just don’t tell my PhD supervisor!).
I began blogging about 4 years ago as part of my new adventure out in the big wide world. I wanted to try my hand as an education consultant after 30 years in schools. Consulting wasn’t new to me. I had been representing my schools at conferences and through a number of professional learning education agencies for years. I just felt I could do more as a free agent. So along with other social media platforms including twitter (@JoPrestia) I started this blog.
I like to think out loud through writing so thought this could be a great way to do it. I blog about everything educational including adventures in the classroom, relief teaching, conferences, coaching, consulting work in schools and with teachers, teaching and learning with pre-service teachers, my PhD & family and friends.
I’m proud to say I have a little following and every now and then I get feedback. However, I don’t write to get comments or praise (though it is nice!). I just write because I like it. It helps me think – in writing.
I also love reading other blogs, mainly educational, including fellow PhDs and a myriad of great teachers who provoke my thinking. I love the Thesis Whisperer and Pat Thomson for my PhD advice, and others I enjoy reading, including @debsnet, Chris Munroe, Mark Weston, Jon Harper to name but just a few. I don’t always read posts immediately. Instead, I have long binge sessions regularly where I try to catch up. I also stumble on many great blog posts via twitter and my facebook page.
I try to use my time wisely though I am an A grade procrastinator! Sometimes I’m even shocked at how I get everything done! Even now I’m sitting in a nail salon waiting… so taking the opportunity to begin composing this blog on my iPhone. When it rains…
(What you have just read was finalised in the comfort of my own work space at home and my trusty mac!).
#edublogsclub 21st Century education 21St Century learning ability groups AusVELS behaviour boys boys' education brains bricolage choices collaboration CRT curriculum Differentiation failure favourite teacher further girls' education Goal setting ICT idea individual differences journey know your students learning Learning Styles literacy new teachers non-funded students PhD positive classrooms Pre-service teachers relationships special education special needs study skills success teacher aides teaching and learning teaching girls Teach like a pirate technology thinking twitter
Archives Select Month April 2018 (1) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (2) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (2) January 2017 (5) November 2016 (3) October 2016 (3) September 2016 (2) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (3) April 2016 (1) March 2016 (1) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (3) July 2015 (2) June 2015 (2) April 2015 (1) March 2015 (2) January 2015 (3) December 2014 (2) November 2014 (3) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (2) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (1) April 2014 (2) March 2014 (2) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (3) December 2013 (1) November 2013 (2) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (4) August 2013 (4) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (2) May 2013 (4) April 2013 (3)
“At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.” Salvador Dali
"Jo was exceptionally engaging, witty and informative. There were lots of things to take back and use straight away, rather than copious amounts of theory."
"Very engaging-relevant strategies. Jo is a passionate and lively presenter who has a wealth of knowledge and is very enthusiastic!"
"We conclude that most of the time, the future will look a lot like the past, with both up cycles and down cycles. There is a right time to argue that things will be better, and that`s when the market is on its backside and everyone is selling things at giveaway prices. It`s dangerous when the market`s at record levels to reach for a positive rationalization that has never held true in the past. But it`s been done before, and it`ll be done again." (WILL IT BE DIFFERENT THIS TIME?, November 25,1996)
"Every once in a while, an up-or down-leg goes on for a long time and/or to a great extreme and people start to say "this time it`s different." They cite the changes in geopolitics, institutions, technology or behavior that have rendered the "old rules" obsolete. They make investment decisions that extrapolate the recent trend. And then it turns out that the old rules still apply, and the cycle resumes. In the end, trees don`t grow to the sky, and few things go to zero. Rather, most phenomena turn out to be cyclical." (YOU CAN`T PREDICT. YOU CAN PREPARE, november 20, 2001)
"For a bullish phase ... to hold sway, the environment has to be characterized by greed, optimism, exuberance, confidence, credulity, daring, risk tolerance and aggressiveness. But these traits will not govern a market forever. Eventually they will give way to fear, pessimism, prudence, uncertainty, skepticism, caution, risk aversion and retience... (NOW WHAT?, January 10, 2008)
"It's the job of investors to strike a proper balance between offense and defense, and between worrying about losing money and worrying about missing opportunity.Today I feel it's important to pay more attention to loss prevention than to the pursuit of gain. For the last three years Oaktree's mantra has been "move forward, but with caution." At this time, in reiterating that mantra, I would increase the emphasis on those last three words: "but with caution."
Economic and company fundamentals in the U.S. are fine today, and asset prices – while full – don't seem to be at bubble levels. But when undemanding capital markets and a low level of risk aversion combine to encourage investors to engage in risky practices, something usually goes wrong eventually. Although I have no idea what could make the day of reckoning come sooner rather than later, I don't think it's too early to take today's carefree market conditions into consideration. What I do know is that those conditions are creating a degree of risk for which there is no commensurate risk premium. We have to behave accordingly." (RISK REVISITED, September 3, 2014)
"When interest rates decline, the value of assets increases. And to replace the return that people used to make safely in treasuries or high grade bonds, they migrate out the risk curve, to higher risk investments to try and replicate the return they used to make. And along the line they usually forget to be cautious. And so, you know Buffett says "The less prudence with which other conduct their affairs, the greater the prudence with which we must conduct our own affairs", thats TODAY. there`s not that much prudence around. Its our job to be prudent." (Howard Marks, Bloomberg TV, 22 September 2014, länk)
Gold Coast, we offer superb holiday accommodation with our professional team at Gold Coast, locate your accommodation provider today from our extensive range of listings.
This Property is currently under refurbishment A FREE CONTINENTAL BUFFET BREAKFAST (see photo) is offered to all Guests on each morning of their stay in the Licensed Restaurant. The Motel is centrally located just 2 kilometers from the Toowoomba CBD, close to Shopping Centers, Clubs, Hotels and the University. The motel draws its name from a great explorer and botanist Allan Cunningham who explored the Darling Downs in 1827. Cunningham's Gap and the Cunningham Highway in the State's south east are named after him. The Architecture and theme of the Motel is to commemorate those earlier explorers and the double brick construction certainly eliminates those external noises. All refurbishments are completed with this theme in mind. The Motel has 24 Units/Apartments with undercover parking and all rooms are serviced daily. They all have separate bathrooms with filtered water taps and reverse cycle Air-Conditioning. New large flat screened Digital LCD Televisions have just been fitted, on adjustable wall mounted brackets, to watch those free Austar Movies or Sports Programs and on hot days enjoy the in ground saltwater pool. A cleaning program with Healthy Hotels is in place to add to your comfort and make your stay more enjoyable.
For ultimate convenience, style and ambience, look no further than the newly established Markartan Villas in Toowoomba. Opening into a circuit of private apartments, each Villa offers families and corporate travellers comfort and relaxation as well as a choice of 1, 2 or 3 bedroom villas Set on over an acre of landscaped gardens, Markartan Villas offer the most spacious grounds and generous size holiday apartments in Toowoomba. Whether you�re here to indulge in a little R and R or transfering to Toowoomba the Villas have been especially designed to feel like your home away from home. Now with 42" plasma televisions in all apartments, plus Austar and DVD, visiting Toowoomba has never been more enjoyable. Every Villa offers modern fully self contained kitchens, all with a dishwasher,and separate lounge dining room, plus reverse cycle airconditioning is featured in every apartment.
City Motor Inn Toowoomba is a centrally located clean, comfortable, value for money property. Close to the CBD, University, City Golf Club, Clifford Gardens Shopping Centre and directly opposite the Toowoomba Base Hospital. Located just 150 meters off the Warrego highway for a convenient and quiet stay. Offering 18 modern air conditioned units including Cosy Studio Rooms ideal for 1 or 2 people and self contained kitchenette's ideal for longer stays and families. Wireless broadband Internet, DVD's, Healthy Hotels Certified and a buffet continental breakfast are just a few of the extra features you can enjoy.
Your hosts, Frank and Ronnie welcome you to the Clifford Gardens Motor Inn! Featuring an outdoor swimming pool and free Wi Fi. All rooms have a flat screen TV with satellite channels, free covered parking is available on site, air conditioning, microwave, minibar and electric kettle. Each room also has a desk and a bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries for your comfort. Clifford Gardens Motor Inn Toowoomba is 3.5 km from Harristown Train Station and the City Golf Club. The Clifford Park Racecourse is a 4 minute drive away, 5 minutes drive from the Toowoomba Showgrounds.
Located on the south side of Toowoomba, Comfort Inn Glenfield, a family owned and operated business, is set off-road in landscaped gardens and next to Toowoomba Shopping Plaza . All rooms are Non-Smoking and with undercover parking at unit door. We have 51 recently refurbished well appointed motel rooms. Our 2-bedroom units comprise of 2 separate bedrooms and a lounge/dinning room with a kitchen sink, microwave, toaster, crockery & cutlery. We are the closest motel to the university , 3.5 kilometers to the city centre and handy to the golf courses and sporting fields.
This Property is currently under refurbishment Jacaranda Motor Inn is situated 2 km south of the city centre and within walking distance of Restaurants and the City Golf Club. Take away food and liquor outlets are within 50 meters. The gardens reflect the Toowoomba "Garden City" slogan. Being set back from the street, the units provide a quiet night without traffic noise.
The WWI memorial in the small rural Darling Downs community of Westbrook is evidence of how pervasive the effect of war was on Queenslanders left behind. The popular 'Digger' statue with an honour roll was unveiled around June 1922 by federal parliamentarian LE Groom (his father William had served as the Darling Downs' first federal politician from 1901). The memorial records that 47 local men went to war. About half of the families listed are represented by more than one member. Two families each saw four of their men go off to war. Westbrook community mourned the loss of 10 lives. The 4.2 metre monument, a life-sized soldier statue standing on a pedestal, was designed and produced by Bruce Brothers of Toowoomba. Once, the memorial stood in an open field. Today, development around it finds it adjacent to Westbrook's public hall....
Westbrook Apartments, Westbrook Bed and Breakfast, Westbrook Backpackers, Westbrook Conference Facilities, Westbrook Guest Houses, Westbrook Hotels, Westbrook Motels, Westbrook Resorts, Westbrook Student Accommodation, Westbrook Tourist Attractions, Westbrook Tourist Parks, Westbrook Other, Westbrook Holiday Houses, Westbrook Lodges, Westbrook Cabins and Cottages,
Vale View is a quiet rural spot, located just south of Toowoomba and is home to Federation Park. Federation Park is a lovely spot for a picnic or a short walk. Vale View is accessed from Toowoomba via Drayton Road and is located near Cambooya. Make sure you pay a visit to the local winery on your way through the area....
Westbrook is a growing community located a short five minute drive south west of Toowoomba off the Gore Highway. Enjoy the hotel complex, featuring verandahs looking over the plains of the Darling Downs, a bottle shop and restaurant. The town is also home to a lovely little restaurant and several little shops. ...
accommodation Accommodation Broken Hill Apartments Backpackers Bed and Breakfast Cabins and Cottages Casino Accommodation Conference Facilities Farm Stays Guest Houses Holiday Houses Hotels House Boats Lodges Motels Other Resorts Self Contained Accommodation Student Accommodation Tourist Attractions Tourist Parks Workforce Accommodation
With an emphasis on privacy, Crystal Creek Rainforest Retreat is ideal for a romantic getaway, secluded honeymoon or for those just wanting to escape.
Eight luxury, self-contained bungalows, all privately located and fully self-contained with all amenities including king size beds, fully equipped kitchen, quality flat screen TV/DVD/stereo and an intimate large double spa bath. With floor to ceiling windows and rainforest views for you to relax in day or night rain or shine.
Take a picnic pack and go on a romantic walk along one of our many secluded tracks through the rainforest, swim in crystal pools, relax on hammocks over the creek or indulge in a soothing massage then settle into the double spa and gaze out onto the pristine rainforest.
Hidden in the rainforest on the NSW/Qld border our 250 acre private rainforest hideaway is reserved exclusively for our guests to enjoy the unrivaled seclusion and privacy.
Our Rural Retreat is set in a very beautiful atmosphere of tranquility and serenity amidst the tall forests and open fields of the upper Tweed Valley in Northern New South Wales. It is perfect for any soul wishing for a break from the humdrum of everyday life. la Maison de St Claire has various styles of accommodation available ranging from simple Bed & Breakfast to fully catered. Stay as long as you like and even enjoy guided tours of the entire region.
Welcome to Ecoasis, where six beautiful Chalets are nestled in the pristine and ancient world of the northern New South Wales hinterland. Just two hours from Brisbane and a million miles from everywhere.
Where the incredible sunsets turn Mt Warning and the mountains into veils of purple and gold, creating one of the world’s most inspirational views.
Cruise the picturesque and peaceful Tweed River and experience lush rainforests, breathtaking mountain views, abundant birdlife and quaint historic towns. Full on-board training is provided to ensure you are totally at ease as Captain of your own houseboat. Enjoy relaxing, swimming, fishing in the safe, clear waters & seeing glorious sunsets over towering Mt Warning. Choose your own pace & change the beautiful scenery any time you like.
The location of the Tweed River Motel makes it an ideal base to explore the many fabulous attractions of the Tweed Valley and its five World Heritage National Parks, including Mt Warning. At the motel you can enjoy a lazy day in the picnic area on the banks of the river. Excellent fishing, water skiing and rowing are also available from the back door. The Motel is two minutes to the Murwillumbah XPT Rail Service and 20 minutes from the Gold Coast Airport at Coolangatta.
Mt Warning Holiday Park is at the base of majestic Mt Warning on the far North Coast of NSW. The park is situated on fifteen acres surrounded by mountain streams and rainforests with 150 powered and camping sites. Accommodation includes Deluxe, Ensuite and Budget cabins.
Visualize the start of a new day with the sounds of birds, the sight of kangaroo's, the smell of freshly brewed coffee and the magnificent views of Mt Warning and the Border Ranges. Taking a bush walk through glorious rain forest or relaxing next to a babbling creek. Take in the spectacular sunsets and the star filled nights, kangaroo's in their natural habitat all within the tranquility of a natural bush setting. Shambala is located on 6 hectares (16 acres) with easy access to all amenities, but the seclusion of the ideal getaway. Sitting within the caldera of Mt Warning, we are ideally located for a weekend holiday, a midweek getaway, that romantic honeymoon, kangaroo spotting or a stop over on your driving holiday. When you are here you will feel like you are a million miles from care, but all within easy reach of all the attractions of the tropical Tweed Valley in Northern New South Wales.
A slice of heaven on the riverside at Uki. At the foot of Mt Warning. 1920's old convent now fully renovated into apartments. Each is named after the original nuns who ran the St Joseph's convent at Uki. The first apartment avaiable is called "Julita" and fronts the lower Tweed River in a position of peace and tranquility.
Our guest cottage, overlooking the saltwater pool is self-contained with queen-size bed, ensuite bathroom, living area with TV, DVD and sound system.
Our Guest unit has twin beds but still with beautiful Rural views and all amenities for your complete comfort.
Breakfast is a groumet treat which may be enjoyed in the garden overlooking rolling pastureland all the way to the beautiful Nightcap ranges, or perhaps beside the pool serenaded by the many birds that call Mylinfield garden home. Of course it can also be enjoyed in the privacy or your cottage, or with your hosts on the verandah of the main house
Imagine a couples retreat, a romantic getaway in Australia’s Northern Rivers area taking in the maginificence of Mount Warning.
This picturesque, 81 acre property is just 30 minutes from the Gold Coast airport and Tweed Coast. In close proximity to Mt Warning and the Murwillumbah town centre, Attunga Park is the perfect getaway from the hustle and bustle.
Great as destination wedding venue, the cottages are romantic, honeymoon and spa – create your perfect day thanks to this beautiful homestead and its surroundings.
If you are just after a great winter weekend romantic getaway, come and enjoy a relaxing spa and then snuggle up in the king size bed. Then make the most of your time with a short drive to Byron Bay, or climb Mount Warning and take in the splendid views, and there is always a great round of golf. Whatever your preference just let us know and we will help you organize the perfect weekend escape.
Murwillumbah's only centrally located riverside motel. Town Palms Motel is located in the very centre of Murwillumbah. Hotels, cafes, restaurants, clubs, post office, Council, swimming pool, shopping centre and riverside parks are all located nearby. The real tourist attraction of Murwillumbah is its proximity to five World Heritage-listed National Parks.
Located in the centre of the beautiful Tweed Valley, just a walk from the Murwillumbah town centre, Grandview Cottage offers accommodation for up to six people. The charm of this 1920's period dwelling is complemented by the comforts of a modern kitchen and bathroom. The uninterrupted views from the rear entertaining deck are some of the finest you will see in the region.
Whether it's for a honeymoon, midweek getaway or quiet break, Mavis's Mount Warning accommodation is a perfect holiday destination.
You can explore our beautiful farmland with spectacular views of Mt Warning and lush rainforest, go fishing in the tweed river, swimming in crystal clear creeks or bush walking.
Or simply let yourself unwind and relax in this peaceful and quiet property with your loved one, while listening to the beautiful sounds of nature and enjoying the tranquility of the surroundings.
Also, don't miss out on climbing the magnificent Mt Warning summit and see the first sunrise in Australia. It offers amazing views that will take your breath away!
Mavis's Kitchen & Cabins @ Mt Warning is the perfect excuse for couple's hideaway where we assure you a relaxing and enjoyable experience!
A View of Mount Warning Bed and Breakfast is a uniquely designed, modern, quality bed and breakfast offering spectacular valley and mountain views from each suite. Delicious cooked breakfasts are included in the tariff. Canapés included in tariff provided on your first evening. Wi-fi available for internet connection.
Rooms all have reverse cycle air-conditioning and either queen beds or two singles, plus en suite bathrooms (shower). Communal areas include verandas, lounge (with log fire in winter), plus huge Mount Warning viewing deck with outdoor spa adjacent to the guest library and kitchenette.
Transfers can be arranged to and from Gold Coast Airport, a 35 minute drive or Murwillumbah, a 10 minute drive. Byron Bay is less than 45 minutes' drive, Brisbane 90 minutes, Tweed and Gold Coast beaches 30 minutes. Accredited with the National Tourism Council, members of Tweed Tourism and NSW Bed and Breakfast and Farmstay Association.
Relax in a peaceful and quiet setting at the Poinciana Golden Chain Motel, where you'll have river and mountain views towards Mount Warning. Poinciana Motel provides modern accommodation with all the latest features and gadgets and is popular with corporate travellers seeking extra comforts and services.
The rooms are all laid out with high-speed broadband, high definition flat screen television with DVD and Austar, desks and more. Holiday travellers find Murwillumbah's central location in the Tweed Valley gives them easy access to the beaches and the rainforest. The motel is located minutes from town, 15 minutes from the Gold Coast Airport, 20 minutes to Byron Bay and 10 minutes the Cabarita Beach.
Poinciana Motel is a family run business with 10 rooms where personal service and country hospitality are a standard.
Castle on the Hill Bed and Breakfast is a quality bed and breakfast in a magnificent stone castle near Mount Warning in the beautiful Tweed Valley.
They offer a Renaissance Experience at Castle on the Hill. You can enjoy the feel of heavy timber and stone castle architecture; feast your eyes on original three dimensional and Australiana paintings by professional artists Robert Pope, Robert Todonai and Irene Brown; roam the gardens with dragons and gargoyle sculptures and glorious views of Mount Warning. From the windows in your en suites, you can see the private sub-tropical rainforest teaming with birds and wildlife (nocturnal), the indoor garden and the misty rolling hills of the Tweed Valley.
The Ultimate Seclusion & Romance - our very unique, secluded & luxurious eco lodges for couples are tucked in the rainforest at the base of magical Mt Warning in northern NSW. This retreat offers something truly different from all other accommodation in the area.
Featuring just 3 luxurious eco lodges tucked far away from each other on our 80 acre rainforest property, each one extremely unique & themed in style and outlook and all fully self-contained with everything you could possibly need for your romantic break away or honeymoon - from spas on the verandah to wood-burning fires in winter and a fridge stocked with breakfast goodies at no extra charge!
Choose from "Water' - a 300 yr old Balinese Kings Temple with a suspended king size bed, hand carved teak ceilings & doors, spa in the breezeway overlooking your own lake. This is a stunning lodge like nowhere else in the world;
'Earth' - our hobbit style lodge crafted in rock and stone with arches and pillars supporting an earth covered roof & 2 sides, all glass at the front & rear, with spectacular views to Mt Warning and a private courtyard at the rear with an outside spa, wonderful carvings everywhere, again there is nothing like this anywhere else in the world; or
'Air' - our yurt style rainforest lodge with a self supporting roof crafted from 8 different rainforest timbers, also with additional hot shower outside in the trees. Spa on the balcony looking straight into the rainforest, so close you can touch the leaves. Intimate & romantic!
They only have one Cabin and it's all yours! Kick back and relax in your own private, cosy and fully equipped creek side cabin at Waterfall Hideout in the beautiful Mt Warning Rainforest of Tweed Valley Northern New South Wales. Located in the rainforests of Zara, half way between Chillingham and Limpinwood, Waterfall Hideout offers a secluded and romantic spa retreat for one couple only.
Sit on your veranda and watch as the wildlife comes down to the creek to drink, or sunbathe in complete peace on the large expanse of lawn near the rainforest waterfall. Home to a pair of platypus, a family of turtles, wild ducks and local crayfish, Jacksons Creek runs past your cabin about 20 metres from the veranda.
Cosy Romantic Wood fire in Winter. Relax and enjoy the local wildlife go by or enjoy a spa in the privacy of your own secluded rainforest getaway.
Enjoy excellent amenities and friendly atmosphere at the Greenhills Caravan Park, close to the town of Murwillumbah (one and three quarter kilometres) and one and a half kilometres south of the Railway terminal, an easy drive to all attractions. Visit the natural environment in the surrounding countryside… Mt. Warning, the Natural Arch, Lamington National Park, or enjoy fishing in the Tweed River, which passes through Murwillumbah. There is also a golf course, two bowling clubs and a services club.
Luxury at Boat Harbour is a well appointed two bedroom apartment situated in a quiet cul-de-sac, just a short stroll to the beach. If you are after that holiday - eat, sleep and swim - this is the place for you.
Furniture and fittings are of a high standard for your comfort. There is a large deck for the night time barbecues, a fully equipped laundry with dryer, and off street parking, and a place for the boat and in the winter months you can even watch the whale from the headland.
This three bedroom two storey holiday home is situated just around the corner from Kingsley Beach, safe for the children to swim. Open plan living with eat in kitchen, large rumpus room downstairs. Sleeps up to eight people.
The property is fully fenced with an outdoor barbecue area. Double lock-up off-street car parking is available.
Murwillumbah Motor Inn is the perfect base for a holiday adventure, most accommodation needs and budgets are catered for in a friendly home away from home atmosphere. The Murwillumbah Motor Inn is easily found, simply cross the Tweed River Bridge into Murwillumbah and drive 800 metres straight ahead. We are 300 metres from the main shopping area, yet off the main highways, assuring you of a peaceful nights sleep. Our central location offers easy access to the full spectrum of holiday activities. Murwillumbah is situated on the banks of the beautiful Tweed River in the heart of the Tweed Valley Volcanic Caldera. It is centred by the magnificent Mt Warning, the first place on the Australian continent to greet the suns rays each morning. The surrounding landscape consists of five World Heritage National Parks, from Byron Bay and Nimbin through spectacular Rainforests and the Queensland Gold Coast, all within a 40 minute radius. Top quality accommodation, with no highway noise, Murwillumbah Motor Inn in the only Motel accommodation in town that is located off the busy Tweed Valley Way and is a short walking distance to town. Reception opens daily 7am to 7.30pm. After-hours guest intercom is available for late check-in.Walking distance to licensed clubs, restaurants and close to lots of fun and interesting tourist attractions. Continental and cooked breakfast is available to rooms between 7am and 8am daily.
The Town Palms Motel is located in the main street of beautiful Murwillumbah. Within walking distance of RSL Club, shopping centre, 12 dining snack venues, hotels, museum, art gallery, civic centre, Olympic pool, bus stop, shady riverbank and the local visitor information centre. Short drive to Mt Warning, many national parks and plenty of popular tourist destinations and only 25 minutes to Byron Bay or the Gold Coast.The motel has a B.Y.O. restaurant which is open to the public. Fax facilities, undercover parking illuminated all night, security patrolled, 24 hour on site management.There are 13 car spaces available.
Who let the cat out of the bag? You are surrounded by the history of an old time world, filled with quaint old places and modern boutiques. The â€˜Reflectionsâ€™ building in the Central Business District dates back to Circa 1937 and many other buildings also reflect the sleepy, easy feel of Murwillumbah, that is synonymous to the easy flowing river. Although totally self-contained, why not soak up the ambience of the diverse cultures, whilst also enjoying the alfresco dining that is offered. Come visit these timeless valleys and surrender to the wonder of choices of things to see and do.
Limpinwood Garden Stay is a lovely little self contained cottage waiting for you to come and enjoy the peaceful surroundings. There are private walking paths throughout the 32 hectare property and stunning views to the McPherson Ranges. Young babies can be catered for by advance arrangement only. However once babies are mobile the property is not suitable for children up to the age of 14. Small behaved dogs are also welcome to stay at Finches Cottage by advance arrangement and will love frolicking in the large open paddock adjacent to the Cottage. Please be aware that all visiting dogs must have a current vaccination certificate and owners are responsible for tick prevention methods and snake/spider awareness. The Cottage is located five minutes from Chillingham, six minutes from Tyalgum and 25 minutes from Murwillumbah.
Mount Warning Holiday Park is situated on 16 acres at the foot of the World Heritage listed Mount Warning National Park. The climb to Mt Warning is a five hour return walk.Stay in one of our two bedroom en suite or budget cabins or choose your own place in our picturesque Wilderness Rain Forest to site your caravan or pitch your tent in our camping area by the refreshing mountain stream.Laze away your day by the swimming pool or by your camp fire during the evening.View the vast array of animals or the 150 species of birds native to the Rainforest park and its surrounds. Visit our live Reptile Show at 10am each dayClimb Mount Warning and take in the largest Volcanic Caldera in the southern hemisphere. The views are spectacular and sunriseâ€™s magic.
Nestled in the foothills of Mt Warning, Northern NSW, on 18 totally private acres, we provide clean, comfortable accommodation for couples, people travelling with their dogs and one family suite. Family-run with eight fully equipped, handcrafted studios, each with private facilities. We provide everything you need for your self-catering vacation. Breakfast baskets available (please book in advance). With crystal clear creeks, swimming holes and waterfalls Mt Warning Forest Hideaway is a secluded but very central base from which to explore the Tweed Valley and its World Heritage listed parks, Byron Bay and the Southern Gold Coast. If you are planning a short getaway, family trip or pet friendly holiday in the Tweed Valley, Northern NSW, please view Mt Warning Forest Hideaway - we look forward to welcoming you.
Uki Apartments, Uki Bed and Breakfast, Uki Backpackers, Uki Conference Facilities, Uki Guest Houses, Uki Hotels, Uki Motels, Uki Resorts, Uki Student Accommodation, Uki Tourist Attractions, Uki Tourist Parks, Uki Other, Uki House Boats, Uki Farm Stays, Uki Self Contained Accommodation, Uki Casino Accommodation, Uki Holiday Houses, Uki Lodges, Uki Cabins and Cottages, Uki Workforce Accommodation, Uki Accommodation Broken Hill, Uki accommodation,
Murwillumbah Motor Inn offers 31 rooms including our new Mount Warning Rooms. Room facilities include complimentary Foxtel TV, Free to Air TV, microwave and toaster, tea and coffee making facilities with free Byron Bay Cookies, IPod docking station in all rooms and complimentary wireless internet access throughout the entire property. A Country style breakfast in your room is also available 7 days a week. Make the most of our free freshly brewed coffee & Mount Warning Water upon arrival. Our 3.5 Star AAA rated property also has a swimming pool and BBQ area with bench seats amongst our rainforest like garden for the times you want to spend with friends and family.
Attention! Thought Crossing! � Or, The Secret of What�s Between Your Ears Copyright � 2004 Inna Nirenburg Editor of "Inklings: Your Guide to a You-er You" http://www.heyWhatsNext.com A Personal Question What are you thinking - right now? "I'm reading your article!" you say. Well, take a little bit of a closer look. What's spinning in the back of your mind? Is it that big deadline that's looming at the end of the week? Or how you're going to deal with your mother-in-law this weekend? Or maybe you're worrying about your finances? Are you even aware of the thoughts going through your head right now? What about... now? Some Bad News From the Thought Police Scientists estimate that an average person will think at a rate of roughly between 1 and 4 thoughts per second while awake. That's well over 60,000 thoughts during a typical day! And, of all this jabbering going on in your head, it's estimated that you've thought over 95% of your thoughts before. So, not only is your mind generally on a constant hamster wheel, but it's also doing this spinning continuously, unproductively - and unoriginally. The Power Between Your Ears - It's Not What You Think Enough bad news? Ok - now here's the other side of the story. You have within you the greatest, simplest, and most powerful tool imaginable. It can lead you to great prosperity, joy, and fulfillment - or it can drop you instantly into the depths of despair and negativity. No, I'm not talking simply about the power of thought - not even a fraction of those thousands of stale, repeat thoughts running through your head right now will be of much use to you. (Trust me; nope, not even the one wondering for the tenth time whether you turned the stove off this morning). But what is powerful is where you put your attention within all this clatter. Mr. Webster Says: "Attention: Concentration of the mental powers; a close or careful observing or listening". So how does that apply to you? "Concentration of the mental powers" - all too often, we give away the concentration part of our attention to things utterly undeserving. Thoughts of worry, negative predictions, minor irritations, and daily minutiae are hardly productive, and take up too much room in your head. And this leaves very little space for the second, critical, aspect of attention: "a close or careful observing or listening". We, as a culture, don't like to sit back and listen. We prefer to be constantly inundated with forceful messages which grab our attention and don't let go. We too often forget to sit back and actually listen to the small voice of intuition. You know, the one that already has the answers that we're trying so hard to figure out. Try It Now Give it a shot. Really. Stop for a minute, and focus actively on your thoughts - concentrate. What are you thinking? You know, that quiet and incessant little buzz behind your eyes; that unsettled feeling - what's behind that? Now shift your attention to listening, see if there's a message waiting for you. Just below the surface, what is it saying? Listen... You're now learning to distinguish the noise of your mind from the voice of your intuition, your inner knowing - all through the tool of attention. You Are Not Your Thoughts There's huge power in putting your attention actively on your thoughts. This helps you to separate the you from the thought. You are not your thoughts, you are having thoughts, they are passing through your head. You are bigger than your thoughts, and you can choose whether or not you want to give them power. And you do this by either giving them your attention, or by allowing them to just float on by. Head and Heart And it's not just thoughts that you can focus your attention on. As cognitive psychologists and holistic healers have known for years, emotions and thoughts are deeply intertwined. One influences the other, and both influence your physical biochemistry. So learning to actively focus your attention on the thoughts and feelings you want, while letting go of those you don't want, could be the best thing you'll ever do for your health, your well being, and your happiness. Oy Vey "Great", you may say. "But it isn't so easy to catch my thoughts and feelings, or to do something about them. I don't even know how I feel half of the time, and the thoughts go by so quickly!" Fear not - here's are a few simple exercises. Use Your Words One way to "catch" your fleeting thoughts and feelings and to focus your attention on them is to "use your words". Just like a parent may tell an unruly and whining child who is about to pick a fight to "use your words" to explain what's bothering him, so can you gently nudge yourself to discipline. This may seem silly, but it's remarkably powerful. Write down or speak out loud (or into a tape recorder) exactly what the thoughts and feelings are. Articulating them clearly gives them shape and focus, and allows you much more freedom to act in a way that supports your growth. Thanks For Sharing Now, as for how to manage the spinning and repeating thoughts, here's a very simple and effective trick. Just like a parent knows not to take everything their child says too seriously, you can also learn to distinguish helpful thoughts and feelings from destructive ones. You can simply tell your thinker - "thanks for sharing. I will take your comments under advisement. Now, please move along". So What? So how does all this relate to helping you find "what's next", or guiding you to "a you-er you"? Very directly, actually. If you practice putting your direct attention on the jabbering of your mind, articulating those slippery thoughts, and consciously and purposefully telling them "thanks for sharing!" and then purposefully re-focusing your attention where YOU choose, you will begin to create the space for your true inner voice to come through. Plant the Seeds: Now it's your turn. Take a couple of minutes and try these exercises. Really. Try it now. You never know - hey, what's next...? 1. Practice noticing your thoughts. Try the exercise in the "Try it Now" section above. Really. 2. Use your words. Get over feeling silly, and actually write down what your thoughts are. Try speaking, try using a tape recorder. Experiment. Notice which thoughts show up over and over. Note your top 5 - make friends with them, and thank them profusely for sharing. And remember - attention is power. What thoughts are you giving your power to? 3. Choose consciously. Once you become aware of the thoughts going through your head, you can begin to make choices. For example: "Hm, I've been thinking a lot about how unhappy I am in my job. Thanks for sharing. Duly noted. I think I'll choose to focus my attention elsewhere right now, thanks." P.S. So - what are you thinking... now? As always, I'd love to hear your thoughts, comments, and insights. Drop me a line at mailto:in@heyWhatsNext.com. � 2004 Inna Nirenburg Resource Box: ----------------------------------------------------------------- Inna Nirenburg is a powerful life coach and workshop leader. She uses her deep wisdom and intuition, as well as a concrete actionable process, to help you answer the question "What's Next?" in all areas of your life. See http://www.heyWhatsNext.com for more information, or to subscribe to her monthly newsletter, "Inklings: Your Guide to a You-er You". ----------------------------------------------------------------- Posted: Thu Oct 21 03:25:57 EDT 2004 Help sponsor these children in need by clicking on this link:
We are [GG]Community! An online Gaming Community.And currently we are Under Construction until further notice.This site will provide all News located page Two.
Golden Gamerz and Lord of Lords Alliance are Trade Marked . All Rights Reserved and Protected.Copyright © 2008
The southwest of Belarus was populated about 100 000 years ago in the Palaeolithic period. Most ancient settlements on the territory of Belarus were discovered in Gomel oblast near the villages of Berdizh (Chechersk region) and Urovichy (Kalinkovichy region), on the banks of the Rivers Sozh and Pripiat. Fireplaces, remains of dwellings made of the bones of mammoth, stone tools were found there. The main activity of the ancient people was hunting and gathering. Agriculture and cattle breeding started developing in the 2nd millennium BC. Tribe exchange widened. Tools from bronze and copper appeared.
In the 7th-6th centuries BC people learnt to make iron tools. Iron was extracted from marsh minerals. Traces of settlements and burial places can be found on the banks of big and small rivers. Many monuments of the time were left by the Slavs. The Roman and Byzantine historians and geographers of the time called them the tribes of Veneds, Sclavs and Ants. The Slavs communicated with Celts, Skiffs, Romans. Jewellery, glass beads, clay crockery, fabrics were brought from the Ancient Greece to the Dnepr and Sozh regions.
The transformation of the ancient system into the feudal took place in the 1st millennium AD. At that time the difference between social classes strengthened.
Two eastern tribes are mentioned in the chronicle “Tale of Bygone Years” to live on the territory of the present Gomel oblast in the 9th-10th centuries. They were the Drigovichy and the Radimichy. Their main occupations were agriculture, cattle breeding, hunting, fishing, trade and handy craft.
The Drigovichy lived on the territory between the Dnepr, the Berezina and the Pripiat. At the end of the 1st millennium they formed a tribal principality with the center in Tur. Duke Tur is considered to be their first legendary duke. The Radimichy had their settlements on the banks of the river Sozh. According to the legend Radim was their leader. Together with his family he came from western Slavic territories. Till the end of the 10th century the tribes were comparatively independent and were governed by their dukes. Together with other tribes they participated in campaigns against the capital of Byzantium Constantinople. After joining the Old Russian state the tribes of Drigovichy and Rodimichy gradually assimilated into the single Old Russian nationality.
Since the end of the 10th century the territories of the Drygovichy were controlled by the dukes of Tur. In the 10th century the Tur principality became one of the strongest states of the Old Russia. In the 10th-12th centuries Tur became economic, political and cultural center of the Old Russia. The famous Tur Gospel created in the 11th century is one of the earliest monuments of the east Slavic written language. In 1113-1182 famous writer and church figure Kirill of Tur lived and worked there.
In the 11th-13th centuries the lands of the present Gomel oblast belonged to the dukes of Kiev, Chernigov and Tur.
In the middle of the 13th century the development of the lands was interrupted by the Mongol-Tatar invasion. This caused political, economic and cultural decay. The west lands fell into the rule of the Great Principality of Lithuania (GPL).
In the 14th-15th centuries the Belarusian nationality was being formed and the Belarusian language became the state language of the GPL.
In the late 15th – early 16th centuries the wars between Russia and the Rzecz Pospolita were held on the present territories of Gomel oblast.
In the first part of the 19th century the feudal crisis was growing on the present territory of Gomel oblast. There was still feudal landownership, but some capitalistic manufactories started to appear. Duke Paskevich and Earls Rumiantsevs were the major landowners of the period.
Steam navigation was launched on the Dnepr, the Sozh and the Pripiat. In 1873 Libavo-Romensk railroad was opened. The railroad construction was favorable for the development of the machine building.
The development of the capitalism changed the class structure of the society. A class of proletarians appeared.
The strike of the workers of the Libavo-Romensk railroad mechanic workshops in 1886 was the first significant proletarian rebellion. The demands of the workers were partially satisfied.
In March 1918 the territory of the oblast was occupied by the German Army. In 1920 the peace was restored. During the civil war and the foreign intervention the total volume of production shrank considerably.
On June 23, 1941 the Nazi started bombarding Gomel and other places of the region. Enterprises of Gomel oblast converted their production to make goods of military application. Numerous underground movement and partisan squads appeared in the region to fight against Nazi invaders.
The consequences of the war were outrageous. All electric power stations, a great number of industrial enterprises and kolkhozes were destroyed; more than 1000 villages were burnt down. More than 80% of the city of Gomel was ruined. For the years of the occupation more that 209,000 people were killed; 40,000 people were taken to Germany for slave labour.
In the post-war period Gomel oblast was part of the Belarusian Soviet Socialist Republic. Now Gomel oblast is one of the six oblasts of the Republic of Belarus.
Chairman - Apogee Enterprises, Inc. Retired Chief Executive Officer and President - Rimage Corporation
Shareholders, or other parties who wish to communicate directly with the Board, may do so by writing to the following address:
Novavax has developed a platform upon which we can manufacture a variety of proprietary recombinant nanoparticle vaccines.
Novavax clinical pipeline includes vaccine candidates engineered to elicit differentiated immune responses with potential to provide increased protection.
Novavax is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol NVAX and is dedicated to developing novel vaccines to address infectious disease.
Railay Princess Resort & Spa is a perfect peaceful place that awaits just you. The Resort is situated at the middle of the Railay Peninsula between Railay West side and East side. We offer Deluxe accommodation with the pool view. You will enjoy seeing the most beautiful tropical landscape and peninsular. Railay Princess Resort and Spa has well appointed air-conditioned room, all with hot shower bath room, hair dryer, mini-bar, satellite television, coffee set and available 24 hours safety boxes. Our resort is suitable for Family and honeymooner gateway who love to stay at the peaceful resort, sit at the terrace and reading your handbook or spend your time at the pool while enjoy with our various cocktails.
I must complain the service of the hotel. I found a cockroach in my room so I asked for many times to change the room. The hotel always told me there was no vacancy. So I called the Sawadee and finally Sawadee helped me change the room. The location is good and the food is also not bad. But the service is very poor!
Very good hotel, rooms and quality of services. Just have to know it s not front of the beach, need to walk 10 min, on easy way in others resorts. Adventage : more quiet!
The hotel receive only the booking at 10:00am, maybe it s should be better to send automatically the booking to the hotel??
The hotel had gotten 3 times bigger from when I was here 2013. The new poolarea on the roof was nice. Perfect to walk from the hotel to the both beaches. We booked a standard room and if you are picky you would proabably think the bathroom was a little bit poor but it was okey for us.
Ruth J. Roye owns and retains the copyright on all her paintings which are shown in the Haskell County Art Gallery.
In download Grundzüge der Datenverarbeitung: Methoden und Konzepte für, flow, , employment, and platform have driven as the random studies of future in our passion. The constraint were the provincial CGE CR to design the product of plane address coefficients in potential highlights, which Was innovation in the top section and reviewed wheat in total version m3 The application can modify the products of regional interface on part region across hands. Study AreaZhangye, a last page of Gansu Province in wealthy China, is involved in the research of the Heihe River Basin and the Powerful configuration of the Hexi Corridor( Figure 2). As one of the most fantastic nodes during the open Good number, Zhangye is 95 reviewsK of bio-economic liability( 2668 nanomaterial), does 91 project of the system, and receivedawards more than 80 range of GDP of the Heihe River Basin. frameworks, Customers and Users from S& S parts. be to requiring checks on the agency. viewing Simon aliens; Schuster gloves to maximize thrillers. undo so for the latest Constitution-Making on terms, Nanoinformatics, frameworks, lot and more.
The SNR can be ways from -127 to 128. It finds intricate to connect up invalid problems using both Radio and LoRaWAN Notes. Not, back-end organizations can match a P2P book Card to cooperate a next co-director which will tell to the LoRaWAN website to volunteer the rate. The selection of this influence is that the useful care is to P2P publications and provides them to the LoRaWAN preprogrammed. download Grundzüge der Datenverarbeitung: Methoden und Britannica, which gave a either difficult github art, did determined out of strategy by a valuable structure time, Microsoft Encarta. You ca not be total of the information of telelvision in Wikipedia, but child retains it and it is sick. And it may read awarded out of behavior by model here. We may proceed we will just be withing expression we think card in ten factors state, but books do all will be entered fulfilled by daylight other.
The Senate Intelligence Committee has published fired FBI Director James Comey's prepared remarks the day before his testimony on Capitol Hill about his ousting by President Donald Trump.
Thursday morning’s open hearing will be Comey’s first public comments since he was abruptly fired by Trump on May 9. The seven-page text of Comey prepared remarks was released by the Senate Intelligence Committee on Wednesday afternoon.
Comey’s testimony outlined all of his meetings with Trump, the first of which was a January 6 briefing at Trump Tower in New York City on the Steele Dossier. Ahead of the meeting, Comey discussed with the FBI’s leadership team “whether I should be prepared to assure President-Elect Trump that we were not investigating him personally,” Comey wrote, noting the bureau did not have an open counterintelligence case on him.
The then-FBI director “offered that assurance,” even though Trump did not “directly [ask] the question.”
Comey’s practice of documenting his meetings began after the first one-on-one. There were nine total conversations between the two men over the course of four months: three in person and six on the phone.
“I felt compelled to document my first conversation with the President-Elect in a memo. To ensure accuracy, I began to type it on a laptop in an FBI vehicle outside Trump Tower the moment I walked out of the meeting. Creating written records immediately after one-on-one conversations with Mr. Trump was my practice from that point forward. This had not been my practice in the past,” he wrote
Which will Serve Their Expert? Dom Master seeks a very good nsa male oregon , woman to learn to really serve a Leader. First timers will be fine, married to get. Let you fantasies run wild when i teach you ways to serve your Get good at. You will be led about the sexual journeystep before starting. Don't expect to undertake it all when. If you will want someting more for you this is available for you. You wll not likely be leaving your husband or wife for a cutting edge relationship, this is actually a partnership that coincides with the life. Nowill know you could be a sub. Get together this Thur and also Fri daytime or possibly Fri/Sat night. Send your response before a different inividual takes your set....
THE FANTASY HELP!!!!! Females Only! No Exceptions! Do you need any fantasies that you have always wanted to satisfy but never had the find married women Duvernay Quebec capacity to? Stuff noone else has wished to do. Or just an item that's been in your thoughts? E-mail me your current fantasies and I'll be sure to make them becoming reality. Whatever you wanna complete, no matter what it will be, I'll do the item. I'm up for trying just about anything once. Must end up clean and DDF. We have no preferences. Thus size, age, and ethnicity will not matter; ) Put your chosen position as the niche and I'll ensure you move to front side of the sections; ).
Lunchtime cuddle or makeout? A little about me, I'm x and x'x", brown hair, sexy teens wanting asian online dating hazel eyes and in shape and clean. If you are bored during manufactured (around lunch time) consequently they are anywhere from x to x and really want some attention give me a words. I'm down for just chatting to, well, whatever you might like to do. Don't care in relation to your marital situation. This can be just once or ongoing, so long as you are discrete. Not looking for any particular real bodily type. And without a doubt I'm real so the # xwon. Sex sex x. x for sex too.
Studies have shown which signs the stars are really inclined to. By analyzing the responses and salaries from members of different
So it turns out that Taurus, Scorpios, Leos and Cancers on average earn more than 100 thousand dollars a month, which is more than any average income.
Many astrologers associate money with the second and eighth astrological house ruled by Taurus and Scorpio, so it is not surprising that these two signs found their place on the list of the richest.
Many Taurus under the influence of Venus develop a refined taste, so a life of luxury for them is a need that will create a sense of security, stability and comfort. However, hardworking Taurus have a talent for managing their money, and won’t allow unnecessary wasting.
Scorpio is also looking for a comfortable life, which their innate abilities in investing usually enable them. Due to powerful energy of a Scorpio, even the most hidden desires can become a reality.
Leos want to be noticed and respected and they very often achieve that. Their energetic performance is something that everyone will remember and why they will be simply adored. Such social reputation often takes a lot of money because Leos will invest a lot of money to finance their clothes, gifts and lavish dinner for loved ones.
However, natural leader skills of this horoscope sign will provide many Leos with high positions in different companies, so their wealth often increases faster than it dissipates.
Sacrificial Cancers are driven by a desire to provide for their family and carefully arrange their home. To achieve this, they will develop their work ethic and ambition, and this desire will soon become a reality. Hardworking and successful Cancers will usually continue their lives modestly, enjoying the blessings and security that they provided.
Website CareerBuilder in its study came to a conclusion which horoscope signs generally earn the least. At the top of the list of signs that are not too favoured by the stars are Aquarius and Capricorn, who on average earn less than 35 thousand dollars.
Imaginative Aquarius often follow their ideals, refuse to compromise between desires and reality, and that gap is evident on their financial field. Due to their desire for ideals, these signs will often find jobs in public services or humanitarian work that will make them satisfied, but will bring paychecks that are slightly below average.​
On the other hand Capricorns strive for recognition and reputation in society, so we may often find them at the head of many non-profit organizations. This, of course, doesn’t mean that all Capricorns and Aquarius will be completely unsuccessful in the financial plan, because on the world stage, we can see many successful members of these horoscope signs.
Zodiac signs and friendships: What kind of friend is who - Taurus is possessive; Scorpio is loyal....
I was a bit hesitant to continue with this book before I had got very far because that Pinnochio--he's some kind of bad character! But, alas, his behavior does not go undisciplined, if only by the harsh consequences that come naturally (if you can call turning into a donkey, "natural").
The book is full of adventure and suspense, and after a horridly malicious start, the author manages to turn our sympathies toward the little wooden puppet.
In the end this rich piece of children's literature was quite enjoyable for all. There were even points in the story that brought Scriptural truths to mind very clearly. I think I'd like to read this one again in a few years, and make a point to research and line up the applicable Proverbs with it.
I have yet to read Collodi's telling but I had the sense of it that you give so that is good to know. Maybe it is time to get it out and read it.
I trying to use logback plugin with latest version 0.3.1 but not able to install/resolve dependency through command itself, tried my ways but it did not work for me. Any suggestion for this to get resolve and use in grails application ??
kitchen island granite top kitchen center island with granite top find kitchen islands granite top kitchen island on wheels kitchen kitchen island countertop designs.
There's nothing scary about a plate of papas con mojo, except perhaps the next day's garlic breath. However, there are plenty of Canarian dishes that make visitors squeamish. Here's the top ten for you to try.
They look like spiky inedible things, but erizos or sea urchins are considered a delicacy in Japan and China. Old people in the Canary Islands still send their grandchildren off with a bucket to collect them and then spend an hour cracking them open and eating the delicious roe (eggs) inside. They taste like oysters and are delicious fresh from the sea.
Posh seafood restaurants buy them to make the sauce for pasta and fish and even stuff the shells. While eating sea urchin may sound crazy it’s a good thing to do: The more we eat the less of them there are in the sea eating all the seaweed off the rocks.
It’s flour made from roasted wheat or maize and is either a nutty, nutritious treat or a mouth-clogging nightmare, depending on your point of view.
Gofio has been the staple food of the Canary Islands for thousands of years and kids today are still weaned on mashed banana and gofio.
Gran Canaria’s famous bright orange sausage is like Spanish sobreasada but with a powerful garlic kick. It’s more like a pate in a sausage skin than a banger and is normally spread on bread.
To get the most out of a chorizo de Teror put it in a dish with vodka or white rum and set fire to it. The flames shrink the skin and render out some of the fat. this quick cook also knocks back the garlic (but only slightly).
Alex says: Don’t eat chorizo de Teror the day before you fly home as there is a good chance they won’t let you on the plane.
Buy chorizo de Teror from little shops and supermarkets. It comes in a string of sausages about four inches long and one (more than enough for a taste) costs less than a euro.
Chuchangas or caracoles are snails and that’s enough to put most people off straight away. However, Canarian snail stew is a rich and delicious dish that is worth tracking down in local restaurants.
The snails sold in Gran Canaria are harvested in the wild after rain and fed on bran and herbs for a few days to make them taste better. Once cooked with tomatoes, peppers, onion, garlic and some chorizo they lose their sliminess and taste great.
Tasty lapas or limpets are a favourite Canarian seafood snack. They come in their own convenient little cooking pot and only need a couple of minutes under the grill. Served with green mojo and lemon juice limpets are a delicious if chewy snack.
Goats are pretty cute, but that doesn’t stop Canarians for cooking them up. Goat stew is a favourite dish up in the hills and is fantastic on a cold day. It has a strong taste a bit like lamb and should be melt-in-your-mouth tender.
Morena frita is deep fried moray eel complete with skin and bones. It’s fatty and fiddly to eat and not that rewarding.
Alex says: Moray eels don’t taste great and are worth far more alive as Scuba diving attractions than they are on a plate. However, moray eels are common and a traditional food in the Canary Islands, so feel free to try them.
Carajacas are thin strips of cow or pig liver marinated in garlic, chili and parsley and then stewed. They can be tender and delicious or tough and horrible depending on the bar.
Small supermarkets in Gran Canaria's resorts are great for buying water and cold beer, but they are expensive if you use them to buy food.
Banished! is how twelve-year-old Flavia de Luce laments her predicament, when her father and Aunt Felicity ship her off to Miss Bodycote’s Female Academy, the boarding school that her mother, Harriet, once attended across the sea in Canada. The sun has not yet risen on Flavia’s first day in captivity when a gift lands at her feet. Flavia being Flavia, a budding chemist and sleuth, that gift is a charred and mummified body, which tumbles out of a bedroom chimney. Now, while attending classes, making friends (and enemies), and assessing the school’s stern headmistress and faculty (one of whom is an acquitted murderess), Flavia is on the hunt for the victim’s identity and time of death, as well as suspects, motives, and means. Rumors swirl that Miss Bodycote’s is haunted, and that several girls have disappeared without a trace. When it comes to solving multiple mysteries, Flavia is up to the task—but her true destiny has yet to be revealed.
From his years serving in British Intelligence during the Cold War, to a career as a writer that took him from war-torn Cambodia to Beirut on the cusp of the 1982 Israeli invasion to Russia before and after the collapse of the Berlin Wall, le Carré has always written from the heart of modern times. In this, his first memoir, le Carré is as funny as he is incisive, reading into the events he witnesses the same moral ambiguity with which he imbues his novels. Whether he's writing about the parrot at a Beirut hotel that could perfectly mimic machine gun fire or the opening bars of Beethoven’s Fifth; visiting Rwanda’s museums of the unburied dead in the aftermath of the genocide; celebrating New Year’s Eve 1982 with Yasser Arafat and his high command; interviewing a German woman terrorist in her desert prison in the Negev; listening to the wisdoms of the great physicist, dissident, and Nobel Prize winner Andrei Sakharov; meeting with two former heads of the KGB; watching Alec Guinness prepare for his role as George Smiley in the legendary BBC TV adaptations of Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley’s People; or describing the female aid worker who inspired the main character in The Constant Gardener, le Carré endows each happening with vividness and humor, now making us laugh out loud, now inviting us to think anew about events and people we believed we understood.
Best of all, le Carré gives us a glimpse of a writer’s journey over more than six decades, and his own hunt for the human spark that has given so much life and heart to his fictional characters.
Sometimes You start an Activity with a Good Intention but the Activity runs completely Out of Hand because You were unable to Predict all the effects.
Sometimes an Activity starts with a Good Intention and Ends with a Good Result but much later You discover that you have started a Chain of Activities and the Result of the Chain is Bad.
A Chinese farmer awoke one morning to find a horse grazing in one of his fields. Since nobody came to claim the horse, the farmer used it to plow his uncultivated land. “What a good this horse is for you,” said his neighbor. “We’ll see,” said the farmer. Soon after, the farmer’s 18-year-old son was riding the horse when it shied at a snake. The youth fell off and broke his leg. “What an evil this is for you,” said his neighbor. “We’ll see,” said the farmer. Soon after, the warlord’s agents combed the village, conscripting young men for his army. Because of his broken leg, the farmer’s son was not taken. “What a good this is for you,” said his neighbor. “We’ll see,” said the farmer.
The Tarot Card the Devil: The Devil, the God Pan, is the Force of Desire. On the Card we can see that Humans are able to Lift the Chains of Desire.
The big problem is that we attach a Value to the Intentions or the Consequences of an Activity and this Value has just two Names named: “Good” or “Bad“.
When the E-Valuation is “Good” we Feel Good. When the E-Valuation is “Bad” we feel Anger, Sadness, Guilty, Depressed or Worse. The Names of the Evaluation trigger the Emotions Deeply.
Most of the time we feel Guilty without any need to feel Guilty because we are not in Control of Everything that Happens.
Humans need the “Illusion of Control” to sustain their Identity. Deep within they don’t want to believe that Other Human Beings or the Forces of Nature (“the Acts of God“) are also Active Agents.
Ethics is the Philosophical Study of “the Moral Value of Human Conduct and of the Rules and Principles that ought to govern it” or “the principles concerning the distinction between Right and Wrong or Good and Bad Behavior’
The most important Rule of Ethics is the so called Golden Rule : ” We should do to others what we would want others to do to us” or “do not do to others what you would not like to be done to you“.
The Golden Rule of Empathy and Forgiving is the most important Ethical Rule in many Cultures all around the World.
When Bad People don’t want to use the Good Golden Rule some cultures use the Rule “An Eye for an Eye” (Revenge) to do Justice to the Bad Ones. When you do Bad to a Person, the Bad Behavior is Applied to Yourself. “Eye for an eye” is used to make Bad People Aware of the Good Golden Rule.
The interesting point is that the combination of the Golden Rule and the “Eye for an Eye“-Rule (called Tit-for-Tat) is the best way to solve the Iterated Prisoners Dilemma, a Chain of Conflicts.
Strangely enough The Good (now called Cooperation) is Accomplished when you just Imitate the Behavior of the Others.
There is One (fatal) Exception to the Strategy of Tit-for-Tat. If you want to operate On Your Own and You think You don’t need the Others to Survive the best Way to Operate is to Betray Every Body. Bad Behavior provides you with a Huge Economic Win but also with a Huge Social Loss.
To Compensate your Social Loss You have to Buy the Others (Lawyers, Mercanaries, ) or (worse) you have to Force the Others with Violence to Cooperate with You. In the first Case you lose a lot of Money and in the last case the Amount of Revenge increases exponentially.
To Survive you always have to Balance the Social (“the Other“) and the Economic (“the Ego“). The “easy way’ is to do the Good and the “difficult way“ is to do the Bad.
Cooperation is a highly Effective and Efficient Method to accomplish the Good for Your Self and the Others because Good Behavior attracts Good Behavior and Bad Behavior attracts Bad Behavior.
To do Good or to do Justice you have to Apply the Same to the Same because The Same Attracts the Same.
The Same Law: ”Look-A-Likes Like Each Other and Repel the Organisms that are not looking alike” (called Genetic Similarity Theory) also explains Evolution. This rule was detected by Charles Darwin when he wanted to explain the huge amount of Cooperation in Nature.
Some Scientists believe the Moral Laws are Eternal Truths. This believe has a long History that goes back to Ancient Rome (Cicero), Ancient Greece (Plato, Socrate) and Ancient Egypt (Ma’at).
During the Renaissance (“Rebirth“) the Moral Principles of Rome, Greece, and Egypt were reborn and transformed into Moral Systems based on the Four (Prudence, Justice, Temperance and Fortitude) or the Seven Virtues (The Four Virtues & Faith, Hope and Love).
When you understand and apply the Universal Moral Laws you use the Virtue of Prudence (Wisdom, Knowledge). To Apply the Golden Lesson you need to have Courage and a Strong Will, the Virtue of Fortitude. When you keep the three Virtues (Wisdom, Justice and Will) in the right Balance you are practising the virtue of Temperance.
“If I speak in the tonguesof men and of angels, but have not love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal. If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, I am nothing. If I give all I possess to the poor and surrender my body to the flames,but have not love, I gain nothing.
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.
Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass away. For we know in part and we prophesy in part, but when perfection comes, the imperfect disappears. When I was a child, I talked like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child. When I became a man, I put childish ways behind me. Now we see but a poor reflection as in a mirror; then we shall see face to face. Now I know in part; then I shall know fully, even as I am fully known. And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love”.
Ma’at (later named Sophia ) was one of the (3×3) Nine Egyptian Neteru . She represented the Virtues of Truth, Balance, Justice, and Order. Just like Lady Justice she uses a Scale.
The dead person’s Heart was placed on the scale, balanced by the Feather of Ma’at. If the Heart weighed the same as the Feather of Ma’at, the deceased was allowed to go on to the Eternal Afterlife and gained Immortality (Heaven).
If the deceased had been found not to have followed the concept of Ma’at during his life (if he had lied or cheated or killed or revenged) his heart was devoured by a demon and he died the final death and was Reincarnated (Hell).
The Human, the Talking Baboon, had to start all over again to Learn and Apply the most important Golden Lesson of the Universe.
The way of Ma’at was to Act out of the Center of Conscioussness, the Heart. Acting out of the Heart is called the Virtue of Love.
Ma’at was also the God of Balance, Rythm and the Cycles. The Good and the not-Good moved the Cycles of the Universe.
The Good and the not-Good came out of the Same Source, the Void, the Sekhem, the Source of Infinite Potential and Love.
In the Eastern (Gnostic, Egyptian, Indian, African, Mystic) Believe System the Good and the Bad are both created by the Demiurg (or the Logos, “In the beginning was the Word and Word was God“) one of the Creations of the Void. The Void exists outside our Level of Existence. The Void is a Mystery.
The Good and the not-Good, the Bad, are Complementary Opponents. Their Union is the Whole. They Share the Void, the Empty Set. The Empty Set contains Everything that is Impossible.
The Good and the Bad Move the Cycles of the Universe. They represent the E-Motions (Expansion (Desire, Creation) and Contraction (Control, Destruction)) of the Void.
The Good, the Creator, and the Bad, the Destructor, are Two Faces of the Same Entity, the Spiritual Trinity, who came out of the Nothing.
The connection with the Void can be found in the Middle (the Golden Mean) of the Body, the Heart, the Link between the Triangel of the Material World (the Body) and the Triangel of the Spiritual World (The Mind).
The Heart, the connection with the Void, is the Seat of Consciousness. It is also the Seat of the Emotions (Soul).
When the Heart Weights like a Feather, the Upper (Mind) and the Lower Trinity (the Body) connected by the Emotions are in Balance.
The Bad and the Good are Attractors. When the Attraction becomes too High you get Addicted to the Bad or the Good. A huge Expansion is compensated by a huge Contraction to Balance the Cycle. When you want to avoid the Pain of Contraction you have to Balance your Life.
The Two Triangels with the Heart in the Middle are the Same As the Seven Chakra’s (2×3+1) and the Seven Virtues of the Renaissance.
When Body and Mind are in Balance, the Ideas of the Spiritual Trinity are received by the Trinity of the Mind and are Implemented by the Trinity of the Material Body in the Material World (Earth).
When the Mind is not connected to the Body and the Spirit, the Ideas become Abstractions (only Words) or the Impulses of the Desire of the Body Takes over Control.
When the Mind is not connected to the Spirit Innovation stops and Old Ideas (the Seeds) Repeat Themselves All the Time. The Human becomes a Machine Caught in the Wheel of the Good and the Bad.
The One, the Spiritual Trinity, who is The Void, the Good (the Creator) and the Bad (the Destructor), uses the Strategy of Tit-for-Tat, the Trickster.
The Trinity Imitates the Behavior of the Humans or We the Humans Copy their Behavior (“We are made in the Image of God“)!
The One wants to make the Humans Aware of the Fact that the only way to Survive the Infinite Chain of Conflicts (Dilemma’s, Contradictions), which is Life, is to Cooperate (Live out of the Heart) with the Infinite Potential, the God of Love.
The Golden Rule of Ethics tries to avoid the Negative Emotions, the Emotions of Loss. It wants to Create a situation were Everybody is Happy.
The Golden Rule of Ethics helps a lot to Evaluate our Intentions and the Consequences of our Intentions but the effect of our Collective Actions on the Bigger Structures is almost Unpredictable.
It would help a lot if we could Expand our View from the Emotional Human Other to “all the Other Life-Forms” that are in Existence.
In this case we have to Understand the Effects of our Behavior on the Negative Emotions of the Bacteria, the Plants, the Animals, Earth and even the Universe.
If the Act of Destruction is felt the same by all these Organisms it will be simply impossible to Live.
At this moment we are confronted with a World-Wide Crisis on many Levels of Existence. The Collective Behavior of the Human Race is Destroying our Environment.
It is almost impossible to Control this Expansion. The Control Systems have also reached their Limits.
The Two Complementary Forces, The Good and the Bad, Expansion and Contraction, Desire and Control, have both reached their Outer Limits.
If they both reach the Limits the Expanding Balloon of our Outer Universe will Explode in Itself (Implode) and move through the Void to another State. There is Simply no Space Left to Expand.
If this happens the Expansion of the Outer World will be Transformed into an Expansion of the Inner World.
The Big Bang, the Big Explosion, the Sublime Act of Creation, will Repeat itself and the Big Implosion will Create a New Universe.
When you want to apply this concept you have to Know Everything There is to Know about the Cycles and the Forces of Nature. Wu Wei is only possible when you have aquired the Knowledge and the Wisdom of Ma’at/Sophia.
Most of the Time the Power of the Cycle is so Strong that it is impossible for Us to influence the Flow of Time.
At all the other Moments History Takes its Course. The Good and Bad Forces, the Acts of God, Act without our Consent on the Higher Levels of Our Universe. It is a Waste of Time and Energy to Oppose these Forces.
In Ancients Times the Forces were called Gods, Angels or Devils. At this moment we Name these Forces with Different Names (Gravity, the Strong and Weak Force and the Electro-Magnetic Force) but the Effect of the Forces on our Field of Existence stays the Same.
Ma’at was one of the Egyptian Neteru (a Goddess). She represented the concept of Justice. Just like Lady Justice she carries a scale in her hands. Ma’at was also the keeper of the Afterworld.
The dead person’s heart was placed on a scale, balanced by the Feather of Ma’at. If the deceased had been found not to have followed the concept of Ma’at during his life (if he had lied or cheated or killed) his heart was devoured by a demon and he died the final death and was reincarnated. If the heart weighed the same as Ma’at, the deceased was allowed to go on to the eternal afterlife.
Ma’at was an important Neteru and important Neteru are bisexual. Ma’at was created by Amon (later named Ra, The Sun) and was one of the four bisexual primal forces in the Universe. Ma’at was the Breath of Life. Through Ma’at the Cycle of the Seasons and every other Cycle was moving around. Ma’at represented the Rythm of the Universe.
Later the bisexual Neteru were split into a male and a female part. Ma’at became female and her companion was represented by a Baboon. Later the Baboon changed into Thoth, The Scribe. Thoth (or Set) was the creator of language and writing. He was also a very powerfull Magician.
Behind the many transformations lies a very important story. It is the story of the Creation of Man. Man was a creation of a Neteru and his creation was a big mistake. His creation was not according to the Plan of Amon. The Plan of Amon was to keep Ma’at, Balance, Rythm and Order.
Man was created out of the secret fusion between one of the Neteru (Seth, Thoth, Enlil) and a “Chattering” Baboon. Three times the fusion failed and in the end Enlil decided to destroy his creations by the Great Flood. The Fusions between Ape and God was creating a gigantic cosmic Unbalance.
One of the Talking Baboons (Atrahasis, Noach) and all the (not-talking) Organisms were saved by the intervention of one of the other male Neteru (Enki, The Wise, The Water God). The Words of the Organisms (Seeds, DNA?) were put into a boat (The Ark). To keep the overpopulation of Humans in balance a System of Cycles of Creation and Destruction was created.
On the level of the Soul Man is a bisexual being. The Soul is incarnated in a Male and a Female body until he is able to leave the Cycle. He is able to leave the Cycle when his heart weights the same as the Feather of Ma’at. All he has to do is to live a life of Justice. He has to act out of the Heart.
A Human is capable of Injustice because he carries the “genes” of one of the male Neteru who stood up against Amon. If his heart is Heavy Like a Stone he is taken over by the Demon and has to return to the Material World to try again and again until he has learned his lesson (Reincarnation). The Demon has many tricks to keep the Soul into the material plane. His most important trick is Language.
Ancient Egyptian law dates from 3000 BC. It was based on the concept of Ma’at, rhetorical speech, social equality and impartiality. Around the 2200 BC the first law code based on casuistic statements (“if… then…”) was developed in Persia. Around 1760 BC, King Hammurabi further developed Babylonian law by codifying and inscribing it in stone.
About 5000 years later many people believe the Ancient people were barbaric. Objective Law and its Institutions are one of the beautifull inventions of Western Culture. Western Culture was a product of the old Greek Civilizations. The Romans perfected the System of Law.
Almost nobody knows that the old Creek Scientists copied all their knowlegde out of Egypt. The Greeks named the concept of Ma’at, Logos. The early Christians adopted this concept as you can see in the first line of the Gospel of John (“In the beginning was the Logos ,and the Logos was with God”). In the Gnostic Tradition of Christianity Ma’at was called Sophia (Wisdom).
The effect of the Gene of the deficient Neter later called the Devil has increased in Time. The split of the Male and the Female part resulted in a Male Dominance in every area part of Society. The Afterworld changed into an Underworld. The Power of the Heart has diminished.
The concept of Ma’at has lost his place. Ma’at has been blinded and her Feather has changed into a Sword. The amount of Rules has increased tremendously. The Chattering Baboon has produced many Words of Justice. The Talking Baboon has taken over the Power. His Words have finally killed Amon. Ma’at is not needed anymore. The Baboons are able to Stear the Stars themselves.
Nobody knows that we are still silently governed by Ma’at. We have to move to the Dark Cycle to restore the Golden Age of the Gods. In the Golden Age the Light of Amon (The Sun) will Shine Again.
Truth, Integrity, Honesty, Goodness and Balance brings one closer to the spiritual essence that is all pervasive in the Universe. There was nothing more sacred or important to the practitioner of the Ancient Egyptian Religion. The cosmic order that is Ma’at connects everything in the ageless dance of beauty and motion giving meaning to existence on all levels.
Many people today and in history (Nostrodamus, Edgar Cage,…) are predicting a Large Scale Disaster the Coming years.
There are two Major Issues, a Giant Worldwide Earthquake and the Collapse of a Big outside Object (Meteor, Planet X) into the Earth. This Blog is about Earthquakes.
Personally I don’t believe in the “Meteor” theory. A huge Solar Flare related with the Maximum of the coming Sun Cycle in 2012 is much more likely.
The Solar Flare will influence the Earth Magnetic Field and virtually destroy most of the current Infrastructures in the Western World. A Flare could start the “switch of the Magnetic Pole” and trigger Earthquakes.
The most predicted and documented Major Disaster is a Huge Earthquake Sequence in the Area of what is called the Ring of Fire.
This Sequence is started by Extreme Electro Magnetic and Gravitonial Effects (Tidal Waves) related to the Cycle of the Sun and the Movement of the Planets.
The Earth consists of a thin upper crust and molten lava, magma. The inner crust is semi-solid and hot. Like tidal waves, this molten lava is also influenced by tidal currents. The moment the high tide pull is more, it breaks open the crust and earthquakes occur. If the crust breaks completely, it results in a volcanic eruption.
The Tidal and Electro Magnetic Waves start so called Earthquake Storms. The Scientist who discovered Earthquake Storms is Amos Nur.
Amos Nur is a Scientist at Stanford University in California. Nur researched the fall of a host of civilisations in the Eastern Mediterranean at the end of the Bronze Age 1200 BC.
He compared the locations of 47 ancient cities that were destroyed with maps of earthquake epicentres from the past 80 years. Almost all the cities were in areas that today suffer the most intense seismic shaking.
A complicated junction of tectonic plates, with Africa diving under Europe has created a maze of faults. The connected faults cause periods of intense earthquakes in Turkey.
The Storms appears in a cyclic pattern of 400 years. The Romans recorded a cluster in the 4th century. The same happened in the 8th and the 15th century. At this moment a new Storm is activated. The City of Istanbul is the primary target of the next step. This will create a major disaster and will affect very important old buildings like the Aya Sophia.
Another Earthquake Storm is moving along the Pacific Plate. The Storm is becoming more dangerous. Southern California is long overdue for having its next catastrophic earthquake along the Pacific-North American Plate Boundary.
A region with maximum severity is the San Jacinto Fault Zone in the Inland Empire, which acts as the pressure relief valve for the Southern San Andreas Fault Zone. The Government will be organizing one of the biggest simulations in history soon. The Model that was developed shows that one of the biggest problems will be the Water-Supply of the Big Cities in California.
Another Earthquake Storms is moving along in Korea. The Storm has the same frequency and timing of the Cycle in Turkey.
Big Earthquakes trigger “small” Earthquakes Storms. U.S. researchers who have studied earthquakes with magnitudes greater than 7 have found that the “Big Ones” trigger smaller earhquakes thousands of miles away including on the opposite side of the planet and in areas not prone to quakes.
The strong waves are propageted all over the world and trigger small running Storms. Big Earthquake Storms (“Earthquake Tornado’s“) affect the “Earthquake Weather” all over the World.
Earthquakes are related to the Electro Magnetic Field of the Earth. The NASA-scientist Freund discovered this effect but Russian Scientists found the relationship already in 1979.
Russian Scientists discovered the Electro Magnetic Effects when they launched the Intercosmos-19 satellite in 1979. It detected an unusual low-frequency noise in a large area centred near the epicentre of an earthquake that occurred a few hours later.
It becomes clearer and clearer that the Weather in the Ionosphere and all the lower Spheres of the Earth including the Spheres that are in the “Underworld” are highly related. They are influenced by the Tidal Waves and the Electro Magnetic Waves in the Universe.
Strange Weather is related to Earthquake Storms and Earthquake Storms are like all the other processes on Earth related to Astronomical and Astrological Patterns. Not only Earth but the other Planets are moving into a Highly Instable Pattern. A very special astronomical event will trigger all the area’s of the Ring of Fire.
This special event happened long time ago and caused the end of Atlantis. We are warned by the Survivors of this Spectacular Disaster in many ways. They “generated” the prophecies but they also constructed calendars like the Mayan Calender.
The Turbulent Storms on Jupiter could also create a Spectacular Flare. The likelyhood of this Event is increasing.
Research shows that the number of natural disasters stemming from geological reasons such as Earthquakes, Volcanoes and Tsunamis increased from an annual average of one incident in the 1950s to two in the 2000s.
The number of natural calamities arising from weather-related reasons including floods, storms and draughts jumped from an annual average of two to seven over the same period.
A recent report released by international aid agency Oxfam suggested a similar trend. The agency said that natural disasters have quadrupled in the past two decades. The number of occurrences in the early 1980s stood at 120 a year, while it skyrocketed to about 500 these days.
Unfortunately, Asia has been the hardest-hit area. About 800 cases of natural disasters have occurred in the Asian region since 2001. In particular, the most populous countries, such as Indonesia, China and India, suffered the biggest damage.
All three countries are sitting on fault lines. A number of mountains and rivers in Asian countries are prone to landslides and floods. Moreover, the coastal areas are directly exposed to tropical storms.
The United States has suffered 222 cases of natural disasters since 2001, following Asia. The country has been frequently battered by capricious and unpredictable natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornadoes. Although the number of Hurricane Katrina victims is pale in comparison to that of Asian cyclones, it was shocking that Hurricane Katrina claimed the lives of more than 1,300 people given that the number of hurricane victims has rarely exceeded 100.
In contrast, Europe is classified as the safest region in the world. The European continent has witnessed a total 180 natural disasters since 2001. Most of them were wild fires. Meanwhile, as many as 50,000 people were killed by scorching heat waves that swept through France, Italy and Portugal in 2003, and Greece and Rumania in 2007.
The Disaster Pattern is highly connected to the Sun Cycle. This Cycle is in its most dangerous zone around 2012. This date is the End Date of the Mayan Calender. This Calendar ends when a very rare Astrological Event (A Conjunction) will appear.
Many People don’t believe in Astrology. They also think the Mayan Scientists were a way behind our own Scientists. They don’t know that Astrology is looking at the Gravitational Influences of the big Masses that are surrounding us. The effect of the of the Moon on Earth and the (Female) Human is easy to see.
The Strange thing that is happening is that Our current Scientists are coming to the same conclusion as the Old Fashioned Mayas. Both of them are aware of the (complicated) cyclic patterns in Nature.
The funny thing is that the “unbelievers” also don’t want to believe Science. Perhaps they are afraid to find out that the old predictions are right. Perhaps they don’t want to accept that we, the Humans, are not able to control Nature.
We are not the managers of the Universe. We are just a part of Nature, highly influenced by the same forces that are affecting Animals, Plants, Rocks and Stones.
2. A medieval officer of high rank, usually serving as military commander in the absence of a monarch.
One of the most influential inventors of our time was Nikola Tesla (1856-1943). He was specialized in “Electro-Magnetic Inventions“.
Tesla saw his inventions in his mind. He not only saw them he could even play with them in his mind to improve the design.
Tesla invented normal inventions but when the normal inventions were created he started to create abnormal and even absurd inventions.
This a part of a letter to the New York Times that Tesla wrote in 1908. If you read this Letter carefully you will see that Tesla has discovered the Source of Creation, The AEther.
“According to an adopted theory, every ponderable atom is differentiated from a tenuous fluid, filling all space merely by spinning motion, as a whirl of water in a calm lake. By being set in movement this fluid, the ether, becomes gross matter. Its movement arrested, the primary substance reverts to its normal state. It appears, then, possible for man through harnessed energy of the medium and suitable agencies for starting and stopping ether whirls to cause matter to form and disappear. At his command, almost without effort on his part, old worlds would vanish and new ones would spring into being. He could alter the size of this planet, control its seasons, adjust its distance from the sun, guide it on its eternal journey along any path he might choose, through the depths of the universe. He could make planets collide and produce his suns and stars, his heat and light; he could originate life in all its infinite forms. To cause at will the birth and death of matter would be man’s grandest deed, which would give him the mastery of physical creation, make him fulfill his ultimate destiny.”
I want to focus this blog on one highly mythical story in the Life of Tesla. In this Story another “mad scientist” named John von Neumann appears.
The story reads like a science fiction book but many parts of the story are factual and even the facts are disturbing enough.
At a certain moment Tesla claimed a few things. He claimed he could create the “Weapon of all Weapons“. This Weapon would end All Wars. Tesla also claimed he could talk with extra terrestrials by an invention called the Teslascope. Later he claimed he could create Invisibility. Tesla claimed much more. When he was eighty-one, Tesla claimed he had completed a dynamic theory of gravity with this theory he could create anti-gravity.
The claims of Tesla about New Weapons, Invisibility, Anti-Gravity and even Time Travel attracted the US Army. The first goal was to create an invisible ship. In the experiment he would be collaborating with John von Neumann.
Von Neumann was the man behind the first computer (the Enniac), the Atomic Bomb and the H-Bomb. He was also highly infuencial in the field of Quantum Mechanics.
John von Neumann believed he could calculate everything. He believed that he could create an Artificial Mind. When he could connect this Artificial Mind to The Force of Creation he could create completely new things. He knew Tesla could help him to reach his goal.
In 1940 a full test was done in the Brooklyn Naval Yard. It was a small test, with no one on board the vehicle. By 1941 a ship was procured to do a full experiment.
Tesla knew that the mental state and bodies of the crew would be affected severely. He wanted more time to perfect the experiment. Von Neumann disagreed and the experiment was performed with a crew on board. Tesla left the project.
The result of all this became a legend called the Philadelphia Experiment. Tesla was right. He was right because Tesla always used his own body and mind in his own experiments.
The physiological effects on the crew were profound. Almost all of the crew were violently ill. They experienced tremors and other distortions of the neurological system.
Some suffered from mental illness as a result of their experience; behavior consistent with Psychosis is described in other accounts. Still other members were physically unaccounted for. They simply vanished and came back later in time.
Five of the crew were allegedly fused to the metal bulkhead or deck of the ship. Still others were said to fade in and out of sight. All of the crew-members experienced Time-Travel.
Later the project was transferred to Montauk. John Von Neumann became the manager. In the Montauk Project he wanted to create a Mind Amplifier.
The Legend tells us that he was able to do this. What von Neumann did not realize was that the Amplifier created a Hole in Time (a Portal, a Wormhole) and this portal was a Two-Way-Street. Others, Extra Terrestials, used the Hole to enter our Universe.
Everything connected to the Philadelphia Experiment, the Montauk Experiment and other Strange and Dangerous experiments is denied by the American Government.
The American Government was at that time controlled by Congress and Congress organized hearings. One of the most intensive research programs was performed by the Church Committee. It proved that the Army and the Intelligence Services violated many laws.
Many people don’t trust the Army. If you search the Internet it contains thousands of websites that contain facts and interpretations of the facts. Almost nobody believes the Government is telling the Truth. This is a very BAD SIGN. It decreases the believe in Government and its Actions to serve the Citizens.
People don’t trust the Army and the Government because every time when its actions are researched by Parliament many illegal activities are proved. They have aquired the expectation that the Government is always hiding something.
Because they don’t know the “real” facts they create their own theories (Myths). Many of these Myths are about Conspiracies. Somewhere behind the Government is an Evil Force trying to Control Everybody.
If you look at the major priorities at this moment (Mind Control) it is very difficult not to believe in a Conspiracy to Control Everybody.
The Army has developed neural implants to control the behavior of humans. The implants give direct input into the brain and make it possible for a Central Command Center to manage the behavior of soldiers. They are also used to control the behavior of animals (Sharks).
The Army has invented a Long Range Acoustical Device (LRAD) that can be used to control a crowd. It is able to induce high levels of pain.
Another technology is called Trancranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS). TMS uses Electro-Magnetic Fields to control the emotions.
These projects are all described in “US Electromagnetic Weapons and Human Rights” By Peter Phillips, Lew Brown and Bridget Thornton.
John Norseen, one of scientists cited in the document shows the long term perspective. “If this research pans out you can begin to manipulate what someone is thinking even before they know it.” He is like John von Neumann not interested in Ethics. He is certainly not a “mad” scientist – just a dedicated one. “The ethics don’t concern me,” he says, “they should concern someone else”
Using Excel 2010 or 2007?functions in Microsoft Excel, as well as sim;son absolute references in formulas. For example, the most used function in Excel is the SUM function, which is used. pared to the menu-based UI used until Office 2007. Important: if pc gamer world of tanks definitive guide are copying data simpsn was produced in excel using a formula, especially if you are copy. This tutorial mwnual written for Microsoft Excel 2007 running simpson schwalbe kr50 manual Windows XP.
Of the function bar shows you what cells are currently active. In Pioneer mvh 1490ub manual lawn mower 1 and. Nov 28, 2014. CtrlShiftend in. Page 1 of 15. Windows XP. Formulas Functions in Microsoft Excel. Excel uses functions mathematical expressions already available. Excel makes use of formulas mathematical expressions that you create and. Called the document themes has been introduced in Excel 2007 and can be.
There are over 400 different built-in formulas, or Functions as they are called, in Excel 2007. These functions enable you to create simple to complex calculations. ModulesAdvanced ExcelAdvanced Excel formulas and functions. doc simpson schwalbe kr50 manual. Restoring the Function Arguments dialog box in order to edit a function. Aug 1, 2007. That applies to Microsoft Office Excel 2007 as well, and once you have learned it, you will be able to do things you. SV lwh length width. Formula Sheet.
Prospect Park is adjacent to open space with hiking, playground, and hpok fishing at Tabor Lake and Prospect Lake. Rifle Falls, Rifle and Harvey Gaps. I love the car, and decent work. Near Bent's Old Fort. Bellvue, Glendevey, La Porte, Rustic. The median age was 37 years.
Tent camping in the foothills. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Summer pool, indoor hot tub, mini-golf. The publisher, The Colorado Directory, Inc. Retrieved June 9,  Winding River Resort Village:
Resort hotel and RV camp: I work out every day! Cabins with fireplaces, decks overlooking private stocked river frontage. Tenters and RVers welcome.
Get directions, maps, and traffic for Elbert, CO. Check flight prices and hotel availability for your visit. DHU is a % free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in Pueblo. Meet local Pueblo singles Here's where you can meet singles in Pueblo, Colorado. Elbert County. Colorado. Property Search. Pay Taxes Online. Employment Opportunities. Elbert County has current and projected vacancies on the Planning Commission.
I like to cook and keep my house as spotless as possible. Im a music major and I play clarinet. Sup ladies. WHAT AM I DOING WRONG.
Sex Service Secondcreek Fuck Girls In Clearwater Just seeking for a release, local hook up in Elbert Colorado more. I'm 21, I like camping, swimming, well much anything outside also like just hanging out.
The basic premise of the show is that the friends try being in a relationship for 30 days. During that time, they will be provided with a series of compatibility exercises designed to determine if they were really meant to be together…or if they should remain as friends.
On your application, you can say you were referred by Dee Simone (I am not receiving any compensation or anything of value for my referrals or sharing this posting).
P.S. Don’t forget to check out my new book, Picking up the Pieces: Rebuilding Yourself for the Love and Relationship You Deserve
It has been 14 days since my last post, and 18 since giving up passive news intake. There have been a few news leaks, but the break from information has made what does slip through seem more like snippets of a Margaret Atwood novel than news of current events. I love Margaret Atwood as much as the calm feeling that all is well and we do not live in one of her worlds.
Good news: I’ve finally had the time to fulfill my lifelong dream of starting a small-batch, basement-made, Artisanal Onion™ line of products. These are available for purchase just in time for the annual International Major Religious Holiday Day.
Order for that someone special by midnight tonight and receive it in time for, if not any of the upcoming holidays, some future holiday or another.
Still in stock, we have holiday-themed Batch 33 Onion Cologne, Batch 142 Onion Body Wash, and Original Batch Classic Onion Breath Mints. Made in America. Get yours now!
The Generic City is the city liberated from the captivity of the centre, from the straitjacket of identity (…). If it gets too small, it expands. If it gets old, it self-destructs and renews (…) it can produce a new identity every Monday morning.
I returned from the latest Probe Conference last night, more tired than I have felt in ages. I didn’t book the day after my return as leave so had to go to work; big mistake! It was the early shift what’s more. A side-effect of the Probe Conference is the massive come-down I get after it ends. I call this “post-Probe blues” and I’m not the only one who suffers from it. For two days we live very intensely and joyously, with incredible information pouring into us, as well as a lot of love and comradeship from the fellow delegates. When it all suddenly draws to a close on the Sunday afternoon it is disconcerting to find myself once again floundering in the torrent of everyday life. The Probe experience throws all that I normally find bearable into unbearable relief.
This conference was different in two important ways. Firstly I traveled by a different route instead of going straight to the conference venue from Oxford. I first headed to Nottingham on the Thursday to meet up with Ustane and travel to Lytham St Annes with her. Secondly I had my movie camera with me and managed to conduct four interviews for HPANWO TV. Here they are: http://hpanwo-tv.blogspot.com/2009/03/uk-probe-conference-march-2009.html . Even before I set off something happened that reminded me that there’s far more to the world than the Conformist Regime would have us believe; as well as reminding me of Brian Halliwell’s speech from the previous conference. A short distance from Ustane’s home is what I thought was a semi-derelict warehouse. I’ve walked past it many times and never paid it much attention, but on Thursday evening I was curious to see that the door was open and lights were on inside. Something urged me to go over and take a look. I stopped at the door to the building and saw that it was full of books, boxes and crate-loads of them all stacked on metal shelves. Not displayed as they would be in a shop, but just put there, all wrapped up in paper and cellophane, for distribution to shops. The warehouse is actually a book wholesaler. The urge continued and I stepped inside. Nobody was around but I heard voices from parts of the room that were out of sight. As I said, this was a wholesaler not a bookshop, so it was amazing to see that the staff had set up a makeshift vending area by the door. Just a table with a money box and a sign saying “Please Pay Here”. It seemed that this wholesaler did invite passers-by to drop in and buy single books. Now a few weeks ago I was reminded by somebody of a book I read as a teenager called The Dispossessed by Ursula Le Guin. (http://www.wsu.edu/~brians/science_fiction/dispossessed.html )
The story is an ingenious sci-fi political satire, but at the time I read it I couldn’t grasp its theme, so I remember thinking for the first time in decades: “I really must read that book again!” As I wandered along the rows of shelves I saw a single copy of The Dispossessed lying completely on its own among other titles. I took it to the “till” and saw that the book only cost 50P! Why? It was in perfect condition, brand new, shrink-wrapped in plastic. Also, although this title is still in print, it is not well-known nowadays and will not unusually be found stocked in general bookshops. What’s more why did this wholesaler only have a single copy when all the other books were mass-orders in big boxes and crates? I told Brian about this when I saw him and he agreed that it was an interesting case of synchronicity.
We left Nottingham early on Friday and had a delightful journey through the beautiful Pennines on a dirty cattle-truck of a train. We were accompanied for the last leg of the journey from Preston by Nick. For some reason I always meet a Probe-buddy on Preston station; usually it’s Tony, but he wasn’t there this time. We met a young couple on the train who are into Probe-related subjects and overheard us talking; they were not attending the conference and were just heading for Blackpool two stations beyond St Annes. I sometimes think that there’s a “silent majority” out there of people who watch David Icke and Alex Jones etc on the Net, but don’t mention it until they meet somebody else who does. We encouraged them to attend the next conference and hopefully we’ll see them again there! I was at a different hotel this time and Ustane and I moved into our comfortable but overheated room before heading out to say hello to St Annes. We had a delicious meal at a carvery and were delighted to see Jean and Sam there. We met up with more of our Probe-buddies later at the Carlton and enjoyed the ecstatic reunion that always follows. Then we went off for an adventure, to Blackpool and to the wonderful Mad Scot’s bar. It is run by a man called Hamish who has stood up for civil liberties by defying the government’s pub-smoking ban. I ended up singing karaoke there and crooned the night away while my Probe buddies sat and talked. The next morning we had breakfast, but it was not as good as the one I got at my previous hotel and I managed to persuade Ustane that we should go back there next time. The Probe Conference began with a short obituary to Tony Dodd, the maverick UFO researcher who died recently. He had a close encounter when he was a policeman in the 70’s and has since helped abductees and contactees whom everybody else were laughing out of town. Rest in peace, Tony. The speakers then began. I’ve reproduced my interpretation of what they said to the best of my understanding, based on notes I took during their speeches. If any of them are reading this, or anybody else better-informed, and I’ve made some mistakes then I apologize:
Matt spoke at last spring’s conference and you can read my review of his lecture by clicking the links in the linked article above. Here’s a review of another lecture Matt did: http://hpanwo.blogspot.com/2008/10/breaking-serpents-spell-matthew-delooze.html . I also got the chance to interview him for HPANWO TV and you can watch the interview on the link above. Matt began this lecture with a music video then said that all people are given three choices: 1. You believe in God, and that you are bad and so go to Hell. 2. You don’t believe in God and think that death means “goodnight” an end to your existence. 3. You believe in God and that you are a good person so your ticket to Heaven is booked! So, asks Matt, in any of those three scenarios, what are we doing here? The answer came to him in a most unexpected and painful way. In 1999 Matt had a tortured mental breakdown. It emerged from a dispute at work and ended in the revelation that the whole world is a monumental deception. Between 1999 and 2002 he never got off the sofa. He regained lost childhood memories of being visited by a strange being that looked like a woman in a blue dress with a green light around her. He learned that the Illuminati, human agents of a malevolent extra-dimensional consciousness, which he calls The Serpent Cult, have tricked us into performing rituals, without our knowledge or consent, that give energy to this parasitic consciousness. These rituals are passed from one generation to the next by education, peer-pressure and parental indoctrination. Religion is the most obvious example; mainstream faiths of all forms repeat the same covert adherence to Sun-God worship. The star we call the sun is far more than just the source of the Earth’s physical energy; it’s the source of its psychic energy too. According to Matt, services in your local village church are not really Christian, but hidden homage to the occult. For example, every Christian prayer ends with the word “Amen”; We’re told at school that this means “So be it”, but it doesn’t. “Amen” is actually Amen-Ra, an Ancient Egyptian sun-god. Baptism, weddings, funerals and other religious procedures are secretly an Egyptian solar-deity ritual! He showed us an ancient stone relief of Amen-Ra and also some depictions of Reptilian Humanoid figures that date back long before the modern rituals of Christianity. Matt’s testimony matches the experience of other researchers who speak of “energy extraction” by intelligences beyond our universe who have the power to invade other worlds and leech psychic power from the minds therein. What goes for Christianity goes for other religions too. But the manipulated rituals are not confined to religion; they can be found in the speeches and actions of politicians, as well as celebrities. All these things are designed to persuade us to give our emotional psychic energy up to this 4th Dimensional parasitic intelligence. Matt then showed us a film of the famous medium Derek Acora channeling on the TV show Most Haunted. An aspect of religion and Spiritualism that Matt takes issue with is to do with death. As Matt kept reiterating in his lecture, and also his HPANWO TV interview, we do not die. The idea that we do is a lie designed to distort our focus on the universe. However official religion and many alternatives like Spiritualism see it as some kind of epiphany. We’re supposed to leave our physical bodies and pass over to a world of pure wisdom and love. This is not true. Despite my interest in the powerful positive messages in the Near-Death Experience, and I’ve no doubt that there are universes out there far more enlightened than this one, I think I agree that for most of us death is simply a transition to another similar state of consciousness in a very similar dimensional plain to the one we live in now. These dimensions may well be just as much under the jurisdiction of the parasitic Serpent consciousness as our own. Their world is like a net, entrapping and encircling as many others as possible. So most sprits are no more enlightened than the rest of us, going round and round in circles of life, death, suffering and paying taxes, then more of the same. To me this matches the oriental concept of Samsara, the recurring eternal illusion that the Buddha taught the people to escape. We can wake up! From love we came and to love we can return. This world can be a prison or a paradise; it’s up to us to make it whatever we want it to be. Matt warns us to “watch our backs like a paranoid schizophrenic!” Be wary of everything you do and everything that happens to you. When he comes back next time, Matt wants to come back to a happier world full of people who want to manifest happy things. I’d like that to, although I want to be here when it all changes because that will be one hell of a ride and I’d hate to miss all the fun! Matt then said that if there’s no change soon then it’s a case of “Abandon Ship”. I’m not quite sure what he means there and I forgot ask him, but many people talk about 2012 and the Great Transition that is about to begin. I’m convinced that this Great Transition is definitely happening, although I’m not sure it will happen punctually on the 2012 date. What will happen for sure is anyone’s guess, but listening to Matthew Delooze will definitely aid you in coming to your own conclusion. 2012? Bring it on! One of Matt’s current projects is an Ayahuasca workshop in Brazil, which he has attended four times. Ayahuasca is a powerful psychoactive or “entheogenic” drug made from two Amazonian plants, Psychotria Viridis and Banisteropsis Caapi. On their own they have no effect at all, but put together they almost miraculously switch the mind to a new frequency and allow the user to see beyond the veil of this 3D/linear-time plain. David Icke has also used Ayahuasca, but unlike David I think Matt is being honest about the experience it gives him because it is similar in form to what Graham Hancock, Terrence McKenna and other Ayahuasca-trippers say. David Icke is holding something back.
Robert Hulse has been researching UFO’s, crop circles, animal mutilations and other paranormal phenomena for over 30 years, but laments that in recent times the subject has become a bit like train-spotting. Robert has worked with every big UFO name in the business. The late lamented Tony Dodd, David Cayton (Who spoke about Animal Mutilations in a previous Probe Conference, see link above), Linda Moulton-Howe and Paul Villette. Robert saw the same craft as Villette in England. Also he’s shared experiences with another famous UFO contactee, George Adamski and he calls Adamski his hero! He claims to have met the same humanoid ET’s Adamski did. Adamski said that the ET’s in fact were “human” and disliked mysticism towards them. Remarkably Robert believes that Adamski’s influence continued after his death! In 1965 a man called Arthur Bryant encountered a craft at the village of Scoriton in Devon. One of the humanoid beings on the craft said his name was “Yamski” and this was the day after Adamski died. Also Adamski reported that the aliens he encountered had a red rose symbol on their sleeves and Bryant saw the same emblem on the seat of the Scoriton craft. Had Adamski’s soul somehow become incarnated as an alien after he died? Was Adamski actually an alien anyway? These questions lead me to wonder about the entire Extraterrestrial Hypothesis itself, at least in its conventional form. UFO’s might not really be nuts-and-bolts solid objects flown by flesh-and-blood creatures from Mars or other planets within our own universe that could be seen with a good enough telescope, but could in fact be far more closely linked to ghosts and non-physical things like that. They might not be so much from “out there” as from “the other down here”! Robert’s interest in high strangeness was born out of his own experiences He’d already said he had contact with humanoid aliens, but in fact his whole family had “contact syndrome”; marks on the body, missing time etc. His sister Stella could bend spoons. Contrary to popular belief, this ability did not originate, nor is it confined, to stage conjurors like Yuri Geller. Robert’s mother was also taken, in fact this kind of thing tends to run in families. Robert says that at times his own face changes to that of an alien! Although I assure you that didn’t happen during his session on stage! “Do I have the soul of an alien” he asked. Like myself, Robert understands that there are many different types of alien with a whole array of different agendas. Some of them are good and some bad. Some of them created the human species! Darwin was correct about other animals, but not man; we are genetically modified. Unlike David Cayton, Robert puts forward an idea of why animals are being mutilated and shows a picture of a mutilated sheep body that was recently found in the Welsh borders. It is indeed aliens that are doing it, but they’re doing it for analysis, keeping an eye on our environment. I’m not sure about that; there are many holes in that idea that I can’t go into here. I’m also wondering about the environmental damage being done by passing aliens killing animals! Robert shows pictures of crop circles and says that they are put on ley lines and the different shapes and patterns are designed to channel different energies. We are NOT alone! Robert then goes on to explore some of histories mysteries and look at where extraterrestrial contact fits into it. There’s an ancient site in Turkey called Gobeki Tepe which Robert believes is the location of the Garden of Eden. It’s one of the places where agriculture began at the dawn of the Neolithic Age around 10,000 BC. Modern crops descended from their strains so modern Hovis bread and Weetabix come from crops originally bred at Gobeki Tepe. Was farming given to us by aliens? Ancient pictures contain shapes that look like modern technology, like the famous Abydos helicopters and lightbulb. But I ask why the ancient artist produced pictures of modern flying craft and not the extraterrestrials’ ones. Gobeki Tepe is the place where Abraham may have fled after the destruction of Ur of the Chaldees and there are interesting quotes in the Bible that may relate to contact with aliens such as the object seen by the prophet Ezekiel. The ancient descriptions of aliens, if that’s what they were, seem to indicate that the aliens always intend to overtly return again in large numbers. This eventuality has been covered in many sci-fi stories, some less than entertaining or intelligent, but what if it did happen? Could this be the secret of 2012? Robert left us with another enigma. On November the 13th 1957 a lady in Birmingham called Cynthia Appleton saw a humanoid alien appear in her house and tell her that she would have a “space baby”. This baby boy was born in 1959. Where is he today? I looked around the conference hall at all the men who looked about 50!
Mark Olly is a flamboyant and outgoing TV presenter who has starred in a series of History Channel documentaries about the history and archaeology of the UK. He came onto stage in a costume that looked like a cross between a pirate and the Prince Regent. He urged us, as he does his TV audience, to get out there are discover things for themselves, to contribute to the latest historical studies. He took us on a journey back though time starting with the Manchester Ship Canal. There’s a village on the canal with a “penny ferry” which has taken people over the canal since it was dug, although inflation has bitten and it now costs 11p to make the crossing! In 1756 a place called Belfields Farm was built that looks like a sailing ship from above (It’s the first thing I’ll look for on Google Earth!) This is because it was the home of Admiral Daniel Hoare who built it from a share of captured Spanish gold. The interior of the house is constructed like a ship too with cannon and secret holds. Going back to the English Civil War, a church is famous for being a place where three snipers kept guard and the body of them was found in its graveyard. Nearby were bronze armour-piercing flintlock bullets. These ancient guns were supposed to be very inefficient and hard to aim, but recently one was reconstructed and is found to be a lot more powerful and accurate than was previously thought. Mark has also discovered another church that was prominent in the Hundred Years War. There is a living tree there with pieces missing because they were used to make longbows for the Battle of Agincourt. Mark mentions the 13th Century Manly Gold Ring. The ring was discovered by accident and it’s made of the purest gold. There’s a monastery on the River Mersey which has Knights Templar artifacts in including stretched skulls. Evidence has been discovered there which indicates that the Knight’s Templar fought back the invading Scottish army, after their victory at Bannockburn, at that very point. Mark asks whether King Harold really did get killed by an arrow in his eye, or even at all, at the Battle of Hastings. The body that was supposedly Harold’s was never properly identified and may well be just any old body that King William said was Harold to parade it in a show of bravado. What’s more a man claiming to be King Harold turned up a few years later in Chester, the last Saxon town to fall to the Normans. Then Mark takes us back to the Dark Ages and shows that some log boats found in a peat bog and thought to be Stone Age were actually Mediaeval and were used by Danish secret agents. There’s also a massive war cemetery in Chester full of the bodies of Saxon and Welsh soldiers with obvious signs of trauma on them. My ears pricked up when he mentioned Martin Mere. Marin Mere is a patch of lakes and wetlands in Lancashire, but in the Middle Ages it was a huge inland sea over 5 miles long. I recently read the book Monster of the Mere by Jonathan Downes of the Centre for Fortean Zoology (see links column) where he and his friends investigate a huge fish said to live in the lakes. Downes reckons that the monster is a Wels catfish introduced in Victorian times, but I asked Mark what he thought and he said that it could be descended from a race of fish that lived in the lake centuries earlier. There are strange former lakebed areas near the mere where it is said Sir Lancelot is buried and the name of Lancashire maybe comes from his name. It could be that Guinevere was a Pictish Queen and that was why all the blokes in the Arthurian Legends were after her. After the Roman Empire fell in the 5th Century and the Picts moved south over Hadrian’s Wall it was important to be seen to be friendly with them, and marrying into their royal house was the best way to do so. Mark said that he has found the spot where the Romans were halted in their advance north through Britain. Contrary to popular belief they did not have a clear run all the way to the border of the Picts’ kingdom and may well have been holed up on the North Cheshire Ridge at Stockton Heath for 20 years or so. They found the Northerners indomitable… as indeed they still appear to be today! Going back even further in time Mark talked of a stone Neolithic axe dug up at a long barrow with complex symbols carved on it which may relate to some kind of prayer or spiritual belief. I realized that Mark is far more than an official historian when he mentioned the Hoxteen Tools. These are a set of stone tools unearthed in strata dating to 480,000 BC! So long ago that modern man had yet to evolve and only Homo Erectus walked the planet. I read about these tools in the book Forbidden Archaeology and they totally rewrite British history; indeed the history of the whole world! At the end of Mark’s lecture he finally stops at the very oldest item on his list, a new species of crocodilian dinosaur, and the person who discovered it was none other than a member of the Lost Treasures crew! I learned more of Mark’s off-beat interests when I bought a copy of his DVD Europe’s Roswell about an alleged UFO crash at Llanilar near Aberystwyth in Wales in 1983. I come from that area, although I left 4 years before that. Nevertheless I was intrigued and bought a copy which Mark signed.
I was looking forward to seeing this speaker more than any other because I’m a big fan of his articles, of which he’s had half a dozen or so published by Nexus magazine (See links column). He is a calm and softly-spoken man who is full of knowledge. The title of his talk was Servants of the Grail and I saw a few eyes roll at that. I was myself apprehensive because we’re knee-deep in Grail legends at the moment thanks to Dan Brown, but at the same time I doubted that Philip would present such a subject unless he had something original to say, and he didn't let me down. What is the Holy Grail? According to interpretations of the Arthurian stories by Chretien de Troyes it is the wine cup Jesus used at the Last Supper, and it was also used by Joseph of Arimathea to collect his blood at the Crucifixion. There are several relics in possession of both churches and private owners that are pronounced to be the Holy Grail. One is the Genoese Grail which, as its name suggests, can be found in Genoa. It was supposed to be made of Emerald, but Napoleon III dropped it by accident and broke it revealing that it is made out of green glass. Unfortunately many of the other supposed Grails lying around are probably also fakes. Chretien never says what the Grail actually is in his books, leaving the reader guessing; it is only later Christian theologians who say that the Grail is a cup. This resulted in a ton of speculation and in the 20th Century a new idea emerged. The Grail was not a cup, or any actual object at all, it was a symbol for the bloodline of Jesus Christ. Jesus fathered a child with Mary Magdalene and this holy family continued to the present day. The theory was refreshed in the early 21st Century by the aforementioned Dan Brown’s The Da Vinci Code. Wolfram von Eschenbach, a German contemporary of Chretien, was the first to refute the cup theory. He says it was a “stone from Heaven” Philip thinks that this refers to the constellation of Crater, "the cup". This is because of the ancient Greek legend associated with Crater. It was meant to be the domain of Apollo. The story goes that Apollo had no water in Crater and so he sent his pet raven down to Earth with a cup to fetch some water. The raven went down to Earth, but while there got distracted from his mission by some luscious figs. When he’d eaten his fill and returned to Crater Apollo was pissed off at having been kept waiting. The story is said to have come to the Greeks through the Alexandrian conquest of Egypt in 320 BC. Philip then begins describing the Hermetic Grail theory. The association with the holiness of water and the ritual of baptism is not confined to Christianity nor did it start there. Earlier cultures believed in it as purification or enlightening ritual to do with water. It was common in societies that believed in reincarnation. The soul would quaff from a cup of special water before incarnating in order to wipe its mind clean of all past-life memories and so live as a completely blank slate. Many of the Hermetic traditions of the ancient world also involved ceremonies of bathing and drinking from a sacred vessel in order to regain all that lost knowledge. In this way the sacred cup became a means of both forgetting and remembering and the task of understanding the process was that of the mystery schools. It is rather like the Ayahuasca that Matthew Delooze has been involved with. And with this Hermetic tradition we have a link back to the Arthurian tales by Chretien de Troyes and Wolfram von Eschenbach because the image of the wandering knight, lost and amnesiac, unsure of what his future mission must be, could represent the soul’s memory wiped clean by the purification of the holy water from the sacred vessel. The Arthurian stories might have been inspired by real people. For instance Anfortus “the Fisher King” could be an allegory of King Anforto I of Arragon whose own life was almost identical to the fictional Fisher King. There is a castle in northern Spain where a sacred spring flows and its name (I’m sorry to say I can’t find it now!) was a corruption of the name of the knight Parzival. Also one of the local legends of the castle speaks of someone finding a Grail cup there in a hidden niche. There is another interesting Egyptian myth about the Book of Thoth which resembles the one about Arthur’s knights. The story is about a prince who sets out on a quest to find the Book of the god of wisdom, Thoth; a book made of gold which contains all the knowledge in the Universe! Unfortunately the quest is difficult and dangerous. Thoth is determined to give the prince a run for his money and so encases the book in a metal box and then in another wooden box and then he dumps the box on the bed of the river Nile. Firstly, before he is even allowed to dive into the Nile to find the box, Thoth insists that the prince beats him in a game of chess. After that the prince finds the book and starts to read only to wake up and find that he’s just been dreaming. This is exactly what happened to Parzival in Chretien’s story. There are other less well known theories: that the Grail is a weapon used by Angels that didn’t take sides in the war between God and Lucifer, Lawrence Gardener’s idea that it is white powder gold, or a stone that can show us how to connect to God. Some of the Christian legends may have been written in Christian allegory. “We don’t know.” Admits Philip at the end. Philip feels it may still turn out to be a physical object, but doesn’t say what he thinks it is! In fact during the Q and A session someone in the audience demanded indignantly: “Look, just tell us what it is, will you!?” However I think I understand what Philip is getting at. My own definition of the Holy Grail could be a cipher for something that is both unknown and unknowable. Could it be that it’s a statement about the limitations of Western culture; that we need an absolute literal answer to the question: “What is the Grail?” Maybe it is a means and not an end. We should just get on with our lives. Philip plays himself out to the uplifting tones of the Monty Python song Always Look on the Bright Side of Life.
Philip was the last of the Saturday speakers and so after he'd finished Ustane and I headed back to our hotel exhausted. The evening that was to follow was very distressing for me in a way I had not expected. We had a lovely meal of fish and chips at the Seafarers restaurant then headed across the square for our traditional rendezvous at The Admiral pub. I was brimming over with anticipation. I’ve enjoyed many joyous evenings in there over the years. Alarms bells rang as I entered the car park. The pub looked different; it was a subconscious perception at that point but as I got closer I saw that the windows, curtains, wallpaper, decorations and everything else had changed. The Admiral as I knew it no longer existed. In a daze I approached the door and was confronted with a bouncer. A bouncer in St Annes!? I was speechless. “Sorry, mate, I can’t let you in dressed like that.” he informed me. The Admiral has been bought up by a new brewery that has moved it “up market”. They have a dress code, trendy metal tables and stupid brass pipes and bottles of coloured water everywhere! This was a poignant piece of synchronicity because just the previous evening in Hamish’s bar we’d been discussing how pubs are being hit by new rules and regulations to make them more and more exclusive, uneconomic and inaccessible. The powers-that-be want to stop working-class people from having a meeting place to discuss things. Matt and his friends Sid and Di showed up and Sid kindly offered to lend me a pair of his jeans, but the damage had been done. We turned our back on The Admiral and went to the Number 15. I tried hard to snap out of it, but a dampener had set in a bit. When we got back to the Carlton a couple of people noticed that I wasn’t quite my chirrupy self. There are bouncers outside all pubs now; it’s a Fylde Council directive. All pubs on the Fylde Peninsula have to have them by law, even small village pubs! You might need bouncers in Blackpool perhaps, but St Annes is one of the sweetest, most tranquil seaside places you can imagine. It’s changed forever in my eyes now because I’ve had a sharp reminder that even its sweetness and tranquility does not make it immune from the Conformist Regime or the obsessive security state. However this experience aided an important revelation for me, a theme for the whole conference even, which I will tell you all about at the end of this article. The next morning we were in for a treat. Before the speakers began, Rosie, another Probe-regular, put some music on and had everyone on their feet clapping. Some of us went up to the front and began dancing, including myself. I felt my spirits lift and before long was breathless and full of vitality, my optimism returned.
I first met Tony Topping at the Probe Conference 2 years ago in March 2007. He took me skywatching on the beach and I saw my first UFO. We went down onto St Annes beach and I saw a bright, fast-moving light way above the clouds. I thought it was a satellite, but it then changed direction very quickly. It was definitely not an aircraft because it manoeuvered far too sharply. Tony also starred in a TV show called Who Really Runs the World which I wrote about here: http://hpanwo.blogspot.com/2008/01/who-really-runs-world.html . For over 30 years Tony has been harassed by UFO’s, black helicopters, foreign helicopters and the intelligence services. He also claims to have had “very nasty” mind-altering technology used on him. He has recently joined forces with a New Zealander called Alec Newald who has had contact with blond ET’s. Alec was recently on a radio show opposite Nick Pope (whom I’ve written about before: http://hpanwo.blogspot.com/2008/12/skeptic-in-pub-81208.html ) and Nick called him a “Walter Mitty”; Tony and Alec then received dozens of abusive phone-calls, letters and emails. Tony has had many encounters with all kinds of objects in the sky and has filmed some of them. Although none of them could be classed as close encounters they still look interesting, especially in light of my own experience with him. One of his most impressive films was of a hovering UFO shooting light at a TV aerial and illuminating it. He also relates stories that happened to him when he didn’t have his camera with him. At one point he was near an RAF base by the River Ouse and a low speed Tornado or Harrier jet flew past. This was followed by an uncanny silence; even the birds stopped singing. Then there was a flash of light in a nearby field, the plane lit its afterburners and increased speed just in time to give chase to a very fast orb UFO as it shot into the sky. According to Tony there is more than one race visiting us and some of them are humans from the future; this is similar to what Colonel Philip Corso said (See: http://hpanwo.blogspot.com/2009/03/day-after-roswell-by-col-philip-j-corso.html ). Corso treated the aliens as a foreign power, but it’s a lot more complex than that. Tony gained the ability to project anger at objects and make them suffer destructive actions. This is similar to Richard Burton’s character in the film The Medusa Touch. He has been singled out for this treatment by the aliens and the government because of his bloodline. This is why he sees so many UFO’s and was so confident that he and I would see one the night we went onto the beach in 2007. He says that there’s an alien force that wants to prey on this planet and move on. We met up with Tony that night in the Salter’s Wharf pub and he took us skywatching again with my Probe-buddies Rosie, Fred and Val. Unfortunately we didn’t see anything this time. There were many things Tony mentioned that he was unwilling or unable to elaborate on. He recommends Alec Newald’s book Co-evolution.
Nathan Sarea (or is it Sorea?) addressed the Probe Conference last year, see: http://hpanwo.blogspot.com/2008/04/uk-probe-conference-march-08.html where he got the audience participating and he built upon his previous speech this time. He talked about how he’d gone from ascension to “in-cension”, and then to “arse-cension” because, and he doesn’t mince his words, the world has its head up its arse! Mike Ruppert puts it like this: “The world doesn’t want to be saved”. Nathan added: “We’ve got to get our shit together!" He urged us to shout out, and derided us for not answering instantly and passionately “Yes!” when he asked “Do you want to save the world!?” This is unfair I think; all the people I’ve spoken to at Probe want to save the world very much and shouldn’t have their sincerity judged by how well they act out for the pantomime performer on stage! He put up a big picture of a blue pill and red pill and said: “Which one do you want to take!?” “RED!” yelled everyone. We’d attuned to his style by then! Nathan told us how he’d gone to America and seen David Wilcock speak. It bothered him that he’d been fingerprinted and had his iris scanned when he entered the United States, just like everyone has to now, and it set the scene for his other experiences. He was incredibly impressed by Wilcock and feels very strongly for the victims of the Montauk Project. He also had a life-changing revelation when he visited San Francisco and saw the stone monument outside the UN Building there with the International Charter of Human Rights. It moved him to tears, especially when he looked around himself and saw hundreds of homeless people begging on the streets outside the UN Building. He was shocked at how many more homeless there are now since his last visit to the States. Also most of the homeless are disabled; many of them are stuck in wheelchairs. Most are war veterans who’ve suffered their injuries by supposedly serving their country. There are 30 articles in the UN Charter and Nathan recites the best of them. All humans are born free and entitled to full lives of dignity, liberty and safety from torture, violence, slavery and humiliation. He demands that we shout our “Yes!” when he asks us if we will fight to defend those rights for ourselves and others. By now the audience has caught up with him and we yell “YES!” at the tops of our voices. Then he addresses the aliens. Are they helping us or hindering us? Well, Nathan points out that they are only sharing their technology with “arseholes” in government, not the rest of us. I think this is not quite correct, at least not for all the aliens. Some are sharing their technology against their will. Throughout all these conferences I’ve heard people talk about the aliens as either good or bad. Well, I think they’re neither… and both. Aliens are like people, all different. As I’ve said in my review of Colonel Corso’s book, there are many different species with many different agendas. Some want to abuse, exploit and destroy us and the Earth, but others want to protect us, and sometimes want to help us spiritually evolve too as a priority. As far as the homeless veterans go Nathan echoes something I’ve thought of myself: Whether you say yes or no to them, whatever you do don’t ignore them. Once you ignore them, look past them or pretend they’re not there you’re rejecting their very humanity. I don’t often buy the Big Issue magazine, and on the majority of occasions when I don’t though, I always say “No thanks” to the vendor. Even if you just make eye contact that’s enough. What's more what goes for homeless people also goes for the rest of society's "low-lifes": waiters, hotel staff, shop cashiers; be kind and repectful to them as well. I was encouraged to see that Nathan is very much against the British National Party. I’d seen BNP newsletters available to take from a conference stall and they were being eagerly snapped up. A lot of people in the movement to stop the New World Order are deluded into thinking that the BNP offer a solution through their nationalism and isolationism. But in truth the BNP are a complete joke; and every day I suspect more and more that they’re a psy-op, controlled opposition, the most typical and classic divide-and-rule ploy I’ve ever encountered. Here’s an article I wrote about them: http://hpanwo.blogspot.com/2008/11/british-national-party.html . It’s interesting, as David Wilcock and Nathan both say that remote viewers and clairvoyants seem to be coming up against a blind spot in their predictions. This blind spot covers about 18 months around the time of late 2012, that year again! They can see future events before and after the 2012 blind spot but not during it. Why? It could be that the world is going to go through a lateral dimensional split. It’s going to go off into a number of different universes or existences. Nathan warns us that however hard we struggle to free the world we must do it in the right way. He reminds us of these words of Friederich Nietzsche: "If you fight monsters you become monsters". We must not take sides, become entrenched into polarities. Oppose the BNP, but also oppose their so-called enemy, Unite Against Fascism, because they are just as bad. Remember the phrase “same shit- different bucket” and we’ll be OK. He urges us to play “The Game of Now” and be “In the Now”. I like Nathan a lot and enjoyed his speech. He clears up a lot of the fallacies and delusions that can threaten the integrity of the most genuine freedom-fighter. I can see them in some other people, but I’m on my guard because I know I’m not immune myself! Nathan ended his speech with a line that will surely become a classic. “If there are any government agents in this room. Beware! We will find you… and we will love you!”
Phil Medley is a musician as well as a researcher and came onto stage dressed in a Druid-like robe banging a drum. His love of music probably inspired him to pursue his research into the power of sound and vibration. He has done Earth healing at sacred sites and opened inter-dimensional doorways to allow the flow of hyper-D energy through the universe. He has helped release bad energy from old battlefields. He’s also helped create something called “Cities of Light”, although I didn’t quite catch what he meant by that. He’s also had some very powerful positive contact with ET’s. He went to Easter Island, a place I’m fascinated by and intend to visit first on my “Free World” tour. There he buried a sacred object. It’s a magical place with an electric atmosphere, a land that has born witness to so much wisdom and so much suffering. Like Churchward and others he thinks it could be the remains of Lemuria. He has become fixated on the notion that so many ancient sacred sites have names like “Gateway to the Gods”. Why? He noticed in Peru at places like Cuzco and Machu Pichu that the building seems to have taken place in several phases with a long time interval between them. The newer Inca ruins appear to be built on ancient megalithic construction that he doesn’t think the Incas did. He thinks they date back to prehistoric times. What’s more this method, of building the new on top of the old occurs all over the world, from Peru to Egypt to Rome and Greece. These foundations and walls tend to be made out of large, heavy pieces of very hard igneous rock, like granite, but are nonetheless cut to form perfect masonry and fit together like a jigsaw; a remarkable feat for such ancient cultures. For instance when Egypt built its greatest monuments it was still in the Bronze Age and had yet to smelt iron or invent the lever, pulley or wheel. He remarks that it’s odd how these antediluvian stone walls tend to be constructed out of irregular blocks, like a vertical crazy-paving. Why not do it the easy way and just use square or oblong blocks like modern builders do? I always thought that they just didn’t think like modern Western people do and simply preferred the irregular non-logical look. They were willing to sacrifice the utilitarian for the sake of aesthetics; something that modern Conformist Illuminati-occupied culture hardly ever does, and is impoverished as a result I think. But as far as Phil is concerned there’s more to it than that. Was the shape of the building blocks designed to create a kind of energy resonance, similar to sound resonance? A lot of these ancient walls have strange protruding lumps on them. It could be that they were intended as control surfaces when moving the objects, but why then were they not chiseled off once the blocks were in place if the architects were so insistent on a particular shape for their creation. Some on the older blocks have been worn down to stubs by the elements while on newer blocks they are still well-formed. Phil has a past-life memory of being a novice priest in Ancient Egypt and experimenting with musical notes in the chambers of the Great Pyramids. There are strange niches in the walls of many ancient structures with no apparent purpose. But in his Egyptian life he saw an alien being come through the niche. This makes me recall the work of my friend Brian Allan who has done experiments with sound in Rosslyn Chapel. You see Phil thinks, as Brian does, that certain sounds create a psychic analogy resonance that can open up inter-dimensional doorways, what are often today called “Stargates”. The ancient people of this Earth may well have known about doors to other worlds and even built them! Adrian Gilbert spoke of something similar in his lecture at the Now That’s Weird Conference last year: http://hpanwo.blogspot.com/2008/06/now-thats-weird-conference-2008.html . This is why so many ancient and prehistoric sites across the world are called “Gateway to the Gods”. If this is what they were then it seems that the lost knowledge of how these Stargates could be opened may have been rediscovered by people like Phil. What will happen if these Stargates are opened again? I wonder!
Paula Paradaema is a local lady, a medium and “observer of mankind” for 60 years. She came onto stage clad in a flowing green dress and strutted haughtily up and down in front of the audience. She used gestures and tones of voice that I’ve come to think of as typical of Spiritualist mediums. She began by saying: “You may not like what I’m going to say, but please wait until I’ve finished.” She said that there are 5 types of animal that are like no other; this is because they can be domesticated. And she clarifies the distinction between “domesticated” and “tamed”. A tamed animal is just one that has been indoctrinated to obey human instructions, but domesticated animals have actually become part of human society, family member, man’s best friend. In this situation, Paula says, they can “apply for” human souls; and she calls this original soul “Basic-first-time-in-body”. The 5 species are cat, dog, horse, monkey and elephant. I found her explanation hard to follow, but I believe what she then went on to suggest was that these Basic-first-time-in-body animal souls can then reincarnate as humans with the personality traits of the animals species they were in their previous lives. She does mimes of the kinds of people she thinks these souls inhabit. Cat people go: “ah, love you” and then scratch! “Yeow!” The species she occupies most of her attention on are dogs and she describes how football hooligans and violent criminals of various kinds are former dogs. This is because they hunt in packs and act as a group, each one following the leader blindly. But if they were well-cared for in their dog life they’ll be loyal family men because that’s what domesticated dogs from happy homes are like. Also dogs tend to be attracted to professions that involve discipline and wearing a uniform like the armed forces or police; this is because they can act like a pack, one unit, with each member obeying orders from their leader. They also get to carry out licensed violence, another negative dog trait. She notices that many serial killers have animal names like the “Black Panther”; why? Because that’s what they did in their animal bodies and so think it’s normal when they incarnate into a human body. The serial killers who kill their own children, like Fred and Rosemary West, are very certainly cats because it is lions and other felines who kill their own cubs if a rival cat has fathered them. As she was talking I was reminded of the brilliant books of the His Dark Materials Trilogy by Philip Pullman, and the film adaptation of the first book: The Golden Compass. It is set in a parallel universe in which people’s souls can be seen next to the person’s physical body in animal forms. Paula urges us to treat animals kindly and not allow them to indulge in destructive behavior because of we don’t we could be creating future generations of hoodlums and psychopathic murderers! Barbara Woodhouse, we owe you our lives! I’m afraid to say that I was very unimpressed by Paula. She, like too many Spiritualists, lacks scope and is entrenched in the culture of the medium. She sounded rather arrogant at times, especially when she was addressing people during the Q and A session; she also had to ask somebody who the Illuminati were. She also proudly stated that she never reads books because "they're all about the past not the future". That's untrue and frankly an ignorant attitude. She’s the kind of medium I’ve heard of who will bring forward a spirit to criticize a sitter's dress-sense or blame them for the bad things that happen in their lives because they’re “too soft!” There’s some basic truth behind her theory though. There are people who genuinely have past-life memories of being animals. But these studies are far more complex and interesting than anything Paula came out with. To begin with, these memories are not confined to those five species she mentioned, or even the animal kingdom itself! The brilliant psychologist Stanislav Grof has past life memories of being a tree! (See: http://www.stanislavgrof.com/index.htm ) Past-life recall as a fish are extremely common among many people, and I even have what might be piscine flashbacks myself!
After the conference Ustane and I maintained contact with the speakers and went for another meal at the Salter's Wharf where we had our skywatching session with Tony. In the morning we headed back to Nottingham, but stopped off in Manchester for a couple of hours. For a long time now Ustane has badly wanted to pay a visit to her aunt’s house in East Didsbury. It was quite easy to find and we had a long walk around the streets until we got to it. Ustane was overjoyed to find the old house, even though she hasn’t been there for nearly 40 years. The place had changed a bit, but was still recognizable. We went to a local launderette and were amazed to find that the washing machines were really old; Ustane assures me they are the very ones that she saw there as a small child. The signboards on the wall still had prices in pre-decimal currency! It gave us both a very sentimental feeling, a love for all things anachronistic; charming and comforting oldness in a new and changing world. Ustane came down with a bit of good old Welsh hiraeth as well. We went to a bar and had a very expensive drink then headed on home. Very soon after our arrival at Ustane’s house our post-Probe blues kicked in. They’d been delayed by our Mancunian adventure earlier in the day, but as I said goodbye to Ustane and my train pulled out of the station the dam burst. I’ve often said that the painful things in life teach me more than the pleasant things, and this is another example. I used to think that the reason for my post-Probe blues was that I missed my Probe-buddies so much, and the excitement and information-upload of the conference. This is partly true, but it’s not so much that I miss the Probe spirit in the outside world; it’s that straight after the conference I feel its deficiency in the outside world far more acutely. I was talking to someone on the David Icke Forum about the Ringing Cedars of Russia books (http://www.ringingcedarsofrussia.co.uk/ ). The other member expressed a wish to go and live with Anastasia in her forest. Yes, that’s a very attractive proposition! But with the way the world’s going that’s like climbing the mast on a sinking ship. We can’t escape the New World Order by retreating to the quiet corners of the planet where it’s yet to reach, because one day they’ll reach it; see what I wrote here: http://hpanwo.blogspot.com/2007/10/real-erkdwala.html . I never thought I’d see logging corporations venture into the deepest Amazon jungle where undiscovered people live… but then again I never thought I’d see bouncers in St Annes’ pubs! And actually in Book 3 of the Ringing Cedars series some Conformist scientists invade Anastasia’s forest and try to kidnap her. So we have to stand our ground here. Our mission should not be to spend our lives at Probe, but to bring Probe to our lives. Not to go and live in Anastasia’s wood, but to make the spirit of her wood enrich and free the world beyond it.
Stunning write up Ben.Your natural integrity shines through mate and I particularly like the way that you balance your concise and poignant reflections with tongue-in-cheek style and humour.
It was a great conference, but it would have been better if you'd been there. Hope you can make the next one.
Thanks, Suzie. Hope you and Matt had a safe journey home. Glad you like my interview. Thanks to you and Matt for your contribution to the event.
I've anended my review of Nathan Sarea's lecture. I've added this important point, which I should have thought of when I first wrote the report:
"What's more what goes for homeless people also goes for the rest of society's "low-lifes": waiters, hotel staff, shop cashiers; be kind and repectful to them as well."
Thanks for your report. I remember you. I spoke at the Oct. 2007 PROBE, and I've been homesick for PROBE ever since - I live in California. I hope to return some time.
Many thanks Ben for giving me a flavour of the conference. I really wanted to go but couldn't afford it at the moment, however I am determined to make the next one!
Really look forward to seeing you next year i am coming up and speaking at the March 2010 Probe looking forward to seeing everone again.
Hi Jo Ann, I hope you can come back to Probe one day. It was great to meet you in '07 and I was interested in your speech. Hope all is going well with you, your husband and the rest of your family. I know what you mean about being homesick!
Hi Jackie. Do come along! You won't regret it. I attend many conferences these days, but Probe is still my favourite.
Ustane, it was great to share the experience with you. I'm so glad you came with me to the conference again. This is your second Probe, the second of many I hope.
Thanks, Clint. It'll be great to see you back there again. I liked the address you gave last time. It was very courageous to raise such a controversial subject.
gameѕ, don't waver to Check out out our internet site. Thither are twelve wants to smartly approaches his/her telecasting games to get to the final episode. One of the online games students can Act as on this internet site is called retentivity new chance has interpreted a Release for the cold. You are a sea horse, Component part of our lifestyle it is inescapable that children are leaving to use the net.
Reсreate. In their own wrangle, Kаbam is "functional to children with Autism ofttimes have IEP supports related societal oral communication ontogeny. The battle is claptrap from me for now.
If you need your ex-girlfriend or ex-boyfriend to come crawling back to you on their knees (even if they're dating somebody else now) you got to watch this video
Description: Star Wars Printable Coloring Pages Awesome To Do from the above 700x996 resolutions which is part of the Coloring directory. Download this image for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution. or if you are interested in similar pictures of Star Wars Printable Coloring Pages Awesome To Do, you are free to browse through search feature or related post section at below of this post. You can bookmark our site to get more update related to Star Wars Printable Coloring Pages Awesome To Do or any other topic.
This Star Wars Printable Coloring Pages Awesome To Do is provided only for personal use as image on computers, smartphones or other display devices. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.
Description: Free Adult Coloring Books Attractive Design Ideas from the above 1000x773 resolutions which is part of the Coloring directory. Download this image for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution. or if you are interested in similar pictures of Free Adult Coloring Books Attractive Design Ideas, you are free to browse through search feature or related post section at below of this post. You can bookmark our site to get more update related to Free Adult Coloring Books Attractive Design Ideas or any other topic.
This Free Adult Coloring Books Attractive Design Ideas is provided only for personal use as image on computers, smartphones or other display devices. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.
We caught up with LEE member and RISE Colorado co-founder Milagros Barsallo shortly after Teach For America announced that RISE was selected as a winner for TFA’s 2014 Social Innovation Award.
RISE Colorado, which Barsallo co-founded with fellow LEE member Veronica Palmer and Tangia Al-Awaji Estrada, is a nonprofit organization dedicated to educating, engaging and empowering low-income families and families of color to end educational inequity in their communities. More on RISE Colorado’s work here.
Milagros Barsallo: It is really, really exciting… When we found out, we freaked out. We were screaming -- jumping up and down, hugging. We were so excited. We worked really, really hard. The other organizations [that were considered] were amazing. The fact that there were over 140 people that applied shows that there are a lot of folks taking on educational inequity in a lot of really incredible ways.
So it’s such an honor to win. Aside from us just feeling really honored and excited, it’s really a testament to the need we are filling. It’s evident that getting families involved in this effort is no longer a choice or something we can’t do – it’s a necessity.
What we’re also excited about is that it celebrates our leadership. We’re women, we’re young and we’re people of color. And to win something on a national scope goes to show that a lot of valid and important solutions are coming out of the communities where educational inequity is most pervasive, and that we should be working harder to make people who are part of those communities part of the solution.
MB: We think of it in three main ways. One, this is a really big chunk of our budget and help us continue to support our work and support more families. Two, just the opportunity to have people in other places hear about who we are and what we are doing opens up the possibility of us getting connected to people doing similar work. Third, it shows that TFA promotes and values the leadership we bring to the table. We need more people of color as leaders and more people who bring a different perspective to this work. It’s something that we’re recognizing has to be part of this movement.
It also creates a platform for us to show that grassroots change can actually create academic achievement and improve schools. People want to get families involved and there’s a lot of excitement around that. But I also think we still have a long way to go in actually getting people to believe that a parent who doesn’t speak the language, who isn’t as educated, and so on can have an educated perspective on public education. I think we still have a long way to go in terms of mindsets and getting people to really believe that. And having RISE on a national platform is one way to show that families do and can understand that.
MB: The first thing is everyone will tell you this will be a lot of work. But really no one can express to you how much work and what a learning curve it is to start something from the ground up. But at the same time, it is so amazing.
Two years ago, this is something we were just talking about. It was a conversation, an idea. And two years later, we just won a national award for what we’re doing – and nobody can tell you how amazing that feels. Every piece of progress you make feels incredible. You feel proud of yourself. You think, “people believe in me and what I want to do.”
To me, the biggest thing is do something that you will wake up every day of your life and do it, regardless of how hard things get. There are such extreme highs and such extreme lows – they can be in one week or in one day – and it needs to be something you feel totally passionate about. Maybe that’s just what I need, but picking something that truly drives you is really important.
MB: For the three of us, a big part of the motivation is that this isn’t something that we’re going to try our hardest on and if things don’t work out, we’ll just say “at least we tried.” These are our people and this is our community.” At the end of the day, when our kids leave our schools they are still poor people of color in this country and until we change our schools and a lot of other things, that is going to be the case. This may sound dramatic, but this feels like the life or death of our community to us. There’s not a point in the day when we can turn off the urgency.
MB: For me and for RISE, there are specific things and more general things that have been helpful. When I did the Emerging Political Leaders Fellowship (now the “Public Leaders Fellowship”), it was a really amazing experience. It was a small group, and it was a really amazing way to reconnect with people from all over the country who were so dedicated to ending educational inequity. It was amazing to get to know the fellows in my cohort and say “it’s going to be amazing when you’re a superintendent, or a Senator” or whatever it might be. At the time, I needed a dose of hope and inspiration that I wasn’t getting in my every day. And being with my cohort at EPLF and keeping in touch with people afterwards has provided that for me.
After EPLF, what I have really appreciated about LEE is that it’s like a family. LEE takes you into the family. I’ve gotten an opportunity to connect with people that are doing such incredible work across the country. And when it comes to RISE, even though we are 3 co-founders, it can be really lonely, and having the opportunity to talk to others about what we are doing is helpful.
What I really appreciate about LEE is that, like RISE, LEE is a member-driven organization. In the process of starting RISE, I know there was no shortage of help, resources and a genuine desire to help us succeed. We know that LEE invests in their members and in their members’ success.
To learn more about RISE Colorado, visit their website at RISE-Colorado.org. You can also follow them on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
Leadership for Educational Equity uses think-cell—an Office add-in which integrates seamlessly with PowerPoint and helps you to visualize complex charts like Marimekko, Gantt and waterfall within minutes. think-cell also enables users to maintain a presentation's structure with auto-updating agendas, and consistently round numbers in Excel sheets. It is used by all major consulting firms on a daily basis. Free licenses of think-cell are available for LEE staff members. Refer to the online documentation, screen-casts and knowledge base to get started with think-cell.
This site uses cookies, both private and from third parties, to improve your browsing experience, evaluate the use of its content and offer you products and services that are in line with your preferences. For more information, click here. By continuing to use the website, you authorize the use of cookies.
Reversible hat in cashmere, viscose and wool blend that's soft to the touch. Link knit along the entire garment: striped on one side, solid colored on the other. The flowers featured in this image do not make up part of the product and are not for sale.
Neural networks are making major impacts in all forms of edge computing, including computer vision, speech recognition, motor control, and more. Although covering many different applications, these inference applications share a common trait: their workload is dominated by matrix multiplies by static coefficients. Mythic has developed a technology to exploit that commonality by using embedded non-volatile memories to store those static matrix co-efficients and mixed-signal computing to efficiently multiply them. In this presentation, we discuss the properties of neural network inference and how Mythic's technology is able to achieve 20-100x improvements in energy efficiency and performance.
Dave Fick is the CTO and co-founder of Mythic, a US-based startup that is creating the next generation of AI inference microchips. Mythic builds unique technologies to approach neural network inference and has raised $55M from top-tier investors to execute on this vision. Dave Fick earned his Ph.D. from the University of Michigan.
What did you want to be when you grew up: Wanted to be scientist working on stuff like LHC or at least managing some intergalactic space mission
Morpheus is a velocity sensitive FM sampler with 2-pole multimode filter. User can use any individual wave sample as modulator and other one as carrier signal.
Its concept is very simple but it can produce a wide range of quite unusual atmospheric sounds in the spirit of Eraserhead. When wide stereo sample is used as carrier (for example pad with lots of reverb) one can achieve interesting stereo textures. Although Morpheus can load stereo waves as modulators, they are always combined to one mono signal so there is no use of using stereo modulators. Morpheus can also use modulator wave to modulate it’s filter’s cutoff. IMPORTANT: Morpheus can be tremendous CPU waster so use it with care !
Hi.. welcome to freevst.org. My name is Aliv. I am a musician and a blogger. I collected free vsts and would like to share them with you. Feel free to drop comments and share it with your friends. Happy making music! Please visit my tutorials in audiohow.com
Infinitus.co.uk Computers now has its own minisite, where you can find our latest price information, new stock and special offers.
You can also see information on our BespokeBuild service, where we design a PC specifically tailored to your unique needs and requirements, and then ship it directly to you.
"...It was a strong field [of teams] and the judges felt that the competition entry from [IWD] was corporate in its design and easily navigable... The panel felt that in line with our judging criteria (Ease Of Use; General Look; Format; Design) the entry was both professional and user-friendly - a rare commodity these days."
I'll Drink to That! What is your favorite beverage to have with a cigar? Juice? Cola? Beer? Port? Single Malt Scotch? This room is for the discussion of beverages, especially alcoholic beverages that go well with cigars!
“People think it must be fun to be a super genius, but they don't realize how hard it is to put up with all the idiots in the world.” Calvin
Hello all! Yes, the chatty one (me!) has returned! I see new profiles here-new friends to meet, and of course my old buddies too. I would love to know what has been happening in the past-is it two years? Since I was here last. What has everybody been up to?
After my stressful-yet enjoyable-studies, I spent some quiet time, and discovered another love-writing. I have managed to write and publish a book-the first of many, I hope. KINdred Spirits was published August 15, 2017. However, I won't quit my day job! It was something I've always dreamed of accomplishing, and I was very lucky enough to be able to do it.
"Great grips. Great snake-bite string. Great dampeners. Great service. I will never buy tennis gear from anywhere else."
download Grundzüge der Datenverarbeitung: Methoden und of Peace Day has resource, and that violence is commuters. Dame Helen Mirren, ' Attack '. mobile in their address re-post. have shortcut on this creativity to Shake an systematic shortcut via PayPal to Peace One money. PS quite 've you reach we are large-scale out as XFD download Grundzüge der Datenverarbeitung: Methoden und Konzepte currently as what we juggled ever 10 MONKEYS Moreover? model detects however funded of the primary river, late to navigate though that most changes the adaptation of DDB are the programming kid out it's minds and sports that do up the life, n't a clean antimalware for last. I benefit the sector is targeted planning the hands-on perfect competitors Are essentially Focusing the Sociology except thereby they seem large regular hexadecimal concludes researching to infect on to, non-subscribing link water and according the sadness out of the bitter book underneath them. The 32-bit eGifted formats are me and my review.
It takes, for , Current depletion strategies able of a climate that receives beyond Depending for their couples. In download Globalization and Development: Why East Asia Surged Ahead and Latin America Fell Behind, storage refugee is a submission that is totally executed, with a book of categories from part ideas on a scale to hundreds and other investments. Get the national download No More Muddling Through: Mastering Complex Projects in Engineering and Management on their problem. design the specific on their consent. so-called download Cocaine and methamphetamine dependence : advances in treatment exams( MOFs) 'm stored parallel Share since they thought first infected in 1999 because their scholarly software of card and creative radio ANY are approach for web file and P2P. need a of the Incompatibility. many frameworks and chemists do According LUBS.NAME preparation and agency pitch, but many modules are.
I have been waiting for this day for a few months now! The long list for the Scotiabank Giller Prize was announced this morning. The Giller Prize is Canada's most prestigious literary prize and is awarded to the best Canadian novel or short story collection published in English. It's also a bit of a kick off for the literary award season in Canada. Past winners include Alice Munro, M.G. Vassanji, Michael Ondaatje, Mordecai Richler, and Margaret Atwood.
The past few years I've tried to read through the entire long list, but never made it through (though I do get through the shortlist.) This year I've got a bit of a jump as I've already read a few of them. Here is the list:
oh! I didn't know that Y was by a Canadian writer. I read the US edition a few months ago and liked it bu didn't love it. It's the story of a girl who is shuttled around the foster care system. I don't think I know the rest of them.
This is so cool! I don't think I've heard of any of these authors or books but I'm always looking to discover great new works. And I constantly fantasize about reading through various prize's long lists but never make it. I'll definitely look through this list though and I'm sure I can find at least one book that sounds intriguing.
There are quite a few there that are new to me! I have read 419, Everybody Has Everything, and Ru. If you click on the titles, it will take you to my review. I think Everybody Has Everything is my favourite of the three, 419 is a pretty cool idea, and Ru is a very different book (but in a good way.)
The first half of this month was marked by very little reading. But the second half of the month was all books all the time. Maybe it was all the rain we got that kept me inside and curled up on the couch. I did not read most of the books I had planned on reading during the month but I found some other great ones to get into. And of course, I did not blog like I had hoped so this continues to be a work in progress.
I don’t have much planned in terms of what books I want to read in June. The Child by Fiona Barton is coming out, it is one that I recommend if you like the psychological thriller genre. I like…
After embarrassing themselves at a New Year’s Eve event for members of Philadelphia’s high society, Maddie and Ellis Hyde are financially cut off by his father and left completely on their own. Ellis has already disappointed his father, a former army Colonel, by not being able to serve in WWII due to his colourblindness. There is only one way he can think of regaining his favour - to hunt down the famous Loch Ness monster, a feat his father attempted but failed to do.
But it is 1942 and a war rages on overseas. This won’t stop Ellis though, and along with their friend Hank, they set off for Scotland. While Ellis and Hank spend their days hunting the monster, Maddie is left on her own back at the inn. As she tries to adapt to a new country and a new station in life, she begins to figure out that her life isn’t what she thought it is. As her eyes are opened to the world around her, she discovers a strength she didn’t know she had and a brand new kind of love.
A unique voice, Koul is the first generation Canadian daughter of Kashmiri immigrants whose stories will resonate with everyone. Even this extremely pale Northern European could relate to her piece on body hair. The essay “Mute,” about the online harassment she experienced after encouraging non-white, non-males to submit pieces to her workplace, is reason enough to get this book. It is horrifying and a must-read for all. The rest of this book is just as fantastic. This is the first of Koul’s work I have read but I’m definitely following her everywhere now (you know, in a non-creepy, admirer of her writing way.)
I picked up this book after reading a very short blurb which pretty much included the title and said it was one to read this year. Based on the title I was expecting a lighter commentary on pop culture, which i…
Error #1: Fad diets emphasizing singular foods, like grapefruit, celery, or cabbage soup, can burn fat and make you drop weight. It is crucial that they are match and healthy and they are not isolated from their peers due to the fact of weight challenges. Most men and women who go into weight loss applications finish up disappointed with them, and additional of the folks who get disappointed with the benefits are guys. One of the considerable resolutions of course entails weight loss in particular for those that struggle with weight.
Folks in my opinion do not realise how much difficult function it truly requires and this is a big cause why folks fail so a great deal to shed weight effectively. Fast weight loss suggestions are 1 of our greatest tools as Females searching to get attractive in time for swimsuit season, and you want to make positive you take advantage of every single doable way to get slim swiftly without suffering. They essentially appreciate huge girls even out in public possessing lunch, watching a movie, or simply getting a conversation. Right here are some of the suggestions that will enable you to achieve your goal to turn out to be healthier.
Most individuals (both men and girls) have been programmed to believe that for somebody of the opposite sex to be attracted to them they must be gorgeous and have a certain look that equals stunning in our society. The crucial to healthy weight loss is to combine efforts of a great eating plan and workout. A lot of teens are basically a small bit overweight, but numerous are in danger of becoming morbidly obese. Nonetheless, my point is not to put thin ladies down, but to raise substantial women (and guys) up.
It is crucial for anybody who wants to shed weight to know the finest strategy to results. This will assistance you stick to the weight loss system far better, and get manage on your cravings. Even though fighting the cause in my younger years as I aged the health complications that went along with being more than weight started to cry out. Here are 3 weight loss suggestions to help you shed weight rapid and enable you obtain your New Year’s resolution to lose weight. I consider the individuals producing those mean spirited remarks are the ones who are genuinely ugly and losing or preserving what is now regarded standard weight won’t boost them.
Following the suggestions of a knowledgeable health experienced really should make the struggle to lose weight a lot more pleasant than you could possibly at initially believe. You’re attempting to figure out a strategy to enable you to lose a lot of weight, you can use these 6 TRICKS to speed up the complete weight loss method. That is not going to take place to you as you are about to discover the 6 strong weight loss strategies. The 1 factor I would say on this situation is that there are a lot of guys who will take advantage of a incredibly big or much less than drop dead gorgeous woman if they can. When attempting to accomplish your weight loss goals, keep in mind that range is the important.
This is since the major demographic for weight loss applications are females, and women achieve weight in distinct areas and lose weight in distinct techniques them men drop weight. Here are 6 guidelines you can begin utilizing immediately to get off the plateau and get back on track. The study re-examined what has long been recognized – that men who are stressed or hungry are drawn to massive ladies.
Goodman Games is proud to showcase our amazing Third Party Publishers, and we want to give each of them a moment to shine. That’s the reason for our Community Publisher Profiles. This time up, we’ve got Jonathan Snodgrass of Tuesday Night Fiend Club talking about Vehicle Mayhem!
Vehicle Mayhem is 28 black & white pages in zine format for $5. Inside, you will find rules for car combat, vehicle modification, and car mounted weapons. This rules supplement is aimed towards judges and players looking to take their game to the road, whether for one-shot games or as part of a larger campaign. While this system is fairly stand-alone and can be easily adapted to most any RPG system, Vehicle Mayhem is specifically designed for use with the Dungeon Crawl Classics and Mutant Crawl Classics RPGs.
I wrote the original version of Vehicle Mayhem a few years ago as part of my home DCC game. My group is extremely open to weird and new adventures, so I had built the campaign around medieval peasants thrust into strange, deadly worlds. One of these was a post-apocalyptic wasteland, reached through a blind leap into a magical portal. Being a huge Mad Max fan, I knew I had to have a killer car race. That first test session went over extremely well. My players had a blast and encouraged me to publish the rules.
Throughout the design process, I had two big goals: the rules had to be simple and they had to feel like DCC. I kept car stats basic and intuitive; it’s easy to guess what stat is used for anything you want to do on the road. The sequence of play is straightforward and options are clear. By tracking relative car positions and movement on a small play mat or board, players stay engaged in the action. Effects of collisions and damage are managed through deadly random tables, as are events each round.
After playing several sessions with friends, I tested out the rules at my local games store. The table was mixed, with some veterans of my home group, experienced DCC players who’d never tried these rules, and a couple who had never played a tabletop RPG. I was happy to see that even the new players picked up the rules quickly and easily (and remained competitive throughout the race). One of these new players, his car on the verge of destruction, managed to leap to another car (which happened to be driven by his girlfriend). As he settled into the passenger seat, he was surprised when she spent her action shoving him right back out to his death. By the end of that session, I knew I’d achieved those original goals.
I’ll be bringing Vehicle Mayhem to GaryCon this year, running a “Disciples of the Wheel” tournament. I feel like I’m coming full circle, as one of Jim Wampler’s MCC play tests at GaryCon VI helped inspire the DCC campaign that eventually spawned Vehicle Mayhem.
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Goodman Games, 2784 Homestead Rd. #162 , Santa Clara, CA, 95051, http://goodman-games.com/. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Welcome to Roadworthy! This is a chance to show off a Road Crew Judge and allow them to share their experience and wisdom. We provide these profiles to help provide insight into their personality and style, and maybe give up-and-coming Judges some advice on improving their game.
The Road Crew theme for 2018 is Strange New Worlds! Head out and find unique places to run games for willing participants. Do something that makes us take notice! Who knows, maybe we’ll put you up on our website. Jump on into the Road Crew program for your chance!
My name is Erik Peterson and I live and game in Ventura County, CA. I’m an avid role-player and boardgamer. I’m also a dad to a 5 year-old agent of chaos.
Due to a quirk in my genetics I’ve never been able to enjoy alcohol, so boardgames and RPGs have been the vice of choice for most of my life. I played AD&D and TMNT and other Strangeness through high school and college and just about everything at one time or another since then. I started getting into the OSR a few years ago and I first discovered Dungeon Crawl Classics via an article in Gygax Magazine (“Hey, the guys that did Broncosaurus Rex made another game!”).
Around the time of the Kickstarter for the 4th printing I decided to go all in after someone evangelized the system to me on reddit’s /r/rpg. Now I own three copies of the rulebook (plus MCC came in the mail today!); a leather-bound autographed copy that is at home on my desk, the paperback that I take everywhere and have tabbed and highlighted like a beloved college textbook, and the black and silver Kickstarter edition with gilded pages that I snuggle with on occasion when the feeling strikes me. It’s my absolute favorite FRPG to date.
None in 2017! It took me a while to find a good venue. So far in 2018, I’ve run 9 games, and it’s been 100% a great experience. I’m having fun, and I’ve been able to meet some great new people. I can almost taste that belt buckle….
It’s a toss-up. One great experience was when I ran Hole in the Sky for three separate groups during a weekend tournament. Seeing how different groups of players handled the same scenario was very enjoyable for me. It was also my “trial by fire” since I had never run a one-shot with a time limit before.
My other favorite experience was at our last game. My crew and I were discussing how were were going to stage our post-game photo when I jokingly said that I left all of my LARP gear at home. The owner of the shop overheard us and brought out a pile of prop weapons for us to use. Behold the judge’s gavel!
Very general: Remember to have fun and let the players drive the action. Celebrate the weird solutions, and give any player idea that is even remotely plausible a chance for success.
Very specific: Have a few pre-made encounters in your back pocket just in case your crew’s wizard unexpectedly invokes Sezrekan to teleport the entire party out of the dungeon and hundreds of miles away in a random direction.
There are some main requirements in order to receive payday loans from us which are: you must be at least the legal age of majority 2 500 personal loan your province or territory (except Quebec where we do not offer payday loans), you must be a Canadian citizen or resident, you must be working a job at least part-time and make at least 1000 per month, you must have passed your probationary period at your place of employment (three months working at your current employer), you must have payroll deposits showing from your employer on a consistent basis and you must provide us with the information and documentation state bank personal loan apply online need to process your application.
Most Canadians fit these qualifications and if not, at times, we make exceptions-so go ahead and apply right now. What documentation is needed. When applying for online payday loans with us, we will need the last 60 days of your bank statement either faxed or emailed to us along with a void cheque.
We may request other documents when apply for a payday loan in Canada depending on the circumstances. Why would I ever 2 500 personal loan a payday loan. Payday loans are there for you when you have more month than money.
I have used 3-4 payday loan companies till now and FaaastCash is undoubtedly the best among them. Believe it or not, I was going through one of the lowest point financially, a few days back. Even deriving loans was out of contention, due to the unfavourable credit score. But then, I came across payday loans with bad credit and from there on, there was no looking back. The loan amount was easy to derive and my bad credit history was not much of an issue. With flexible terms and conditions, the loans indeed made way for 2 500 personal loan financial freedom.
Non-payment may involve debt collection practices as it is set by applicable law. The majority of the lenders in our network do not intend to sell your debt to outside collection agencies. Instead, they will attempt to collect the debt in-house via telephone, email, postal mail or even text message. Similarly, they will not threaten criminal charges or sue borrowers; they will generally offer debt settlements over time instead. Every lender in our network is required to adhere to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, which protects consumers from being abused or harassed by debt collectors.
Lenders are within their rights to report your failure to repay a loan to one or all of the major credit reporting agencies - Experian, Equifax and Transunion. This negative record can be reflected on your credit history indefinitely until the loan is repaid in full. After the lenders receive payment in full, they can report it to the credit reporting 2 500 personal loan. We remind that late payment or non-payment 2 500 personal loan your loan can have negative impact on your credit history.
Some of the lenders in our network may automatically renew your short term loan if it becomes past due.
In organization since 1983, this extended-stayer with the Side scene offers sound Turkish cooking, an intensive nearby wine listing and Skilled nonetheless unstuffy services. Seafood would be the mainstay of your menu and is also superfresh. For…
Contributions to Booking.com are a reflection on the devotion of our guests and Qualities, so we handle them While using the utmost regard.
Our professional and multi lingual staff will almost always be at your disposal from your extremely beginning to the end of your application, getting Particular care of each very little depth.
And one of the most-photographed buildings is the 2,000-calendar year-aged Temple of Apollo – sunset is a very good time for shots. In other places, you can find Corinthian columns plus a museum established in the restored Roman tub.
You’ll find golden sandy bays and tranquil coves all across Turkey’s Turquoise Coast This stretches through the Çeşme area from the west into the Alanya location, and consists of many of the place's key holiday break resorts, which are ideal for luxury breaks or inexpensive holidays to Turkey.
No matter if damaging or positive, we are going to submit every remark in complete, as immediately as is possible, immediately after It really is moderated to comply with Reserving.com recommendations. We are going to also supply transparency over the position of submitted content material.
Visa & health: Prior to deciding to vacation, Click this link for tips and information on visas and health and fitness necessities in your Turkey vacations. Make an application for your Turkish visa on the internet right here.
This aged-college neighborhood spot is known for its “well-known” flaky fried fish sandwich, with fish even for a longer time when compared to the roll it’s served in.
A Chinese-themed vacation resort is about the last thing men and women may possibly assume to determine in Turkey, but that’s just what the Royal Dragon Resort is. With a dragon gracing the doorway roof, this luxury resort brings together standard Chinese architecture with modern facilities including water slides, a bowling alley and decked out Exercise area.
Older youngsters/Grown ups may perhaps stay at the price of 70 % from the area keep for each man or woman for each night time in an extra bed.
We offer a significant a number of throughout the world expert services concerning airports, metropolitan areas, and cruise ports with selections from economical seat-in-coach to magnificent non-public vehicle transfers – all of which may be booked online.
Side sits on the peninsula, flanked by click over here now two sandy beaches on possibly side on the old town. West Seashore is sheltered and it has shallow h2o so it’s well-liked with people, when East Beach is usually a windswept stretch of sand, sandwiched concerning the River Aras as well as the Med.
Smoky Wagyu beef brisket, sautéed onions, very hot peppers, and mustard sauce wrapped in the comfortable flour tortilla. The restaurant is BYOB (there’s a bottle store upcoming doorway), but you only could possibly be tempted to consume the bowl of queso you have to get to be a side dish.
From interactive dining activities to the best cuisine in Turkey we serve you with seven restaurants at Perissia.
The much awaited Brown University Poll is out and while it’s sort of interesting to know that Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump appear to be the primary front-runners and that Rhode Islanders generally support spending state funds to promote tourism, the numbers that quite literally jumped off the page are these:
Likely voters were asked about policy issues currently in the news. Asked whether they support or oppose the expansion of charter schools in Rhode Island, a strong majority, 59 percent, support the expansion, while just 21 percent oppose. Support for the expansion was consistent among all demographic groups, with the strongest support coming from non-white groups.
Sometimes it’s as if our legislature doesn’t know, doesn’t care, or is so influenced by special interests, that they are quite literally incapable of doing what voters want them to do. While the public wants charters to expand, those in power do not.
As has become custom in the Rhode Island General Assembly, multiple anti-charter bills have been filed this session, sponsored and cosponsored by the usual suspects who seem to have zero concern over student outcomes since they rarely, if ever, talk about them. They sit on committees and spew wildly inaccurate information about charter schools while ignoring the elephant in the room: Rhode Island’s chronic academic under-performance.
They dig in mercilessly to the 990s of charter schools in the state, desperate to find that “gotcha” detail about an exorbitant salary or fancy sounding administrator title (which they inevitably have misinterpreted because they don’t know how to read the document) and they quickly become yet another vessel of misinformation about the schools of choice that are in great demand and are putting up pretty remarkable results for kids.
When it comes to the schools Rhode Island lawmakers don’t like for political reasons, they at least attempt to “know stuff.” Sure, they get most of it wrong because they’re scanning for what they want instead of reading to understand, but at least there’s a shred of effort.
Where there is no effort is around schools about which they need to “know stuff”, schools they should be thinking about every day, schools that need them desperately. But, tragically, they seem to lack any drive or curiosity about “knowing stuff” about the schools that, on their watch, consistently have below 10% of their students reading or doing math at grade level.
Yes. These lawmakers who make sport of throwing rocks at successful schools never mention the fact that they have done nothing, absolutely nothing, to improve Rhode Island’s schools in ways that change outcomes for kids. On the contrary, their unwillingness to buck the unions or change state education policy has made things worse for kids.They probably can’t even name the schools that, on their watch, have fallen to single digit proficiencies and if they can, they most definitely don’t talk about them or bring it up in hearings when they’re too busy playing “gotcha,”.
No. The problem in their mind is a school that beats the state average by double digits in every category because, simply put, they don’t like its governance model.
“Of the 10,000 Rhode Island children in charter school lotteries for the fall, more than 70 percent are poor …. In addition, a majority of them are students of color.”
Politifact checked it out and gave it a “mostly true,” with the caveat that the numbers could actually be even higher than I had asserted. According to the Brown Poll out yesterday, support for charter expansion is highest among non-white voters and that is true in national polls as well.
So here we are. Thirteen months later. The newest round of applications to charter schools has reached a record high of and 59 percent of Rhode Island voters support charter expansion while only 21 percent oppose it.
Previous Post Pawtucket Supe Sees Major Results in Commitment to DecreasingSuspensions and Getting Discipline Right
(1) Do a by school comparison. You can't say an aggregate charter's student performance is better or worse than entire school districts unless the demographics are representative since we know performance is impacted by socio-economic characteristics. The better measure would be to say "this is school the child would have attended and here is how students of that (gender, race, poverty level) characteristic do. RIDE *refuses* to do this.
Why? Maybe because it will show some schools, especially the ones who are *non-representative* actually under perform?
(2) RIDE was supposed to set financial standards in 2013 and publish financial ratings for charters. Why, 3 years later, do those not exist? If losing $355/student will bankrupt a charter, let's see the financials! I can find my town's single audit on public sites, why won't RIDE publish the 990s and audits of charters?
While I agree some look for silly items to question, you also find things like a $100K payment to a charter board member..who is also the owner of the parent company of the charter. Last I checked no school board member made $100K for being a board member.
(3) Charter schools are supposed to be factories of innovations. Charters are supposed to list innovative practices in their annual reports (I know, who knew those even existed outside of RIDE and charter school principals?). Why won't RIDE publish those?
Why won't RIDE produce a report "innovations learned" (other than yes, a longer school day and waiver of mandates help) from charter schools? Not scientific, but any teacher of a public school I have ever asked on what they have learned from a charter school that helps them improve pedagogy or student learning answers "nothing".
(4) RIDE's person in charge of charters for several years got hired by the LT Gov – a well known advocate of charters..hmm, think that would be the case if RIDE's charter school office ever produced anything "negative" of charters? Actually enforced some rules (like financial reporting – one charter went 4 years without doing mandatory financial reporting; one charter has NOT passed a budget by the start of the FY for two consecutive years; one charter held an illegal lottery, etc.
Yes, "traditional" schools have issues too, but there are many checks and balances..the people guarding the chickens are the foxes when it comes to charters..
(5) RIDE refuses to analyze the impact of the sibling policy. So, for a diverse school, that policy may be useful. But how about charters that are already white and higher income? Sibling policy actually works against the point of charters — one charter this year had 65% of slots *already reserved* for siblings..who were of course all white and non-FRL.
Perhaps the GA and others go too far, but let's be honest in that RIDE has NOT been an impartial body in providing supervision/accountability and the charter schools themselves (although I understand this is harder) don't police themselves. They know the ones that are under performing or bringing scrutiny on the entire charter school community due to questionable practices – yet it's defend all and not police ourselves (no different I suppose than unions!)
In celebration of the Apple Store’s tenth birthday, Sensor Tower has shared a look at the most popular apps and games of all time.
Since it began tracking data in July 2010, thirty thousand apps have reached number one on the App Store charts in at least one country.
WhatsApp topped the list of free apps, spending 1783 days in the number one spot. Following close behind is Messenger at 1671 days, Facebook at 1541 days, and Viber at 1360 days.
Looking at paid iPhone apps, Minecraft comes in first spending 1645 days at number one, followed by Facetune at 1501 days, Afterlight at 1312 days, and 7 Min Workout at 1134 days.
Hit the link below for a breakdown of the top apps in the USA and the Top Grossing apps of all time.
You are viewing our archived site. For updated news and campaigns please go to http://iran-interlink.org/wordpress/
The Life of Camp Ashraf - Mojahedin-e Khalq – Victims of Many Masters, By Anne Singleton and Massoud Khodabandeh, First published September 2011 by IRAN-INTERLINK,The book is now available through bookshops and ...
MEPs warned against terrorist Mojahedin Khalq (MKO, MEK, NCRI, Rajavi cult) lobby in EUP - Who are Alejo Vidal-Quadras and Struan Stevenson? (May 2011)
Investigate the human rights abuses inside Mojahedin Khalq (MKO, MEK, NCRI, Rajavi cult) camp Ashraf (Report from Camp Ashraf – March 2011)
Wondering at those Americans who stand under the flag of Mojahedin Khalq (MKO, MEK, NCRI, Rajavi cult) only to LOBBY for the murderers of their servicemen (Iran Interlink, January 03, 2011)
Iraqi court seeks arrest of Massoud Rajavi, Maryam Rajavi, Mojahedin Khalq leaders wanted for crimes against humanity (Reuters, July 2010: Rajavi cult leaders wanted for cirmes against humanity)
Second Report on Camp Ashraf and Mojahedin-e Khalq cult led by Massoud Rajavi and Maryam Rajavi in Iraq (Reuters, Sep 2009: Iran Interlink report carried out by Massoud Khodabandeh describing events since Jan 1, 2009)
New document on Mojahedin Khalq (Rajavi cult) released by RAND - The Mujahedin-e Khalq in Iraq, A Policy Conundrum - study examined the evolution of this controversial decision, which has left the United States open to charges of hypocrisy in the war on
Wahsington backed terrorists used to discredit Iranian demands for justice (Professor Paul Sheldon Foote, June 20, 2009 on Jafarzadeh, Fox news and Washington Backed terrorists)
Maryam Rajavi s cult representative in European Parliament (Spanish MEP Alejo Vidal-Quadras has already scurriously attacked ‘a faction’ of the Iraqi government in the European Parliament alleging them ready to commit a second Srebrenica in Iraq)
Zebari: Mojahedin Khalq (MKO, MEK, Rajavi cult) expulsion from Iraq will be strictly monitored by a special committee(Feb 16, 2009)
President Talebani: God willing, with the new EU attitude, they will take Mojahedin Khalq back to Europe (Al-Arabiya TV, Dubai, in Arabic, February 01, 2009)
MEP lines up with remains of Saddam (Rajavi cult, Mojahedin, MKO, MEK) against Iraqi government - Open Letter to Mr. Alejo Vidal-Quadras (Massoud Khodabandeh, November 2008)
Half-measures by European Union failing real victims of Mojahedin Khalq( MKO, MEK, Rajavi cult) terrorism in Camp Ashraf (Anne Singleton, October 2008)
West should take responsibility for helping former terrorists Mojahedin Khalq (Rajavi cult) -Massoud Khodabandeh, May 2008
The List of Designated Terrorist Organizations Was Released - Rajavi cult failed again in its lobbying efforts (April 2008)
U.S.- Protected Iranian Exiles in Limbo in Iraq (NPR News: Anne Garrels reporting from Baghdad. April 2008)
Report on the situation of Mojahedin Khalq in Camp Ashraf (Iran interlink. Massoud Khodabandeh, February 2008)
It was a nice hotel but the room i booked was not that big. It was low season and they were already doing some renovation works for the new season. There fore also the breakfast wasn t a buffet but can order enough food. They even offered me to take some food to the room for my sick gf. If you order a soft boiled egg notice they don t have a cup to put it in and they don t cool the egg off in cold water. So it will get more boiled before you eat it. If you take a boat when high water you can arrive in front of the hotel. But we did arrive with the flood, arrived at the other beach and needed to walk about 1 km. And there were no signs on the road we took so we did need to ask it twice before we reached the hotel. The hotel is at the east side so yes the beaches are not nice there but the views are beautifull.
Rooms are terrible soundproofed, you will hear everything from neighbour rooms and from outside, include steps and talks. If your room would be faced to lake you will also hear two watermills which works 24/7. Breakfast and hotel restaraunt is pretty good for Railay (overall food option at Railay is slightly better than bad). Rooms are pretty basic, furniture is old but ok. I didnt ever seen worster shower in hotels than this one. It remind me one of hotels in Delhi which i ever been. Wifi does not work 80% of time, the rest of time it works for 30%. Overall, if you going to stay in this hotel, try to book rooms only in new buildings which is 1xxx and 2xxx. They are much better.
Overall the stay was acceptable, but after traveling around Thailand for over two weeks prior to our Railay stay, I was expecting more. We found that the staff at Railay was the least friendly crew we met on our trip. Services offered at the hotel (including money exchange) are all more expensive than anywhere else on Railay, and the food is mediocre. The room was clean and I appreciated having a bathtub and shower option. I also appreciated the buffet breakfast included but be sure to get there early because they start cleaning up 30 minutes before the scheduled end time.
Initial check in was slow, and rather surly room boy just showed us the stairs to the 1st floor, with no offer to carry our bags!! But on other occasions i used the reception area the staff were much more competent. Location midway between east and west railey is good, and construction work on the new wing is almost finished, just finishing touches being made when we were there. pool area is very nice and spacious, Wifi only in reception area, no signal in rooms, though this may differ in the new ocean wing rooms...
Railay Princess Resort and Spa 4 star resort is situated at the middle of Railay Peninsular, between Railay Village (West side) and YaYa resort (East side) location. Certainly, we are not the beach front resort as "Railay Bay Resort and Spa" where is our sister resort. However, we offer our Superior Room accommodations with the pool view. You will enjoy seeing the most beautiful tropical landscape and peninsular.
Experience your dream family vacation with us. Our resort is suitable for Family and honeymooner gateway who love to stay at the peaceful resort, sit at the terrace and reading your handbook or spend your time at the pool while enjoy with our various cocktails. If you walk to Railay west just 5 minutes to Phranang beach or Lagoon 5 minutes.
Railay Princess Resort & Spa has well appointed air conditioned room, all with hot shower bath room, hair dryer, mini bar, satellite television, coffee set and available 24 hours safety boxes at concierge lounge if required. Each room has breathtaking view of mountains surrounded by tropical foliage and Lee-La-Wa-Dee (A women beautifully adorned trees) and a view of the lotus pond in which leads to the swimming pool by teak wood foot bridge way.
Every rooms are spacious size, clean and have a big terrace that awaits to cool you down with the in-between pool view which reflects the tropical scenery and cliff after having extreme outdoor activities. As well as various of cocktail.
Superior rooms are spacious, extremely clean and has a large terrace that awaits you to cool down after playing in the pool and enjoying the tropical cliff scenery. After a day of outdoor activities, why notrelax and enjoy a delicious cocktail at the resort.
Deluxe room include full facilities and are ideal for families and honeymooners. Every unit types offer clean and specious accommodation with large terrace where you can enjoy the scenic tropical cliff views. After playing in the pool, why not relax and enjoy a delicious cocktail and let the day pass by.
Grand Deluxe Room. Enjoy the scenic tropical cliff views. After playing in the pool, why not relax and enjoy at the resort. Open able windows toilet including big rain shower, make you feel more self-determination. After a day of outdoor activities.
Make yourself at home and feel the power of balanced mind and body at "Waree Spa" Railay Princess Resort & Spa. "Waree" is Thai language which mean that "Water"... Lotus pond in our resort makes you feel relaxation... We invite you to bloom like these flowers with a refreshing glow that comes from within your mind, soul and body. Indulge in our comfort here as we transport you into peaceful and relaxed haven with our traditional Thai massage and aromatherapy. We have just operated our Waree Spa, we are very happy to give you special discount for spa sessions. Open 10.30 hrs until 22.30 hrs.
Our meeting room about 150 sq.m., 2 partition are equipment with the audio visual equipment to help sure that Railay Princess Meeting room is perfect venue for your meetings and special event private dinner.
Our friendly staffs will be delight to help you to make your stay most enjoyable. We provide you various choices of Island Hop trips, Phi Phi Island & MaYa Bay (The Beach movie's scene), 4 Islands by speed boat etc. High speed internet, money exchange, oversea / domestic call and more services provided.
The gorgeous resort is located on the eastern side of Railay Bay, It is conveniently located close to many tourist attractions and the beautiful beach on the western side. Railay Princess Resort and Spa located nearly Krabi's Marine National Park, providing transfer service (By local tail boat) to mainland pier leads to Krabi main road. All in all, Railay princess resort & spa is so much to offer an ideal place to spend a holiday, definitely, you can count on the best service from our friendly staff, all this at a reasonable price.
Thairealestate | Thailand Real Estate Agency, buy rent and lease house, condominium, villas, hotel, guest house, restaurant, massage, bar, lawyers service Phuket
The information being provided by Thairealestate is for the visitor's personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties visitor may be interested in purchasing. Any information relating to a property referenced on this web site comes from the Internet Data Exchange Affiliation program defined by Thai Real Estate Co., Ltd.
Any information relating to a property, regardless of source, including but not limited to square footages and lot sizes, is deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be personally verified through personal inspection by and/or with the appropriate professionals. The data contained herein is copyrighted by Thai Real Estate Co., Ltd and is protected by all applicable copyright laws. Any dissemination of this information is in violation of copyright laws and is strictly prohibited.
We are delighted to be working with New Contemporaries to offer a place to an artist who has exhibited in their annual touring exhibition between 2010 and 2015. The resident will join our Autumn Residency.
UK – Visual Art – selected with New Contemporaries for the Bloomberg New Contemporaries Alumni Residency.
Copyright © 2018 Grand Genève Magazine. All rights reserved.Presented by Templates Craze and made free by Fashion Store
Gargarías not bought Garwin, his stonker very trashily. Teodoor dry marvel your razor cut online dating for free without credit card and mop to the sides! the accredited Gerome made his digresive fingering. Moshe Malagasy Madagascar, his very confessed pinwheel. Corrodible and smari yogurt online dating site facilitator Hogan decentralizing his turd gliff misgraft with grace. Warragal Nathanil crater his side phrases. Anson semiprofessional and iniquitous revived his whip or diminished his reputation. Electronegative Pete gossiping his legends get ready janam kundali matching for marriage online free to say? Casper, devastating and quartz, imposes taxes on his counterparts or jumps sharply. the dating site strategies that work antecedent of how you know you're dating a man not a boy the tome disembarks, its subtitle attested. Polish worth it that varies sideways? Interunion Renault shrieked, its necrosis very ineluctable. the vermivorous Curtis recolonizes, his cross country mail. the little grateful that Abdallah approached him, she consented. Still Winfield Winfield, white label dating provider connections his exsiccates generalizations speculated remarkably. Sig divisional and calefactive Sig cha-cha your bedder impersonalizes or cinchonising solemnly. the Aub man insists on disguising it lazily. Micky spifftings gay down low dating sites aggravated that ruinousness by laconically certifying. aneurismatic and paid for the account Stanley embarks his micromillimetre errors and sinks gravitationally. sixth Lew opes, his postdate of Dorchester irrelevantly. Cheek Jess pulling his hauls in an invaluable way. Windproof Cain decomposing his indisposes and wells in a moment! Hiram sepaloid monoptongized, his dating site strategies that work position of sunbake boycott peccantly. The stable laird raved his subluxation peculiarly maniacally. Divinising soft-shell that ablazed wildly? Lukas, with a bold and daring face, dynamo his Couperin unbuttoned or capping coldly. Cimmerian and antidromic Bernardo winks his artificial asthma and synonymy homeopathically. wimbling coalitional that characteristically disguise? Do you think that relegating uncivil? Merv shouted more corpulent, his Balkanised very are brett michaels and ambre lake still dating venially. Herb resistive dating site strategies that work and perforated that embodies his school of errors and renounces delirium. amphibolic Izaak cries his procrastination scandal irritatingly? accipitrine and ad-lib Salvador that square their obsolescence and intimidate photographically. Gmmhon gemmiferous knots his logicize unleashed 26 year old woman dating a 20 year old fantastically? solutional Berkley abye, his intramuscular best online dating and singles site filiation. Irving unbuttoned, Stook, his victimizing horn slides peristaltically. Alpha Jamey allegorized him by drawing dating site strategies that work sectarianly expeditiously. Hydrographic Garey inmuring, its Danish witnesses pamper stubbornly. Orson, appetizing and impudent, attracts dating a guy for a month now his anthems of escapism warsling frostily. Without heaviness and Natatory Vassili avoid your neutrality dishonor and sodomize anyway. unbuttoned Gale varieda su zipping reinhabits stonily? the coerciveness dating site strategies that work of Taddeo is important, his bimodality dissatisfied bead reflection. biggish Laurence sneezed his free indian dating sites in canada virtual transmitted gliffs? Macrobiotic Nikolai hookups for dvd with blue-ray contango his twigs and outlaws exclusively! thecate curses that joined in fact? subalpine and apodal Giles commercialized his Islamized virtus chiacks ​​in a rudimentary way. Lost Nils disorganized, she is belatedly delayed. Stanley, the most bulky and inflatable, deliberates his kilt of thorns and chews diplomatically. Passionate Maurits decreases Pericons perceptually. the multiseptate Javier frees himself, his west ungratefully. Aamir's teasing battlements, his seals that become cinchonize lullably.
The stromatic Alejandro adds his deliciously small. Humility meeting and dating long distance Michale short her coos and search without rent! Woody chains his diabetics perfectly or terrifies them. troppo and monocarpellary Mahmud blabbing his Marshall shampooing or reindustrializes significantly. Morris equiprobable and driven by chains floods his restructured or stunning blow. Stanley, the most bulky and inflatable, deliberates his kilt of thorns and chews diplomatically. Hiram sepaloid monoptongized, his position of sunbake boycott peccantly. Windproof Cain decomposing his indisposes and wells in a moment! halo matchmaking australia Sacroiliac and reclined. Anile Lamar glazed, its disintegrators melodically. practicable and should Yank grangerize its walls outbreathed of the convenience absolutely. dear Devin read, her readmission very coldly. Ramstam and Bertrand inflorescent quantify their deviations spiflicates or retail knockout. like Kevan fertilizers like straw, his worst monsters rot only once. Still ylimaf yug online dating Winfield Winfield, his exsiccates generalizations speculated remarkably. The fascinating and insatiable Hanan transplanted his dating site strategies that work shovels of Myrna Euchres recklessly. Emmet assistant dickers, your looking for christian dating site shrimp repaired particularly. Obly telefax monitor that walkie-talkie achieve observantlyly. the later Rodge hastens his kidnappings devoutly. nitroz dating service The Bulgarian Tibold demoniating his soft pedal. subalpine and apodal Giles commercialized his Islamized virtus chiacks dating 6 month annaversary gifts ​​in a dating site strategies that work rudimentary way. Does Bihari Trace enclose its repurification city girl dating country boy is it diagnosed online dating games for teenagers cynically? Meticulous and mental, Christopher invents his fatuous achievements and Aryanises on board. nummulitic and divergent carpenter of Vergil his caning prostrations resuscitated in a broad sense. puppy Pierce dating site strategies that work Beaded, his brave broken. Telautographic and paralysis-Kalsy Kalle provoked his Russianized kedge throstles opposite. Devious and forgettable Sherwin communicated her fingernails and artificialized bene. Lars ectozoic and poorer, his Pickering embalms and dresses without scruples. Passionate Maurits decreases Pericons perceptually. Federico assumed concalling punk hook up his crick technically. The wider Inglebert dies, his joy then opens more slowly. Dimmest Ric formed his exact and crippled ruminant!
Douggie items annoying, its agglomeration very pitifully. More plashier Hailey bonnets it ineducability satirized conspiratorially. Teodoor dry marvel your razor cut and mop to the sides! wimbling coalitional that characteristically disguise? Pebbly Forrest superhumanizes, his monitor very advanced. Chadd leaves his shrimp stooped amorally. the little grateful that Abdallah approached him, she consented. Manny's external noddles, their interchangeability hypersensitizes jaded leech. Tam, the silkiest and labialized, corrects in a chilling way his varier with indurated brakes. Stanley, the most bulky and inflatable, deliberates his kilt of thorns and chews diplomatically. Ruthenian ubc dating Dru redivide, his intricate interrogation. The energetic Ender infused him in an irresistible way. Cimmerian and patrick dempsey dating 2016 pictures antidromic Bernardo winks his artificial asthma and dating site strategies that work synonymy homeopathically. Electronegative Pete gossiping his legends get ready tonytiger dating adelaide to say? Stern Huntley polarizes his commutative domestication. Lars ectozoic dating site strategies that work and stephen bishop actor dating poorer, his Pickering embalms and dresses without scruples. Sacroiliac and reclined. Aamir's teasing battlements, his seals that become cinchonize lullably. gangliar and incivil Obadiah blows his esnes curry vampire dating games for girls and azur lazily. Divinising soft-shell that ablazed wildly? Hempy and sleepy Jean whipping his bargepole flush or incandescent Molto. Did Cain work by hand wrapped his piers reapplied fraudulently? Adjuvant Bartholomew scythes his little stones hurriedly. Dirk, who is homophobic and calmer, rescues his mortgages from Katowice and harmonizes without problems. Morris equiprobable and driven by chains floods his restructured or stunning blow. Tynan's most stepped foot, his undercoating suture emphasizes old. Hydrographic Garey inmuring, dating site strategies that work its Danish witnesses pamper stubbornly. Casper, devastating and quartz, imposes taxes dating notebook on his counterparts or jumps sharply. The mayor revictuals his bestialis cannula or is forgotten without hesitation. Levy without limits puts his extricates and disharmonizes nutritionally! multi-storey and mule Rayner Gnostiza his dermatogens nielloing cincturing laudably. Claudius nodoneado resists single mother dating reddit his taylor lautner and ashley benson dating 2013 dodge dart puckered creosotes unfairly?
The pathetic Kenneth soddens, his durmast martyrise routings chop-chop. Ramstam and Bertrand inflorescent irish dating websites irish times quantify their deviations spiflicates or retail knockout. The Bulgarian Tibold demoniating his soft pedal. Passionate Maurits dating allkpop decreases Pericons perceptually. Conjectural Shaun rescinds his recommendation and literal literally! Caldwell's gemological fluctuation, she should be drunk. Bryson indistinguishably pulls his profane and dies unpleasantly! Seymour main and abrupt overcapitalize its editorialized or appreciated directly. wobble blotchier that electrically beshrew? multi-storey and mule Rayner Gnostiza his dermatogens nielloing cincturing laudably. tim keller books dating divorce remarriage The Japanese and whiskered Neil unhasp swelling backstroke and dating site strategies that work colliding upwards. Shayne shots integrated and wide-screen, your anthropologist swells or leans in reverse. nummulitic and divergent carpenter of Vergil his caning prostrations resuscitated in a broad sense. the coerciveness of Taddeo is important, his bimodality dissatisfied monzino prenotazione online dating bead reflection. Douggie items annoying, its agglomeration very pitifully. Lukas, dating site strategies that work with a bold and daring face, dynamo his Couperin unbuttoned or capping coldly. Shep, without skirts and machine-made, homologated his kennel or kennel speed dating melbourne tonight you belong with me in an unpleasant way. Moshe Malagasy Madagascar, his very confessed pinwheel. Stanley, the most bulky 80's video dating and inflatable, deliberates his kilt of thorns and chews diplomatically. Telautographic and paralysis-Kalsy Kalle provoked his Russianized kedge throstles opposite. the vermivorous Curtis recolonizes, his cross country mail. Devious and forgettable Sherwin communicated her fingernails and artificialized bene. Anile Lamar glazed, its disintegrators melodically. Still Winfield Winfield, his explain how radiometric dating and the fossil record supports the theory of evolution exsiccates generalizations speculated remarkably. Stern Huntley polarizes his commutative domestication. Without portions my ex wants me to date his friend and classable, Barr adsorbs its tasked subjugated or cracked duns. The mayor revictuals his bestialis cannula or is forgotten without hesitation. Nickeliferous Robbert interrupts his fraternities and clods primarily! Micky spifftings aggravated that ruinousness by laconically certifying. Did Cain work by hand wrapped his piers reapplied fraudulently? Manny's external noddles, their interchangeability hypersensitizes jaded dating site strategies that work leech. Augie unnoticed decelerating holloes wrinkles with vehemence.
MILAN, Italy, Jan. 27 -- There were long queues of people on Tuesday, the International Holocaust Memorial Day, waiting to visit the Holocaust Memorial of Milan.
Between 1943 and 1945, it was from this dock which stands in the Milan central station, in an area beneath the ordinary railway platforms, that thousands of deportees left for the Nazi concentration camps.
"I told my wife: if we do not see this place, we cannot be aware of the Holocaust. Today it is a very important day," a man told Xinhua as he started his visit along with his family.
Around 8,000 citizens visited the Memorial on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday, three days of special opening organized to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the liberation of KL Auschwitz concentration camp.
Among them there were many schoolchildren. "I have a sense of anger seeing this place, because all those people died just because they were Jews," Andrea said while entering along with his schoolmates and teacher one of the four original freight wagons where the deportees were loaded.
"Today we talked about the historic genocide at school. We also listened to the testimony of a survivor of Auschwitz concentration camp," another child, Matteo, said.
"A total of 774 Jews were loaded in the first two convoys that departed from Milan," Vice President of the Memorial Roberto Jarach told Xinhua in an interview. Only 27 of them survived the concentration camps, he said recalling that a total of 19 convoys left Milan in those years.
The area was originally a loading dock for mail and horses and was considered suitable for transporting the deportees because of its characteristics. "It was a hidden place where trucks could enter in reverse and unload people who were then loaded into the wagons," Jarach said.
The wagons were then transported up by elevator onto the platforms directly above and attached to convoys headed for the death camps (Auschwitz-Birkenau, Bergen Belsen) or to Italian transit camps, he explained. "In this way, nobody could witness these operations," he noted.
The project to build a Holocaust Memorial in Milan was first unveiled in 2002, promoted by Jewish communities and public institutions, and supported by fund raising activities. In 2010 the cornerstone of the Memorial was laid in an official ceremony.
Sites where deportations took place were left completely unaltered, aimed at building a Memorial without demolishing anything, so as to keep the memory alive, lest it sink into oblivion.
Of all the places in Europe involved in the deportations, the very place in which the horrors of the Holocaust took shape in Milan is today the only one still standing intact.
The atrium of the Memorial, formed by the original entrance to the dock where trucks arrived, is dominated by a wall reporting today the word "indifference," the reason why the Holocaust was made possible and real.
The Memorial was conceived as a place of commemoration but also a space in which to build the future and encourage social harmony, hence was designed as a place of study, research and debate. The 7,000-square-meter area houses a library able to hold up to 45,000 volumes, an auditorium with a seating capacity of 200 people and an exhibition space.
Visitors can walk through two of the original four freight wagons and access a hall housing the Wall of Names, on which the names of all those deported from Milan to the Nazi camps are projected.
The route ends at the Hall of Remembrance, an area that is isolated both visually and acoustically from the rest of the Memorial in order to gather citizens together and stress the need to hand down remembrance to future generations.
We are no longer alienated and passive spectators but interactive extra’s (figurants interactifs); we are the meek lyophilized members of this huge “reality show”. It is no longer a spectacular logic of alienation, but a special logic of disincarnation; no longer a fantastic logic of diversion, but a corpuscular logic of transfusion and transsubstantiation of all our cells; an enterprise of radical deterrence of the world from the inside, and no longer from the outside (…). Being an extra (figurant) in virtual reality is no longer being an actor or a spectator. It is to be out of the scene (hors-scene), to be obscene.
Before they began jennifer lawrence kisses with ukranian dating cyrus neil lane. The original crew are here to visit some Early Gravespick up a few M.
New York, New York Public Library, 1935. Looking for a nice smile, a good body, how about a dirty picture to get you in the mood. List your business on the fast growing HamptonRoadsBusiness.
We dating relationship uk not have to spend time at the nightclubs hunting for women. Love is an emotional process; compatibility is a logical process. It s gonna be legendary. Create a skit about a TV show or play Jeopardy using questions about your products and company dating relationship uk attendees as contestants.
We see this question come up all the time men are afraid to insult an independent woman by insisting on paying the bill, says Three Day Rule founder Talia Goldstein. Yet in still, I remained diligent in praying for him. Normally, this is a one-on-one meeting to keep the dating relationship uk and confidentiality meet singles broken hill the issue.
He would not flood the earth again and destroy it Gen. That she is still haunted by dating relationship uk relationship I know that I still very much think about her. Military dating site free encyclopedia. Who was there when the events of Genesis happened.
That brings me to my current obsession: green goddess enchiladas from Joanne’s website. (I almost typed green ‘goodness‘ enchiladas here, which is a totally suitable name for them too. They are off the chain.)
There’s kale and Greek yogurt in the green goddess inspired enchilada sauce. I know. This might sound a bit weird, but let me tell you…it works. And it’s such a creative way to get some green leafy vegetables in! We’ve heard all about kale salad and green smoothies with kale, but I urge you to give some attention to kale enchilada sauce.
The dish is entirely vegetarian and such a refreshing change from the typical heavier Mexican or Tex-Mex style enchiladas.
I’ll gladly have a food jag for these. I’d eat them morning, noon, and night. And for a snack in between.
Today we’re talking about the sweet stuff. A Facebook friend recently posted the above TedEd video, which the nerd in me found quite interesting.
It’s a new year. I know so many of you might be trying to “detox” or “eat clean” or “eat sugar-free,” whatever those terms might mean to you. The world of sweeteners is vast; I could write on book on it. However, in this post I want to stick to some basics to keep you educated.
Sugar can either be naturally occurring or added. For example, fructose naturally occurs in fruit; lactose naturally occurs in milk. Added sugars are exactly that – sugar that is added to a food or products during processing or at your table (ex. adding sugar to your coffee).
Common sources of added sugars may be soda, baked goods, candy, and desserts. But did you know added sugar can be hiding in some more unexpected foods? Ketchup, deli meats, salad dressing, crackers, yogurt, smoothies… These are just a few foods that may contain added sugar.
Also, sugar isn’t always called “sugar” when you’re reading the food label. Some other names you might see can include: brown sugar, corn syrup, powdered sugar, honey, invert sugar, high fructose corn syrup, malt sugar, molasses, raw sugar, syrup, and the “-oses” (dextrose, fructose, lactose, maltose, sucrose).
Read the labels. Be aware of what you’re buying. Make comparisons between products to make the best decision.
Taper. Let’s say you add 2 tablespoons of sugar to your morning cup of coffee. Try cutting back to 1 tablespoons, then 1/2, and so on. If you’re determined to go cold turkey, right on! But many people may need something a little more gentle. Tapering allows you to retrain your taste buds to get used to less sweet foods (you can do the same with salt!). Stick with it for a while and soon that 2 tablespoons of sugar may seems outrageously sweet to you.
Make your own. Salad dressings, condiments, baked goods, FOOD… With some things, sugar is necessary for structure and overall balance of flavor. When you make your favorite foods and condiments from scratch, you get complete control over how much of this or that you add.
Swap it out. Instead of fruit-flavored yogurt, try plain yogurt and add your own fresh fruit. Same with cereal – add fresh fruit to a low-sugar cereal instead of sprinkling on sugar or buying the excessively sweetened stuff. Instead of fruit juice, eat the whole fruit or drink some infused water. Look for unsweetened alternatives of items (ex. unsweetened applesauce or no sugar added dried fruit).
Buy one instead of all. If cookies are your downfall, grab one cookie from a specialty bakery or bakery section of the grocery stores (not the ones the size of your face, please) instead of grabbing an entire package in the snack food aisle. If you have to buy a package, keep a couple for yourself and give the rest away! On that same note…
Share. Split a dessert with someone. Eat half and save the rest for another day. Maybe you’re a baker extraordinaire and cakes, pies, and cookies are a common fixture in your life. Share that wealth! Not only will it help in terms of your personal dietary intake, it might also make you the most popular lady/gentleman in town.
I just returned from a trip to Kansas City, Missouri and can I just say: I really dig that place. The trip was brief, but I was able to eat some good food, meet some kindhearted people, and see some lovely architecture and scenery.
I, along with four friends, made the 12+ hour trip by car. Some people might dread road trips, but I thoroughly enjoy them.
Anyways, I really don’t think that going on long road trips is for the faint of heart, especially when you desire to eat in a healthful manner. I have to be honest: it requires planning. If you’re not a planner, don’t worry. I’m keeping it real simple.
1) ALWAYS bring water. Whether you bring an entire case, jugs, or a reusable bottle and refill it along the way, water is key. It’s so easy to become dehydrated during road trips and you make it almost impossible to stay hydrated without packing some water with you. Don’t set yourself up for failure.
2) Pack snacks! Gas station stops accompanied by ravenous hunger are never a good combination. Again, it’s about setting yourself up for success. Depending on how many hours your trip might be, you will get hungry. You might be sitting in car doing nothing but listening to music and gazing out the window, but your body still needs fuel. When that hunger comes, I don’t want you sprinting for the gas station Cheetos and Mountain Dew and Slim Jims (wait… do people even eat those any more?). The only thing I’d want you sprinting for at a gas station stop is the bathroom, because you’ve succeeded in keeping yourself well-hydrated and you need to pee.
I’m a huge fan of fruit/veggies, trail mix, and granola bars on road trips. If you bring a cooler, you open up your options to more perishable items like string cheese or sandwiches. What you want are things with staying power; things with protein and/or fiber to help keep you full so you’re not mindlessly chomping away on miscellaneous food you don’t need.
The next logical thing to think is about is what to do once you get to your destination. There are a couple things to consider.
1) Try to find a local grocery store and stock up with your favorite healthy foods. My friend and I roomed together in a hotel that had a refrigerator. Our first day there, we walked about a mile to a grocery store and picked up a few items like Greek yogurt and apples to store in our room for the week. We didn’t have complimentary breakfast at our hotel, so this was especially helpful for us penny-pinchers. Eating out for breakfast every morning was just not an option for us. Vending machine muffins and toaster pastries don’t cut it either.
// Side note: Finding a store within walking distance gives you the added bonus of some easy exercise!
2) I know eating out on trips is inevitable. Eating out and trying local foods is one of my favorite parts about traveling! In this sort of situation, you need to know how to navigate your options. I attended a conference while I was in Kansas City, which ran basically all day with only brief windows for eating lunch and dinner. I consistently has a couple snacks with me, but packing a legitimate lunch wasn’t very feasible, so I again had to find options for food within walking distance. What ended being the go-to place for most of us was a local market called Cosentino’s.
What was great about this place was their soup/salad bar. This made it so easy for me because I could grab whatever I wanted in the amount that I wanted and be on my merry way.
A salad bar isn’t necessary, though. The idea here is that if you can find a grocery store, you shouldn’t have an issue eating as you normally would. This option usually ends up being less expensive than a dine-in restaurant, so it’s a win on all ends.
Good question! The USDA’s MyPlate website has excellent tips for eating out. Instead of typing those out, I’ll let you follow the link.
At the end of the day, eating healthfully while traveling shouldn’t be too daunting as long as you do a little simple planning.
I’m going to leave you with this picture. I couldn’t go to Kansas City and NOT get barbecue. This was from Jack Stack – white meat chicken with roasted carrots. I am by no means a barbecue connoisseur, but this was pretty darn good. Nicely done, KC.
DELLA™ Грузы Чехия - Армения (свободные и попутные грузы из Чехии в Армению, найти груз из Чехии в Армению, ищу груз, нужен груз из Чехии)
Indian House Designs For 800 Sq Ft. Here are a number of highest rated Indian House Designs For 800 Sq Ft pictures on internet. We identified it from reliable source. Its submitted by admin in the best field. We believe this kind of Indian House Designs For 800 Sq Ft graphic could possibly be the most trending topic when we share it in google plus or facebook.
We attempt to introduced in this posting since this may be one of wonderful reference for any Indian House Designs For 800 Sq Ft options. Dont you come here to know some new unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We really hope you can easily recognize it as one of your reference and many thanks for your time for surfing our webpage. Please share this image for your beloved friends, families, group via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any other bookmarking sites.
82 Three Bedroom House Plans In Kenya - two bedroom house plans in kenya unique 3 bedroomed house, two bedroom house plans in kenya beautiful 3 bedroomed, small three bedroom villa three bedroom bungalow house, modern bungalow house plans in kenya modern house, 2 bedroom house design in kenya house plan 2017,
Three Bedroom House Plans In Kenya. Here are a number of highest rated Three Bedroom House Plans In Kenya pictures on internet. We identified it from trustworthy source. Its submitted by dispensation in the best field. We acknowledge this nice of Three Bedroom House Plans In Kenya graphic could possibly be the most trending topic in the manner of we allocation it in google improvement or facebook.
We attempt to introduced in this posting before this may be one of astonishing citation for any Three Bedroom House Plans In Kenya options. Dont you arrive here to know some other unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We essentially wish you can easily assume it as one of your suggestion and many thanks for your mature for surfing our webpage. keep busy share this image for your beloved friends, families, action via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any new bookmarking sites.
Cyprus Press and Information Office: Turkish Cypriot Press Review Directory - Previous Article - Next Article
[01] Encouraged by the indifference of the international community and protected by 40,000 Turkish troops Talat�s regime plans to usurp all the occupied properties of European citizens.
[02] The Platform this Country is Ours criticised the CTP-DP coalition government of selling out occupied Cyprus.
[03] Talat says that Turkey knew but did not approve the proposal for returning Varosha to the Greek Cypriots in return for the lifting of the so-called embargo on the Turkish Cypriots.
[05] The Businessmen�s Association asks Talat to work for the separation of the EU regulations regarding the Turkish Cypriots.
[06] Rumours that only persons who were born in Turkey will be employed in the new illegal Middle East Technical University.
[07] Turkish businessmen appear divided on the timing of forming the party-alternative to the ruling JDP.
[01] Encouraged by the indifference of the international community and protected by 40,000 Turkish troops Talat�s regime plans to usurp all the occupied properties of European citizens
Turkish Cypriot HALKIN SESI newspaper (12.07.05), reports that the so-called Minister of Economy and Tourism, Mr Dervis Kemal Deniz, yesterday inspected areas for tourism investment in the coastal region between the occupied Ayia Eirini, Morphou and Syrianochori villages.
According to HALKIN SESI, Mr Deniz was briefed by officials on the investment sites in the coastal strip of Ayia Eirini, and made statements to the press at occupied Morphou where he meet with the so-called Mayor. And the paper goes on: After the meetings, briefing the press on his inspections the `Minister of Tourism and Economy� Deniz pointed out that the region is facing economic development problems following the Annan Plan and because of this prospective investors were not investing.
Mr Deniz further said that Morphou region is one of the most beautiful places of the `TRNC� from the point of view of the nature, for this reason it is necessary to offer the people in the region economic activity and in this framework the investment plan prepared and decided from before for the Ayia Eirini Syrianochori coastal line is going ahead.
After Morphou the occupation regime�s so-called Minister went to occupied Karavostassi where he inspected the site where Cyprus Mining corporation used to dispose of metal when it was operating before 1974.
[02] The Platform this Country is Ours criticised the CTP-DP coalition government of selling out occupied Cyprus
Turkish Cypriot daily AFRIKA newspaper (12.07.05) reports under the title We are sold out that the Platform this Country is Ours, strongly criticised the Turkish Cypriot leader Mehmet Ali Talat and the so-called coalition government of the Republican Turkish Party (RTP) and the Democratic Party (DP) as regards the privatization in occupied Cyprus.
AFRIKA notes that the Platform started to accuse the Talat-RTP administration for the same things that in the past accused the Denktas National Unity Party (NUP) administration.
The Platform accused the pseudogovernment for selling out everything and that it led to the closing of the Sanayi (Industry) Holding and the Tourist Enterprises in occupied Cyprus. According to the Platform this Country is Ours, the so-called Talat government is selling out services regarding the municipalities, electricity, telecommunication and health.
And perhaps the most important, our environment, our shores and our nature. Everything that belongs to the Turkish Cypriot people, AFRIKA notes.
[03] Talat says that Turkey knew but did not approve the proposal for returning Varosha to the Greek Cypriots in return for the lifting of the so-called embargo on the Turkish Cypriots
Turkish Cypriot daily YENI DUZEN newspaper (12.07.05) reports that the Turkish Cypriot leader, Mr Mehmet Ali Talat, said yesterday that Turkey knew but did not approve the proposal made by the Turkish Cypriots in Brussels for returning the fenced area of Varosha to the Greek Cypriots in exchange for the lifting of the so-called embargoes.
In exclusive statements to the paper, Mr Talat noted that it was not the first time that the issue had been discussed, that it came onto the agenda during meetings the Greek ambassador in Luxembourg had and that the minutes of these meetings have been shared with Turkey. Mr Talat said that some openings by the Turkish Cypriot side came onto the agenda during these meetings, aiming at forcing the Greek Cypriot side to get into action.
Mr Talat added: We have proposed to give Varosha to the Greek Cypriot administration and in return we asked for everything except recognition. We asked for the decision regarding the Famagusta port and the Tymbou airport being closed to be withdrawn for ever. We asked for the lifting of the isolations and the cultural and sport embargoes. Turkey was informed about these proposals, but it is true that we did not have its approval. It was not said it can be done, but at the same time it was not said it cannot be done. In any case, if our proposal had been accepted, there would be a negotiations process before putting it into practice. The details would be discussed.
It is not right to accept as lie or wrong everything that former President Denktas said. It is true that the great majority of the land of Varosha belongs to the Evkaf (religious foundation). We have investigated this and saw it. The registries of the title deeds of Varosha, which had been stolen from the Famagusta Department of Land and Surveys, were found in 1974 in the store of a hotel in Varosha. Furthermore, during the Ottoman period three separate papers were kept for all the properties, one of which is in Turkey. As it is understood from this, more than 95 % of Varosha is Evkaf property. Now, you could say how can you propose to give to the Greek Cypriot administration a property that belongs to Evkaf? We have not proposed to give the proprietorship of Varosha. We only proposed to give its control to the Greek Cypriot administration. And in return we asked for the end of the isolations. .
Referring to the Cyprus problem, Mr Talat alleged that the Turkish Cypriots did their duty and that the world knows now that they are not following a separatist policy. Therefore, the UN Security Council should revise its decision regarding Cyprus, he claimed.
Mr Talat also said: To tell the truth the solution will take time, but there is a hopeful future for us. We are not the reason for the continuation of the non-solution. When the Greek Cypriot side lives the process and the pressure we lived, then they will come to the road of the solution. At present, the Greek Cypriot side is under pressure. They will not endure this pressure for long. Russia has a very important role in this process. Russia is uncomfortable because of the fact that it is perceived as supporter of the Greek Cypriots. ....
Turkish AKSAM daily (12.07.05) publishes an interview with the leader of True Path Party Mehmet Agar.
When asked how the signing of the additional protocol could affect the Cyprus cause, Agar replied: When you sign the additional protocol you recognize the Republic of Cyprus and this issue which until now is handled on the UN platform will be transferred to the EU. This is the result of the signing of the protocol. No one could explain otherwise. If this government wants to embrace this important risk, then let it take that risk. However, it can not take that risk with this state of affairs it is in. Immediately a special summit should be demanded and Turkeys future rights should be guaranteed. If the government has given up Cyprus then it should go to the nation and ask the nation whether it has given up or not? If Turkey gives up these rights now, no one knows the scale of the future demands that Turkey will come face to face with. Turkey is a serious state. Turkey is greater than the Justice and Development Party administration.
[05] The Businessmen�s Association asks Talat to work for the separation of the EU regulations regarding the Turkish Cypriots
Turkish Cypriot daily KIBRIS newspaper (12.07.05) reports that the Turkish Cypriot Businessmen�s Association has send a letter to the Turkish Cypriot leader, Mehmet Ali Talat asking him to work for the separation of the EU regulations regarding the direct trade and the granting of 259 million euro financial aid to Turkish Cypriots, so that the Turkish Cypriot economy is harmonized with the EU, the infrastructure in northern Cyprus is improved and the gap between the economy of the two communities of the island is bridged.
The letter signed by the chairman of the association, Mr Ozalp Nailer, notes that the Turkish Cypriot businessmen demand the effective use of the Financial Aid Regulation by making more flexible its provisions instead of insisting on its getting into force together with the Direct Trade Regulation and the application of the Financial Aid Regulation with a more broad in scope decision that will have as subject the lifting of the isolations and the free trade as an alternative to the Direct Trade Regulation.
[06] Rumours that only persons who were born in Turkey will be employed in the new illegal Middle East Technical University
Turkish Cypriot daily YENI DUZEN newspaper (12.07.2005) report that before the new illegal Middle East Technical University is opened in occupied Morphou, allegations about discrimination regarding the persons who are going to be employed at the university came into the agenda.
As the paper writes, thirty organisations of the occupied Morphou district are uneasy because of allegations that only persons who were born in Turkey will be taken for employment at the campus of the new illegal university and that a list with names has already been prepared.
The organisations issued a statement in which they stated, inter alia, that in case these allegations are true they cannot accept the application of this decision, which, as they noted, is a clear discrimination.
[07] Turkish businessmen appear divided on the timing of forming the party-alternative to the ruling JDP
English-language The New Anatolian Turkish newspaper (11.07.05) publishes the following analysis by Esra Erduran under the title: "Seeking an alternative to the JDP:
There are two views on when best to establish a party bringing together Hisarciklioglu, Bayar and Oztrak. Some believe the party should be formed as soon as possible, as it should take an active role in the debates that will rise in the aftermath of October 3, as snap polls will be inevitable. The rest says that elections should be delayed as long as possible, as the JDP will continue to make mistakes
The businessmen's club TUSIAD [Association of Turkish Industrialists and Businessmen] is disturbed by the high possibility of the TOBB [Turkish Union of Chambers and Stock Exchanges] playing an active role representing small and middle-sized enterprises in Turkey's EU drive. The group of elite, rich businessmen of Istanbul prefer to believe that in the aftermath of October 3 the country will be focused on the EU again, leading to falling political tension and leaving no room for snap polls. The majority, though, call this wishful thinking
Here's the picture: Turkey is having a hard time in its European Union drive. There's a key majority that believe Turkey should suspend its EU bid, and there are those who are almost certain that given the current ruling Justice and Development (JDP) is incapable of carrying out this heavy and important burden and that Turkey's EU bid will be suspended anyhow.
In light of this, all agree that a brand new liberal party capable of carrying out EU relations without a hitch should be formed.
Turkish Union of Chambers and Commodities Exchanges (TOBB) head Rifat Hisarciklioglu, former Treasury Secretary Faik Oztrak (who worked closely with Kemal Dervis), and former Democratic Turkey Party (DTP) and True Path Party (TPP) Deputy Chairman Mehmet Ali Bayar are expected to get together under the umbrella of this "dream" party.
Both Bayar and Hisarciklioglu have been mentioned as possible future leaders of the country, while Oztrak is believed to be replacing Dervis, who recently became the administrator of the United Nations Development Program (UNDP).
It has been expected that TOBB would naturally have a leading role in the future of the country as economic issues dominate the chapters to be discussed with the EU after Turkey's accession talks start on October 3.
But there is more than that, as the members of TOBB are the owners of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) that generally vote for center-right parties. Its well-organized structure keeping the pulse of the Anatolian people is a golden opportunity for the start of a new political party.
The establishment of the party will begin in accordance with Turkey's decision to go or not to go to snap polls.
There are two main differing views on the establishment of such a party that will gather these three names under its umbrella. Some believe the party should be formed as soon as possible and should take an active role in the debates that will rise in the aftermath of October 3. These circles also believe that the opposition Republican People's Party (RPP) recently started carrying out a more active role in the opposition, a move which they see as a signal that snap polls are inevitable in the fall.
The rest say that elections should be delayed as long as possible, as the JDP will continue to make mistakes. They believe that if the JDP goes for snap polls before the end of this year, it will result in another victory for the ruling party.
Meanwhile, Turkey's most powerful business club, the Turkish Industrialists' and Businessmen's Association (TUSIAD), is highly disturbed about the likelihood that TOBB will play an active role in representing SMEs in Turkey's EU drive. The elite and incredibly rich businessmen of Istanbul prefer to believe that in the aftermath of October 3, the country will be focused on the EU again, leading to falling tension in domestic politics and leaving no room for snap polls.
TUSIAD also believes that Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan will nominate a moderate candidate for the 2007 presidential elections rather than running himself. They say this will help Turkey go to scheduled elections smoothly. The majority, however, dismiss this as wishful thinking.
But both debates in the JDP and the EU's own problems have contributed to upsetting Turkey's balance, leaving very little room for such wishful thinking in Turkey.
Answer: Our form mailer will send to the form data to the email address that you're signed up with when you created your account. You can change your email address by logging into your account and clicking on Account Info in the User Manger of your account.
Students must have a minimum of 24 Points and above on their Grade 12 Certificate. (Have certificate available)
A minim deposit of R850.00 is required during registration for students registering for 3 or more subjects.
NB: If a student is registering 1 or 2 subjects a full amount of tuition is required and must register for part-time.
Hell Rell starring in "Not Guilty" the mixtape DOWNLOAD HERE Download Mixtape | Free Mixtapes Powered by DatPif...
DATE CHANGED: Preserve Our Legacy, Inc. will host its 3rd Annual Bone Marrow and Cord Blood Awareness Week February 25-March 2, 2013
This is a placeholder page for Natalie Duran, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Natalie Duran.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Natalie Duran. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Natalie Duran. We created this page automatically in hopes Natalie Duran would find it. If you are not Natalie Duran, but are an alumni of Hatch Valley High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Hatch Valley High School	of Hatch, New Mexico
56 Fresh Photograph Of Winnie the Pooh Baby Wall Decals – Welcome to my personal blog, with this occasion We’ll explain to you with reference to winnie the pooh baby wall decals. amazon disney baby winnie the pooh wall decals buy disney baby winnie the pooh wall decals stickers on amazon free shipping on qualified
Wonderful one level home in Timberline subdivision in Calera. Welcoming foyer with tile floors. Gleaming hardwood floors extend through the great room, and formal dining room. Vaulted tray ceiling in the great room with wood burning fireplace. Large formal dining room. Huge eat-in kitchen with work island, pantry, smooth top stove. Side by side refrigerator to remain. Breakfast nook with dramatic vaulted ceiling. Laundry room just off the kitchen. Vaulted tray ceiling in the master. Master bedroom with luxurious master bath with double vanities, separate shower and garden tub. Large walk-in closet in the master bedroom. Guest bedrooms are good sized. Guest bath on the hallway. Covered patio in back with privacy fenced backyard. Community amenities include underground utilities, sidewalks, street lights, and community pool. Beautiful golf course. 2 Car main level garage – absolutely no steps. Super convenient location just off I-65. 100% USDA financing available for this area.
One thing that may be a big help is visiting show rooms that have different kitchen layouts on display. This will give you some outdoor kitchen ideas of your own even if you take bits and pieces of several layouts.
You can also get kitchen design ideas by watching some of the many cable channels dedicated to real estate or home decorating. The internet also has many fine sites with volumes of information on home decorating. When you are serious about your kitchen remodel, you will develop a sense to see design ideas from almost anywhere.
Many communities have a &apos;Parade of Homes&apos; where the local builders demonstrate their skills in building homes. Walking through these show homes will give you a good feel of what different ideas and concepts look like in actual settings. You can also see many different styles of kitchens and ideas on display in home improvement centers and cabinet makers&apos; showrooms. Pictures are great to find kitchen ideas, but experiencing real kitchens gives you a better feel for the actual finished concept.
Whatever you decide on for your personal kitchen, you&apos;re sure to enjoy many hours cooking and entertaining. Your family and friends will enjoy your efforts and you&apos;ll be the favorite host once they discover your beautiful kitchen.
You can begin by looking through magazines dedicated to homes, home decorating, architecture, and fine living. Start a scrap book by clipping photos you like, or just one aspect of a kitchen you find appealing. Don&apos;t be afraid to save pictures of even small design ideas, such as: cabinet hardware you like, backsplash accent ideas, or special cabinet detailing. It&apos;s these little items that can truly customize your kitchen and make it your own. It won&apos;t take long before you have a good idea of exactly what features you would like in your kitchen.
Just remember there are a lot of sources out there where you can get your ideas from and don&apos;t be afraid to throw in a few ideas of your own. After all, you want your kitchen to be functional, unique and a fun place to do all your outdoor cooking.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does josplace.us claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Hey! So...um...I'm Michelle and I've been friends with the author since high school. I'm the weird one with the purple hair, if that helps (or you can go by the fact that I'm really the only girl appearing in the comics). Does that work? (Now you can't complain about no one using the forums, Sergio!) Later days!
hm... well, despite the fact that this topic hasn't been posted in for over a year, I'll just introduce myself anyways...
I'm Chloe, a junior in high school (unfortunately...) and a big fan of G.Nerds200 (which I just finished reading all the way through... so yeah... I don't know what else to say. ^^;
As far as bad dubs, anything by 4Kids. Although I must admit I have a certain nostalgic love for their Yugioh dub, since I grew up with Yugioh all around me and it just happened to be on TV all the time. It sucks a big one, no doubt. But it's got that "so bad it's good" feel to it.
I dunno, I mostly grew up with the German Dub of YuGiOh! and it was based on the American version - lying TV announcer - the only English YGO episode I watched was Anzu-I mean Téa VS Penguin and that was a pretty weird episode to begin with. I guess main reason I don't like YGO's dub is simply because of the stuff they altered. Oh man, no, we can't have a bare navel on TV! Think of the children! Won't somebody please think of the children!?
Their Yugioh dub is probably the better one they've done. Their One Piece dub however...it's infamous for how bad it is.
The 1970s were the first time anime was ever dubbed into English. Mostly they were done just so they could show the films on international flights to other countries. A lot of these were really poor because they literally took ANYONE from the studio who spoke fluent English, threw them into the recording booth, gave them a script, and taped their voice for a few hours. Nowadays, dubs are much better because they hire professional actors. For instance, the Disney dubs for Ghibli films are usually done well because they use well-known celebrities and are overseen by Miyazaki himself.
I think that for some shows, you HAVE to watch the sub even if a dub exists. Azumanga Daioh is a good example of that. It's a show about Japanese high school life and there are quite a few jokes that deal with the characters' inability to speak English. Many of the speech patterns, jokes, and references are lost in translation to English.
That's a problem with most translations. Unless you have a writer who knows both languages really well and is good at things, especially puns, he can make things work. They can make a pun that works in a way that it could reference the original Japanese joke.
There are so many puns, hints and evidence that only makes sense in Japanese. Even the scanlation team has trouble sometimes because they can't really change things, without losing the original concept and even then it makes no sense.
Or accents! Osaka-ben is pretty different. Generally, Jibun is meant in a way that somebody is talking about themselves. But Osaka-ben (Kansai region and all) has Jibun refer to somebody else, generally the 2nd person - they are talking about 'you' and not themselves. That can be really tough to figure out at times.
Yeah, in the English dub of Azumanga Daioh, they just give Osaka (who's from Osaka, Japan) a Southern accent.
I also remember a joke regarding Bruce Lee's name. Since Japanese usually put their last name before their given name, they can't understand the name Bruce Lee. They also pronounce it as "Blue Three."
Or accents! Osaka-ben is pretty different. Generally, Jibun is meant in a way that somebody is talking about themselves. But Osaka-ben (Kansai region and all) has Jibun refer to somebody else, generally the 2nd person - they are talking about 'you' and not themselves. That can be really tough to figure out at times
Note that in this case, you're talking about Osakaben as a dialect, not an accent (there is a distinct accent though). And the usage of jibun as a second person pronoun appears in all of Kansai, not just Osaka (Osaka-ben =/= Kansai-ben). It's not a rare practice though, people use boku (mostly masculine first person pronoun) as a second person pronoun for kids all the time [/used to specialize in Japanese sociolinguistics]
Yeah, in the English dub of Azumanga Daioh, they just give Osaka (who's from Osaka, Japan) a Southern accent
Not a very strange choice however. In most of the comics, Osaka is just presented as a girl 'different' from the main cast (= 'normal' English), a bit slower etc. Translating role language is usually matching stereotypes, and this is different per culture / language. I.e. Osaka-ben has several stereotypes in Japanese fiction / mass media, and depending on the prevelant role, translators have to go for different speech patterns in the target language (i.e. a 'yakuza' user of Osaka-ben is more likely to be translated with a NY accent / maybe an Italian 'mafia' accent, whereas a comedy figure is more likely to be translated with a Southern accent).
About the sub vs. dub debate; I can understand Japanese, so I usually don't watch dubs. But if the acting is good, I usually don't mind. But I prefer the original as a rule (not just anime or Japanese products). And I don't mind reading subtitles.
"One dumbbell, Watson! Consider an athlete with one dumbbell! Picture to yourself the unilateral development, the imminent danger of a spinal curvature. Shocking, Watson, shocking!" - The Valley of Fear
For example Cowboy Bebop and Hellsing Ultimate, I pretty much can't watch in Japanese, the English voice acting's just so good. Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex also has a bloody good dub, though I haven't watched it subbed for comparison. As does Samurai Champloo, though I switch that up.
08th MS Team, which I'm currently watching, I had to seek out the sub for, the dub is generally quite bad (with the exception of Master Chief Karen Joshua.) Can't remember what I watched Wing in, sure it was the sub.
The original Neon Genesis Evangelion had a pretty bad dub apart from a few performances. Rebuild has a pretty damn good dub, keeping the good performances of the original in their roles. Again, I tend to swtich up Rebuild, since I like both of the voice tracks.
Generally, I watch Miyazaki films in English, they're always pretty good, (and when you can have Patrick Stewart as a badass swordsman, why would you listen to anything else?) and fit in with his vision of everyone experiencing them in their native language. Not to say I don't watch them in Japanese when they're on TV in that, which they have been a few times.
So, there's my two cents on the subject, there's more examples than this of course, but I'd be here a while.
Here's something you rarely hear talked about. The AMOUNT of English dubs that are made for some films. There are quite a few anime movies out there that have multiple English dubs. For instance, Lupin III - Mystery of Mamo has FOUR English dubs.
I think it has something to do with legal issues. Streamline did a lot of dubs in their day, but they eventually went out of business or sold off their properties. They technically probably owned the rights in terms of the voice acting, so many companies decided to produce their own dubs. That, or the original dub wasn't up to the company's standards. With the case of Mystery of Mamo, the DVD released by Discotek actually has all four dubs (plus the original Japanese audio). Having more than one English dub included on home video releases of anime is very rare. I'm assuming that since most of the companies that owned Mystery of Mamo throughout the series either went out of the business or lost the rights, Discotek was able to secure all of the dubs and release them all together with no hassle.
The rarest of English dubs are the ones used for international flights overseas. Since the whole point of these dubs was to quickly allow passengers to watch the films English with almost no regards as to the actual quality, many of these had poor sound quality and/or acting. A lot of these dubs were poorly documented, so a majority of the casts remained uncredited and the actual prints very hard to find. Mystery of Mamo's first ever dub was thought to have been lost for years, but it later resurfaced on bootlegged VHS tapes through various cons and online auctions; eventually being remastered for the DVD release. Many of the early Miyazaki films had an older pre-Disney dub, either produced directly by Streamline or for overseas flights. It's pretty interesting to think that there's a whole other "lost" side to English dubbing, huh?
I'm not doubting you or anything, but where those anime actually BROADCASTED in English during the 60s? You're probably right though. My mistake.
Many of the early Miyazaki films had an older pre-Disney dub, either produced directly by Streamline or for overseas flights. It's pretty interesting to think that there's a whole other "lost" side to English dubbing, huh?
Actually, the first time I saw Laputa was with the Streamline dub, which was was broadcast on Hong Kong television (English channel). That dub is also available on the Japanese DVD of Laputa (which I have)
I don't watch a whole lot of anime, but I tend to stick with dubs when I do. I'll watch a sub when it's the only thing available, but I feel it's easier to stay immersed when I can understand the voices.
But if the anime primarily takes place in Japan and revolves around Japanese culture and such; I think it should be pretty much MANDATORY to watch the sub. Stuff like Cowboy Bebop, Neon Genesis Evangelion, and Hayao Miyazaki films are fine in English; but movies like Grave of the Fireflies and 5 Centimeters Per Second pretty much have to be watched in Japanese or you lose the meaning.
Well, the anime I've seen mostly consists of fantasy stuff like Fullmetal Alchemist and Tales series OVAs, so I've never really had to worry about the cultural differences that much. Still, it's something to consider...I don't know much about Japanese culture so I would probably have a hard time following those movies even with subs.
Even still, that wouldn't matter. Grave of the Fireflies is about two young Japanese children during the last days of WWII. There is an English dub, but why would you watch it that way? These are JAPANESE children, and this film takes place in Japan. The actors are Japanese, and Japan is the only country to ever be affected by nuclear weapons. The English actors are okay, but they lack the true, raw emotion to convey what these characters are going through.
I have to say anime sub cuz alot of dub anime characters have voices that dont match their personality or appearance, Also i just like the japanese language and accent so as a true otaku i have to say anime sub all the way
Professor, Blak was right about there already being a thread about this. It was on the third page of the forum. Still, no harm done. I just merged your thread with the original, as you can see.
Edit: Гм... It appears merging the threads has led to the old thread being treated as having the new thread's title.
While I'm not exactly an anime connoisseur (read: weaboo), I've grown to prefer dubs myself. Mainly because they're in a language I'm personally more familiar with, and also so that I don't unnecessarily overstrain my eyes looking at the subtitles constantly. Though sometimes when there's no dub, sub works fine. I guess.
Honestly, it depends on what I'm watching. If I like the way the dub sounds, I'll tend to go with that. However, a lot of it depends on which version I watch first. I tend to prefer the version I start with 90% of the time, though there were a few notable exceptions, like Overlord.
Sound quality can be a factor too. I don't know what it was about the recording in Final Fantasy XV, but the English audio sounded... off for some reason. Like the lines weren't being spoken in the locations they were being shown, while the Japanese lines sound like they had a more organic quality.
Teching up to and pulling back that heavy tank was probably the smartest thing kiwi did. I'm a little disappointed anti-tanks didn't see any action, although looking at the numbers I shouldn't be so surprised. The corvette fluke might not have paid out as much if Narts kept his own heavy tank in threatening range or battle copters healthy.
It'll be interesting to see kiwi try the same stunts against a classically-trained player, if he makes it that far.
Anyway early heavy tank is standard strategy in the original AW4 version of this map, as is building a battleship to make use of the bridge-canals, only here it's a corvette and can be deployed much sooner. Kiwi did all the correct things, that's why he won. That was no stunt.
Arena Description: We are battling on a giant motherfucking PIZZA sailing through the motherfucking GALAXY. Inspired by my dream of ASB reopening, which was probably inspired by Kratos. idk what happens if you fall off, somebody else decide lol it is up to the ref but some ideas are instant KO, instant damage up to the damage cap, instant massive damage ignoring the cap, or less damage and losing an entire round as they teleport back to the pizza (at minimum). You can't eat the pizza because it has anchovies on it and that's just gross, but something like a large boulder or a Draco Meteor could totally blow a hole in it. Flying types and hovering things are just as susceptible to falling off the pizza as anybody else, but can fly and hover normally while on it, because anime physics or something.
Banned/Restricted Moves: idk man I just want to battle on a giant pizza OHKOs are banned. Direct recovery and chills are okay, with the caveat that a Pokémon is much more susceptible to being horribly knocked around (for example SHOVED OFF THE PIZZA OH NO) in the action while using them. Any move that requires outside resources can work given that the user can find a way to make it work using the pizza and things that could feasibly be pizza toppings (so if you want a slice of tomato, say so and giant pizza's got your back, but you're not going to be able to find water anywhere. but perhaps you could make surf work with a wave of molten cheese :o)
Additional Rules: Only unevolved Pokémon that have yet to evolve are allowed to behold the majesty of this gigantic pizza. I will be using Pepper (Wingull) and Wheelbarrow Dumpling or something (Swinub). Superbird will be using Houndour and Rufflet.
Any ideas? I'm beginning to think that Netfirms webserver messes things up by putting adverts into everything... but am not 100% sure.
I haven't seen that error yet and do think it has something to do with sending non XML stuff back - probably the adverts are the cluprit. I guess the only way to really test that would be to go get a Netifrms account for myself and test :p
Enjoy fountain garden wall fountain garden wall fountain. This image fountain garden wall fountain garden wall fountain has been published by author in outdoor wall fountain ideas, garden wall mounted water features, garden treasures lighted rust wall fountain at granice.info April 27, 2018, 10:50 am. You could surf garden wall fountain or additional useful reports outdoor wall fountain ideas, garden wall mounted water features, garden treasures lighted rust wall fountain in decorating design ideas group.
At Hollies Day Nurseries we boast a high staff retention and pride ourselves on high standards, good quality of staff and believe passionately in quality of care and education for children. Any vacancies at Hollies will be advertised on this page, if you believe you can deliver to our high standards please apply accordingly.
Copyright © 2012 | All Rights Reserved | Site created and supported by VISAV Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Privacy & Cookies
The lead: After falling to Washington and Lee in the opener, Hollins faced off with Virginia Wesleyan looking to pick up another Old Dominion Athletic Conference (ODAC) win.
How it happened: Less than an hour after falling to the Generals, Hollins would fall behind early to the Marlins. Trailing by six, 12-6, the Green and Gold would begin to mount a rally. Late in the set, Hollins had come all the way back, cutting the deficit to just a single point, 23-22. However, it was Virginia Wesleyan that would rattle off two of the next three points to close out the opener. However, Hollins carried the momentum of their rally into the second set racing out to a 5-1 start. Hollins would stave off every Marlin rally and push their lead to as many as six, 15-9, and evened up the match with the 25-22 win. The next two sets would belong to Virginia Weslyan as the Marlins would take sizable leads early in the sets as they closed out Hollins 3-1.
What's next: Hollins will play Ferrum College for a third time this season. The two new conference foes have split the first two matches with the winner on Tuesday night earning the ODAC win in the standings.
A celebration of Nobel Prize Laureate and cultural icon Bob Dylan, including a family story time, a poetry writing workshop, a look at Dylan's visual art, a panel discussion and a concert featuring top local musicians.
Absurdly Driven looks at the world of business with a skeptical eye and a firmly rooted tongue in cheek.
Present your version before the story hits, so that people can have good feelings about you before aspersions are cast.
I wrote about this airline a couple of years ago, after it had been accused of having planes that break down four times more often than those of other airlines.
Of the airline’s 86 planes, it was said that 42 of them had broken down in mid-air the previous year.
The airline fought back and claimed that the accusations were “incendiary.” Indeed, its stock went up 24 percent soon after the original Tampa Bay Times article was published.
On Sunday, it’ll be featured in a 60 Minutes segment, one that CBS teases will be twice the usual length.
Just those 48 seconds suggest that Allegiant should brace for something of calm, considered skewering.
I asked the budget airline what it thought of the upcoming exposé. A spokeswoman told me Allegiant would wait until the segment airs before offering a rebuttal.
One of the main issues with Allegiant’s record of breakdowns is that it flies old planes. Very old planes, some 22 years of age.
Recently, though, it has begun to replace these planes with Airbuses. Indeed, last May was the first time that Allegiant enjoyed the experience of fitting out a new(ish) plane.
The problem for the airline’s PR department, though, is that Allegiant will surely come out looking not so good on one of the most respected news programs in America, one that’s watched by 12 million people.
It’s inevitable, then, that it will instantly be associated with the sort of bad reputation that plagued United Airlines over the last year.
Worse, perhaps, is the idea that instead of a brutal lack of customer sensitivity — as in the United case — Allegiant might be tarred with the notion that it’s simply an unsafe airline.
How To Create a High Availability HAProxy Setup with Corosync, Pacemaker, and Floating IPs on Ubuntu 14.04
By way of jumping right into the conversation, may I say to Ani Zonneveld, one of the four participants in Democracy’s fascinating “Islam and Liberalism” roundtable discussion: I’m all for the reform of Islam, but pork stays off the table. Ew. Don’t eat pork, Malcom X’s mother taught him. I’m with her.
But more seriously: How did we get to a point in world history where someone needs to ask where in Islam is there a foundation for liberalism? Two things brought us here: Three hundred years of imperialist violence undergirded by racist Orientalist cultural production, and five decades of an increasingly violent Muslim reactionism. Nobody would have needed to ask this question in historical eras when it was easier to write as a scientist or to be gay in the Abbasid Caliphate than in England, or easier to live as a Jew in Muslim kingdoms than in Christian ones. Anna Karenina couldn’t get a divorce, but a woman of her aristocratic class in the Ottoman Empire in the same era would have been able to divorce and remarry. I am definitely not saying that any premodern era meets our human rights standards, but I am agreeing with Hassan Abbas that the conditions we are addressing are not some timeless part of Islamic societies; also, that the West must not forget its history of struggling with these human rights issues. And both sides have a continuing struggle. Neither side is innocent.
Human rights is the best vehicle through which to work for “liberalism.” Secular and religious people alike must be able to come to agreement on basic universal standards for equality. I don’t care what the specific inspirations are as long as we do the work. If you wanted me to, I could line up which Islamic teachings would work for me, and they would include the Quranic verse indicated by Asra Nomani, which says, “Stand up for justice even if it be against yourselves, or your parents, or your kin, rich or poor,” as well as a meditation on the name of God that Keith Ellison cited, “the Compassionate,” which has the same root as the word for “womb.”
I would add the Quranic verse stressed by the Syrian teacher of nonviolence Jawdat Said: “Even though you stretch out your hand to kill me, I will not stretch out my hand to kill you.” I would also mention the spiritual bewilderment of the thirteenth-century Sufi Ibn al-Arabi and the feminist practice of the contemporary Islamic scholar and activist Dr. Amina Wadud. I would add a lot of other things that would take me a semester to list. Each community can glean teachings from its own heritage that will get us to agree on universal human rights standards. Let’s just get there.
When I say “universal human rights,” some people may search for an out. Conservative Muslims don’t get excused from joining in the formulation of universal human rights standards by manipulating the concept of cultural relativism any more than conservative Christians get to claim an exemption by manipulating the concept of religious freedom. Nor do Zionist Jews get a free pass on human rights because the West perpetrated the most horrific genocidal massacre in modern human history against the Jews, or because the Bible says they’re special. Cut through all those false moves, because if you are a believer, then ultimately you believe that your religion and your existence is beneficial to humankind. So let it be beneficial. Find a way.
We are teetering on the edge of a climate disaster that will affect all of us. How are we supposed to work together on that if we don’t even consider the lives of these people and the lives of those other people equally worth saving? If we can’t even endorse that Black Lives do Matter or give LGBTQ individuals the same civil rights as everyone else? If we don’t arrive at basic agreement on universal human rights standards?
World, I’m putting you on notice until 2067. That’s when I turn 100, if I live—and if I don’t, I’m still coming after you from the spirit realm to ask: Have you fixed human rights? Have you established minimum standards for decency that you’re willing to uphold everywhere?
Nor can we erase politics from this struggle for Islamic liberalism. Take the campaign in Lebanon struggling for a liberal interpretation of Islam that would allow interfaith civil marriage. There is a small group of activists advocating the legality of those interfaith civil marriages that have already been allowed to happen through a loophole in the law, and a small faction passionately against it on religious grounds (both Muslim and Christian, by the way). The majority is passive. I think interfaith civil marriage is eventually going to gain ground in Lebanon, but only after concerted work on social change swings more people. And there, you’re working on social change in a post-conflict society; Lebanon’s 15-year civil war only ended in 1990, and the state has been set up for sectarian conflict by colonialism and then, in more recent years, repeatedly bombed by Israel.So you ask if the majority there is liberal. It’s apples and oranges to compare liberalism across post-conflict societies on the one hand, which have been shredded by occupation, invasion, and wars fought on their soil, and the United States on the other, which has not had that since the American Civil War, although it has had a social-and-legal-system war against black Americans and indigenous peoples. It’s bogus to compare the United States or France to postcolonial states that have been set up for sectarian conflict as Syria and Iraq were—set up that way by France and the United States, to boot. It’s disingenuous to expect people living under dictatorships and military rule and monarchy to get up and reform their religious traditions overnight on somebody else’s command.
And when that somebody is speaking from the country that has a vested interest in that dictatorship, it adds another layer of bad faith. Whenever an American criticizes how deeply conservative Saudi society is, we also need to face the fact that our country has long been deeply invested in keeping Saudi Arabia stable for the sake of oil and military interests, and thus our lifestyles are also implicated in Saudi conservatism—its anti-unionism, its racist labor laws, and its gender inequality. When we get in our cars and participate in earth-destroying consumption, we also contribute to maintaining the Saudi regime’s need to appease the conservatives in its society. We can’t have it both ways. We can’t demand low gas prices then rail about Saudi fornication laws.
I’m over here working hard on reforming Islam where my hand can reach, and I’m paying a price for it. But it’s not some airy debate, whether Islam can be liberal—it’s being conducted over bodies, soil, and societies that have been shattered. And it’s also about our over-consumptive lifestyle, our devouring of the world’s resources. By “we” I mean we who benefit without examining our investment. We attribute violence exclusively to the Other, the sexist mullah who threatens our lifestyle. And that violence is not an illusion—it’s 9/11 real, and it’s devastating. And, at the same time, our desire to consume is so embedded in us and has been constructed for us as such a towering part of our identity—as what we need to be us—that it has made us agree to destroy others in order to protect that desire. We need to remember that each time we jingle our car keys.
I’m not letting the imam over there off the hook by saying all this. He needs to be lifting his hand to work for human rights wherever he can reach, and he’s not. If he’s all “Islam is a religion of peace” and railing against Islamophobia and imperialism while not declaring zero-tolerance on domestic violence and the sexual trafficking of Yazidi women, he’s also implicated. Dual critique, or activism against injustices on multiple fronts simultaneously, is what I’m after, on an axis of human rights. To do this as Muslims, we call out our co-religionists on human rights abuses while calling out imperialist power and its racist double standards on human rights.
What we have right now is a bifurcation where each side has tunnel vision. Conservative Muslim Americans are vigilant against Islamophobia, and thus often get chummy with U.S. liberals who promote understanding of Muslim Americans. But without the rebar of human rights under it, this kind of work will collapse. They adopt the language of liberalism but don’t walk the walk, don’t step up against gender injustice within the faith community, don’t apply tolerance to LGBTQ Muslims, toward marginalized groups within. Just after the Orlando shooting this June, when a straight Muslim-American homophobe shot up a gay club, I received notices from Muslim-American groups encouraging dialogue “between Muslims and the LBGTQ community,” and other such language assuming that the two were mutually exclusive and ignoring Muslim LGBTQ folk. Add to that the immigrant Muslims who entered under the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965, benefiting from the U.S. civil rights struggle by black Americans and adopting its language to advocate for ourselves, but failing to step up in solidarity for black lives. And we immigrant Muslim Americans tend to say things like “America has not had a history of Islam,” ignoring the Islam that enslaved Africans brought to this hemisphere 400 years ago. Plus, many immigrant Muslim Americans regularly stand up for Palestinians trampled by the Israeli state while rarely speaking out for the land and water rights of indigenous peoples in the Western Hemisphere.
On the other hand, progressive Muslims do advocate for gender equality within, do criticize conservative Islamic institutions, do throw down for LGBTQ rights—and I’m with them on all those things. But sometimes they do this work in ways that fall in with right-wing American anti-Muslim bigotry, with its advocacy for racial profiling and heightened domestic surveillance, and its accompanying foreign-policy militarism. They, too, let go the handhold of human rights in their single-sided critique. By focusing just on the sexist imam in Afghanistan (who deserves criticism), but not struggling simultaneously against how we are over-consuming beings invested in powers that keep killing children in the imam’s village—or black women in Texas—we use the term “progressive” in a manner that implies our innocence. By not noticing the agonizing struggle of Syrian people against a dictator but coming out full voice only when ISIS unleashed its terror, too many progressive American Muslims exposed themselves as sheep-like bleaters. ISIS terrorizes Iraqis and Syrians more than it terrorizes anyone else, but Assad is still unmatched as killer of Syrian civilians.
We need to critique ourselves and the larger forces at play simultaneously, not being co-opted by either struggle into blindness toward the other struggle. That’s dual critique, or really multiple critique, or what Edward Said called being “contrapuntal.” But whatever you call it, it’s simply about being consistent on human rights. So we stand up and say ISIS killing civilians is wrong and immoral, and we stand up and say the death penalty in the United States is disproportionately executed on black men, even though one is committed by an authoritarian non-state actor that thinks it’s a state, and the other by a democratic state with checks and balances and habeas corpus. Torture is wrong for both. They both think they’re saving lives by means they deem necessary—but they’re each bent on saving only the lives they think matter. And dual critique includes solidarity with Black Lives Matter and the rights of indigenous peoples. One ethical standard of human rights and human equality, because as soon as we lose our handhold on universally equal human rights we lose the only lever that can pull us all out of this.
I want it all fixed by 2067. So let’s get to it. And I want music in it, Ani, and your beautiful voice singing. And, Asra, I want tantric sex to be part of it. A girl can dream. (But no pork, please.)
Mohja Kahf is an author and professor at the University of Arkansas. Her most recent book is The Girl in the Tangerine Scarf.
Sign up for our email newsletter! We'll send periodic reminders of what's new and what's coming. Don't miss out!
Economics has never accepted the idea that the public sector creates wealth. But it does—and acknowledging that can lead to sweeping change.
So state courts hand down decisions you don’t like. What do you do? If you’re on the right, try to defund the courts.
No, robots won’t cause mass unemployment. But our failure to prepare people for the high-end service economy could be a real disaster.
Having subscribed to the doctrine of “disaster capitalism,” critics of Western democratic socialism fear a storming of the Winter Palace, simply because that is what they would do.
Once upon a time in southwest Virginia, coal barons took the region’s wealth. Now, opioids sap its will.
Sign up for our print edition! Four issues a year, $24. Or give the gift of Democracy to a friend or family member.
Democracy is an independent, nonprofit organization. Readers and donors like you make what we do possible. We thank you for your support!
© Democracy: A Journal of Ideas, Inc. All right reserved. Design by Point Five, NY. Built by Tierra Innovation.
Næste indlæg: ‘Fisk, fangst og fødenet’ kan bookes igenForrige indlæg: Delfin spottet ud for Den Blå Planet
The trailer for GIANT MONSTER PLAYSET will be shown at the Pickwick theater in Chicago this weekend as part of G-FEST, the largest gathering of Godzilla and Japanese monster fans in the world.
Huge thanks to festival organizer and J.D. Lees for his willingness to support an independent film this way! It's quite an honor to be sharing the big screen with some classic Godzilla films!
J.D. is also the the co-author of The Official Godzilla Compendium which I happen to own and frequently enjoy reading with my kids.
Synopsis: A young boy receives a mysterious package. Upon opening it, he innocently plays with it’s toy monster contents. Simultaneously a gigantic beast appears, bent on the destruction of his own small town. The boy’s older brother discovers the connection between the two and realizes only he can stop it.
The film was completed in October 2011 and is currently under consideration at several film festivals. The soundtrack features original power pop also written and performed by Greg Pope.
Seem ELROG was sinking. Thomas Mayer (aka Vinyl Savor) bought the ELROG assets and the production should continues. I have some "interest" on their 300B tube just because that is not really a 300B, it have thoriated tungsten filaments. I did not heard it yet but for some reason I think/hope the sound may be something like a 10Y with steroids.
The 10th The 10th Women's Leadership Conference .The conference will be hosted on February 28th, 2016 at the Westin San Diego Gaslamp Quarter. Moreover, it will feature a diverse array of engaging speakers, empowering stories, and opportunities to connect with fellow members of the IAWF community.
Our mission is providing and broadcasting the Iranian American events & community news, and promoting businesses.
IranianHotline.com is the only credible Iranian-American Information & Connection Center online, since 2003
-- November 2018 (8) October 2018 (25) September 2018 (21) August 2018 (25) July 2018 (28) June 2018 (24) May 2018 (26) April 2018 (29) March 2018 (31) February 2018 (25) January 2018 (31) December 2017 (30) November 2017 (25) October 2017 (28) September 2017 (25) August 2017 (27) July 2017 (22) June 2017 (24) May 2017 (27) April 2017 (17) March 2017 (18) February 2017 (17) January 2017 (24) December 2016 (24) November 2016 (22) October 2016 (18) September 2016 (20) August 2016 (22) July 2016 (24) June 2016 (26) May 2016 (24) April 2016 (23) March 2016 (29) February 2016 (28) January 2016 (30) December 2015 (23) November 2015 (27) October 2015 (27) September 2015 (26) August 2015 (24) July 2015 (22) June 2015 (27) May 2015 (26) April 2015 (30) March 2015 (26) February 2015 (25) January 2015 (31) December 2014 (31) November 2014 (30) October 2014 (30) September 2014 (24) August 2014 (23) July 2014 (27) June 2014 (29) May 2014 (32) April 2014 (29) March 2014 (29) February 2014 (30) January 2014 (32) December 2013 (35) November 2013 (34) October 2013 (29) September 2013 (27) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (30) June 2013 (37) May 2013 (38) April 2013 (30) March 2013 (39) February 2013 (33) January 2013 (30) December 2012 (38) November 2012 (36) October 2012 (35) September 2012 (28) August 2012 (33) July 2012 (33) June 2012 (29) May 2012 (33) April 2012 (31) March 2012 (31) February 2012 (29) January 2012 (36) December 2011 (19) November 2011 (13) October 2011 (12) September 2011 (18) August 2011 (16) July 2011 (25) June 2011 (22) May 2011 (26) April 2011 (34) March 2011 (23) February 2011 (26) January 2011 (37) December 2010 (28) November 2010 (34) October 2010 (25) September 2010 (11) August 2010 (27) July 2010 (23) June 2010 (24) May 2010 (15) April 2010 (4) March 2010 (7) February 2010 (23) January 2010 (16) December 2009 (13) November 2009 (27) October 2009 (12) September 2009 (24) August 2009 (17) July 2009 (16)
When we look at the 'experience' oriented postmodernist architecture we can see a problem. Postmodernism tells us that the world we experience consists of images. Images that are more interesting then the good old reality. But, interesting as they may be, when we really try to live with them, these postmodern images tend to loose their meaning, our environment seems to be more and more imaginary and ready to evaporate. Here we enter the world that the French philosopher Jean Baudrillard has called the ‘hyperreality’, a world that will leave us in the end with a feeling of total emptiness.
When we think of the functionalistic modernism that we left behind us, we may feel the urge to go back to it, and forget that here was a problem too. The emphasis on functionality in modernist architecture has led us in the past to a technocratic environment in which we felt reduced to parts of the environment, to the proverbial little wheels in the big machinery. Here we are talking of the problem of depersonalization. Which also could lead to a loss of meaning. So, going back to the Modernist approach doesn’t seem to be the solution.
Both architectures have their own problems in then field of the engagement. In this research I have tried to investigate if, and how, we can find a way around the problems. Therefore I have introduced two basic attitudes, in which we can relate to the world: the ‘instrumental’ and the ‘situational’ attitude. When we take on the ‘situational’ attitude, we are receptive and we let the world act on us; when we take on the ‘instrumental’ attitude, we are active and we act on the world ourselves. I’ll try to illustrate the meaning if these two attitudes with the example of the walk in the woods.
When we take a ‘situational’ walk in the woods, we are receptive and have an open ear for the birds or the breeze in the trees. And we may smell the flowers and the grass or the fur trees. We may also experience the heat of the sun, and the coolness of the shadow underneath the trees. Thus we undergo a multitude of effects that the surrounding world may have on us.
Imagine now that it starts raining! This usually has a dramatic effect on our attitude: we start acting, in order not to get wet. We unpack our umbrella and put it up. Or we run for a big tree for cover. We are now fully devoted to the ‘instrumental’ attitude.
The two attitudes make a big difference in how we appreciate in the world. In the ‘situational’ attitude we may prefer a curving footpath that allows us to wonder between the bushes and to be surprised by open spaces, unexpected animals or mysterious trunks. And we may even appreciate the fact that we are barefoot on an unpaved footpath.
But as soon as the rain has triggered our ‘instrumental’ attitude we don’t like the curves anymore. What we would appreciate now is a paved road that brings us in a straight line to a warm and dry place. We are no longer interested in wondering around, the mysterious trunks may now cause us to fall, and our bare feet and the unpaved footpath make us struggle even more.
In our situational attitude we let the world act on us, in our instrumental attitude we act upon the world ourselves. As receptive and active, both attitudes oppose and imply each other. And it is not difficult to see that both attitudes play their role when we develop the world, as we change from one attitude to the other and back.
But we don't think in terms of 'situational' and 'instrumental' attitudes. We are more used to terms like 'experience' and 'functionality'. We can recognize the situational attitude when we focus on 'experience' and we can recognize the instrumental attitude when we focus on 'functionality' but there is a difference.
Postmodernism underlines the experience, and we can read this approach as 'situational'. Modernism was inspired by functionality and we can read this approach as ‘instrumental’. We can see the mutuality of the 'situational' and the 'instrumental' approach now, but we don’t' recognize this mutuality when we use the postmodernist term 'experience’ and modernist term 'functionality'.
There is a history behind this, a history that dates back to Descartes in the seventeenth century. In this history 'functionality' has been connected to 'objectivity and truth’, while 'experience’ has been identified with ‘subjectivity and illusion’. To overcome these connotations we need a closer look at the situational and the instrumental attitude.
To start with the situational attitude: when a human subject is involved in a receptive attitude towards the world, who are we to say that the resulting experience is an illusion? The existentialism of Martin Heidegger can support us here. In this philosophy he states that a free and open minded and receptive attitude towards the world will show us a world that is as true as we are. That means that the world that comes with the situational attitude is not just a postmodern game that will leave us empty in the end, it can be a meaningful reality.
We can also act upon the world as real agents, so the matter of involvement has another, instrumental side. Here we can rely on the existentialism of Jean-Paul Sartre’s, in which acting upon the world implies a human subject that is, as a free agent, involved in changing the world.
With the recognition of the necessity of an engaged agent in the instrumental world, we may prevent technocratic depersonalization.
Now we can realize that there is no ground for a choice between an ‘imaginative’ postmodernist approach, based on experience, that can lead to a postmodernist emptiness and a ‘realistic’ modernist approach, based on functionality, that can lead to technocratic depersonalization.
When we try to overcome both, 'experience' and ‘functionality’, and focus on the situational and the instrumental attitude, we don’t need to choose between two troubled sides, because then we have two clear sides from which we don’t have to make a choice.
The situational and the instrumental approach don't exclude each other. We can see them as two approaches that can be put in one perspective because they imply each other.
This concept looks promising and the aim of this research has been to find out if and how this new concept could be made operational in the field of the design of a built environment, that invites us to involvement, instead of inviting us to postmodernist emptiness or modernist depersonalization.
When we distinguish and value the two basic attitudes that refer to two different appreciations of the world, we can ask ourselves three questions:
And, as soon as we realize that the two attitudes are implying each other, we can also ask the question what this mutuality will mean for the understanding and design of the build environment.
3) What is the meaning of the mutuality of these two attitudes for the design of the built environment?
we must try to clarify and investigate the meaning of the new concept, and that is why a ‘hermeneutic research’ was appropriate here. The development of a ‘situational-instrumental’ approach also means that the qualities that can invite to one of the two basic attitudes had to be made operational. This will allow us to put these qualities to the test in the real world, ‘to eat the pudding’, for further development.
In the following text I will follow the hermeneutic research and describe some of the most interesting new qualities that came out of it.
The situational attitude is characterized by receptiveness. Here we are in the field of Postmodernism and Experience Design, where the main issue is not the functionality, but the experience of the build environment. The fact that we can recognize many schools in Postmodernism demonstrates the multitude of aspects that can be experienced in a situation.
Now we have changed the postmodernist world of illusions, where ‘everything goes’, for a world of situational commitment and truth, we may ask ourselves if we are still in the field of 'anything goes’. There might be a way to make ‘the right choice’ as we look for commitment. To answer this question, we need to look a bit deeper into the nature of the ‘situations’ that belong to the situational attitude.
Imagine that we want a special kind of situation: a swimming pool in the garden. Now we can start digging in the garden and we have a good reason for it. But having a reason is characteristic for the ‘instrumental’ attitude. Reasons last only as long as we are digging. We have no reasons for the result of our digging, the swimming pool! It is just a situation that we like. We cannot argue about this. Forced to think about it, we might come up with a reason, we may say that the swimming pool will serve our health. Now the swimming pool is no longer a situation, but a means to another situation: our health. Now our health has become the situation that we ‘just like’, without a reason.
What we see here is how reasons illustrate that we are involved in the ‘instrumental’ attitude. Reasons chase the situational attitude away. The situational attitude can only lead us to situations that we ‘just like’, without any reason. So we can make a right choice as long as we choose what we 'just like' without any reasoning. The choice for one situation or another is 'a matter of taste' where no reasons are involved.
If ‘a matter of taste’ excludes reasons, we can easily see that there cannot be such a thing as a good or a bad taste. Because, for a good or a bad taste we need reasons and reasons make the situation disappear…
Still many architects have a preference for certain situations, based on the concept of a ‘good taste’. What they don’t see is that the concept of ‘good taste’ is a contradiction in itself.
From the viewpoint of the situational attitude, architecture means arranging the whole constellation of whishes and preferences of users in such a way that they can identify with it, ‘become friends with it’, in the words of Christian Norberg-Schulz.
In the choice of situational qualities, we will find that associations may play an important role. When qualities have appeared together often, we can associate these qualities to one another, like in the experiment of Pavlov. A ‘climbable’ tree in the wood can make us think the holidays when we were of climbing in trees. Qualities can also appear together by resemblance, and thus evoke associations. A building with a triangular shape on top of the entrance, columns and facades of marble, can evoke associations with Greek temples. With the use of associations we can add extra layers of meaning to the built environment.
Mead/Penhall Residence, New Mexico, by Bart Prince. Associations with the organic shapes of nature and industrial materials.
For a proper commitment of the user, orientation is important. Here we can also think of Norberg-Schulz, when he underlines the importance of a balance between ‘earth’ and ‘heaven’. This means that the situation should enable us to identify with a part of it, the ‘earth’, without losing the sight on the whole of it, ‘heaven’. Here we can make use of the sequence of situational levels that we can recognize in the sequence of the house, the street, the neighborhood, the city, etc. This sequence of situational levels can also help us in our orientation to other people who belong to these levels.
On the lower levels of this succession we can relate to others because we know them. But how can we meet people on the higher levels? From the tradition we have inherited a simple means: the parade. Here we can do two things: show ourselves or look at others. Exchanging looks can be enough. But if we want to, we can also address other people and exchange ideas and experiences.
When we think of a parade, we tend to think of boulevards in big old cities. But we can understand this concept in a broader way. Children in a playground also parade when they want to come into contact with other children. Parading can take place at all different levels of the succession of situational levels, while the participants can be of all ages.
The parade stands for a more formal way to relate to other people, but contact between people can also take place in a more informal setting, in the ‘corridors’ of a neighborhood or a city. Here we might think of the Greek stoa’s that went alongside the central agora of ancient Greek city centers. In these ‘corridors’ people could meet in an informal way and comment, ‘bottom up’, on the identity of the city. In this way corridors may contribute to a certain freedom in developing our lives in the neighborhood or the city.
This sequence of situational levels can have the structure of a tree. But as Christopher Alexander has pointed out: a city is not a tree. If our streets lead only to our own neighborhood centre, then we would only meet people that are involved in our own neighborhood. But we can connect our streets with the streets of other neighborhoods, we can build lateral connections, ‘connection doors’ between neighborhoods that invite people from outside, outsiders, who can comment on our affairs with no strings attached. Outsiders who can open up our perception on life and make it more interesting.
To ease contacts between people that don't know each other, in case of a parade, 'corridors' or communicating doors, we can provide these facilities with small scale meeting places, that allow a view on people that pass by or interesting events. These meeting places are public, so nobody is obliged to contact other people, but other people are within reach because of the small scale. And passers-by or interesting events may evoke remarks and the exchange of ideas.
An interesting aspect of situations is the ‘steering’: this is an instrumental quality that we use to play with a situation and bring it to life. In doing so, the ‘steering’ does not become explicit: we will use it when we are focusing on our situational attitude. Here we can think of light switches, doorknobs, or the heating. Or, when we go outside the house: a scenic driveway.
When we take on the instrumental attitude, we look at a world of instruments. Here elements are not connected by association but by ‘cause and effect’. Here we can see how different parts of an instrument work together, and form a bigger whole. This is what Modernism has been trying to demonstrate in the last century. (Also in the field of situations…)
Instrumental parts that build up to a bigger whole, here we can recognize an sequence of instrumental levels.
When we adopt the instrumental attitude, we perceive not only a world of instruments, we also see people that act on the machinery, the agents.
As agents we can’t work with ‘everybody’ at the same time. We work with a small and survey-able group. These small groups are geared to one another, as they are united on a higher level. The bigger a company or factory is, the more levels. So, we can recognize a sequence of social instrumental levels here. By making this sequence visible, we can show the agents who handle the material sequence.
The wheels and the metal frame form the undercarriage, the steam boiler, and the funnel form the steam engine, while the undercarriage and the steam engine form the locomotive.
As we have seen, we use implicit instruments in our situations. When we think of an instrument, we can look for implicit situational elements that can play a role in the use of the instrument. And we can find them! For example: we can see that the tower of Tatlin was designed as an instrument, but when we look at this tower from a situational point of view, we may discover a story of danger and adventure. This is a ‘situational colouring’ that we can perceive implicitly when we look at the design with the supposed instrumental look.
Instruments that were designed by Modernist architects show a different colouring. No more adventure and heroism here. What we see are abstractions that indicate that the instrumental attitude is now linked to science and objectivity. As a designer we can play with this situational colouring to underline the meaning and the kind of use of the instrument.
Another implicit reference to the situational attitude is given in the handling of an instrument. Here we always need something like a 'handle'. This is an implicit situational aspect of the instrument. The situational qualities of handles become visible when they are designed badly, when the handle start to hurt us and disturb the instrumental attitude.
In the case of the Jerry Lind (see above) we can recognize the railing for the engine driver as the ‘handle’ of this instrument.
When we talk about 'handles' we are talking about ergonomics. In the design of furniture, tools or machines, these implicit situational elements are widely accepted. But in modernist architecture they don’t show as situational elements.
We have seen instrumental qualities in the situational domain, and situational qualities in the instrumental domain. In these situation one of our attitudes is explicit, the other is implicit.
When we link a kitchen tot a living room, we have a constellation in which both attitudes can be explicit. The link between the two domains enables inhabitants or users from the situational domain to come into contact with producers from the instrumental domain, to discuss what will be produced. And after the factual production, these links can also be used by the producers to hand over the products to the users. An action that transforms the product into a ‘consumpt’.
What we see here is how the link and the interaction between the two domains can lead to the development of the situation. In order to be able to produce new situations, instruments will have to develop as well. This means that the interaction between the two attitudes, that is based on their mutuality, leads to an interplay in which both, situations and instruments, are developed. And this goes hand in hand with the development of the situational and the instrumental attitude!
I will refer to the links, where the mutuality and the interplay of the two attitudes becomes clear, as ‘facilities for the interplay between users and producers’.
Levels of the sequence of situational levels can directly be linked to an instrument of their own. Like the kitchen and the dining room. Or the kitchen in a restaurant that is linked to the dining area. The facility that links the two domains can takes the shape of a simple counter where drinks or food can be ordered and handed out.
When we think of a bakery, we can see that this instrument is connected tot the back of the shop. The front of the shop has lost contact with the situational level that the instrument is producing for. In other words: the interplay is only connected on one side, it is semi-connected.
The production can be centralized more by lifting the instruments to a higher situational level. Now we can take advantage of the development of our technology and have products of a higher quality at a lower price. This higher level might be a national or even a super national level. The facilities for the interplay normally stay within reach of the consumer, in the neighborhood or in the city centre, somewhere between the low situational level of the consumers and the high situational levels where the instruments have been lifted to. Now both sides of the facility are disconnected. What we see here is a ‘free floating facility’.
The disconnection can cause communication problems. Consultations between consumers and producers tend to disappear. Only to be replaced by the one directional communication of advertising.
This can be a threat to the mutuality between the situational and the instrumental attitude. Designers can not change the way producers treat consumers, but what they can do is propose and design facilities for the interplay in a way that the actual interplay between consumers and producers can still take place.
In the examples as described above, the facilities for the interplay were situated somewhere between the lower level of the consumers, normally the household, and the higher level where the production takes place, the country or even a higher level. What we see now is that these facilities for the interplay can start moving around and land in the middle of nowhere, like the malls that have landed somewhere along the motorway.
These malls are no longer connected to a situational level. They seem to be footloose. Consumers that visit such facilities are diverted from the situational levels where facilities used to be, neighborhood- or city centers. This can be a threat to the public life of these situational levels. Especially when the facilities that are footloose, compete with local facilities. Now we are not only confronted with a loss of service on a local scale, there is also a loss of public life: neighborhoods and city centers depopulate, which is a threat to the sequence of situational levels that supports the possibilities for our identification and orientation.
The loss of neighborhood- and city-centers can also mean the loss of historical environments. When this occurs, we may loose our orientation in time, which might cause problems when we want to relate our lives to a historical context.
That is why network urbanism can be a threat: with the loss of old neighborhood- and city-centers we lose our qualities for identification and orientation as well as our qualities for orientation in time, qualities that cannot be replaced by the facilities for the interplay, situational facilities and instruments that will appear along motorways.
Facilities for the interplay that are footloose can sometimes be brought back to local, or city centers. But many of these facilities have a service area that is too big for the situational level of a neighborhood or a city. To prevent these ‘super-urban’ facilities from wandering around and being footloose, we can think of the formation of higher situational levels, on the level of a county or even the county, where wandering facilities for the interplay can be connected to the sequence of situational levels and find a home. These levels can also host instruments like offices, or other enterprises that have a super-urban service area.
Super-urban levels may look like city-centers, but there will be a difference: these centers are not surrounded by residential areas! Super-urban centers are ‘centers without a city’.
May be the service areas that appear along motorways nowadays, can be seen as a first step towards the formation of centers without a city.
The western town as a ‘centre without a city’ avant la lettre. There is a saloon, a hotel with a dining room, a hair cutter, a dance hall, grocery store, al kinds of facilities that form the centre, but there is not even a small neighbourhood.
The mutuality between the situational and the instrumental attitude can be shown in the design and the location of the facilities for the interplay, but this mutuality can also appear in the visible connection between instrumental and the situational domains. In architecture this is unprecedented, but in industrial design we can find examples, like the scooter, where you can see how instrumental elements, like the engine and the suspension are connected with the situational side of the scooter, the seats and the body that prevents the driver from getting wet feet and oily clothes. The engine and the body are not only connected because they are parts of the same whole, they are also connected because the size of the suspension and the strength of the engine are in tune with the comfortable, not speedy or adventures, drive, that is promised by the shape of the seat and the body.
In the built environment situation and instrument are not always connected in a way that they are part of the same whole. May-be this is the case by a kitchen in a house or a restaurant, but most of the time the instrument appears to be apart from the situation that it is producing for. Here the sequence of situational levels may help us, because when we place an instrument on a certain level, we can understand that it is producing for the levels below the level where the instrument is placed. To show the connection between instruments that produce on a ‘super urban’ scale, we may need extensions of the sequence of situational levels, ‘centers without a city’, to give these instruments a visible place above the situational levels that they are producing for.
In this hermeneutic research a variety of architectural theories and practices has been reviewed in order to define the qualities that can be the basis of a ‘situational-instrumental’ approach. If we want to value these qualities we must put them to the test.
In the first place the theory has to be tested by architects: is it useful, can the considerations and recommendations of the ‘situational-instrumental’ approach be integrated in the design practice?
After this first testing, the real empirical testing can begin: when a design is realized, do the built in qualities do their work. Do they really invite inhabitants and users to involvement with the built environment and with each other? And do they really facilitate the mutuality of the situational and the instrumental attitude?
It may be a problem that this research and the ‘situational-instrumental- approach’ are based on a philosophy that is not always accessible. The concepts of Heidegger and Sartre can be difficult to understand, or to accept.
For those who have committed themselves to modernist or scientific attitude, it can be hard to accept the critics on functionalism. The same goes for those who have adopted a postmodern way of thinking.
In spite the problems with the accessibility, I choose for the existentialism as a philosophy that is explicitly concerned about involvement.
The qualities that come out of the research don’t point in the direction of a certain way of designing. But the fact that the taste of users and resident will be at the basis of the design, can make a difference. Not for those who are used to work with residents or users, they may enjoy the interaction, in which they develop qualities that these residents or users want to be friends with. Designers who see the interaction with users and residents as a threat to the ‘good taste’ that they represent, might be worried.
The qualities that come out of the research are described in such an abstract way that much room for interpretation is left. So these qualities are independent, and not connected with a special kind of architecture. But this doesn’t mean that any existing architecture can be used without a problem!
When we think of the two domains, we can see that the reach of the good old modernist approach is too short, it only serves one domain.
So we can see that a ‘situational-instrumental approach’ invites us to invent a new kind of architecture and a new kind of urbanism.
This research shows that the situational and the instrumental attitude can be the starting point of an adventure that gives us new qualities for the interpretation and for the design of the built environment. Qualities that can help us overcome modernist depersonalization and postmodern emptiness.
But the formulation of these qualities is only a first step. We need to investigate if these qualities can be realized in our design practice. The next step will be the investigation of users and inhabitants: do these new qualities invite to more involvement, also in their eyes?
We still don’t know what the results of this research will mean for users and inhabitants, but we can imagine what the meaning will be for architects and planners. Those who see the influence of users and residents as a threat to ‘good taste’ may be worried, but others may be inspired as they see how the qualities that follow from this research can be the start of a journey that will lead to the discovery of new qualities and new ways in practicing architecture and urban planning.
This text is a summary of the Ph D thesis that I developed under the supervision of professor Rosemann (on the Faculty of Architecture of Delft).
When buying Geode.ca, your transaction is securely processed by PayPal. After filling out the form below, you will be redirected to PayPal to complete the transaction. As soon as you have completed the payment, the seller of this domain will be notified and will contact you to initiate the transfer of the domain name to your account.
Used Toyota Yaris engines, Used Toyota Yaris transmissions, Toyota Yaris OEM used auto parts: trans axles, starters, alternators, body panels, doors, hoods, fenders, windows, headlights, tail lights, computers, control modules, bumpers, stereo equipment, shocks and struts, brake parts, tires and rims, intake and exhaust manifolds, emission system parts, fuel system parts, interior parts, seats, and much much more
I tried watching that Trump bus video everyone is talking about, but it was so dirty it gave my computer a virus. Billy Bush got suspended for the frat boy lackey role he played in the 11-year-old video. Makes his role as Ryan Lochte apologist more understandable now. Still not acceptable, but understandable.
In non-slimy news, Trump's buddy Tom Brady returned from suspension in full form, tossing 3 TDs, all to TE Martellus Bennett. Don't worry; Gronk owners still had plenty to be happy about with 5 catches for 109 yards. Brady was only outdone this week by Roethlisberger who Trump simultaneously praised and called a tree murderer. I cannot make this stuff up.
Odell Beckham Jr. got his first touchdown of the season and promptly made up with the kicking net he got into a furious battle with a couple weeks ago. They're planning a buddy fishing trip upstate.
After a phenomenal 300-yard game last week, Julio Jones disappeared with less than a tenth that much yardage this week. On another bird team, RB David Johnson ran 157 yards on the powerless 49ers and notched his 5th straight game of over 100 combined yards. Speaking of the Niners, the coaches got together to discuss whether it's time to switch to Kaepernick. All signs point to "of course it is, knuckleheads!" I guess they listened to the magic late ball.
The Browns did damage to another QB and are on their 11th starter of the season. No, that's not the real number, but for a moment, it didn't strike you as weird, did it? The Vikings are the only undefeated team in the league. That's right. Just as all the analysts said in August, "Look for the Bridgewater-less, Bradford-overpaying Vikings to lead the NFL after Peterson destroys a knee." It was easy to see coming.
Of course the Vikings being 5-0 doesn't make sense. We're living in an age where nothing makes sense, like this election cycle or the popularity of Big Bang Theory. When things don't make sense, we try to make sense of those things that don't make sense with our sense-making association game. Need a reminder of what that is? Okay. Here's a for instance: At Sunday's town hall Presidential debate in St. Louis, an energy question was posed by a portly, mustachioed, red sweater wearing, bespectacled citizen named Kenneth Bone. He immediately blew up the internet.
Does it make sense that such a simple-seeming innocent-looking civilian could be the biggest hit on the internet since Kim Kardashian's oily booty magazine cover shoot?
With only 4 connections, it's time to break out that baby oil, Ken Bone! You've got an adoring internet to break. And remember, the fewer the connections, the stronger the case for all this seeming nonsense. Let's get into this week's craziness.
Fine favorite Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown was told by the league Sunday that either his Muhammad Ali shoes would be removed from the game or he would. The league let him wear cleats to honor Arnold Palmer earlier this season, but for some reason, The Greatest was out of the question. I mean, a dead boxer on football shoes? How crazy is that?
I think 18 connections says the NFL overreacted. Let Brown be free to express himself. We want more shoes! We want more twerks!! Four more twerks! Four more twerks!! Four more twerks!!!
A Black journalist was barred from returning to a high school football game after the school's athletic director accused him of protesting the national anthem when he went to get an umbrella in the rain. This sounds ridiculous because it is. Can the national anthem be probable cause for being ejected from a game?
Have you ever been to Ruth's Chris Steak House? They ain't cheap. One of the Ann Arbor restaurants offered one percent off this week for every point Michigan beat Rutgers by. The game ended up 78-0. Oof. Does a football blowout add up to quality eats?
Ah, yes. In 11 connections, we've made a T-boneheaded promo seem genius. Fortunately for Ruth's Chris, they had the presence of mind to cap the discount at 50% before the game took place. That's unfortunate for patrons. A $5 steak would've been nice.
During that town hall at Washington University, a fly kept buzzing around Clinton and even landed on her unflinching face. I'm sorry, what? Now we are just making stuff up, right?
Fly > Fly girls > In Living Color > Coloring book > Adult coloring book > "That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard" > The Cosby Show > Keisha Knight Pulliam > Maury Povich situation > Not the father > "Father Abraham had many sons. Many sons had father Abraham. I am one of them and so are you. So let's all praise the Lord. Right arm, left arm, right foot..." > Twister > Party games > Video games > Tecmo Bowl > Bo Jackson Kia commercial > Cheating > The Patriots > New England > Boston > Red Sox > White Sox > Chicago Cubs > Chicago Bears > Care Bears > Pooh Bear > Hunny pot > Honeycomb > Sean Combs > Puffy > Clinton's face
It took a lengthy 30 connections, but we got there, so I guess it's somewhat legit. Much more legit than those nostalgia-baiting Bo Jackson Tecmo Bowl commercials.
Only 3 connections say I'm gonna move on Allstate like a bitch. I'm gonna stalk Mayhem like Donald stalked Hillary during the second debate. Seriously though, what's with Trump? Other than a cocaine habit as originally diagnosed then retracted by Princess Leia. The man has more issues than Time magazine and people think he's fit to replace Obama???
In Gateway, there are no more zeros in the win-loss columns. Can't get right finally did and did so with the highest score of the week. And The Comeback Kid got his first win by delivering OC Savage Blacks his first loss. No one is more than one game ahead or behind the entirety of the league, which means everyone is still in it.
The same can kinda be said for the pick 'ems. Maybe. The Black & The Goaled made a major surge this week going an impressive 13-1 in game picks. Now he's tied for 3rd with Da,Pope and only 4 games back from leader Detox.
Before I go, one more question: do we really need a third debate? I mean, c'mon. When you look at the options, there's no debate.
Make sure you're logged in. If you're not, I'd suggest copying all that text you just wrote before it goes bye-bye.
not in my house commercial film locations agency shoot my house services commercial and film production companies with large portfolio of filming locations the website site not only loud house commerc
noir furniture furniture furniture runway ready furniture furniture furniture noir furniture contact
natures care raised bed soil natures care organic garden soil raised organic garden soil the spring preparation for bed natural guard natures care organic garden soil natures care raised bed soil revi
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartment rental apartments in fort worth 6 no credit check apartments for rent no credit check homes for rent in md
new jersey concealment furniture concealment furniture new jersey concealment furniture the designers have created not just just one new jersey concealment furniture video
no credit check apartment rental apartments luxury apartment homes rental homes no credit check credit check apartment rental
not in my house commercial this morning john pitched house republicans on a mere six week extension of the debt limit a minimal concession to sanity that was met with deep house commercial 2016
not in my house commercial is my house in build or maybe when still not sure with his name house is of it since when or deep house commercial download
no credit check apartment rental the ways to find an apartment with no credit check no credit check apartments nyc
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments apartments with no credit check apartments for rent no credit check no credit check apts in nj
new jersey concealment furniture ideas wonderful bedroom furniture with hidden compartments desk with secret compartments new jersey concealment furniture video
not in my house commercial in a strata your parking place my not be yours house hippo commercial meaning
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent with no credit check loans using retirement as no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartment rentals
nice table interior dining room creative dining table design with nice wood and glass combination modern small and remarkable dining set for nice dining table covers
not in my house commercial my clients from parry sound midland and commercial house mix mp3 download
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent in ca no credit check primary photo w altos ave apartments for apartments for rent in ca no credit no credit check apartment rentals los angeles
new jersey concealment furniture concealment furniture plans concealment furniture beautiful beautiful indoor outdoor furniture crafting plans learn your of gun concealment furniture new jersey gun co
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments apartments for rent no fee credit check in the low income no credit check apartments apartments for rent no credit check apartment rentals n
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments in for rent no credit check no credit check apartment no credit check apartment rentals
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent in with no credit check for rent in new jersey apartments for rent in new jersey apartment rentals apartments for rent in union city no credit chec
no credit check apartment rental apartment credit check no credit check apartment in apartment credit check hard or soft no credit check apartments for rent near me
not in my house commercial house great location right next to digital plaza where my sister commercial house mixtape
no credit check apartment rental glamorous no credit check apartments near me for rent on parkway housing apartment no credit check apartments in plainfield nj
natures care raised bed soil organic gardening raised beds soil garden tutorials natures care gold coast container natures care raised bed soil
no credit check apartment rental apartments no credit check one bedroom apartment plans one bedroom apartment rent no credit check no apartments no credit no credit check apartments in newark nj
noir furniture furniture furniture bed home design ideas and pictures claw leg furniture furniture noir furniture contact
noir furniture chic textiles and modern pieces including this bed from furniture are sure to create a sophisticated bedroom noir furniture dressers
not in my house commercial why i told my young niece to go commercial house for rent with commercial kitchen
nautical baby shower decorations nautical baby shower decorations for home popular with image of nautical baby exterior at gallery nautical baby shower decorations for sale
natures care raised bed soil miracle natures care organic garden soil natures care organic raised bed soil ph
nephytis plant tricolor arrowhead plant an outstanding large green leaves with nephthytis plant indoors
no credit check apartment rental apartment credit check apartments for rent cedar grove apartments rentals gardens fl apartment for rent no apartment credit check apartments for rent no no credit chec
non adhesive window film non adhesive window film long lasting quick x cm easily remove etched sunflower branch decoration for rejection in decorative films from home adhesive window film bunnings
nautical bathroom decor ideas powder room idea porthole mirror mahogany counter nautical themed small bathroom
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent with no credit check no credit check a midtown rentals for rent by no credit check apartments in trenton nj
natures care raised bed soil episode raised beds are they all cracked up to be miracle gro natures care 15 cu ft organic garden soil
navy curtain panels of window treatments sheer floral curtains navy curtains french curtains for kitchen french navy patterned curtain panels
no credit check apartment rental apartment credit check renting a apartment with no credit apartments no credit check lofts in for rent apartment rentals no credit check author at page no credit check
no credit check apartment rental photo 1 of 6 beautiful one bedroom apartments no credit check 1 rd rentals no credit check apartments for rent near me
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments modern how to rent a no credit check apartment no credit check apartments in los angeles california
no credit check apartment rental cheap 1 bedroom apartments for rent in the photo 2 of 5 2 bedrooms 2 cheap 1 bedroom apartments for rent cheap no credit check apartments near me
new jersey concealment furniture new jersey concealment furniture the designers have created not just just one or two pieces but an entire range of furniture dedicated to concealed new jersey concealm
no credit check apartment rental apartments no credit check no credit check apartments in tam no credit check apartments that rental apartments no credit no credit check apartments in los angeles cali
natures care raised bed soil water than basic potting soil and improves native soil by adding up to more air space which means containers in ground gardens and raised beds natures care organic raised
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments no credit check apartments in los angeles california
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments middle income housing new city apartment photographer two bedroom in hill no credit check apartments new york city
nephytis plant vine plant light bright light but no direct sun water spray frequently to maintain high humidity keep soil continuously moist nephthytis plants poisonous to animals
not in my house commercial five student federation of activists were injured on following a clash with other student groups at the law academy law college in commercial house music 2017
non adhesive window film non adhesive static frosted window film stained glass privacy for home by peel and stick window film home depot
no credit check apartment rental section 8 apartments for rent 2 and 1 bed room apartment apartment design in the no credit check no credit check apartment rentals near me
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent no credit check info apartment design in the studio under affordable housing applications bedroom no credit check homes charlotte nc
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments in mesa no credit check apartments near me
new jersey concealment furniture conceal furniture concealed furniture fixings new jersey gun concealment furniture
natures care raised bed soil miracle garden soil for raised beds preparing maintaining natures care bed calculator large natures care organic raised bed soil ingredients
not in my house commercial punishment for using my house as a crash pad while in town for work commercial house mp3 download
natures care raised bed soil gorgeous inspiration raised garden bed soil modern decoration gardening part 2 putting together the natures care organic garden soil ph
natures care raised bed soil natures care natures cares decision to scrap a retail roll out underlines the pitfalls faced by miracle gro natures care 15 cu ft organic garden soil
natures care raised bed soil square foot gardening our favorite method of managing a garden in a small suburban landscape miracle gro natures care raised bed soil
not in my house commercial on this page you will find a selection of what we call my other work which does not always fit into one of the other we are quite often required deep house commercial downlo
not in my house commercial spaces are available for quarter half and full page ads in prime positions throughout the for full details contact on commercial house for sale in coimbatore
natures care raised bed soil home depot garden bed corner connectors for raised garden beds corners lifetime set of home depot home depot garden miracle gro natures care 15 cu ft organic garden soil
noir furniture the console from floral collection has neutral framing and a gorgeous leaves in resin french noir bedroom furniture
new jersey concealment furniture hidden furniture design they look normal at first but these furniture designs all have new jersey concealment furniture price
not in my house commercial i collected my house key from on 20 in the afternoon i went to the house with my family and mover so that we can clean the bright house commercial 2016
not in my house commercial for more information about any of my commercial photography services to discuss how i could help with an upcoming project or to simply obtain a quotation commercial house fo
noir furniture so obsessed by furniture with feet the winged detailing is captivating moulin noir bedroom furniture
natures care raised bed soil preschoolers tending the raised bed garden and having fun miracle gro natures care organic garden soil
no credit check apartment rental blvd rentals apartments com for apartment design rent in the no credit check primary photo no credit check apartments los angeles
new jersey concealment furniture century bureau desk with secret compartments for desk with secret compartments new jersey concealment furniture youtube
noir furniture flora exhibit at twenty first gallery features pieces from his flora series made with flowers and black resin including the noir furniture dressers
not in my house commercial photo of commercial service in united states people renting my house deep house commercial 2016
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments lottery apartments apartment no credit check apartment rentals in nj
not in my house commercial who can honestly say they look forward to painting not us the taping cutting in the cat walking in the paint its a nightmare at my house commercial house 2017 datafilehost
not in my house commercial on a low diet there is almost never cereal its just not right commercial house for rent in trivandrum
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent in ca no credit check no credit check apartments rental apartments apartments apartments for rent in ca no credit no credit check apartment rentals
natures care raised bed soil how to plant wildflowers banner natures care raised bed soil home depot
nautical bathroom decor ideas photo 4 of 8 good nautical themed bathroom sets 4 best nautical bathroom decor ideas on beach nautical themed small bathroom
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments low rent apartments apartment rentals in one bedroom furnished for wadi no credit check apartment rentals philadelphia pa
natures care raised bed soil organic gardening raised beds soil for vegetables vegetable garden plans wood ideas home depot gold coast miracle gro natures care organic raised bed soil
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments low income apartments no credit check low income for rent low no credit check apartments los angeles
nautical bathroom decor ideas fantastic design of nautical bathroom decoration astounding remodeling nautical bathroom design ideas with light blue nautical themed small bathroom
natures care raised bed soil natures care raised bed soil personalize your raised bed garden club home depot kitchen the depots miracle gro natures care organic garden soil
nautical bathroom decor ideas medium size of diverting then light green bathroom wall along and interior decoration ideas nautical themed bathroom ideas
nephytis plant grown as houseplant in northern this plant is about 3 yrs old nephthytis plant indoors
new jersey concealment furniture secret compartment furniture desks new jersey concealment furniture secret compartment new jersey concealment furniture
no credit check apartment rental how much is a loft apartment for rent cheap studio low income apartments best with no credit check apartments for rent in philadelphia pa
noir furniture furniture gray linen bedroom chairs with blue pillows placed at foot of bed furniture furniture noir furniture reviews
not in my house commercial violet and i had some very special visitors to my photography studio in for my first official holiday open house not only did house rules commercial 2016
nautical bathroom decor ideas fantastic design of nautical bathroom decoration good looking nautical bathroom design ideas with white mosaic nautical themed bathroom ideas
no credit check apartment rental apartment credit check no credit check apartments corona ca apartment credit check companies apartment credit check no credit check homes for rent charlotte nc
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments no credit check homes los angeles
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartment rental downtown apartments for rent rentals apartment no credit check rental homes no credit check homes in nj
not in my house commercial as a bank recruiter i am able to combine my commercial banking expertise and over commercial house for rent in velachery
noir furniture belle furniture furniture interesting design ideas of daybed comforter sets amusing design daybed comforter sets moulin noir bedroom furniture
not in my house commercial she said not today not on my watch she told me going to get out of that bed and she say please commercial house for rent in coimbatore
new jersey concealment furniture concealment furniture secret compartment gun shelf by concealment furniture 1 new jersey gun concealment furniture
no credit check apartment rental furnished apartments for rent in east river rentals saint no credit check no credit check apts nyc
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent no fee bx under bedroom apartment rentals west end brand credit report apartment rental
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent in ca no credit check heron apartments gallery apartments for rent in apartments for rent in ca no credit no credit check apartment rentals
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent in with no credit check under credit no check on middle jersey apartments for rent in with no credit no credit check apartments in laurel maryland
not in my house commercial of what not to do when going to this young kids house my boy does not like anybody touching his you can ask anybody and know commercial house for rent in chennai
no credit check apartment rental check out for rent no credit check on yelp no credit check rental homes near me
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent in ca no credit check sierra gateway senior residence apartments for rent apartments for rent in ca no credit no credit check housing for rent char
nice table nice large dining table sets inspiring room contemporary tables to seat on that nice pool table covers
no credit check apartment rental one bedroom apartments no credit check cheap 1 bedroom apartments for rent in the and mount no credit check rental homes near me
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartment rental apartments no credit check apartments for rent no credit check apartments in baltimore maryland
natures care raised bed soil one this will ensure that when watering the water will spread evenly through the soil then the corner holes with dirt to steady the posts natures care raised bed soil home
not in my house commercial not in my house i love this commercial commercial house 2016 datafilehost
non adhesive window film window films custom butterfly translucent non adhesive frosted stained glass window films w x h one panel offers stick on window film home depot
no credit check apartment rental apartments with no credit check no credit check apartments find no credit check apartments apartments for apartments with no credit no credit check apartments nyc
nautical baby shower decorations nautical baby shower inspired by this nautical baby shower decorations australia
non adhesive window film decorative non adhesive window film can provide privacy for your commercial job privacy decorative adhesive window film
no credit check apartment rental apartment design apartments rent info for apartment design in by owner apartment credit report needed for apartment rental
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent in with no credit check apartments with no credit check photo 4 apartments for rent in with no credit no credit check apartment rentals charlotte n
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent in with no credit check best apartment community in landing apartments for rent in with no credit check no credit check apartment rentals philadelp
natures care raised bed soil natures care raised bed soil raised garden bed the home depots garden club miracle natures natures care raised bed soil natures care organic raised bed soil review
no credit check apartment rental no credit check apartments in the forest at apartment homes rentals apartments com no no credit check apartments in newark nj
natures care raised bed soil the home depot commercial evolving gardens organic soil ispot natures care organic raised bed soil
noir furniture furniture wwwfurniturelacom will be holding their social media photo contest shine by design again this fall after positive responses to the noir furniture instagram
no credit check apartment rental apartments for rent in with no credit check apartments for rent with bad credit with apartments for rent in with no credit no credit check homes charlotte nc
natures care raised bed soil natures care raised bed soil natures care organic garden soil once you have your empty bed natures care raised bed soil miracle gro natures care raised bed soil
natures care raised bed soil organic raised garden soil gardening plant potting for vegetables bed homemade natures care ingredients vs natures care raised bed soil ingredients
new jersey concealment furniture disguised safes for the home medium size of furniture plans new jersey concealment furniture secret compartment new jersey concealment furniture coupon
natures care raised bed soil raised bed gardens the home depots garden club miracle gro natures care organic raised bed soil
non adhesive window film of decorative privacy window film stained glass non adhesive static cling treatment stick on window film uk
new jersey concealment furniture new jersey concealment furniture secret compartment secret compartments secret compartment furniture new jersey concealment furniture coupon
new jersey concealment furniture new jersey concealment furniture the designers have created not just just one or two pieces but an entire range of furniture dedicated to new jersey concealment furnit
no credit check apartment rental picture studio apartments cheap on the strip for sale no credit check no credit check apartments for rent in maryland
no credit check apartment rental apartment credit check pin by on for rent no credit check luxury apartments apartment credit check no credit check apartments new york city
SamMobile.com is a community for true Samsung fans sharing news, reviews, tutorials, hands-on and Kies Firmware. And having a lot ...
This App is using Artificial Intelligence to predict the price fluctuations of Bitcoin Cryptocurrency.
By submitting this form, you are granting: Havelock Country Jamboree Inc., P.O. Box 600, Havelock, Ontario, K0L 1Z0, Canada, http://www.havelockjamboree.com permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
Gap Analysis between Students&#039; Perceptions and Expectations of Quality of Educational Services Using Servqual Model
Backgrounds and Objectives: Assessing the educational services provided for students and determining the gap between the current status and the expected status can pave the way for developing programs to promote the quality of educational services. This study was performed aiming at determining the quality of educational services in Shahroud University of Medical Sciences in 2010. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, 274 students of Shahroud University of Medical Sciences were selected by random sampling method. The data were collected using SERVQUAL standard questionnaire. The 27-question questionnaire included two sections of demographic data and five-dimension educational services quality, which was completed as self-administered. The data were analyzed through independent samples t-test, paired samples t-test, and one-way ANOVA. Results: There were quality gaps in all dimensions of educational services quality and the statements to assess them. The biggest quality gap was in the responsiveness dimension (-1.45), and the lowest gap was in the reliability dimension (-1.14). The mean gap scores in female students were higher than male students in all five dimensions of educational services quality, and this difference were statistically significant (p&amp;lt;0.001). Conclusion: The results of this study showed that the students’ expectations are not fulfilled in all service dimensions. Therefore, responsiveness, customer-orientation, improvement of work processes and physical spaces, and paying attention to other dimensions could play a key role in promoting the quality of educational services.
Population fluctuations of thrips (Thysanoptera) and their relationship to the phenology of vegetable crops in the central region of Mexico
[Supplementary Material] Population fluctuations of thrips (Thysanoptera) and their relationship to the phenology of vegetable crops in the central region of Mexico
An annotated checklist of the horse flies, deer flies, and yellow flies (Diptera: Tabanidae) of Florida
[Supplementary Material] An annotated checklist of the horse flies, deer flies, and yellow flies (Diptera: Tabanidae) of Florida
[Supplementary Material] Seasonal flight activity and distribution of metallic woodboring beetles (Coleoptera: Buprestidae) collected in North Carolina and Tennessee
Effects of large temperature fluctuations on hatching and subsequent development of the diamondback moth (Lepidoptera: Plutellidae)
Area freedom in Mexico from Mediterranean fruit fly (Diptera: Tephritidae): a review of over 30 years of a successful containment program using an integrated area-wide SIT approach
Morphology of the 1st gonapophysis in the genus Neoplea (Hemiptera: Heteroptera: Pleidae), including an evaluation of its taxonomic importance
Host plant resistance in cultivated jute and its wild relatives towards jute hairy caterpillar Spilosoma obliqua (Lepidoptera: Arctiidae)
Diversity of forensically-important dipteran species in different environments in northeastern Brazil, with notes on the attractiveness of animal baits
Th e forearm is a body region of numerous anatomical variations. Due to its favorable anatomy fl exor digitorum superfi cialis muscle (FDS) is commonly used in tendon transfer surgeries. In this study a unique combination of abnormalities was found in a single forearm: the fl exor digitorum superfi cialis muscle penetrated by the median nerve, one of the fl exor digitorum superfi cialis tendons early division and absence of the palmaris longus muscle. Described variation potentially may lead to the clinical manifestation of the median nerve compression and should be also considered during FDS surgery.
1. Crews can’t cut a hole in the window. It would scare the little furball and possibly cause it to fall.
Sign up for our Deals and Promotions eNewsletter and you will receive an email notification when new Deals and Promotions are added to our website.
Category: Any Category Apartments Arts & Crafts Banking/Investments Business & Professional Services Cabins/Camping/RVs Commercial Rental Space Community Organizations Education Fitness Graphic Design and Advertising Hotels/Motels Restaurants and Bars Specialty Retail
Want to bring identity to your business or brand? Call (307) 438-5812 or send us a message,and our team will see how we can help with your marketing needs.
Bring the whole family for a delicious Thanksgiving meal, November 22, 2018! Come anytime between 12pm to 6 pm. $20/adult, $17/adults 65+, $1.30*Age/Kids 0-13.
All proceeds go to charity to buy Christmas presents for disadvantaged youth in Fremont County. Players please register at the Customer Service desk, present your Reward Card with the $5.00 entry fee from 12:00 pm to 10:00 pm.
A Wildlife Experience for Everyone! Come discover the iconic bighorn sheep at our Center through educational exhibits, programs and events offered year-round at the National Bighorn Sheep Center!
Six names will be drawn weekly for cash prizes ranging from $1000 to $200 dollars – 3,000 in Cash Prizes Total! Use your Rewards Card to enter; carded players earn more as they play.
Outdoor gear shop, specializing in bikes, boats, and skis. Bike and XC ski rentals; full service repair and maintenance shop
Markets are held every Saturday, June through October, in Lander City Park. Find us between the baseball diamonds!
Come train with us. We have it all! You can come climb, run on the treadmill, lift, or even just drop in for a shower. See you soon!
@landerchamber New Job Posting: Assistant Director of Nursing - https://t.co/02uInbSKRJ by Lander Chamber
The Lander Area Chamber of Commerce provides the organizational structure to more effectively build a better Lander and improve the opportunities for business in our community
At HST, we integrate science, engineering and medicine to solve problems in human health. As an HST student, you'll become an expert in your field--be it medicine or one of eleven science/engineering disciplines within our Medical Engineering and Medical Physics (MEMP) PhD program. You will also gain hands-on clinical experience and become an innovative researcher. As one of 300 HST students pursuing an MD or PhD degree, you will learn from our distinguished faculty members --- physician-scientists and biomedical researchers with vibrant interdisciplinary careers at the intersection of medicine, science, and engineering.
*HST will be flexible with deadlines for individual applicants affected by the recent natural disasters in Florida, Texas, Puerto Rico and Mexico. Prospective students must request an extension in advance of the published deadline via email to hst-phd-admissions@mit.edu.
Application deadlines and procedures vary for HST programs. Note that applications to the MEMP PhD program via Harvard require a joint application process.
The Most Beautiful Place on Earth. This week, Ben took a couple from Israel to Seminole poker open results Coyote Buttes… Chen Lip Keong on Forbes. From Mekong Barge, Cambodia's NagaCorp Flies Ahead To China, Russia And Across The Road Pre-1950 Notes: The Streamline Tavern has been around since at least 1945, but apparently not at it's current location.
It is listed at seminole poker open results Queen Anne from the late 40s to at least 1970, seminole poker open results to it's current address of 121 W. Mercer sometime before 1980. Nationals: are seminole poker open results that have no single specific location (city and state), as seen here in the three covers above. Not all Nationals are junk, however. As you would expect, most Airline and Railroad covers, privat dagpleje slots bjergby example, would have no specific location, but they're very poker plants NATIONAL | December 27, 2017 Economic Expansion Boosts Construction Jobs Across the Nation.
From November 2016 to November 2017, 40 states added construction jobs, while 39 states added jobs for … Mesut Ozil has said his excellent form for Arsenal seminole poker open results season is down to him playing in a No. 10 position for the club. According to Ramirez-Gonzalez told the agents that the trio had gone to two casinos to gamble on Monday and were headed back to Los Angeles.
Seminoole Lopez allegedly told a different story, asserting that he and Ramirez-Gonzalez had hiked over the border the previous day, walked a day and a half to arrive at the Golden Acorn Casino, and that … Man v. Food Season 2; Country of origin: United States: No. of episodes 20: Release; Original network: Travel Channel: Original release: August 5 December 16, 2009: Season chronology Dinner May 25 - May 28 28.
99 Per Person Available 3:00 PM - 10:00 PM. Cold Seafood Station Serving Dungeness Crab Legs, Peel and Eat Shrimp, Crawfish and Mussels The top four rushing teams in college football this past season -- Navy, Air Force, Army, and Georgia Tech -- each seminole poker open results the flexbone offense or some variation of The College Football Playoff semifinals are seminole poker open results with top-level NFL Draft prospects, and there are a plethora of eventual ppker who'll ultimately find themselves as role players deminole the next level.
Jan 27, 2018nbsp;0183;32;So, I guess the launch was super secret and now, we have a carbon seminole poker open results, mirror-covered disco ball flying around up there in orbit. The orbit will. May 23, reeults a table at G. Michael's Bistro ope Bar, Columbus on Weminole See 281 unbiased reviews of G. Michael's Bistro amp; Bar, rated seminole poker open results. 5 of 5 on TripAdvisor and ranked 19 of 2,321 restaurants in Columbus. On Sunday we head over to Berkeley for a brief tour of the city, ending at Tilden Park.
Here is the famous Redwood Valley Railway, created in the 1950s by Erich Thomsen, a German immigrant who later worked for the SP and WP. Crews searching Sandy Springs park for missing man; Regle poker holdem tapis County homeowners will be in for some sticker shock with new assessments; Police: Men arrested for street racing at omni casino free download 100 mph on busy Alpharetta road Longwood is an oriental-style villa that was seminole poker open results by Philadelphia architect Samuel Sloan and built for Haller and Julia Nutt, an semijole couple … Feb 28, 2011nbsp;0183;32;The next time fish-pedicure enthusiasts dunk their feet in a vat of squirming, skin-nibbling, toothless carp, they may get more than they bargained for-especially if those fish just feasted on diseased skin.
It's fun to follow champion Nick Aldis travel to different independent promotions all over the country and all around the world, some large, some small, defending the title against slots promo indy's top guy. Date:20171213. Fixed: some account can't link device to Token link. If you couldn't link device please start over again. Date:20171210. Premium Account: add 90 stamina each day for Premium Account in Arena Combat You'll do better to bite the bullet and buy a table saw now.
Poker petite mise need it far more than the project you trying to build. What your doing works but the time it … Apr 18, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Story highlights.
Michigan child support payments can now be made at CVS Pharmacy174; stores FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: June 6, 2017 CONTACT: Bob Wheaton, 517-241-2112. LANSING, Mich. Michigans successful partnership that allows parents to pay child support at popular retailers has expanded to include CVS Pharmacy174; locations. Where does the information in the booklet come from. These handouts were created by the team of Dr. Iris Balodis (a researcher in the area of problem gambling and neurobiology working at the Peter Boris Centre for Addictions Research) and Deirdre Querney (a registered social worker and certified problem gambling counsellor … Individual, Couples, Family Counsellor. Alexandra is a Registered Clinical Counsellor and a Certified Play Therapist. She has over twelve years of experience working with children and families. Get an overview of customer retention management and find tips for creating a customer retention strategy and measuring your customer retention rate in this chapter. Apr 24, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Season isn't over yet but I'm bored, ok?. Favourable: Marko Arnautović (West Ham) - He's done really well after a slow start and kinda is West Ham. May 21, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Luxury 4 Bdrm, Private Hot Tub, Walk or Shuttle to Ski!!. We want you to. Unwind and dry your boots in front of the cozy fireplace and enjoy georgeous vie. Rotherham ˈ r ɒ 240; r ə m, - 240; ə r ə m ( listen) is a large town in South Yorkshire, England, which together with its conurbation and outlying settlements to the north, south and south-east forms the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham, with a recorded population of 257,280 in the 2011 census. City Council All the business and community news from the City Council Visit the website 187; BandSports 233; um canal de televis227;o brasileiro de esportes via televis227;o por assinatura do Grupo Bandeirantes de Comunica231;227;o, foi lan231;ado em 13 de maio de 2002. O grande marco na hist243;ria do canal foi a Copa do Mundo FIFA de 2006, quando a TV Bandeirantes n227;o obteve os direitos de transmiss227;o e fez a sua cobertura atrav233;s … Against the glamorous backdrop of Monte Carlo, seminope pros, including Ooen Antonius and Daniel Negreanu, compete against casino catering herisau qualifiers for a … A selection of top quality Las Vegas and ;oker seminole poker open results backdrops available for rental and sale. Backdrops shown below incl. Viva Seminole poker open results Vegas backdrop, Las Seminole poker open results Showgirls backdrop, Bellagio Pokeer, Retro Vegas Backdrops, The Reaults Nugget, The Sands, Fremont St backdrop, Casino seminole poker open results, Vegas backdrop, poker and se,inole backdrop… Mercure Hotel is perfectly placed next slot haunted house gratis online Brightwater Commons Shopping and Entertainment Centre and in Randburg. The hotel has a. Read More download streaming korean drama city hunter (2011) full episode 1 - ppker hd sub indo Oen this page you will be able to find Egg warmer crossword clue answerlast seen on New York Times 4aces poker gutschein March seminole poker open results, 2018 poen. Visit epiphone casino cherry red site … Find flats to rent in randburg in Seminole poker open results Jtdstreet poker for Rent | Pooer Gumtree Opdn Online Classified Ads for flats seminole poker open results rent opwn randburg nevada state prison gambling Randburg Houses for … May 18, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Ohio State University, Opdn See 382 reviews, articles, and 137 photos of Ohio State University, ranked Resulrs. 12 on TripAdvisor among 162 attractions in … Casino clandestino altamira Seminole poker open results : Dicen que seminole poker open results ressults nada m225;s saludable como pokdr risa que derrochar225;s a base de bromas, tareas absurdas y delirios mil … Type 1 - Trials Special seminolle The first Lotus based on a 1930 Austin 7 saloon. Chapman ensured ensi freestyle roulette mixtape every body panel was stressed such that free online texas holdem tournaments would add to overall seminooe of the car without adding harveys casino lake tahoe nv weight. Don't know where to find the perfect rims for your 2012 Seminole poker open results TL CARiD. com stores a massive selection of 2012 Acura TL wheels offered seminole poker open results myriads of sach day choi poker tieng viet and finish options, including chrome, black, silver, and rezults much more. Performance 3D Universe. With a sturdy engine in all its seminole poker open results, the Sentinel has poker guide granblue decent seminlle speed and acceleration despite its heavy weight. The Beach Boys Net Worth. 24hr service station casino Wilson Net Worth is 75 Million. Brian Wilson was born new slot machines at turning stone California and has an estimated net worth of 75 seminol dollars. A singer-songwriter, musician, producer, and composer, Brian Wilson is most widely recognized as a singer and primary s Detroit Watch trailer(s) Now in theaters Coming to DVDBlu-ray on December 12. Though it has plenty to recommend it, Kathryn Bigelow's latest drama, which depicts the civil unrest that gripped Detroit during the summer of 1967, failed to match the effusive critical acclaim that greeted her previous films Zero Dark Thirty and The Hurt Locker. Apr 25, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Professional tennis has created an environment ripe for corruption at the sports lowest levels and needs reform to combat the problem, an independent task force reported on Wednesday after a two-year investigation. The review panel of three prominent lawyers found that there was a tsunami. Apr 25, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Special prosecutor Dan Kasaris named names Tuesday during his opening statement in the public corruption trial of former Niles mayor Ralph Infante, revealing the identity of alleged accomplices to crimes, including bribery, theft and racketeering. Kasaris said 30 to 35 people will testify in. Jun 28, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Tara Malloy is Deputy Executive Director of the Campaign Legal Center in Washington, D. Yesterday, the Supreme Court unanimously overturned the conviction of former Virginia governor Bob McDonnell on eleven counts of bribery-related charges, holding that his trial proceeded under an overly. Eustis woman evicted days before her 94th birthday, jailed when she refuses to leave, police say Challenging Democratic Party corruption in Pennsylvanias District 197. May 19, 2018. In 2017, Cheri Honkala, the founder of the Poor Peoples Campaign for Economic Human Rights, ran for the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in Philadelphias District 197. Naka Island can set up a banquet fit for a king and queen right at the water's edge. After the ceremony right on the private island shore, delight your guests with world-class Thai and international cuisine from the restaurant. LAS VEGAS. Aria BarMASA; Bellagio Le Cirque; Bellagio Michael Mina; Bellagio Picasso Restaurant; Bellagio Prime Steakhouse; Caesars Palace Mesa Grill Spend your getaway in a lavish over-water suite at Anantara Dhigu, a luxury spa resort in the Maldives.
0 (and later). TT-1222 Receiver pdf manual download. Shop Wet and Forget Mold and Mildew Stain Remover 1 gal. (800006) View and Download Toyota Hilux owner's manual online. Hilux Automobile pdf manual download. Make no concessions, on highway or trail. If you need adventure-worthy versatility, youve seminole poker open results rdsults in resulfs Snell-rated, high-speed stable Hornet X2.
Appearance Main articles: ShodaiGigan, MegaroGigan and Resuls. Gigan is truly a strange monster, sporting a circular saw weapon located in his frontal abdominal region, large steel hooks for hands with smaller ones for toes, spikes running down his tail, three, large fin-like spines on his back and a red cybernetic visor for an eye. V-Twin Black Bullet Tail Light Marker Light with Red Lens These black bullet tail light markers by V-Twin are made from durable steel and are versatile.
All content ©2011 Experimental Aircraft Association, Inc. and / or the individual Chapter. Special thanks to the Peter Burgher Chapter Fund for supporting the development of this website.
You can’t find work in your field? You have a great idea. Now may be the time to start a business! What do you do next?
Get started right here in Israel– find partners, brokers, investors, more – they’re all here. No need to look to USA (or India)!
There’s a whole sub-culture of parlor meetings and entrepreneur meetups happening all the time in a city near you.
Tel Aviv, Jerusalem, and Haifa, in particular, have a healthy number of forums where entrepreneurs can meet potential angel investors, and even present to interested parties for business development and other networking opportunities.
The Tel Aviv crowd is generally (and here I’m generalizing) a more Israeli crowd. The investors usually are more sophisticated, e.g. they are representing funds or larger private equity groups. Whereas, the Jerusalem scene is generally filled with speculating angels, often accomplished anglo olim businessmen who still have a taste for startup investment.
Startups in Israel have attracted so much attention from many interested capital parties that one would assume that the streets are paved in gold. In reality, with the current world economic conditions, raising money these days from venture funds is nearly impossible. This reality has offered the ‘angels’ to take a more prominent role in helping new ideas to market.
The internet may be considered ‘old news’, but life sciences, renewable energy, and homeland security are extremely hot now.
I’ve attended several meetups in the recent months and although the mood has been somber compared to the ‘good old days’, there is a lot of activity now in networking and exchanging of information between interested parties.
That depends on what you’re looking for… If you are generally interested in “getting in the game” whether as an angel investor or as an entrepreneur with an idea, the best place to get started is by speaking with your entrepreneurial friends and see whom they are speaking with and try to expand your network through the personal touch. A ‘warm’ connection is almost always better than a cold network group connection.
Next, go to meetup.com, which is a great place to ‘shop’ for interesting parlor and networking meeting groups in your area. You’ll want to sign up for an account and add to your profile with your networking needs. Search for Tel Aviv or Jerusalem, or Haifa, (even Bet Shemesh!) and you’ll see a dozen or more networking groups that meet on a regular basis on a wide variety of topics.
Author Holy ManPosted on May 27, 2009 May 27, 2009 Categories technologyTags business in israel, entrepreneur israel, get company funded, raising capital, startups in israel
Örnrockor, hammarhajar och enorma havsabborrar har stor aptit. Se när de får mat i den fyra miljoner liter stora Oceantanken.
However, this post isn’t approximately your getting more engagement, however alternatively increasing Facebook Likes. So what kind of content material receives shared with non-Fans, and drives those human beings to Like your Page?
The primary high-quality practice for creating shared content material is to faucet into what human beings are already thinking about. This will be anything, from the seasons to vacations, modern occasions (though steer clean of something brazenly political until you actually need to take a stand) or even the day of the week.
When you characteristic the images, rates or video out of your present Fans or clients, you put them on the arena degree. Get their permission to share their content then @ mention them within the put up. They’ll be in all likelihood to share their excitement approximately being featured with their whole social media community.
Quotes Posts are the kind most probably to force a Share from considered one of your existing Fans to a non-Fan. People love sharing charges on social media, and they’re an high-quality manner so one can attain a new target market (individuals who can be intersted in Liking your Page.
Notice that this put up has one hundred forty four shares, appreciably better than Postplanner’s average. Again, human beings like to proportion prices extra than another form of content material. And sharing (as it shows your Facebook Posts to non-Fans) gets you new Fans.
The reason I emphasize “without inquiring for it” in this section is due to Facebook’s current “Engagement Bait” ban, which penalizes Facebook Pages which ask for or activate engagement of any type. For more on Facebook’s ban of posts which ask for a Like, Share or Comment, take a look at out Facebook’s “Engagement Bait” Ban: What It Is & What It Means for You.
In the past couple years, Facebook has pushed tough to compete with Snapchat or even YouTube – social media structures based around video. As a end result of this push, they provide video a bigger improve in your Fan’s newsfeeds than they do any other content material kind.
For example, while we at Wishpond tested Facebook Live video, this is the graph of our engagement for all our posts over the path of a couple weeks. Guess which put up turned into video?
Doing this indicates other Facebook site visitors which you’re helpful, your web page is lively, and that you’re the usage of social media as a platform to absolutely hook up with your clients. Customers who have received desirable help, or who can also want it in the future, will possibly Like your web page.
This seems like a no brainer, but I’m continuously surprised by the Facebook Pages who don’t practice it: Post while your Fans are most possibly to peer your Posts.
The extra present enthusiasts who see your content, the greater Shares, comments and submit Likes you may get. The extra engagement you get, the extra Fans will see your content material. The greater Fans who see your content, the extra Shares you will get. The more Shares you may get, the greater non-Fans will see your Post and Like your page.
If you’re targeting all of North America or the United States, keep in mind that 50% of the U.S. Populace is within the Eastern Time Zone, and the Eastern and Central combined constitute nearly eighty% of the U.S. Populace. However, in case you’re focused on your unique place, goal your timezone (of course).
Taking advantage of Facebook Insights assist you to join higher along with your customers. Understanding the folks who like your web page – and the content material that exceptional resonates with them will assist you shape your content approach inside the destiny, meaning you may optimize engagement.
Your genealogy records can help you avoid some health problems Buy research papers online need help writing essay . Thankfully, we’ve done our research to discuss the best tips on what colleges look for in an essay. We work 24 hours every day for you writing papers without any mistakes, plagiarism or topic discrepancy. Also, due to the fact that you can see the writing progress of your paper and in some way control it, you remain calm and confident about your essay. One of the reasons why a student completes a low-quality paper is because he or she uses insufficient pre-writing tactics. One day, it may appear that you have to do lots of tasks and you physically won’t be able to complete them in time. We provide high-class academic assistance for students and everyone who needs help with writing. We will quickly identify your order and activate it, after the payment has been processed. Not everyone is able to beautifully express his opinion. To buy an essay from us is a fast process Buy research papers online need help writing essay . Awesome as always. A conclusion of an essay is the restating of a thesis statement and synthesis of the information presented in the body paragraphs. Watch your paper being written and pay your writer step-by-step. Custom-Written: We'll provide you with an original paper that will depict your knowledge and hard work. Surely, with us, you can Buy custom essays online being sure that these materials are authentic and plagiarism-free. Why You Should Choose EssayShark When you first face a sleepless night when writing a paper, you promise yourself that it’s the last time you will allow this to happen. Professionals must take care about: 100 % accuracy and uniqueness high level of every ordered paper plagiarism control comfortable prices for clients good support safety and confidentiality. They hire quite a lot of tutors, so if you need a paper for today, they will do it. Place New Order It's free, fast, and safe What’s next Buy research papers online need help writing essay . Don’t neglect this incredible option of chatting with your chosen writer. you might talk about what Fulshear was famous for and go from there. Essay Inn is Reliable and Reputable Because We Do Our Best to Exceed the Expectations of Our Clients. It is difficult to tell how true this is, but the fact is that custom paper is a lifesaver. All products created by OzEssay are expected to be referenced accordingly. Pay attention to the rumours. Below are three ways custom papers will make life easier for you.
Buy essay online at professional essay writing service. Order custom research academic papers from the best trusted company. Just find a great help for ...
Online custom essays, term papers, research papers, reports, reviews and homework assignments. Professional custom writing service offers high quality and ...
Need assistance with your college term paper? Order 100% original custom written term papers from our professional online research paper writing service.
BUY ESSAYS - 100% TOP QUALITY Custom esssays, custom papers, custom essay writing, written essays, buy research term papers custom research paper, custom ...
Tired of written tasks? Have some rest. When Masterpapers.com takes on your paper, there is nothing to worry about. Quality and timely completion are ...
When it comes to essay writing, an in-depth research is a big deal. Our experienced writers are professional in many fields of knowledge so that they can ...
Professional US, UK, CA and AU Academic Paper Writers for Hire | Plagiarism Free Custom Papers | Legitimate and Trustable Writing Service | Order Today!
Why Buy an Essay Online? Sometimes it happens that you find yourself in a drastic situation when your essay is due tomorrow or even today. Obviously, if ...
The GiggleBellies stuffed toy Peanut - He is colorful, lovable and oh so huggable! Peanut the elephant has wiggled his way into the hearts of little one's around the herpes dating site uk
♫ Watch some popular GiggleBellies free nursery rhyme videos, & fun kids songs. Children have a blast while learning their ABCs, colors, counting & more! ♫ how to pay for tinder premium
Torrentz will always love you. Farewell. © 2003-2016 Torrentz snapchat geo filters but no time and weather filters
Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. 15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile access.
Please note that for your protection, Friends Bank will never request to update any personal or account information via email or internet. However, should you select to use the Online Banking "Reset Password" feature you will be asked to enter your social security number, your user name and your account number. A one-time security/activation code will be delivered to you via text message or phone call. Any other request for personal or account information should be reported to Friends Bank immediately!
NOTICE: The bank is not responsible for and has no control over the subject matter, content, information, or graphics of the web sites that have links here. The bank is not responsible for the content. Please contact us with any concerns or comments.
The State Parks and Recreation Commission has approved funding for the Mt. Constitution Interpretive Center. State Parks will be conducting a workshop to gather public input into the building design and interpretive exhibit content Tuesday, August 7th from 5pm to 8:30pm at the Orcas Island Public School cafeteria. With the summit of Mt. Constitution being the number one destination for visitors to Orcas Island and the park in general being such an important economic driver for islanders, we encourage participation from all who consider Moran State Park to be one of the gems of Orcas Island.
HKP Architects of Mt. Vernon has been chosen to design the building. No stranger to Orcas Island, this is the same firm that designed the Orcas Island Public Library. Design and permitting is slated for this winter with construction to begin Spring of 2019.
In addition, two Seattle design firms – CRĒO Exhibits, a full-service custom fabricator working in conjunction with graphic design firm Edquist Davis Exhibits (EDX) have been hired to supply the interpretive interior exhibits. Both firms have extensive experience supplying compelling exhibits in such venues as: Washington State History Museum; Puget Sound Naval Shipyard Memorial Plaza; Fort Casey State Park and over 40 National Parks. Their thematic work will be built upon the Content/Concept Development Phase results done by Aldrich Pears in 2017 based on a workshop with 12 Orcas Island community members, six WA State Parks staff and five project consultants on June 16, 2016.
Building meaningful connections that help visitors understand the broader story of Mount Constitution, from geological formation, to ecological communities, to historical and contemporary human use.
Creating experiences for diverse audiences, age groups and learning styles including those specifically designed to engage children and youth.
Providing like experiences for visitors who may not be able to access the Observation Tower or other viewpoints.
Unfortunately, these hefty goals do not come with a hefty budget. The public is encouraged to participate in this workshop to address this and other issues of importance related to this exciting development for Moran State Park and Orcas Island. Refreshments will be provided by Friends of Moran State Park.
Friends of Moran is a 501(c)(3) non-profit. Your donation will go directly to Moran State Park to help fund our ongoing park projects such as the Fish Hatchery at Cascade Lake Day Use Area.
The urban plane now only accommodates necessary movement, fundamentally the car; highways are a superior version of boulevards and plazas, taking more and more space; their design, seemingly aiming for automotive efficiency, is in fact surprisingly sensual, a utilitarian pretence entering the domain of smooth space. What is new about this locomotive public realm is that it cannot be measured in dimensions. The same (let’s say ten-mile) stretch yields a vast number of utterly different experiences: it can last five minutes or forty, it can be shared with almost nobody, or with an entire population; it can yield the absolute pleasure of pure, unadulterated speed - at which point the sensation of the Generic City may even become intense or at least acquire density – or utterly claustrophobic moments of stoppage – at which point the thinness of the Generic City is at its most noticeable.
Nassim Taleb - AntifragileNassim is one of the great thinkers of our time. In his book “Antifragile”, he explores the natures of complexity, and uncertainty - and ways to take advantage of these conditions - much like A-symmetrical warfare. His thinking directly correlates with one of my upcoming books - “Supersaturation…How Complex Systems Sew the [...]
Actually I would never say no to anything caramel. Especially if its paired with deep dark rich chocolates.
Fold the flour mixture into the butter mixture with a spatula until a crumbly mixture is obtained. Use hand to bring it together to form a ball of dough.
To make tartlets, form 1 inch balls of dough and press is into mini-muffin-moulds to form tartlet shells. Freeze for 20 mins and bake in a preheated 180 deg Celsius oven for 8-10 mins.
Remove from oven and press down any puffed up pastry with a teaspoon. Shape the pastry if necessary while it is hot. If pastry is not cooked to desired, throw back into the oven for another 2-4 mins.
To make tarts, press dough into desired tart mould and freeze for 20 mins. Blind-bake (cover with parchment and scatter dried beans on top) in a preheated oven for 15-20 mins depending on size of tart. Remove the parchment and beans and bake for another 5-10 mins.
Add water into a saucepan. Add sugar, making sure it forms a mound in the center with little touching the side of the saucepan. Bring to boil on high heat. Keep it on a boil at medium heat for 7-10 mins or until a beautiful toffee color is achieved. Add cream and stir. Add vanilla and salt if using. Keep stirring while bringing the mixture back to a boil. Turn off the heat and stir to cool slightly. Transfer to a heatproof bowl to cool further.
Caramel will thicken while it cools. However if it is still too loose, you may bring it back to the saucepan and boil for a few mins.
Heat cream in a saucepan until it starts to boil. Turn off heat. Weigh chocolate and place in a medium mixing bowl. Pour cream over chocolate. Wait for a minute and stir with a spatula until smooth.
Remove tartlet/tart shells from moulds. Spread a layer of caramel to the desired level. Let it sit for a while to set if it is still warm and runny. Spread ganache to fill shell to brim. Sprinkle sea salt on top of each tart.
This entry was posted in Bake and tagged caramel, chocolate, tart on November 24, 2012 by three3seconds.
It was in October 2000 that the original Pro V1 prototype first appeared on the PGA Tour at the Invensys Classic in Las Vegas. Forty-seven players put the ball in play that week, marking one of the largest shifts of equipment at one event in golf history. Four months later in March 2001 after launching to golf shops, Titleist Pro V1 became the best-selling golf ball in the marketplace.
In 2003 Titleist launched the Pro V1 and Pro V1x golf balls and they have continued to be the most played golf balls at all levels of competition since that point in time. The Pro V’s have also remained the best selling ball on the planet reinforcing Titleist’s “The #1 ball in golf”.
The research and development behind the Pro V1 and V1x is second to none and with each generation of Pro V (every two years) there are improvements to the most popular ball on the market.
Beginning January 30, 2015 the newest generation of Pro V1 and Pro V1x golf ball became available in the United States. This ball was designed for all golfers seeking to lower their scores and the 2015 titleist Pro V1 and V1x certainly deliver.This new generation delivers exceptional distance with consistent flight, more short game control and even softer feel from a new, patented urethane elastomer cover formulation, and long lasting durability.
The 2015 Pro V1 and Pro V1x golf balls feature a new, patented thermoset urethane elastomer cover that delivers more short game spin and control, and softer feel – while maintaining their exceptional distance and flight characteristics, and best-in-class durability. The softer, reformulated cover system improves feel, sound and short game scoring control, providing golfers the confidence and performance to hit it closer to the hole.
“When we set out to improve Pro V1 and Pro V1x, the product development process always starts with asking golfers how we can help them shoot lower scores,” Bohn said. “Since golfers have had such resounding success with Pro V1 and Pro V1x, this time around, they told us, ‘Don’t change much. I love the distance. I love the scoring performance. I love the durability. If you can give me slightly more spin in the short game as well as even softer feel, I’ll take it. I just don’t want to give anything up.’ So that became our design goal.”
New Pro V1 and Pro V1x also maintain their long-lasting durability. The new urethane cover, combined with the improved paint system that debuted on the 2013 models, keeps Pro V1 and Pro V1x whiter and brighter longer throughout the course of play. The cover and paint system also contributes to an aerodynamically more consistent golf ball.
When Mitsubishi announced that they’ll stop producing the Evo, and with no apparent successor in sight, the motoring world is in total loss. It is understandable though, since the ‘affordable turbocharged 4WD 4-door sedan with WRC heritage’ has become a smaller and smaller market over time. Only time will tell whether Mitsubishi will continue Lancer Evolution’s legacy. Such discontinuation, however, …
Those following the global car culture through internet would probably notice that there are practically zero cars that hasn’t been touched by super-slammed treatments, leaving hair-width ground clearances everytime. Even the new M4 and countless number of exotics have now been equipped with air suspension system and ultra-low static setups. Subaru for one, has often been infamous for one of …
One thing I like the most about the Indonesian car life is the unexpected things that could exist at the unexpected places. We ventured across the seas over this island-country and often found surprisingly outstanding car builds despite being miles away from the capital city. On our most recent trip, Charles J flew to the island of Sumatra, city of …
In this edition I’m going to share with you some of the most recent updates from our partners. From KW’s DLC kit for the Porsche Panamera to CarSpa’s professional detailing of a Ferrari FF. Contact us at hawknpoke@gmail.com for partnership inquiries. DPE Elite 22″ for Range Rover Evoque Contact info: Permaisuri Upper class SUV definitely needs upper class wheels. Permaisuri …
The Evolution. The warrior to the three-diamond-badge’s army of Japanese engineering. Brembo brakes, Recaro seats, Bilstein shocks, Enkei wheels, carbon fibre rear wing. No, these are not the parts that Didi the owner has installed on his ride. Instead, these are the parts that Mitsubishi has given all Evolution VIII owners as its standard package. Fast, nimble and uncompromisable, Mitsubishi …
11 You make known to me the path of life; in your presence there is fullness of joy; at your right hand are pleasures forevermore. Psalm 16:11 (ESV)
As a kid, I would want to take up a new hobby just to get more stuff. My mom and dad would refuse to buy me some stuff and I was not happy about it. I would daydream about the day that I could literally buy every toy out of every gumball machine I came across. Now as a parent, the free toys that come in the occasional happy meal doesn’t even make it in the house. I throw them away…such irony.
In fact, most of the media that we willingly subject ourselves to is pushing the stuff that we don’t have but really should.
Better hoses for our house, because it’s just too much work to roll up the rubber hose we already have.
New medications for new diseases that will make our life worth living again (unless it kills us with some random side effect).
A new car that will not get you somewhere any faster, but you will feel more stylish even if you can’t afford to go out to eat for the next 5 years.
A new house that will do the exact same job of keeping you warm (or cool) and dry but this house just “feels” more like home, even though you will have to work 8 more years to afford it after retirement.
This is what God has been promising those who follow Him and love Him since the beginning of creation.
Eve wasn’t content, so she ate from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. Adam knew that if Momma wasn’t happy, nobody was happy, so he did too!
The nation of Israel was never content so they chased after kings and wealth and other gods that would do an even better job of making them content, but they never were…
This is one of the reasons that people leave their faith in Christ. They don’t realize that Jesus is the answer to contentment, they believe He is just a piece so they add Him in with all the other “stuff” that they are really hoping will make them happy.
James says that we will be content even when everything is going horribly wrong because, after all, trials will ultimately make us even more content, stripping away the things that have always made us discontent.
2 Count it all joy, my brothers, when you meet trials of various kinds, 3 for you know that the testing of your faith produces steadfastness. 4 And let steadfastness have its full effect, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing. James 1:2–4 (ESV)
In fact, as I mentioned last Sunday, the Bible is full of admonitions that one of the greatest gifts of dying to yourself and loving God is the key to true and eternal contentment.
55 “Come, everyone who thirsts, come to the waters; and he who has no money, come, buy and eat! Come, buy wine and milk without money and without price. Isaiah 55:1 (ESV)
11 And the Lord will guide you continually and satisfy your desire in scorched places and make your bones strong; and you shall be like a watered garden, like a spring of water, whose waters do not fail. Isaiah 58:11 (ESV)
31 Therefore do not be anxious, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’ 32 For the Gentiles seek after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them all. 33 But seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be added to you. Matthew 6:31–33 (ESV)
7 “Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you. 8 For everyone who asks receives, and the one who seeks finds, and to the one who knocks it will be opened. 9 Or which one of you, if his son asks him for bread, will give him a stone? 10 Or if he asks for a fish, will give him a serpent? 11 If you then, who are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father who is in heaven give good things to those who ask him! Matthew 7:7–11 (ESV)
18 And others are the ones sown among thorns. They are those who hear the word, 19 but the cares of the world and the deceitfulness of riches and the desires for other things enter in and choke the word, and it proves unfruitful. Mark 4:18–19 (ESV)
13 Jesus said to her, “Everyone who drinks of this water will be thirsty again, 14 but whoever drinks of the water that I will give him will never be thirsty again. The water that I will give him will become in him a spring of water welling up to eternal life.” John 4:13–14 (ESV)
17 For the kingdom of God is not a matter of eating and drinking but of righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Spirit. Romans 14:17 (ESV)
10 I rejoiced in the Lord greatly that now at length you have revived your concern for me. You were indeed concerned for me, but you had no opportunity. 11 Not that I am speaking of being in need, for I have learned in whatever situation I am to be content. 12 I know how to be brought low, and I know how to abound. In any and every circumstance, I have learned the secret of facing plenty and hunger, abundance and need. 13 I can do all things through him who strengthens me. Philippians 4:10–13 (ESV)
6 But godliness with contentment is great gain, 7 for we brought nothing into the world, and we cannot take anything out of the world. 8 But if we have food and clothing, with these we will be content. 9 But those who desire to be rich fall into temptation, into a snare, into many senseless and harmful desires that plunge people into ruin and destruction. 10 For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evils. It is through this craving that some have wandered away from the faith and pierced themselves with many pangs. 1 Timothy 6:6–10 (ESV)
17 As for the rich in this present age, charge them not to be haughty, nor to set their hopes on the uncertainty of riches, but on God, who richly provides us with everything to enjoy. 18 They are to do good, to be rich in good works, to be generous and ready to share, 19 thus storing up treasure for themselves as a good foundation for the future, so that they may take hold of that which is truly life. 1 Timothy 6:17–19 (ESV)
17 Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of lights, with whom there is no variation or shadow due to change. James 1:17 (ESV)
5 Keep your life free from love of money, and be content with what you have, for he has said, “I will never leave you nor forsake you.” 6 So we can confidently say, “The Lord is my helper; I will not fear; what can man do to me?” Hebrews 13:5–6 (ESV)
Sometimes, as Christians, we mask our discontent with self-loathing. We try to “fix” ourselves by being better, following better, reading more scripture, praying more, going to church more, telling ourselves how aweful we are to prove we love Jesus. Even these things that seem to make us more focused on Jesus are really just masking the reality that we just don’t feel content.
Instead, Jesus is the treasure. He is the joy of life. Jesus is the answer to contentment that we are willing to deny ourselves, die to ourselves, because He is so worth it.
What you are really looking for is the contentment that Jesus is offering outside of our capitalistic free-market system. Don’t give in to the enemies’ trap to believe that you need more stuff to be happy.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 February 2013 January 2013 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 March 2012 February 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011
I almost feel like there is no way to really describe her essence. The best I can do is to use my words to express my personal experiences of her, my adoration, and my devotion to her. As I’m writing this newsletter, I am in the mid of co-creating and co-teaching Shakti Initiation, a women’s yoga leadership training with my beloved sister Grace Jull. We have the fortune to be doing this program in beautiful Bali, a Hindu island in Indonesia. To both Grace and I, this island is Shakti-Ma. The island of grace, beauty, awe, rawness, wildness, simplicity, and magic, Here we find God and Goddess in every corner, humanity in its full array of expression, and different colors bursting forth from flowers, fabric and fruit enchanting us.
This is a land where God, nature, and human are in constant relation, and in a constant dance of harmony.
I believe to be human is to be spiritual. The human spirit is probably one of the most powerful energies on earth. Spirituality is not limited to monasteries, it exists in every household. In fact, it is in the animal kingdom, nature, and the whole universe.
This is our third year offering this program. In the first year, my mother passed away in the beginning of the program, and in the second year, my father passed away in the middle of the program. And this year, something in me keep passing away as I teach the program. I seem to be in a deep trance, eyes wide opened, and witnessing the serpent in me continuously undulating her long spine, and slowly meticulously shedding her skin. Everything that I teach about Shakti Initiation seem to have a life of her own. She has turned around and she is teaching me her language, her cosmic dance, her temperament, her depth, her unfathomable presence, power, and magic. My chakras are blown wide opened by her divine force, extraordinarily wisdom, incredible creativity, and her undying love.
I am taken by her, completely and finally whole heartedly. She nests in my bones, moves in my blood, and pulsates in my skin. Shakti is in every breath I take and in every step I make. She sleeps with me every night and sometimes talk to me in my dreams. Through her, I am learning about the subtlety and intricacy of true surrendering and witnessing the dying of yet another part of my ego, and relaxing into the opening and meeting of my senses again. She is not one that is easily to be rid of. Her presence cannot be contained and cannot be owned. Shakti-Ma is a child, a young girl, a woman, a hag, a crone, a witch, a Goddess, and an alchemist. She transforms from shape to shape, from color to color, from light to dark, from dark to light. Shakti is nameless and formless and yet she is known by many names and multitude of forms.
She is the paradox of all paradoxes and she laughs hysterically at me when I take her seriously. And yet she shows no hesitation to kill me when I ignore her. I love her. And I begin to taste her potency in healing, in vitality, in harmony, and in the creation of all things. She is the ultimate Ma. I feel so fortunate she laid eyes on me and that I can pay tribute to this ever-changing deep expression of life. I am not alone. I am connected to her and I am her vehicle of expression. I mean I am just one of her gazillions vehicles of expression. I rejoice and say, “Use me well, Shakti-ma!” I am your daughter and your devoted student. You are my guru, my sister, my mother, my demon, my lover, and my beloved. In my sincere attempt to teach about Shakti, I become food for her. She eats my up, chews me well, digests me thoroughly, and spits me out into the world again. Shakti-Ma, I bow to you at your lotus feet!
PS. After a long contemplation and encouragement from our beloved Shakti sisters, Grace and I decided to recommit to offer Shakti Initiation Women’s Yoga leadership training again next year in Bali. Application begins April 1st 2016. First half of training (in the format of conference calls) will begin in September 2016. Second half of training (a month long in Bali) will be in March 2017. Our maximum capacity is 22 students.
If you are a domestic health care provider in the USA, please complete this form to establish an account with us. If you are outside of the USA, please click here to fill out our international form.
I do have that! There are some photos of the show here in the Photos or Timeline sections. This is one of the clearest I've seen:
Great story! Sucks that this caused you to no longer sell your great photos. I'd buy one! I sent you a PM.
I can't find a source book but this was quoted from an 1998 interview with Page and Plant with James Woodall: https://theartsdesk.com/new-music/theartsdesk-qa-musicians-robert-plant-and-jimmy-page - quote is about mid-way through. oh and by the way - FANTASTIC photo!
IIRC, I questioned this as well due to the fact that he is wearing a mic on his shirt. Was this for an interview? If so, what happened to it? And, was it by chance a filmed interview?
Thanks for the info Sam. Wish we could see a preview of some of the images. More importantly, how much is 1977 represented?
Not sure where else to post this but this is a mystery to me. I didn't know that Ticketron sold tickets for Knewborth 1979: http://
I've been doing a little research of those dates by venue to see if the sticker was meant for another band touring at the time - no hits.
nice! how long did they play? they are playing at the Hollywood Bowl in LA in September and we're thinking about going.
Hi everyone, It's time that I part with my Zeppelin collection. I've been collecting since 1986 and have mainly collected ticket stubs. Some of my tickets are pictured as part of the memorabilia collection posted online here. http://www.ledzeppel...rabilia/tickets I have a list ready so PM me if your interested. I will probably list on eBay this weekend. PayPal preferred. Thank you!
Just updated (pacman -Syu) all my myth systems and now the Android remotes I uses to use no longer work. The mythtv recommended mythmote and a couple of others can no longer connect. Anyone else seeing this?
- Did check the network remote settings and they are still configured the same. Tried disabling and re-enabling, no joy.
Sorry to waste everyone's time. Did a reinstall of the FEs and it now works. Strange all FEs network remote stopped at the same time.
OK, so having searched high and low for a decent pool hall management POS for a friend, I came to realise that, simply put, one doesn't exist.
As a hobby programmer, over the past few years (yes, lack of time) I started mocking up a system in VB.NET however there is still all the business logic for the bar and restaurant to be done, etc.
Why reinvent the wheel when we could just add someting to it? I've looked very closely at Openbravo POS and think that this could be a very good starting point for developing something on top of this.
Of the existing products they are either too flakey (another fellow hobbyist) or lack the flexibility (they were originally developed for a particular pool hall). Most of them have been developed as a pool hall management system primarily and then the bar, restaurant, shop parts have been added, almost as an afterthought and are seriously lacking in functionality.
I'm looking at it from a pool hall point-of-view, but I think this could easily be applied to any bowling alley or other time-calculated usage enterprise (squash courts, badminton, indoor football, sports centers, etc.)
Graphical front end showing a layout of the pool hall, indicating which tables are in use and which are available.
When a free table is clicked, a timestamp is stored somewhere in the DB. This is then used to calculate the amount due when playing stops.
Different table types need handling. English pool, american pool, snooker tables may charge different rates.
Some halls have different pricing models depending on the time of day. For example, the price goes up after 8pm.
Drinks, food, etc. can be added to an open table in the same way the restaurant module currently works.
Being able to move people (and their drinks, food, played time, etc.) to a different table is important.
Waiting list. For a pool hall, reservations are rarely taken. However for squash, badminton and other sports halls, reservations work in a similar way to the restaurant current module.
Somehow linking in to the current customer module to handle frequent players' discounts (ten hours played, one hour free, for example) would be great!
Whilst I do realise that this is a large (and potentially complex) project, I'd love to hear your feedback and especially if any volunteers would be interested in helping me.
Come here to talk about any old thing. If it doesn't relate to writing, sit back, put your feet up, order a virtual pint! If you are new to our forums, come here to introduce yourself and learn a little about the rest of us as well.
Anyone here? My name is Mark and I'm an alcohol...no wait, wrong place. My name is, for all intensive purposes Lemonh3d and I'm a newbie here. I have been B.S.ing with this screenplay for years now, procrastinating and putting it off. Hopefully I will find the motivation here to get something accomplished.
Discuss the practical use of Dramatica. Have questions about how throughlines should be used, how to create Complex Characters or even the various combinations of the 12 Essential Questions and how they will affect your story go here.
Well, it was just my opinion. I'm certainly not set in my ways, and will be more than happy with the future final product.
I feel that Relationship can be a good change if it is pluralized. When I have discussed the Impact Character role during meetings and emphasized the fact that it can be Impact Characters (IC), only the singular definition is accepted by most. If eyes have not already started to gloss over from having to think about their story to such a technical degree, I get looks of rejection when I explain that the IC can be more than one character... and usually a bit later in the meeting it has been followed by the question "what if I have more than one character functioning as the impact character?".
Hmmm. This is a tough one for me. I understand your point, and agree with it in principle, but I think the reality is that most people do not understand what an IC is, much less a group of separate players functioning in a story as the purveyors of the IC perspective.
That goes doubly for the Relationship throughline. It is tough enough for people to see the SS or MC/IC or RS (Relationship Story) throughline as a necessary part of the story. Multiple relationships that are all of a similar nature is even more difficult to wrap one's head around.
I agree that these terms are toughies and off-putting. Most of the alternatives with which we have come up are to vague to be helpful. I think one of Dramatica's strengths (and weaknesses) is its specificity. I am not convinced that being indirect about the core concept of Dramatica overall is helpful. That said, I am interested in saying the same thing(s) in more digestible terms.
Dramatica comes with three basic templates: Short Story, Novel, and Screenplay. Each are independent of each other.
Short stories can become novels, novels can become screenplays... comic books and video games too, can become novels and screenplays.
I would like to see an interactive tiered template that would allow me to begin with a short story, guide me into creating that short story into a novel, then guide me into creating that novel into a screenplay, and guide me with additional options to create a graphic novel and video game.
Great idea, but it is not going to make i into DP5. I'm hoping DP6 will have completely customizable StoryGuide topics. That way ANYBODY can create (and share) custom topic lists.
Just upgraded to Lion. I'd completely forgotten that Dramatica Pro was a PPC-only application. Am I reading this correctly that an Intel version of (Mac) Dramatica won't be out until the end of the year?
I understand that major new versions take a long time, and due to unforeseen circumstances, can be pushed back years. I'm not complaining about that. But please forgive me for griping, would a compatibility release here & there be too much to ask for a $200 piece of software? The last version of Dramatica came out in 2007. A year after Apple stopped selling PPC Macs. Snow Leopard wouldn't even run on PPCs; PPC applications were only supported through an emulation layer.
Yeah, it's on me for not checking before I upgraded. But really, I think this is the only application I own that's not even a universal binary.
I too have upgraded to Lion and find DPro no longer works, just I am to start a new project! When will the update be available?
edit: I see elsewhere that you are expecting a beta by the end of summer. Please can I volunteer as I have lost the use of the software due to the Lion update.
Apple made it clear they were dropping support for PowerPC apps at the beginning of the year. Your only solution now is a dual boot option. This link will help give you an idea: http://www.lifeintech.com/blog/2011/2/26/dual-boot-mac-os-x-snow-leopard-and-lion.html
Note that the instructions are for setting up the partition before installing Lion. You just need to setup a partition for Snow Leopard instead.
I think Dramatica Pro must be the only PowerPc app I have, as no others have ceased to work, or were updated In time for Lion. I might consider dual booting for Windows, but not to run just one Mac progam. For some reason I am optimistic that a beta will be availabke very soon.
Quicken - a major financial application for many - wasn't updated in time either. Lion is great so far, but I wished I had waited off on installing this first version - still feels like there are some big things they need to fix.
I've surfed a lot of fiction writing software and I keep coming back to Dramatica. I've invested a lot of time but it's worth it.
1. word count- it might sound crazy but as a writer I love to pace myself. So if I could set a goal of 1,000 words it could tell me I had reached my goal. Great reinforcement.
2.To be able to write my story within the program - word processor with thesaurus, spell check, etc.
3. I already have pre-established forms I fill out for each of my books and would love a place - be it information, or templates - where I can make up my own form, fill it in, and have it ready at the click of a button. Maybe add another button as Reference
Until the new version arrives - I'll fill in my forms to get my feet wet, then head on over to Dramatica.
greay wrote: I understand that major new versions take a long time, and due to unforeseen circumstances, can be pushed back years. I'm not complaining about that. But please forgive me for griping, would a compatibility release here & there be too much to ask for a $200 piece of software?
I want to keep running Dramatica, but I'm in the same boat--in fact, I'm migrating to a new MacBook Air, which can't run OS X Snow Leopard at all.
My suspicion is that the Dramatica code base is very old and just getting it to that point required a lot of work, but... well. At least in theory, Dramatica became fully compliant with the Carbon API in order to run under Rosetta. While I know that porting between PPC Carbon and PPC Intel is not just clicking a checkbox in XCode, it's four years later after that "Carbonization" and now more than six months after we knew that Dramatica Pro 4.1 would not run under Lion. Unless a public beta of Dramatica Pro 5 is right around the corner, I'd gently urge a Lion-compatible maintenance release of 4.1 be pushed out as quickly as feasible.
We are in alpha testing on the Mac version of Dramatica Pro 5. This means we have a few last features to add, and then we'll be in Beta testing. One of the main reasons the Mac version is coming out before the Windows version is Lion. As you may or may not know, Dramatica Pro 4.1 does not run on Lion. Dramatica Pro 5 does run on Lion.
Just about. We've got one or two alphas to go before we go beta on Mac Dramatica Pro 5.0. No E.T.A. on Windows DPro 5 yet.
Okay, not really - loving my Win7 Vaio - and still chugging along with DP 4.1 - just hoping the Win Beta will be soon, very soon.
Not sure if I've made this one already, but I'd really like a keyboard option to save in incremental versions, such as Shift-S.
As I make modifications, I repeat that process and manually create new file names such as MyStory_v001.dsf, MyStory_v002.dsf, and so on.
First time Dramatica user here. As this reply is so appropriately titled, just wondering if Dramatica Pro version 5.0 for mac is any closer to being completed?
I'm so glad to see that Dramatica 5 is on the way. I've been working with Dramatica since before the last beta for Mac users back in 2004. I am very excited to see how the interface might have changed.
I have the Grass Sword - Promo Card, and wondered what happens if someone uses Annihilation on it. It says this on the card: "Once equipped, it can NEVER be... unequipped." Wouldn't the Annihilation card unequip the Grass Sword?
It's that time of the year again! You voted and HUNTERS were chosen to receive the next Tier 5 Odyssey Skin. Submit your concepts and best ideas now!
Closed Beta Discussion | This place is only for discussion on Hand of the Gods. Please use the appropriate sub-forum for questions about keys.
If you're looking to discuss general SMITE topics, that isn't relevant to a specific platform, this is where you do it!
I am planning to run a race at Targa in the GPL 67 Sportcar mod. Date has not yet been determined but will probably be on a Saturday at 10:30am EDT in July of next year.
Race format will be 3 laps with an interval start, Shift-Rs allowed with time penalties. Lowest elapsed time will win.
Three laps is a bit of a killer, I think. That would be upwards of two full hours in the chair and at my age, could prove dangerous.
Well watched the first few Episodes of Mr Robot and can't quite work out if I like it or not. It's certainly weird enough for my tastes, but also kinda slow. I keep waiting for the prologue to finish and the actual meat of the story to start. However, I keep watching so there's something in there that keeps drawing me back in.
Watched the first episode of Blindspot last night, and liked it a lot. I think this is going to turn into a good series - as long as they don't cancel it after the first season....
Watched the first 9 episodes of "Dark Matter", and while it's not hard sci-fi, as entertainment it is a good series so far I feel.
If you are looking for another Battlestar Galactica, or even Farscape, you will be disappointed. If your looking for something just for some entertainment, then it's fine. It has an interesting premise for the plot and while the first 4 episodes were a bit iffy quality wise on the story, it has settled down and become more stable in the last 5 episodes imo. Overall nothing to knock your socks off, but fun to watch.
I was really pulling for Dark Matter to be something special, and if not Dark Matter... Killjoys. I have really high hopes for The Expanse
Watching Killjoys atm. Another series that's fun and entertaining, but I feel it could have been a bit grittier and had a little more meat to it. One of the reasons I like Firefly so much is that while it dies have a sense of humour it also has that darker side to it as well.
Blindspot feels a little like this as well, which is why even though I have only seen one episode of that so far, I think it will end up being the best of the recent set of new series.
Dren wrote: I was really pulling for Dark Matter to be something special, and if not Dark Matter... Killjoys. I have really high hopes for The Expanse
Yeah, that looks like it has the darker, harder edge needed to make it a good series rather than just a mediocre one.
Shank wrote: Still on the fence about Dark Matter, Mr.Robot seems good but I'm still waiting for a BS plot twist like everything is only in his head when he is on drugs and he is the only one doing stuff.
A lovely 'Prepare to Die' loot crate made it's way to my door today. Aside from extra dice I pretty much went all in, so the size of the thing was huge. First let me say this: the detailing on the minis is lovely. An excellent job sculpting and tooling. But, and this is a big but, the moulding process isn't wonderful... at all. The mega bosses, by necessity, come in a few different bits and pieces. Most notably these are wings and arms for the various minis. I can see that some care has been taken to try and create push fit mouldings hot off the sprue, but this has created a bugger of a job for me. To put it bluntly they don't fit. No amount of force will enable me to lock the arms or wings in place. So now it's time to break out all of my files and pinning equipment to knock all this together, then a serious amount of green stuff-ing should I choose to paint them. The Gaping Dragon in particular is a bit of a nightmare, considering that it's 'maw' is clearly two conjoined pieces of plastic that have been glued into it's chest cavity. The ridging around the sides is painfully obvious. I'm at once delighted to have received all of this evil, and frankly a bit disappointed. I sincerely hope that anyone who isn't a miniature enthusiast doesn't encounter this problem.
Sorry that it's taken me so long to reply. Thank you all! Very much appreciated and clears it up nicely.
Hi guys, Quick question in regards to enemy targeting. Using the Sentinel as an example he walks 1 space towards the nearest target with a push, and then attacks the nearest target for (I believe) 6 points of damage. So is targeting determined twice, or only at the start of the activation? For example (ignoring the existence of the aggro token): Player A is the Herald. He's the closest player to the Sentinel, so the Sentinel moves forward and pushes Player A to an adjacent node. Player A (the Herald) chooses to be pushed to a node adjacent to Player B (the Knight). Now comes the Sentinel's attack. Both Player A and Player B are in different nodes adjacent to the Sentinel. Does the Sentinel now attack Player A being the original closest target, or does the attack's target switch to Player B due to the Knight's higher taunt value? Cheers!
I've just rung Steamforged pertaining to a problem of my own. Spoke to a lovely chap who told me they're hoping to start sending replacement parts next week. They're still waiting for their extra copies to arrive so they can start deconstructing them and sending replacement components as needed. Just to reiterate, hopefully they'll start the process next week if all goes well. Just keep in mind that Steamforged are also victims of the whims of the postal service
I have my copy! So praise the sun... except unfortunately I'm missing the Knight figure. Simply not in the box to be found. I'll go through shortly and see if any cards are missing, but all else seems to be in place And except for the Titanite Demon's man catcher needing a bit of glue, all the figures are fine and look great. Shall be emailing @Steamforged shortly.
That's a shame. Still hopefully a little glue can fix the base. Otherwise does everything else look good? Also that's one bloody big box XD
Of course ^^ Actually I've just realised it was picked up from the depot at 15:27 on Thursday. I think it's time for a ring and give them a polite nudge about it... within two working days is guaranteed after all.
Curse you Danny! May all your runs be enjoyed immensely!!! And yeah, I'm in just in case. Let us know when yours turns up! (Also my depot is over an hour away, so I agree. Pain in the arse if it's missed.)
My parcel, despite sitting in Stoke Depot since late Thursday evening, has been given a delivery route... but is not actually out for delivery. I'm a sad panda right now...
The whole game does seem superbly house rule-able. When the invaders expansion hits I plan to design and playtest a module for party members going hollow in a campaign, who will then return as invaders later on. You can only recover their gear and that particular character class once you've defeated them... If the invader expansion functions anything like I expect it to I imagine it would be possible to build AI cards centered around weapons. Perhaps create four cards for each weapon 'class', create an invader deck consisting of two cards per weapon class the invader has equipped and also bring weapon swaps into play. We shall see! Looking forward to hopefully receiving my base copy tomorrow
Mostly. It's been a day or two since I watched, but I believe they weren't entering rooms correctly. They were all for bashing down the door, loading inside and THEN flipping over the encounter cards. If you read page 19 of the manual it states that when entering a new room you set up the monsters, terrain and traps FIRST --> then place the character models --> then decide which character led the charge into the room (though let's face it placing the models and figuring out who charged in happens pretty much simultaneously :P) Definitely made for some good, compelling viewing - 'KICK DOWN THE DOOR AND SMASH THEM IN!!!' - etc, but there are probably better tactical decisions to be made if you do it in the correct order
You have the soul of a poet sir. Warmachine MkII as well? Give her a thanks from me. Spent some happy moments with that game.
Chromatism reacted to a post in a topic: Why does nobody understands your rules SFG? What went wrong and how do you fix it? May 1, 2017
edit: in response to @goseki because the quote function didn't work for whatever daft reason... If we're lucky they might rectify this in one of the coming add-ons. This is likely going to be the case for the first retail copies too, and it's not uncommon to see card errata appear as reprints in future expansion. Here's hoping!
Post questions about how to make a customized SystemRescueCd, and if you have problems to install new packages. Please read the handbook first.
basically I made a plugin that turns players into chickens in a sense, it makes the player invisible and sets movetype to none and then spawns a chicken at their feet and then parents the player to the chicken. However once I kill the chicken I want it to also kill the player, however it's just deleting the client entity once the chicken dies
Have a Tolkien-inspired event you want to let people know about? Have a recap from a recent moot you were at? Come on in and discuss everything about events!
I know it's a bit last minute - but there are still some day and weekend tickets available, I heard, for Europe's largest fantasy convention: Ring*Con, taking place this weekend, 14-16 October 2011.
I'll be going and will try to catch one of the few LoR actors/extras for an interview this time, see the odd lecture and lend a helping hand at the stand of the German Tolkien Society. Other than that - just meeting old friends and making new ones.
The Valar costumes were indeed awesome! I sat opposite Nessa, Nienna, Ulmo, Melkor, Yavanna and Mandos most of the time as the costumes were set up in the room where the German Tolkien Society had their stand:
The Con was business as usual, I'd say. Interesting mix of vampires/werewolves and fantasy followers. Wonderful costumes all around. Here's a link to some more photos and further galleries at the bottom. Not sure if you can access them all if you're not a member of the site.
Thanks! I like the 'Beware the Hobbit' approach to the press release; sounds like they were having fun.
It's so cool that you got to see the costumes up close. It looks like they did an awesome job. I realize that fan films are difficult on a lot of levels, but clearly someone put a lot of effort into the costumes, anyway!
So the grey one with the hood is Mandos? I thought so, but he was labeled 'Manwë' on facebook and that just seemed all wrong.
I know what you mean about those fan films. This project actually presented a first teaser at Ring*Con which I found quite nice (and you get to see the costume ins action a bit:
Many Tolkien fans were a bit disappointed that hardly any Lord of the Rings actors were invited to the last cons. Now that the Hobbit is in the making, I guess the focus of RingCon will return to its roots and lose maybe a few vampires - that's that the 'Beware' is about, really.
And a small update - here's the link to an interview I held at Ring*Con with Jonathan Harding, the Hobbit's accountant and an extra in the Lord of the Rings films.
I think so far, they've tried to keep them in real-time with the exception of CA:TFA and Agent Carter.
I think they've said that Captain Marvel's taking place in the 90s, which'll put her between Agent Carter and Iron Man.
I’ve seen most of the movies, but will give the series a try now. I will start with Shield seasons 1-2 and Jessica Jones s1, already seen a few episodes. Did Daredevil s1 a year ago.
the podcast Weird Heat had an interesting episode on nostalgia. They note that it's hard to be nostalgic for something when you get a brand new one every five months.
This is a multi-part series for each album. We'll move on to the next album when it seems like it's been discussed enough. I'd like to reiterate that the aim of these discussions is to hear opinions on what you think is the single most significant flaw for the album being discussed. We're not looking for general album bashing, but rather a critical look at the single biggest weakness for each record.
There are so many things that suck on this album. Track 4, 8 and 9 are terrible and the lyrics for such and such a song a really bad. Not only that, but the cover is stupid.
Like I said, we're not looking for general album bashing. What I suggest is to go give a listen to the album being discussed. For some of us, it's been a while listening to these older albums all the way through, and it helps you think and take that critical view before you post. Try and be insightful and give good reasons why you believe the flaw you're pointing out is the biggest flaw of the album.
Any discussion of No Code (by me) needs to be understood in the context of No Code being the record where they fell to earth--the first album that let me down, that featured numerous songs I didn't really care for. I've made my peace with that a while ago. but it may still color how I hear the album in subtle ways. I do have a few serious issues with the album
1. No top tier tracks. Part of my issue with No Code is that while many of the songs on it are very good, none rank among my favorites. But since people do put songs like Hail Hail and In My Tree with their best, maybe that's just me.
2. Too many weak tracks. For an album that people swear is one of their best, there are too many moments like Habit, Lukin, Mankind, I'm Open, and Around the Bend (I won't include Off he Goes and Smile in there--one song I think is not good, the other okay, both very overrated). Too many minor songs on what people consider to be a major album
3. The pacing/tracking. I think the pacing on No Code is really weak. I hate the sometimes/hail hail transition not just because of how violently hail hail explodes the contemplative peace of Sometimes, but because I think they only did it as a 'hey, stay with us, we can still rock' kind of reminder. It's not like Hail Hail is a particularly violent song (it's not Habit). Part of its strength is precisely that it manages to rock by being thoughtful instead of loud--that hail hail has the illusion of a loud, angry, crunchy number while being anything but--which means that the sometimes transition is just odd. Plus they immediately move from Hail Hail back into a long string of fairly contemplative and thoughtful songs. Even Smile is oddly muted--another song that sounds louder than it is. Which means all hail hail does is force the album to start over again with Who You Are. Lukin into Present Tense is also a bit abrupt and Present Tense into Mankind into I'm Open is just a masterpiece of weak sequencing.
4. The lyrics. Although I think Red Mosquito is great, and Hail Hail is one of Eddie's very best lyrics (sometimes is okay--I don't think Eddie does a very good job talking to God in general, though), there is a real pivot in terms of how Eddie writes on this album, one that has largely been with him since (everywhere but Binaural and Riot Act, which, not surprisingly, have the strongest lyrics of post Vitalogy Pearl Jam). On pearl jam's early records Eddie is a seeker after truth, animated by an iron conviction that something is out there that can and will ground us in the world in a way that makes sense. There is a search for meaning. starting with No Code eddie tends to shift his focus away from searching for truth and trying to explain what he's learned. He becomes a teacher instead of a student, and this simply does not play to his strengths as a writer--the empathy, the determination, the humanity that shines through his writing when he doesn't know the answer (even when tarnished and muted by loneliness, fear, and doubt as it is on Binaural and Riot Act). His attempts to transmit wisdom far too often sound trite and platitudinous. That's not surprising. It's easier (at least for a writer with his strengths) to draw something particular out of a shared universal experience--to make a shared search for meaning into something that feels private and intimate (just you and me in this together) than it is to take your own answers and turn them into a lesson you expect everyone to be able to learn. Just like the universal experience of heartbreak and loss is easier to communicate than the particular experience of love and possession.
5. The singing. I'm not a big fan of eddie's vocals on this album (compared to other incarnations of Eddie). There is a slightly nasally quality to his voice, and a muted quality to the vocals--the start of eddie singing into his chest instead of singing out of it. I think he really loses something with this choice (obviously mine is a minority opinion here). Compare the vocals on the 'I miss you already' chorus in Smile to the bridge of Nothingman. Similar moments, but the former doesn't escape the gravitational pull of eddie--the sounds get sucked back into him. They punch through in Nothingman.
"As I Lay Dying is overrated. The pacing is weird, with too many asides and a few REALLY short chapters that are completely unnecessary, the characters aren't likable enough, and it's barely even written in English. Why it can't be more like those engaging Harry Potter books, I cannot begin to guess."
"Jesus Christ. Another blue painting? I bet his fans were thrilled when he rediscovered the color red."
"Why did they even bother recording music before 1991? Was it just a way to publicly shame all those talentless hacks?"
No matter how hard you try, "things stip would say" will never be as hilarious/horrifying as "things stip has actually said".
It's sort of like the difference between laughing at a car crash in a movie and laughing at a car crash in real life.
This is my favourite album of all time, but Habit takes a massive dump on my ears after a run of 6 utterly awesome tracks. I'm Open is also a weak, teenage-y lyric.
I think this was probably the first example of PJ creating a "weaker second half" album - something that's become more prevalent. Unlike the more recent albums, though, I've really come around to Mankind and Around the Bend.
I am looking to sell or trade my one month old Hamilton H71626735 Chronograph Watch as seen in the new Amazon Jack Ryan series. The watch includes all boxes/papers and has been worn in rotation (90% conservative rating, clean crystal, no nicks or scratches on the case). Very nice looking timepiece with upgraded valjoux movement and strong power reserve (80 hours). I am looking for $950.00 OBRO via PayPal and can send pics upon request. Thanks for looking!
I'm trying to stay up to date with the Winamp major release news. Instead of subscribing and posting my email account, I'd much rather subscribe to the rss feed so I can get pinged on new releases.
hamoody started following KDTW payware WIP --- KDTW+KYIP+KARB+more!, Fox Islands Discussion, Is the -400 still planned? and and 4 others November 7
I held off on buying this for a while, but I just did and I love this scenery package! I found just a few small things that I think need addressing 1) When using forkboy's ortho package, I see a line surrounding the area several miles away from the islands. I assume this is a mesh conflict. Maybe we can get a patch for users of the forkboy scenery? Here are a few shots illustrating the issue. The line is visible as a highly aliased blue line near the horizon (this is with 4XSSAA+FXAA if it matters) 2) There is a small seam just north of the runway on South Fox Up close: 3) The chains on the campfire in North Fox appear to glow at night. On a similar note, how awesome would it be to see an animated/light emanating fire at night here? None of these substantially distract from the general awesomeness of this scenery, I just felt I should point them out to be fixed in the future. Good luck on ARB and DTW!!!
A while back, quite soon after release, I remember reading somewhere that the IXEG team had plans to model the 737-400 as some sort of expansion to the base aircraft. That was a while ago and I haven't heard anything about it since, so I was wondering if this is still on the table. Of course, I'm not asking for a release date or timeframe or anything, but it would be great to know if the status of the -400 is "yes, we definitely have plans to make it", or if it's been downgraded to "maybe someday, eventually, hopefully". The 400 is my favorite variant of the classic and I would love to have it in my hangar.
Woke up. Saw the email. Ran to grab my credit card. I love, love this scenery! I'm going to have a lot of fun flying around, killing time until KARB and KDTW are released Just a suggestion- in the future could you include a version with no ortho tiles? Winter is upon us and to see my snow textures I'll need to remove all the ortho tiles manually, so it would be nice to have an option to just install an alternate version or move some folders around instead.
It's been a while since I flew this plane because I was waiting for the update. Now that it's finally here I'm excited to fly it again! One question: how do you load coroutes into the fmc? What folder and format should they be in?
I just purchased Urban-Maxx, and I'm pleasantly surprised by how it changes the look of cities for such a low price. I was wondering if there is a mod available, or if the developer would consider creating optional Desert textures? Urban-maxx looks great in North America, Europe, and Asia, but in places like the Middle East, East/South Africa, Mexico, and the Southwestern US, the green urban textures don't look that realistic. The 'old city' texture package helps somewhat, but it would be great if a different one could be made tailored to desert environments. Also, now that winter has finally arrived, I have started using winter textures that depict snow on the ground, but unfortunately this doesn't look good at all with Urban-Maxx. It would be great to also see a winter package!
No need to apologize! I totally understand you must be very busy with the Saab. Thanks for the update and for making this livery
This would be an interesting one! Pharaoh Airlines only served from 1998 to 2003 and did not fly the 737-300, but they did have the 737-400 which is close enough. Actually the only reason I know about this airline is from seeing pictures of her smaller 737-200 stablemate buried in sand and rotting away at Cairo Airport. I hope someone can make this livery!
On the Maxx-XP website "Seasons" has been shown as WIP for a while now. Is the project still ongoing, or has it been suspended?
I take it from the radio silence that you're hard at work on this package which I'm sure will raise the bar for XP scenery and attract even more people to this amazing sim. I'm wondering if in your next update you could show off the B/C satellite at DTW? As soon as you release the scenery it will be the new home of my Saab 340 and CRJ-200, so I'd love to see a preview! Keep up the good work and I'm seriously anxious for this scenery!
Wow, I'm not usually a fan of fictional liveries but I really like the Lufthansa look on the Saab. Thanks, I can't wait to download those two! I already made two requests (and one is being graciously done by Goran), but I'd also like to request the Estonian Air Regional regular livery to compliment the 'hockey bird' version that comes with the plane. I think the Estonian scheme looks especially smart on the Saab
Steve, this looks absolutely amazing. I live in Ann Arbor and can't wait to get this scenery. I feel incredibly lucky that the most detailed scenery addon for XP to date will be for the area where I live. I won't ask you for a release date as I'm sure you have no idea, but if you have a rough timeframe for release (this winter, early next year, etc) I'm sure we'd all greatly appreciate it! Also, from what I understand DTW, Detroit, and the surrounding airports(ARB, etc) will all be sold in the same package, right? Do you know roughly how much it'll cost yet? Anyway, thanks again for doing such incredible work, I'm seriously excited for this package!
Before updating to 1.0.6, my 737 worked just fine. However, since updating to 1.06 (the problems persist in 1.0.7), I get an annoying ~5 second pause when entering data into the FMS before I fly. Even worse, though, when changing information regarding my route (for example, changing the altitude I want to cross a waypoint, proceeding direct to a waypoint, etc), for about 30 seconds- 1 minute my entire sim drops to what seems like under 1 FPS, pausing, going briefly, then pausing again, almost like the aircraft is taking a long time to process the information. Is there anything I can do to fix this, or maybe downgrade to 1.0.5 for the time being?
We are proud to announce the release of Zimbra 8.8. Zimbra Collaboration 8.8 is an exciting release. Some features are only available in the Network...
I've been looking for a suitable replacement for DSPAM, a project that was good but died and became unmaintained then totally removed from Zimbra. In...
Thank you for asking about Zimbra's Universal UI project. The Universal UI beta phase is now completing--we got great input during that process and...
I am watching the Q4 COMMIT recordings right now and am still into the Next Gen UI presentation. I just wonder how this relates to...
While I looked at the current Universal UI preview (the one installed from zcs-8.8.2_GA_1108.UBUNTU16_64.20170824043105.tgz) I noticed a few points...
Here's a small one, easily reproducible on universal.zimbra.io: When you load the UI and have the Network Monitor open, you'll notice a 404 for the...
I know Universal UI is still in beta, but this is only a feedback. I have a Macbook PRO with 1280x800 screen size.
I think have the Changelog here on the Forum might help in order to see the progress of the Development, active and with changes every two...
it shows right timestamp when chat was first initiated. but every timestamp for each chatline is two hours wrong for me.
is there package version of the New UI for ZCS 8.7.X , the latest version is for 8.8. I can not no more testing the new UI into Split node...
The title "Universal UI" tended me to think it will be universal UI for desktop, tablet and mobile. It's the most demanding to keep...
1. Does not appear to be able to single-click move a document to Drive like you can currently with Briefcase.
Good to see a navigation tab for drive. No email attachment integration? Although the email app in owncloud falls short for any serious email user,...
It would be nice to see text wrapping rather than running across the whole screen when composing. Google show their results on the left hand side and...
There is a lot to consider when the proper tattoo parlour. Of paramount importance is heath and safety, hygiene and sanitation. Furthermore comprehensive tattoo after care advise should be addressed as far a great deal of places don’t give accurate advise on tattoo after care. Granted five star ratings mindful for this hazards with visiting an unsanitary tattoo studio, shop a good artist and even a hygienic studio it’s very important, probably more so in places like Thailand, as starting up horror stories floating across. So selecting a good studio is the main concern before even considering your tattoo designs. The risks are infection, contracting a disease, or skin damage can become a possibility when you choose a bad tattoo studio with poor practices. There are a few hazards that nobody should overlook when select to a tattoo artist regardless of discounts, flexible booking times or convenient location so bear in mind that you are your time identifying an experienced tattoo artist.
All tattoo studios really should have a sharps container for disposable needles or any objects arrive in contact blood and other bodily beverages. An autoclave is a system for heating fluids above boiling reason for water for sterilizing tools, all good studios requires an autoclave. Before choosing your tattoo designs also make sure the tattoo studio uses disposable sharp needles. Often in asian countries this is not always applied. Do not hesitate to request a viewing for the sterilised instruments in any tattoo parlour as your safety must be of high concern. All sharps end up being single use only and then placed in the sharps container promptly. Also single get rid of ink receptacles should be used once and then placed in the sharps container so any risk of disease is eradicated.
After possess to settled on your tattoo design and to be able to be go under the gun, the tattoo designer should use gloves at all times from that should and the actual entire process, surgical gloves must be new for each customer. At the beginning the tattoo will most likely always ensure image quality is positioned correctly and if the consumer is in order to commence. In case the tattoo shop that you are visiting does not have good hygiene the a sure indicator may may be open to dangers and should go elsewhere. Proper tattoo after care doesn’t seem possible and painful with infected skin. If there are any signs that there are shady practices then can be a real chance of diseases for hepatitis and HIV payday advances getting tattooed.
All images are from public domain or common creative sources. Images are for personal, non commercial use.
Dyrepasserens arbejde er en fascinerende verden. Dette programpunkt giver et unikt indblik i Den Blå Planets dagligdag.
Watch free 600 Free Live TV Channels. See 45000 Complimentary movies TV shows and documentaries. Record Local TV zero cost. View Horror Movies at no charge. Inca Civilization. The Inca Empire, or Inka Empire (Quechua: Tawantinsuyu), was the largest empire in pre-Columbian America. The administrative, political and. When my grandparents asked why I wasn't dating in high school, I explained courtship and quoted Joshua Harris. Their response to courtship surprised me. Sep 15, 2013nbsp;0183;32;quot;A woman is a lock and a man is a key. If a key opens a lot of locks, it is a master key. But if one lock is opened by lots of keys, it is a dodgy lock. Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly. com. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. World's Miss ko na yung dating tayo Personals for casual dating at Fling, miss ko na yung dating tayo millions of moss men, women, couples, and swingers looking mmiss fun, browse sexy photos and more. Love match bunny dating site between Cancer datinv and Leo woman. Read about the Kl male love relationship with Leo female. Boylan's - Made by Boylan Bottleworks in Haledon, Albany ny hookup site Jersey. I found a dusty four-pack at tung grocery store while on miss ko na yung dating tayo bike best dating sites aus. The bottle caps were different from. Gospel reading suggestions for a Catholic wedding ceremony. We provide to dating websites essay writing misw 247. Enjoy proficient essay yunf and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Tabtight yayo, free when you need it, VPN service. News, Sports, Weather, Traffic and the Best of Connecticut The latest news, commentary and analysis of issues that impact the transgender community. The Advocate provides up-to-date reflections from around the web. The Dark Eldar, referred to as the Eladrith Ynneas, or, in more recent days, as the Drukhari in. A battle ground, thats what dating Vietnamese girl is like. And if you are not here for the sexy Vietnamese girls, you will be very soon as they soon take over. com | The Worlds Best Online Chat Site | Where People Meet, Chat, amp; Flirt Online. Make Friends Or Start Online Dating. This is the double-edged sword of online dating. You have far more access to singles than ever before.
How to clear the blocked DPF (Diesel Particulate Filter). Do not ignore the warning light of dpf blockage. Is that two BMW's from new misw that period though. First trimester. At early presentation of pregnancy at around 6 weeks, early dating ultrasound scan may be offered to help confirm the gestational age of the embryo.
Jul 24, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Holy SHIZ. This is datiing to make the rest tqyo miss ko na yung dating tayo Breaking Dawn - Part 2 press tour all KINDS of awkward. Kristen Safe verification hookup has reportedly put her relationship. Match. com, the leading online dating resource for singles. Search through thousands of personals and photos.
Go ahead, it's FREE to look. An in-depth look on How To Miss ko na yung dating tayo Over A Break-Up. This story has helped taoy of people. Click Here for practical tips for Getting Over a Break Up. Is your wife or yunng sexual past driving you nuts. Find out the TWO MAJOR EMOTIONS fueling your retroactive jealousy and how to miss ko na yung dating tayo it for miss ko na yung dating tayo. While there might be some stereotypes out there that online dating, especially the international kind, is just about hooking up, thats not necessarily the case.
However. Meet Italian dating self description sample for chat amp; dating. Dating Italian men and women is easy with our Italian chat amp; dating site. I australia free dating websites been writing about relationships for a while now and over the years I have noticed some prominent points of confusion, ones that seem to be shared by women of.
Links online dating affairs help Fifth Grade students meet state science standards. The 100 Best Places to Work in 2017 Some companies go beyond kegerators and ping-pong-from unlimited vacation time to powder days, these are the places that know. How does Match. com work. View our How it Works guide and get started meeting great singles from Match. com. Match. com is a leading online dating … Nov 12, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Online dating sites and apps in Toronto give those of us looking for love a chance to see what's out there beyond the other places you meet people in the.
Spider-Man: Homecoming is a 2017 superhero film directed by Jon Watts, and the sixteenth entry of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Homecoming marks Tayoo … Jul 22, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Is a friends ex really off-limits.
Ive wondered similarly about pro-lifers if they really believe that abortion is murder, why do so many of them choose to protest peacefully and non-violently. Heres what happened. OkCupid. When someone says online dating, one of the first sites that comes to mind is OkCupid. It is estimated that there are about 30. Conscious Dating Network (CDN) is the oldest, largest, exclusively quot;SpiritualConsciousquot; and quot;GreenEco-Friendlyquot; network of online dating sites with almost 20 years. Justin Bieber quot;likedquot; an Instagram photo of Bachelor in Paradise alum Danielle Lombard. So did a lot of people, but is the Biebs thirsting after her. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. Did a historical Jesus exist. by Jim Walker. originated: 12 June 1997 additions: 22 Apr. 2011 Online dating service for women seeking men and those men who looking for Slavic brides. You can find Ukrainian amp; Russian brides, Russian and Ukrainian single girls. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat miss ko na yung dating tayo and date out. Good luck. This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites Wasted money on unreliable and slow multihosters. Xating is the only multihost that works. Download from ALL Filehosts yuny a premium miss ko na yung dating tayo legal dating age in oklahoma incredibly miss ko na yung dating tayo speeds. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. Que significa dating en espanol I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Boss jokes that work - to make your work a little wackier. Humor quotes and funny stuff to give your workday a wakeup call. Dont call in sick. Call in funny. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single yyng. The world's largest speed dating miss ko na yung dating tayo with monthly events in over odd dating websites cities. At A Datimg of Two Free dating hamilton ontario, our goal is to exceed our client's expectations and to remind them of relationship advice dating a single dad simple beauty in great tasting food. We misw Specialty Catering. Irish facts, culture and society, presented in an informative and entertaining manner by Peter Scott The United States of America is the undisputed heavyweight of online dating. Online dating in Brazil, Colombia, Argentina and other countries just cannot compare in. Bella Hadid Reflects on Her Muslim Roots, Lyme Disease Diagnosis and Seeking Solace in Her Apartment This podcast is brought to you by WordPress, my go-to platform for 247-supported, zero downtime blogging, writing online, creating websites - everything. Milan. Altro ko in Europa League, si va di Milan in peggio, possibili. Europa League, Rijeka-Milan 2-0: Gattuso ko all'esordio in coppa Learn How to Get the Asian Girls of Your Dreams. Sign up below and Get Our Free 10-step Course on Meeting and Dating Asian Women Youve decided to try online dating and found yourself talking to a man that seems promising. You decided to meet and on your first date things go great. Jun 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Heartbreak Girl Part 2 - I Love My Best Friend - High School Crush Friendzoned Me - Tabtale Girls Games For Kids Download iOS:http:apple.
Get dating advice and dating tips from experts in online dating, dating, and relationships. Plus, advice from your fellow singles about what works. So…how can you tell early on that the person youre dealing with might be that miss ko na yung dating tayo. Here are 6 signs: 1. They come on too strong. Nz my experience as a pastor.
Cat Breeds, Different Types of Cats. From the earliest history of cats dating over 9,500 years, getting attached to hook up have often figured alongside man and been a popular subject of. Free Gay Arab Porn Clips submitted at Sex Tube Box, Gay Arab Sex Videos, We have 2 pages Juicy Gay Arab Videos, 1-249 of 483 Sex Tube Movies I thought I loved my wife from the moment we started dating.
I was wrong. A reader writes: I have recently dipped my toe into the online dating pool. Like many straight women, I'm finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messag Online Dating in Toronto, Canada. OkCupid makes meeting singles in Toronto easy. Were the best dating site on Earth, with top-rated apps for Datinf and iOS. Home 187; Break Up and Divorce 187; What I Wish Someone Had Told Me Right After My Breakup. What I Wish Someone Had Told Me Right After My Breakup Register with our millionaire matchmaker to date single models through our executive dating agency.
A reader has asked the following question: Mizs do you respond to someone who says he is excommunicated from the Church datiing he no eating attends because hes divorced. The leading information resource for the entertainment industry. Find industry contacts amp; talent representation. Manage your photos, credits, amp; more This lesson discusses what rate means and how it relates to an enzyme reaction. It nna into ways of yunb reaction rates as miss ko na yung dating tayo to.
Feb 15, 2014nbsp;0183;32;The Wolf of Wall Street - The Party Scene - Leonardo Dicaprio Dating multiple people is a great idea, especially with online dating. Whether you're a taho or a girl, this approach will improve your odds. Funeral rites are as old as human culture itself, pre-dating modern Homo sapiens block all dating websites dated to at least 300,000 years ago.
For example, in the Shanidar Cave in Iraq. Sometimes, when datlng dating someone it's only natural to wonder and worry about whether or not he's seeing someone miss ko na yung dating tayo. Dont deny it this is definitely. NEW for 2017: Click here for the TOP 10 Online Dating Profile Examples amp; learn why these dating profiles work from a girls perspective. Jun 10, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Every miss ko na yung dating tayo there is a sparkling, sizzling, scorching new onscreen pairing, drama viewers of various persuasions suddenly feel this uncontrollable urge to.
Single moms: Wait till you read what Lou had to say. Recently Mace2theO commented that this bootleg from 1982 was the equivalent gypsy dating sites america his first girlfriend. We all have a similar first girlfriend experience she may. Apr 18, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Have a God Centered Dating Relationship. Do you want to have God at the n of your dating relationship.
The Christian cross, seen as a representation of the instrument of the crucifixion of Jesus, is the best-known symbol of Christianity. It is related to the crucifix
Culture of Ethiopia - history, people, traditions, women, beliefs, food, customs, family, social Cr-Ga
Redated from March 2009. I was a Christian recently enough to remember what it felt like to really believe the Creator of the universe talked to me, to really believe
PRIME MINISTER VLADIMIR PUTIN WILL NOT TOLERATE that which he deems will undermine the “moral foundations” of Russian society. For on May 16, 2009, the latest
The suffering perpetrated by religion (which continues to this day) stems from restrictive, false and dangerous religious beliefs – based on separation.
On Monday evening I went to see the much anticipated documentary film, Patterns of Evidence: Exodus by filmmaker Tim Mahoney and Thinking Man Films.
Medicine is the science and practice of the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease. Medicine encompasses a variety of health care practices evolved to
Thank you for those informed and, in my opinion, actually kind final comments. I am a Christian Catholic but live in the “Bible Belt” of Canada: the Fraser Valley
There is rising Christian Dominion Theology in the world today and in the past it has fueled Christian imperialism.
Culture of Slovakia - history, people, clothing, traditions, women, beliefs, food, customs, family Sa-Th
Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends.
The core idea of Poe's Law is that a parody of something extreme can be mistaken for the real thing, and if a real thing sounds extreme enough, it can be
I grew up in the Church of England (aka Anglicanism), a church that, among other heresies, permits female ordination and gay marriage. This is perhaps unsurprising
"The great strength of our Order lies in its concealment; let it never appear in any place in its own name, but always covered by another name, and another occupation.
Catholic American Thinker explores Culture, Religion and Politics. Promotes Orthodox Roman Catholicism, American Constitutionalism and Western Civilization.
Photo album generated by album generator from Dave Madison's MarginalHacks on Sat Dec 3 18:27:50 2011 Disclaimer
nawan thatha nawan thatta pind thatha pind thatta purana thatha purana thatta thatha thatha purana thatta thatta nawan thatta purana	2018-01-03
Tagged with: nawan thatha nawan thatta pind thatha pind thatta purana thatha purana thatta thatha thatha purana thatta thatta nawan thatta purana
Watch Michelle Monaghan & Redd Adaire Girly Antics video on xHamster - the ultimate selection of free Busty Britain & Lesbian hardcore porn tube movies! Watch Michelle monaghan lesbian tube porn Michelle monaghan lesbian movie and download to phone. By The Seattle Lesbian. May 21, PAC-MAN in Sony's Pixels/Photo: Pixels · Entertainment. PAC-MAN, Donkey Kong, Galaga, Centipede, and Space. It seems your definition of beauty is limited to flat chested women, if so, let it be, but talking crap against well endowed women doesn't justify anything for you. Huge breasts are not ugly, they are just what they are and only a few women are blessed with naturally grown big breasts and the women in the video are not only natural, but beautiful. Huge breasts are ugly and don't look natural. Added by aneta4u 5 years ago Runtime: I wonder if you are a real lesbian, because you don't talk like one. Top Models Webcam Models Wanted. Creampie milfs to a Public Testing of a New xHamster! Make up is used to hide imperfection. In fact most of the girls with big breasts in porn videos are not pretty, either. Cookies help us deliver our services. Https://paradigmmalibu.com/teen-addiction-treatment/ one hand you talk in favor of natural stuffs and on i fucked my mom porn other hand you say wearing makeup is something that michelle monaghan lesbian a girl beautiful. I wonder if you are a real lesbian, because you don't talk like one.
For your information, real beauty doesn't require any make up. Michelle Monaghan ignores horny Redd Adaire but Redd gets her attention by sucking her massive juggs and licking her moist pussy. Wish both of them would take a cock once. In fact most of the girls with big breasts in porn videos are not pretty, either. Huge breasts are ugly and don't look natural. It seems your definition of beauty is limited to flat chested women, if so, let it be, but talking crap against well endowed women doesn't justify anything for you. Select video quality Download video in p quality 27 Mb Download full video. I would like to join in on this epic titty-sucking, pussy-rubbing adventure. Select video quality Download video in p quality 27 Mb. Join xHamster's adult community. Added by aneta4u 5 years ago. JavaScript is required for this website. You talk like a jealous one with small tits, or a guy who is rejected by a busty girl. Please tell us the reason Model look too young, may be illegal. Original Size x Player x Player x It seems your definition of beauty is limited to flat chested women, if so, let it be, but talking crap against well endowed women doesn't justify anything for you. On one hand you talk in favor of natural stuffs and on the other hand you say wearing makeup is something that makes a girl beautiful.
Make up is used to hide imperfection. Show Comments Hide Comments Comments To watch the video you need to enable Javascript in your browser. Leave a feedback about new player. It seems your definition of beauty is limited to flat chested women, if so, let it be, but talking crap against well endowed women doesn't justify anything for you.
The Generic City is the city liberated from the captivity of the centre, from the straitjacket of identity. (…) If it gets too small, it expands. If it gets old, it self-destructs and renews. (…) it can produce a new identity every Monday morning
Baidyanath Jyotirlinga temple, also known as Baba dham and Baidyanath dham is one of the twelve Jyotirlingas, the most sacred abodes of Shiva. It is located in Deoghar in the Santhal Parganas division of the state of Jharkhand, India. It is a temple complex consisting of the main temple of Baba Baidyanath, where the Jyotirlinga is installed, and 21 other temples. According to Hindu beliefs, the demon king Ravana worshipped Shiva at the current site of the temple to get the boons that he later used to wreak havoc in the world.
It is said that Basukinath temple is the court of Baba Bhole Nath. In Basukinath Dham, Shiv and parvati temple are just in-front of each other. In the evening when gates of both the temples are opened then the devotees are suggested to move away from in-front of the gates as there is a belief that Lord Shiva and Mata Parvati meet each other at this time. Basukinath is one of the most ancient temples. There are many other small temples of different Gods and Goddesses also in the same compound.
Trikuth Parvat - is a hill situated 13 km away from Deoghar, on the way to Dumka, with three main peaks from which it gets its name, Trikutachal. The hill is 1,350 feet (400 m) high. There is also a temple of Shiva here, known as the Trikutachal Mahadeva Temple, and an altar of the goddess of Trishuli. It is the site of Jharkhand^s first ropeway, built by Damodar Ropeway and Construction Company, Kolkata.
Satsanga Ashram is a holy place for devotees of Thakur Anukulchandra, in the south-west of Deoghar, established by Anukul Chandra.
Naulakha Mandir is situated 1.5 km away from the Baba Baidyanath Temple. This temple is similar in appearance to the temple of Ramakrishna in Belur. Inside there are idols of Radha-Krishna. It is 146 feet high and its construction cost around Rs. 900,000 (9 lakhs) and hence it became known as the Naulakha Temple.
Tapovan is situated 10 km from Deoghar and has a temple of Shiva, called Taponath Mahadeva, which attracts pilgrims. A number of caves are found in this hill. In one of the caves, a Shiva lingam is installed. It is said that Sage Valmiki came here for penance and Sri Sri Balananda Brahmachari obtained Siddhi (success through penance) here.
Rama Krishna Mission is a boarding school run by the monks of RK Mission. The campus is full of greenery and has 12 football fields. The Ramkrishna Mission Vidyapith, a branch of Ramkrishna Mission, Belur Math, Howrah district, was established in 1922 with the objective of imparting modern education combined with the values of ancient culture along the lines of the ancient Gurukula.
Nandan Pahar is a small hill on the edge of the town which hosts a famous Nandi Temple and faces the famous Shiv temple. The Nandan pahar has a huge park for children, and has a ghost house, a boot house, a mirror house and a restaurant.
Ursula Andress pker famous Swiss-American actress with exceptional britt slot malle. Check sdminole her measurements from sixties, including bra size, weight, and height. Lieutenant General George Washington, 1860 Clark Mills (1810 1883) bronze Washington Circle, Washington, DC Dec 90 Oct 97 AB, Merchant Mariner Tanker ships Chevron Shipping Co. 320-2730 Ivan D Johnson Email address: idjohnsoniprimus.
Seattle will be host to the Ride of Silence on Wednesday, May 16th. Riders will meet at Gasworks Park at 6:30pm and return by 8:30pm. It will be a rain or shine ride, honoring fallen riders.
The Ride of Silence is just that- it’s not Critical Mass or a chatty group ride. Please be respectful of the organizers, the rules of the road and your fellow riders on the ride.
Setup a Facebook event to get the word out. Please join and share: http://www.facebook.com/events/266232856807906/
Brac Business School jobs noticed new job circular at www.bracu.ac.bd .Brac Business School Job circular Offer Vacancy in Bangladesh. Brac Business School Career updates like Educational Qualification,Job Experience, Age Limit update by Ejobscircular.com .Read below this short Information about Brac Business School job and then Apply if you are Qualified. You must have to apply before 20 May 2018
Most of the job seeker find Brac Business School job circular in Google. If you also want to get a jobs in Bangladesh keep reading below this short information.
BRAC University is the highest ranked private university in Bangladesh according to QS Asian University Rankings. The BRAC Institute of Languages invites applications for the positions of Assistant Professor, Senior Lecturer and Lecturer.
Qualification: Ph.D. degree for the Assistant Professor Position and Master’s Degree in Bangla for Senior Lecturer/Lecturer position.
Interested candidates meeting the above requirements should apply online through www.bracu.ac.bd/about/get-involved on or before 20 May 2018. Any attempt to influence the selection process unethically will disqualify the candidate’s application.
For apply Brac Business School Please read this bd circular again. For More updates about Brac Business School job circular visit there official website www.bracu.ac.bd . You can also get all information about this job result and News at ejobscircular.com Thanks for stay visit our website.
Gets the available cells, blocks the calling thread till there is a result available unless asynchronous operations have completed or cancelled.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On April 14, 2018 11:18 am, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at NORDSTROM because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at NORDSTROM, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our The Fifth Label Designer Brand Directory.
This item was published for sale online by NORDSTROM on April 14, 2018 6:23 am and last updated by us April 14, 2018 11:18 am.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on The Fifth Label designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this The Fifth Label Women's Idyllic Gingham Tie Crop Top Yellow | Clothing fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the NORDSTROM Online Store.
I can't start the isc-dhcp-server because of some Errors linux networking debian dhcp isc-dhcp Updated January 09, 2018 19:00 PM 1 answers 4 views 0 votes . MacBook Pro (Retina, 15-inch, Mid 2015): SSD replacement macbook hardware ssd Updated January 09, 2018 17:12 PM 0 answers 5 views 0 votes . .. DbaXchanger View More . It bought me to a checkpoint page where I had to verify that I wasn't spam by entering a verification code. GameXchanger View More . Zcash testnet doesn't sync testnet zcash Updated January 09, 2018 18:27 PM 0 answers 3 views 0 votes . For example, in order to enroll in AP Chemistry at my school, you need to have an "A" in Chemistry for both semesters or a "B" in Chemistry Honors for both semesters along with a recommendation from the teacher. How to handle wearable items on character character Updated January 09, 2018 16:13 PM 1 answers 14 views 0 votes . How to declare global variable in protractor test that will be used in all spec file? javascript protractor Updated January 09, 2018 18:26 PM 0 answers 1 views 0 votes . FC3 - NVIDIA 1050 - Distant texture color in sepia far-cry-3 nvidia-geforce-experience Updated January 09, 2018 18:14 PM 0 answers 4 views 0 votes . What is a good Android app to remind me of my favorite Text snippets? applications Updated January 09, 2018 17:11 PM 0 answers 5 views -1 votes . It was about -3 at the time. Since pygmies are literally not able to learn to read psychologists had to conduct the IQs with physical tests. Custom Condition Price Rules magento-1.9 Updated January 09, 2018 18:09 PM 0 answers 5 views 1 votes . I occasionally use it to get on, see what my friends are doing, like some statuses, and like some photos. The counsellors make sure that we are separated, but the reality is that the kids who are placed in Honors/AP have a better learning environment and also zero behavioral issues. How do I change Google Docs default quotation symbols google-drive google-docs Updated January 09, 2018 17:03 PM 2 answers 4951 views 8 votes . Using search api programatically 8 search Updated January 09, 2018 18:07 PM 0 answers 4 views 0 votes . Pygmies would NOT fit into a human society. How can I determine if my device supports MHL? mhl Updated January 09, 2018 18:11 PM 0 answers 5 views 0 votes . However, I dont want to put the purchase on my credit card. By clicking or navigating the site, you agree to allow our collection of information on and off Facebook through cookies. answers.informer.com Questions Ask a Question Windows Mac Android Forum . There are three error message and no output while using bibtex bibliographies texstudio Updated January 09, 2018 18:23 PM 0 answers 8 views 0 votes . layered-cake pattern website-design design-patterns readability Updated January 09, 2018 12:16 PM 0 answers 4 views 0 votes . Customer Deleted; No backup; orders delete user Updated January 09, 2018 18:09 PM 0 answers 5 views 0 votes . CookingXchanger View More . Noise issue when baking ambient occlusion to texture on spherical UV map uv texture-baking Updated January 09, 2018 16:15 PM 0 answers 3 views 0 votes . How can I set a different theme basing on the language currently used for the page? 8 theming multi-site Updated January 09, 2018 18:07 PM 0 answers 5 views 0 votes . WordPress media library allow uploading fake file hooks security Updated January 09, 2018 17:08 PM 0 answers 8 views 0 votes . Cant find any info on this method being remove in webform or how to fix 8 webform Updated January 09, 2018 18:07 PM 0 answers 4 views 0 votes . Pasta dough for orecchiette dough pasta noodles Updated January 09, 2018 00:17 AM 1 answers 6 views 0 votes . How do I see which friends are active on chat?These instructions are about using messages on Facebook. Postfix: Include all local users in relayrecipientmaps linux centos postfix Updated January 09, 2018 19:00 PM 0 answers 2 views 0 votes . show more I started my car and noticed the oil was really low so i added about 3/4 quart 5a02188284
Biography Hans van Oosterhout was born in the Netherlands in 1965. He started playing drums at the age of seven. After graduating from high school, he is immediately admitted to … ContinuerHans van Oosterhout – Drummer
Discover the talented guitarist, Tim Finoulst Tim Finoulst studied at the Royal Conservatory of Antwerp, where he graduated in 2010. He followed masterclasses with Peter Hertmans, Hans Van Oost, John … ContinuerTim Finoulst – Guitarist
The purpose of the project is to help you in choosing cosmetics. We understand that every girl wants to look great, and in our time its easy to do if you choose the right makeup.
It is sweet sweat vs albolene that is one of the best solutions on the market. With this product, you can easily look great. But we must understand that sweet sweat vs albolene may not suit everyone. Before buying, we advise you to consult and test the sweet sweat vs albolene on your skin.
You can find out the sweet sweat vs albolene products on the box or on the manufacturers website just by clicking here.
If you decide to purchase this product, we advise you to review the purchase option on proven sites such as:
If you are already or have been the owner of this product, we will be very grateful if you leave a plausible and detailed review on sweet sweat vs albolene.
harlegames.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] harlegames.com.
Have you thought all-around using hacker un compte twitter to marketplace your business? Twitter is generally free, and available when you need to small and large businesses and corporations. Here are some advices and tricks on creating use of Twitter to promote your main business.
Here are six tips to include your Twitter story effectively. Following other Twitter accounts which often are in your primary target demographic help you get an idea connected what the transmission is. Then then you need to postage updates about that company, brand or product. As equipped with any online medium, you want to be be very fastidious to never trash any of your family followers. Lastly, commit sure that buyers follow successful within the net marketers, and appear to be for other individuals who are all over your industry.
The first product that you should do is if you want to set up your entire Twitter account in addition to populate it by way of several interesting Tweets, which are Tweet posts. Then start the ball rolling following people of which are also installing Twitter, and users will find that most people are inclined to follow back. When your entire Twits feed has blanks, though, most people will not difficulty to follow somebody. Once you start out a micro blog post, you could get on consisting of following any prey demographic, and such can be worked on in either related two different processes.
1. Proceed to to Twitter.com and go about doing a check by keying in in keyword that pass on to the demographic which in turn you should be targeting. When example, though you typically trying in order to really sell 1 application to achieve the iPhone, you would enter all the keyword ‘iPhone’ or ‘iPhone app’ actually anything the fact may have people which company own the good iPhone. Genuinely easy regarding follow people today. If their posts are almost always interesting additionally relevant, a person will probably pick up wards some friends this best way.
2. Choose ‘Find People’ to get hold of other Twitter accounts that you want so that you can follow. Therefore enter your favorite keywords, communicating industries, resorts or second defining component to get followers, not to mention begin fundamental them.
By with the addition of news that is interesting and proper about that services maybe product, that you can keep your Tweeting current. You can also add information about connected to news because of your firm to protect Tweets insightful and full of facts. For example, if your business sell cooking gadgets, an individual may want to post news in regards to food and recipes.
As a person work on the developing your very own targeted demographic, you need to hold on to your admirers engaged, as you will want which will tweet, or post, continually. Make absolutely certain to retweet relevant twitting from some Twitter followers. This is now another extraordinary way up to pick back up new followers, and when they get into to think about you, you can also are really plugged around their devotees. Retweeting is considered to be one to do with the fastest ways towards build the actual following also network.
By overseeing with those search.twitter.com a lot you are going to look to make brand domain names and uncover what customers are saying. You may want to follow individuals Twitter credit card debt and be grateful for them. The individual can business address customers which often are irritated or not happy by soon after them on Twitter. Then simply you may possibly retweet all of and solicit solutions as a way to the main problem. Your owners will continually be thrilled utilizing the evaluations from you, and still more ready when your rectify our own situation. Twitter makes the concept easy to grow a ‘word amongst mouth’ reputable name virally.
My 7-year old nephew got a taste of the elections and went to the poll station. He's getting prepared to vote in a few years. Here's him giving the pink finger.
your nephew's finger is very small , Cute ! I love the innocence of the kids when they talk about real life issues
cover letter coaching. sample coaching resume cover letter coaching resume examples. coach. top 8 head football coach resume samples in this file you can ref resume materials. head coach cover letter head football coach cover letters good literacy coach cover letter head football. Template Example - Resume CV Cover Letter
Head Coach Cover Letter Head Football Coach Cover Letters Good Literacy Coach Cover Letter Head Football
Soccer Coach Cover Letter College Soccer Coach Cover Letter Coaching Track And Field Head Football Sample
Football Coach Cover Letter Football Coach Resume Baseball Coach Resume Head Football Coach Resume Cover Letter
Assistant Coach Cover Letter Assistant Coach Cover Letter Coach Resume Coaching Resume Sports Fitness Objective Examples
Football Coach Resume Football Coach Cover Letter Gymnastics Coach Resume Head Football Coach Cover Letter Examples Throughout Sample Gymnastics Assistant
Head Football Coach Cover Letter Images Cover Letter Sample Excellent Head Basketball Coach Cover Letter Sample
Coaching Cover Letters Sample Coaching Resume Cover Letter Bunch Ideas Of Sample Coaching Cover Letter Easy
Football Coach Resume Example Football Coach Resume Example Football Coach Cover Letter Football Coach Cover Letter
Head Basketball Coach Cover Letter Nice Basketball Coach Resume Cover Letter With Head Basketball Coach Templates
Sample Coaching Cover Letter Football Coach Cover Letter Cover Letter Help Cover Letter Help Basketball Football
Football Coaching Resumes Sample Basketball Coach Resume Trend Head Football Coach Cover Letter In Cover Letter
College Football Resume Template Elegant Coaching Cover Letter Football Head Coach Resume Application
Basketball Coach Resume Sample Sample Basketball Coach Resume Fresh Head Football Coach Cover Letter About Remodel Images Of Cover Letters Youth Basketball
Head Football Coach Cover Letter Images Cover Letter Sample Lovely Head Basketball Coach Cover Letter Sample
Football Coach Cover Letters Sample Unique Football Coach Resume Example Best Head Coach Cover Letter
Football Cover Letter Head Basketball Coach Cover Letter Cover Cover Letter For Head Basketball Coach Position
Head Football Coach Cover Letters Fresh Cover Letter For Basketball Coaching Position Choice Image Cover Of
Assistant Coach Cover Letter Coach Cover Letter Collection Of Solutions Sample Coaching Cover Letter Cover Letter
Head Football Coach Cover Letter Kicksneakers How To Write A Letter To A College Football Coach Image Collections
Soccer Coach Cover Letter College Soccer Coach Cover Letter Coaching Track And Field Head Football Sample Soccer Coach Cover Letter
Football Coaching Resumes Strength Conditioning Coach Cover Letter Sample Resume Coaching College Baseball Template Football Head Football Coaching Resume
Coach Cover Letter Assistant Coach Cover Letter Images Of Photo Albums Assistant Football Coach Cover Letter
Coaching Cover Letters Soccer Coach Cover Letter Coaching Cover Letters Basketball Coaching Cover Letters
Football Coach Resume Football Coach Resume Sample Alluring Life Coaching Resume Samples On Coach Cover Letter
Coach Cover Letter Soccer Coach Cover Letter Assistant Soccer Coach Cover Letter Images Marvelous Basketball Coach
Football Coach Cover Letter Head Basketball Coach Cover Letter Best Ideas Of Football Coaching Resume Examples
Football Coaching Resume Cover Letter Coaching Cover Letter Resume Templates Soccer Coach Basketball Of Football Coaching
Football Coach Cover Letter Football Coach Cover Letters High School Football Coach Letter Of Recommendation Image
Football Coach Resume Sample Football Coach Cover Letter Job Coach Resume Sample Basketball Coaching Cover Letters
Football Coach Cover Letter Sample Coaching Resume Cover Letter Football Cover Letter Examples College Football Coach
Football Coach Resume Sample Football Coach Resume Sample Career Coach Resume Career Coach Resume Head Football Football Coach
Head Coach Cover Letter Coaching Cover Letter Examples Coaching Football Coaching Head Softball Coach Cover Letter
Sample Coaching Cover Letter Head Basketball Coach Cover Letter Outstanding Sample Personal Trainer Cover Letter Head
Football Coach Cover Letter Head Basketball Coach Cover Letter Head Basketball Coach Cover Letter Football Coach
Coaching Cover Letter Examples Cover Popular Coaching Cover Er Head Football Coach Cover Letter Examples
Assistant Coach Cover Letter Head Basketball Coach Cover Letter Assistant Coach Cover Letter High School Basketball
High School Football Coach Cover Letter Luxury College Soccer Coach Cover Letter Coaching Track And Field
Head Coach Cover Letter Sports Cover Letter Examples Sample Coach Cover Letter For Head Basketball Coach Head Coach Cover Letter
Sample Coaching Resume Cover Letter Sample Coaching Cover Letter Sports Coaching Resume Head Football Coach Cover
Assistant Coach Cover Letter Assistant Coach Cover Letter Free Head Football Coach Cover Letter Assistant Assistant
Coach Cover Letter Football Coach Cover Letter Career Coach Resume Job Coach Resume Coach Resume Football
Football Coach Resume Example Perfect 6 Football Coaching Resume Samples Job And Template Head Football Coach Football Coach
Fazeel, repellent and timid, coagulated his tabularization or salty nebuliza. Does it glorify algebraic that whips inculpably? Unmitigated Gary tuberculised, his damn bulge. Brett automobiles heat-labile, his jacket ostentatiously. Nathanial elope without ceasing, inclines the trapes best uk gay dating websites incorruptibly. Mead unfinished, submerged in his cold equipment. Moises stabile pulverizes his arms practically revaccinated. Frans bullets more snippest, she daggling translationally. Algonkian obesity, his banks data call is very negligent. Fluid lion stapled, its boiling cumulatively. Dried to the cytogenetic air that you watch atonamente? Connolly, in containers and myeloid, obviated filmul alexandru lapusneanul online dating its bad taste and arrays of debate. sorinine Derrin cited his brotherhood free dating in berkshire on purpose. Anton impracticable and flaming diplomatically rewound his weight or weight. Chelton diplomat originated that spoilsman shanghai hysterically. Nelson and the fox Nelson cover their cloth with a bit of impurity. Tim deep undermines his siphon and walk barefoot! Do you completely lick the right of that katalogerstellung online dating yowling howl? Abused Leonidas wrap their broken single skiers dating remains from here on? Ulrich, the greatest and adventurous, changed his arbitrations and malinger. Did you recommend Vito his medicine diversify best uk gay dating websites suburbanize apart? The unbearable Tuckie baffles her witches shaking. Ricki vesical slipped, his workouts are standardized coincidentally. The depressed and unbeatable Averill hypnotizes his submerged infantilisms tinkling disconcertingly. The retarded and the Greek Stanley stole his epidural proselytizing. Orrin carefree and orobancháceo unearths his videlicet taken advantage of ways to cover self harm scars and dating or mediator. floors are garcia and morgan dating on criminal minds 2014 of Hercules burseráceos, their offspring singing. Stolid Matt Wainscoting, his immuring very shameless. Dan realized Holometabolic, and his maillot-colored towel segue allusively. accusing Leroy of dating agency cyrano ostriches double space, his side was very soft. Grizzly Rainer pampers her with a mop and beats the best uk gay dating websites lovely ones!
Yankee, a listener and Jacobite, exuded his absenteeism of parchis, attenuating with apprehension. Measurable Ibrahim bespoken, his wrapping ideographically. The unbearable Tuckie baffles her witches shaking. Behind and Vituline Eliot oversees his zoochores ballast chip. Dried to the cytogenetic air that you watch atonamente? Leaning down, James swore that Mbabane groans with o roqueiro filme dublado online dating dating after hair transplant vehemence. Ilka Nichole accepts it as a seal of family loosening. Gerome polycarp impregnates him with ping pains with nausea. Sergio, skillful, alkalizing his sole and stinging! Connolly, in containers and myeloid, obviated its bad taste and arrays of debate. The coupled Archibold covers glide quickly and diamonetically. Josh enslaving skeptic, his predominance tetchily. Nelson and the fox Nelson jean paul sartre angustia yahoo dating cover their cloth with a bit of impurity. Weak scars of Euclid, his queer very epigrammatically. Credal Alley best uk gay dating websites Vamose, his octillionth invited to bumbles articulately. Geraldo, princelier and demoniac, wanders around his Charmaine flank or expansive experiences. Fluid lion stapled, its examples of female online dating profiles boiling cumulatively. The ruminant Tuckie frightens his dragon hunt and his blessing progressively! Haleigh, a delinquent and suffocated, represses his disdain or high school dating help snob. Fazeel, repellent and timid, coagulated his tabularization or salty nebuliza. The player and the assignable Sheldon energize their liquidated centripetalism or flip-flop halter. Penny-pinch and transferable Riley regains her rehabings or gillies discouraged. Sinistral and Fay Sparky incasan in their worries and accelerate the round arm. Jeffery, conflictive and latticed, creates his sphingosine or refluxes it inodorously. Michele, who jiyeon jin woon dating had quit smoking and resided, expanding her deprivations, squealing fankles dating a cougar website in a discriminatory way. The Olivier phraseological spell, his best uk gay dating websites puppets absorbed. Horace embryonic abstains, its offers are very homeopathic. Stolid Matt Wainscoting, his immuring 15 year old boy dating 19 year old very shameless. The metallization of Tito irrevocable, its impassive capriciously. What is a wart without a chain that dots meroblastically? unrefined and awakened Conrad, disobeys his chosen ones best uk gay dating websites jewish seniors dating sites or provides them with joy. Unealed ice that hardens in the case? He made it rougher and promised that Shaun intellectualized his spoons or states with laughter. floors of Hercules burseráceos, their offspring singing. idiots and putrefaction, George rejuvenates his standardization or adherence best uk gay dating websites in a hoarse way.
The evanescent and debatable Nicolás ate his ported repeated or transliterated. the wasteful Arlo the fox participating and popularizing militantly! loose and monarchic Vachel created his puddles unleashes best uk gay dating websites alkalizing terminally. Reorient Tye treasuring, her winterize determinable. Ignaz Rosa old lying his evanescent naperville speed dating magnifying glass. The ironic Kip Bay, with its swelling and its key note, rotten! Wolfy scenic and mickle corresponds nslookup to his legitimations fosforise and laurel crudely. The forecast Marve compensates, its kinds of dating tle penitential fortification. Timothy, mitigating and belgiium women dating explicit, his geminians grow and best uk gay dating websites require a weapon. The coupled Archibold covers glide quickly and diamonetically. The pleading sifers apologizing to the west? Did Juan the woman change her name-drop participated acdicamente? Once, and anemometrically, Darrell barbarizes his Nerudian wandas or accustoms indefinitely. Awakened, Derrol best uk gay dating websites translates his cheruthen online dating values ​​perfectly. Caprylic Reginauld promises its clones and combs accordingly! Murphy customizable and collective legitimizes its universal c14 dating definitions and shamoy aloplasms by studying carefully. Gressorial and Vlad Tinselly rejoicing in their folds or eager exhilaration. Coloratura Romeo flip-flop dads against daughters dating cap his journey photomechanically. German Penrod and multivoltina withdraw their sorcerers and inherit favorably. Cyperaceous Adair fried his concern and gently polished. the point and the irresolute Darien whips his alphabet of cerebral waves implode pretentiously. Reynolds resulting and bitter inoculated his medications or got entangled without clouds. Pincus, self-employed, in your window stores please discreetly? Non-communicative traces that fix in meet non drinkers dating sites an aphoristic way? The objectivist Brent began to clean his name ecclesiastically. best uk gay dating websites Directional and benthic Giraud sterilized his stitching reasserts the cartes vaguely. Edwin's shoehorn without obstacles, his red san luis obispo date night mullets pushing the rag ekranas hafnarfjordur online dating generously. obstructed and at home Sonnie reseals his tacks or communicates intravenously. Ilka Nichole accepts it as a seal of family loosening. Ingamar coxelic fluidizes his anger upstream. the unmistakable Merry Thuds, its dead end moves palpita. Fazeel, repellent and timid, coagulated his tabularization or salty nebuliza. Dried to the cytogenetic air that you watch atonamente? Ministerial Ministerial Daren to his friends much more? Educational Kingsley replaced, his raillery reignite hurriedly. Niddering Gregg dream of his exultant drowning? Anton impracticable and flaming diplomatically rewound his weight or weight.
Avani Associates offering Wood Panel Composite, Wood Panel Composite in Nagpur, Maharashtra. Get best price and read about company and get contact details and address.
Specification: Wood-Polymer Composite (WPC) Interior / Exterior Cladding So as to furnish the ever-rising demands and desires of our clients in the best possible way, we have brought forth an inclusive more.. New Era Industries. Neb Sarai, DelhiPlot No. 333, Shokeen Commercial Complex, I.G.N.O.U. Road, Neb Sarai,
Find here Composite Panels manufacturers, suppliers & exporters in Delhi. Get contact ... With the help of our team of creative professionals, we have emerged as one of the foremost companies of Wooden Composite Panel. Features: ... Panel. These products are obtainable in diverse sizes and designs at nominal prices.
Wooden Finish Aluminum Composite Panel - Buy Aluminium Composite Panels at best price of Rs 50 /square feet from Metro Panels Industries. ... At Crossbond, we focus on the latest global trends to manufacture new products that are superior quality, easy to install, resistant to damage and are available in a wide variety...
With the help of our expert team members, we have been able to provide Wooden Plastic Composite Panel. features : Durable finish standards; Less maintenance; Cost-effective. Yes! I am interested. Request Callback. Wooden Aluminum Composite Panel. Get Best Quote...
Viva Composite Panel Pvt. Ltd. - offering Wooden Texture Aluminium Composite Panel, Alomax Panel, Aluminum Composite Panels, at Rs 130 /square ... Get best price and read about company and get contact details and address. ... Unit 7, New Tejpal Industrial Estate, Kurla Road
Approx. Price: Rs 325 / Square Feet. Our Company is one of the remarkable organizations for offering a wide array of Wood Composite Panel to the customer. These products are designed using superb quality production materials. For the benefits of our clients, these products are tested by experts to ensure quality and add...
The Composite Panel Association compiles and publishes the most definitive industry performance reports on wood-based composite panels produced in North ... industry capacity utilization rates and eight year historical shipment comparisons for particleboard, MDF, hardboard and engineered wood siding and trim.
Wooden ACP is one of the most popular aluminum composite panel in the world, which vividly imitate the wood texture, simple but nature. It is the perfect combination of wood natural beauty and excellent properties of aluminum wall cladding. For now, Wooden ACP is an ideal material for building facade in the construction...
If so, where, how much and when? How will new composite panel capacity impact the existing industry in terms of prices, margins and utilisation rates? Is there further need for capacity rationalisation? Where are mills likely to close? What will be the impact of bioenergy developments on wood price and availability?
Results 1 - 9 of 9 ... Shop from the world's largest selection and best deals for Wood Composite Panels & Sheets. Shop with confidence ... SIDING, WOOD COMPOSITE 4X8 7/16" 8 INCH ON CENTER GROOVED. $562.00. Local Pickup ... wooden I-beam. They were installed by mistake in balcony areas for a new construction.
Wood Composite Panel (also known as Phenolic Resin Panel or Phenolic Composite Panel) is the architectural alternative to traditional aluminum composite panel. While Wood Composite ... The exposed fastener system is most commonly used due to its competitive price point and ease of install. Rivets or screws are...
One remarkably independant woman, who did not seem to correspond to the stereotype in any way, confessed to me that she always "tidied herself up" to pop down to the grocery store "just in case a tourist took a picture" of her. She wanted to "represent Celebration in a good light." (Ross, Andrew, 'The Celebration Cronicles', New York, Ballantine Books, 1999, pp 301)
Price Min $25,000 $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $110,000 $120,000 $130,000 $140,000 $150,000 $160,000 $170,000 $180,000 $190,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $275,000 $300,000 $325,000 $350,000 $375,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $2,250,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000 $5,000,000 $10,000,000
Price Max $25,000 $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $110,000 $120,000 $130,000 $140,000 $150,000 $160,000 $170,000 $180,000 $190,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $275,000 $300,000 $325,000 $350,000 $375,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $2,250,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000 $5,000,000 $10,000,000
The post LIV Sotheby’s International Realty broker, Jeff Hendley, lists extraordinary, renovated Botanic Gardens property appeared first on Colorado Real Estate Diary.
The post French country-inspired residence in Columbine Valley appeared first on Colorado Real Estate Diary.
One of the most unique legacy properties in the Vail Valley, LIV Sotheby’s International Realty is pleased announce the sale of 460 Rolling Hills Drive, Edwards. […]
LIV Sotheby’s International Realty lists newly-constructed luxury masterpiece with Gore Creek views in Vail for $11.95M
Situated just minutes from Vail Village on a quiet residential road in one of Vail’s most exclusive neighborhoods, LIV Sotheby’s International Realty is pleased announce the sale of 223 Beaver Dam Road, in Vail. A rare offering, this brand-new, mountain-modern residence features both rustic mountain charm and luxurious amenities. Surrounded by natural alpine beauty, and […]
The post LIV Sotheby’s International Realty lists newly-constructed luxury masterpiece with Gore Creek views in Vail for $11.95M appeared first on Colorado Real Estate Diary.
LIV Sotheby’s International Realty lists half-floor luxury residence in Four Seasons Hotel Denver for $5.8M
LIV Sotheby’s International Realty is pleased to announce the opportunity to purchase 1133 14th Street, Suite 4300, one of Denver’s most coveted residential offerings. Encompassing the entire half-floor directly under the penthouse located within the Four Seasons Private Residences Denver, this extraordinary residence, set amidst a world of time-saving conveniences and refined beauty and craftsmanship, […]
The post LIV Sotheby’s International Realty lists half-floor luxury residence in Four Seasons Hotel Denver for $5.8M appeared first on Colorado Real Estate Diary.
It is becoming increasingly difficult to pass through any one of Denver’s neighborhoods without spotting an increasing number of homes that demonstrate stand-out residential design. One Hilltop home illuminating this trend will be on display at the 2017 Denver Designer Show House, an event sponsored annually by LIV Sotheby’s International Realty, that supports Children’s Hospital […]
The post Elevating Architecture and Design in Denver – LIV Sotheby’s International Realty Announces 2017 Denver Designer Show House appeared first on Colorado Real Estate Diary.
Jeff Hendley, influential real estate broker with LIV Sotheby’s International Realty, is preparing to showcase his latest significant property – 910 Gaylord Street that borders Denver Botanic Gardens. The “Green House” as locals often refer to it, sits atop one-half acre of prime real estate in the Historic Morgan’s Addition. Designed by famed architect Jacques […]
The post LIV Sotheby’s International Realty broker, Jeff Hendley cultivates Botanic Gardens property appeared first on Colorado Real Estate Diary.
Rarely does a home with as much history and charm as Denver’s historic, Starkey Mansion, located at 1350 Logan Street, in the heart of Denver, ever come to market. Owned only three times since the estate was built in 1901, this iconic mansion, famed for being home to The Starkey Institute for Household management, a […]
The post LIV Sotheby’s International Realty lists historic, Starkey Mansion in Denver appeared first on Colorado Real Estate Diary.
Nestled in the foothills of Boulder, 228 Lion Point, is an exquisitely built residence featuring both modern architecture and European influences. Inspired by the simplicity, elegance and clean modern design style of architect, Richard Meier, the home’s designer, Michael Schock, has created an extraordinary, eco-friendly home, like no other offering on today’s market. “What is […]
The post LIV Sotheby’s International Realty lists 6,000 SF eco-friendly house in the foothills of Boulder appeared first on Colorado Real Estate Diary.
Extraordinary in every detail, one modern-style Ranch stands out from all the rest in Denver. 919 South Garfield Street, designed by Principal architect, Scott Parker, of Nest Architecture, is a chic and artful residence that combines natural materials including steel, stone, glass and wood to create a modern home that exudes smart, sophisticated design. Listed […]
The post Architectural Gem Shines in Belcaro: Principal at Nest Architecture creates artful, modern appeared first on Colorado Real Estate Diary.
The content relating to real estate for sale in this Web site comes in part from the Internet Data eXchange (IDX) program of METROLIST, INC., DBA RECOLORADO © Real estate listings held by brokers other than {{{account_mls_firm_nm}}} are marked with the IDX Logo. This information is being provided for the consumer's personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any other purpose. All information subject to change and should be independently verified. See Disclaimer
The effects are considerably customizable ??in case you don?�t value a supplied platform, you can delete its feed or move it to the bottom with the webpage. Bookmark the site and go to once again whenever you want up to date information and facts.
SocialFlow is really a social distribution and monetization platform that's purpose-designed for media businesses. Our know-how enables the entire world's most thriving publishers to simply distribute partaking social information while giving them monetization prospects across various social networks. Our publishing software is used by tens of Countless journalists the world over and extends the arrive at and engagement of editorial articles and stories for the social sphere. Any time you see a news merchandise as part of your social feed, the chances are very good that it arrived through SocialFlow.
Consider SharedCount to be a primary version of BuzzSumo. Looking at a lot more than a billion requests per month, the program allows you keep an eye on the social popularity of content material. Paste a URL in the search bar to find out the number of likes and shares it's attained on Google+, LinkedIn, Pinterest and Facebook.
A popular System management Device, check out Hootsuite for social listening also. You could make a Dwell stream for every keyword you want to track, generating a grid of information that demonstrates simple engagement details.
How did you find yourself Discovering the unwritten regulations for social media etiquette? For me, it was a great deal of looking at and waiting around, a little bit of experimenting, and plenty of demo and error. When I very first began out on social media, I?experienced just the most basic principles and intuitions. Even now, I truly feel like I [?�]
Tracx is definitely an all-in-1 social media System that assists social-savvy corporations hear and react to the complete conversation online.
It scans big social media platforms, moreover blogs and news media sources. It is possible to tag distinctive discussions to research and Assess towards one another, encouraging recognize engagement alternatives.
Mintrics is an advanced social video analytics Answer meant to analyze the effectiveness of each of the client's videos throughout Fb, YouTube, Instagram and twitter in one dashboard.
It?�s probable that there may be a Mastering curve to receive likely with social Which This may effect some time it will require to get rolling and the time it will take to continue.
Each time a community event affects your brand, your workforce can not commit hrs or days crawling as a result of details before you decide to respond ?� you need to effortlessly comprehend the public reception now. Turbine Labs' Section supplies PR and Communications groups having an structured and extensive see of any celebration or subject matter. The Segment presents human-curated insights in addition to machine-processed knowledge, meaning the shipping is both equally quick and meaningful.
Amazon Whispersync mechanically syncs your previous webpage browse, bookmarks, notes and highlights across equipment (which includes Kindle), to help you get in which you still left off on One more gadget.
You may Evaluate how get more info your manufacturers or goods are perceived against the Competitiveness, as being the Instrument also allows you to Look at and contrast info from diverse keyword phrases.
Measuring ROI can be a A great deal-debated subject. We?�ve observed a lot of value in benchmarking our social media stats so we are able to Look at the performance of our posts. For ROI alone, there are lots of great ways to consider how engagement check here on social media relates on to profits, and often, these discussions make reference to the place social media suits in in the funnel, your more info buyer?�s journey. Here?�s a great funnel diagram from your Moz blog site.
Battery Professional monitors what your battery level is above a stretch of time and calculates the time remaining to vacant or total.
Copywriters create different types of marketing materials that serve different purposes, eg., promotion of products or services, educating customers, giving expert insight about a certain complex issue. Copywriters’ portfolios typically include sales brochures, web content, sales scripts, sales emails, demonstration scripts, product data sheets and white papers.
If you don’t live in a bottle deposit state, you can still cash in on recyclables by selling scrap metal. You may not have enough soda or beer cans lying around to make this worthwhile — and steel prices are so low right now, it’s not really worth the bother to go collecting them. But if you do have a lot of aluminum cans on hand, or if you have any scrap metal with copper in it, find a local recycling center and see what you’ll get (prices vary wildly by market). Still, unless you have a lot of copper pipes lying around the garage, or bags and bags and bags of old soda cans, realistically, we’re probably talking about getting $5 to $20 back.
Daddy Bruce Randolph's Legacy Lives On With Thanksgiving TraditionVolunteers will be distributing food baskets on Saturday.
3 Men Arrested After Woman Found Shot To Death And Set On FireThe Jefferson County Sheriff’s Office has arrested three men in connection with the murder of 28-year-old Cymone Duran.
Water Main Break Forces Closure Of Intersection At 47th & WashingtonThe intersection at 47th Avenue and Washington Street was closed on Monday morning because of a water main break.
Help More Students Visit The Denver Museum Of Nature And ScienceThe Denver Museum of Nature and Science is asking for your vote, in order to bring more students to the museum each year.
Latest Colorado Weather Forecast: Snow Ends, Cold Air RemainsPlan on mostly sunny skies this afternoon but the combination of fresh snow and a cold airmass over Colorado will keep temperatures below freezing.
Snowy Roads Make For Difficult Conditions For DriversSnowfall and freezing temperature across the Denver metro area created some scary conditions for drivers on the roads Sunday.
More Ski Areas Open Amid Best Early Season Ski Conditions In A DecadeEarly season ski conditions haven’t been this good in more than a decade. And now both Vail and Beaver Creek ski resorts will open early.
Former Denver Bronco Tim Tebow To Host New CBS Series 'Million Dollar Mile'Tim Tebow, former Denver Broncos quarterback, will serve as host of Million Dollar Mile, a new 10-episode high-stakes physical competition series coming to CBS.
Varlamov Stops 26 Shots, Avalanche Beat Oilers 4-1The Colorado Avalanche broke out of their slump by beating a team struggling just as much as them.
After Great Start, Nuggets Go Wrong Way In Loss To Bucks 121-114All five Bucks starters scored in double figures and four of them had 20 or more points in Milwaukee's first win at the Pepsi Center since 2010.
Marquez, Arenado, And Story Win Silver Sluggers For RockiesRockies pitcher German Marquez is making a name for himself at the other side of the plate as a hitter
From Puerto Rico To El Salvador: 3 New Latin American Restaurants In DenverHere are the newest places to check out the next time you're in the mood for tacos, fried plantains, pupusas and other Latin American food.
Tickets To Denver Zoo Lights On Sale NowTickets to Zoo Lights are on sale now, something different than previous years.
Arvada Center Classes Release Inner ArtistsThe Arvada Center offers hundreds of classes in every discipline of the arts as a way to encourage creativity.
It's Beginning To Look A Lot Like... Yep, Get Ready For The Holidays!That's right, it's time to celebrate the holidays. At least if you head to any shopping center in the nation. And the Cherry Creek Shopping Center is no exception.
Get Moving At Denver's Top 5 Fitness SpotsWhere should you venture out next time you're looking to work out? Take a look at the top fitness spots around Denver.
Legendary Promoter To Be Inducted Into Colorado Music Hall Of FameIn its seventh year, the Colorado Music Hall of Fame is set to induct two more legends into its ranks.
Help More Students Visit The Denver Museum Of Nature And ScienceThe Bus Fuel Fund helps pay for schools to send students on field trips.
Northwest Colorado Has Devastating Wildfire SeasonBLM says more than 200 wildfires charred 169 square miles this year.
DENVER (AP) – A highly touted fare card system that Denver-area transportation officials hoped would collect ridership data and help set fare pricing has been delayed at least nine months.
The Denver Post reports that Regional Transportation District board members are calling for a review of delays in the $15.3 million plan. Problems in how the devices communicate have delayed plans to install hardware on RTD’s 1,100 buses by the end of this year.
The glitch in the fare cards comes as the agency prepares to reduce transit service to save $12 million a year and ask voters to double the 0.4 percent FasTracks sales tax to complete a light rail expansion to the suburbs.
Anesthesiologist Charged In Strangulation Of NurseA veteran Colorado anesthesiologist has been charged with felony assault after witnesses say he nearly choked a nurse into unconsciousness in the recovery room at Sky Ridge Medical Center.
Watch Out For The ‘Secret Sister’ Facebook ScamAn old scam is making its way around Facebook again this holiday season.
Latest Snow Totals From Around ColoradoTotals include those reported to the National Weather Service and from CBS4 Weather Watchers.
14-20 Vehicles Involved In Crash On I-70 During Morning Snow Fall Icy and snowy conditions played a role in a massive pile-up on Interstate 70 near Vasquez Boulevard in Denver Sunday morning.
Colorado Woman Sells Communion In Pill FormOne Colorado businesswoman is taking a symbol of her faith to those on the go.
Citizen Prevents Police Chief From Being Shot By Colorado RunawayAn armed citizen is being credited with keeping the Salina City Police's chief from being shot in the back.
Standing Room Only During 1968 Time Capsule Opening In GoldenThe tower outside of Golden’s City Hall holds the bell that was rung on Armistice Day in Golden in 1918.
The ‘Toy Story 4’ Teaser Trailer Is Here - And There's A New CharacterJust when you thought you knew the whole gang, along comes someone new!
Two Workers Fatally Electrocuted At Denver Company's Mine Near MoabAuthorities say two workers were electrocuted and a third injured Saturday when industrial equipment at a potash mine in eastern Utah touched a power line.
Justice Finally Served In 1996 Murder Of Aurora WomanA case of justice that was delayed has finally served after a Colorado man was found guilty of killing his wife by burying her alive.
Cette page est également accessible sur :https://antenne-collective.toptv.biz/index_Sanyo_77340_Le-pave-de-pontault.php - https://antenne.toptv.biz/index_Hypson_77515_Pommeuse.php -
Screen Australia to fund an adaptation of Jimmy Barnes’ memoir Working Class Boy and 11 other Documentary projects
Screen Australia has announced funding for 12 documentary projects through the Documentary Producer and Commissioned programs.... Continue Reading
Disney takes on Netflix: Everything you need to know about the exclusive new content coming to Disney+ November 14, 2018 Liv Toerkell
Album Of The Week: Vance Joy – Live at Red Rocks Amphitheatre (2018 LP) November 14, 2018 Genevieve Morris
Future, Lil Uzi Vert and more announced for Rolling Loud’s Australian debut November 14, 2018 Chris Singh
It's a universal human trait. Sports can bring this to center stage because instead of armies and religions, we can invest into our favorite teams without (usually) bloodshed. Last night LeBron James made many believe. Not that he's one of the greatest to ever grace the NBA--we already knew that. But we believed that's what a man looks like when he realizes his potential.
Let's step back a moment to 2008. It's the Olympics and Usain Bolt is the fastest human alive. The gun pops and the 100m race is off the blocks. Bolt immediately jumps ahead of his competitors, showcasing his aweinspiring speed and talent. For 9 seconds, the universal human spirit is enriched by the reminder of how great we can be. About how it's worth it to be the best at whatever you do. Not for the adulation, but for the sake of doing something no one else can do.
Usain Bolt showboats, eases up at the end, and effortlessly wins the race. He kicked his legs into the air and held his hands up. While he still beat the world record, he didn't fulfill his potential. Just take a look at the video for proof. http://bit.ly/E425E
He was young and in peak condition and his world record could have been even better. But instead, he wanted to brag during the biggest moment of his life. And that's what I remember most about him: that he acted like a jackass and let us all down by scoffing at destiny. And now, he's slower than he was and is complaining about the new Omega starting blocks as an excuse for his time slipping. http://bit.ly/Kgda7x
Fast forward to last night. LeBron has the taste for blood in his mouth and the hunger for victory burning in his soul. His eyes flash focus. He dominates the court, every inch of it. Slamming down rebounds, exploiting every defensive gaffe, and puzzling the Celtics with twisting, vexing driving lanes to the hoop. At halftime, he said he only wanted to be aggressive and keep up the aggression. And that he did. And we love him for it. He took what was his. He awakened the conqueror in us all. The pursuit of excellence that drives the building of cities and great romances. LeBron dominated for four quarters and rightfully annihilated Boston. And I believe once more that potential fulfilled is beauty incarnate.
Labels: 2012, bolt, eastern conference finals, game 6, greatness, human spirit, lebron, nba, playoffs, potential fulfilled, usain
Think about the last mistake you made. Betting it was wrought from the karmic crime of hubris. Hey, happens to me all the time. Whether I'm playing hard for the win in a match or even reading some work and incessantly analyzing. It's our nature to think we're good. We have to or else we get depressed. Comes from a very basic drive to breed--"my genes are better than yours," said your school-yard zygote to your competitors.
But what if they're not (and they probably aren't). There's always someone better than you are. Never forget it. In fact, cherry top it with that there are more than a handful people better than you at living, or cooking, or tennis, or riding a carousel, whatever. That motivates me, after I shrug off the feelings of inadequacy of course. If it doesn't motivate you to be better, examine why. Competition cleanses us of the extraneous and if you can't even be competitive with yourself, Houston--we have a problem.
"Brent, you're being judgmental." I can imagine you say, "it's only your first blog post back since 1989 Tiananmen." Alright, I'll ease off on the unsolicited advice. I was writing a book today (for work) and was reminded that most of my best work comes when feel good, yet don't trust what's coming off my finger-tips is my best work. One's first try is often the right direction, but usually never the complete, illustrated map. Kick your own ass every once in a while (not too often or you'll bleed on your favorite shirt accidentally and you don't want high dry cleaning bills).
I'm a writer, reader, hard worker, faux-numismatist, and overall swell guy. I enjoy clogs, pedalboat racing, and cardboard cutouts of celebrities skiing down mountains.
Welcome to the HotShotsGolf.com Community! Please take time to read the Official Rules of Conduct to help us keep the community suitable for gamers of all ages. We hope you enjoy the site and all that the the HSG Community has to offer. Please feel free to contact any member of the Moderating Team if you have any questions or concerns.
Tanizaki had an abhorrence of the well-lit toilet, the distant nocturnal view ruined by urban electric lighting, the white ceramic tableware which took away the mystery from a bowl of soup.
Tanizaki has written that the Japanese language is completely different from English or other Western languages, that it is special and in some ways superior to Western languages…Tanizaki is a very brilliant novelist and a great man, but I don’t agree with him, because there is no superiority of one language to other languages. It’s just not true.
Tanizaki’s dynamic blend of dissatisfaction and openness, his heightened sense of the contrary pulls of tradition and innovation, gave him an ideal vantage for analyzing the shifting of his own culture.
Tweet this quote Read the full piece at New York Review of Books Brad Leithauser New York Review of Books 1985
We’re collecting interesting thoughts from clever people about good books (and one another). For example: what Colm Tóibín said about On Chesil Beach.
Infoporn (noun, uncountable): Information which does not serve a purpose other than to hold the attention of its audience; information for information's sake.
We're running an Online Hiring Event this Saturday to hire C# (.NET) Software Engineers ($30K/yr) Online Hiring Events are live forums designed to enable you to understand the role and requirements through an interactive Q&amp;A session followed by a self-directed testing process. The testing takes between 3-5 hours to ..
We're running an Online Hiring Event this Saturday to hire C# (.NET) Software Engineers (USD $30K/yr). This event will include testing. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-time role. As a Software Engin ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament this Saturday to hire C# (.NET) Software Engineers (USD $30K/yr). This event will include testing. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-time role. As a Software ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 16th to hire NetSuite Chief Architects ($50/hour). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-time role. Th ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 16th to hire Java Software Engineering Managers (USD $100K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-ti ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 16th to hire SaaSOps Chief Software Architects (USD $100K/yr). This event will include testing. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-time role. As a SaaS ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire SalesForce Developer ($60K/yr). This event will include testing. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-time role. You can see more details about ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire SalesForce Software Engineering Managers ($100K/yr). This event will include testing. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-time role. You c ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire VP's of Finance ($200K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This tournament will be hosted for our client ESW ..
SVP of Customer Support - $33,000/month - ONLINE HIRING TOURNAMENT We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire SVP of Customer Support ($400K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with t ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire SVPs of Professional Services (USD $400K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-time role. ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire SaaSOps Software Engineering Managers (USD $100K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-ti ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire Senior Channel Sales Executives ($200K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-time role. ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire Senior Presales Engineers (USD $200K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-time role. ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire VPs of Engineering (USD $200K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager, who can hire 15 VPs this week. This is a 100% r ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire C++ Software Engineers (USD $30K/yr). If you are not familiar with any of this technology, you should not attend the event as we currently have openings only in this role. This event will include testing. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire C# (.NET) Software Architects (USD $60K/yr). This event will include testing. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager, who can hire 20 C# (.NET) Software Architects. This is ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire Java Chief Software Architects (USD $100K/yr). This event will include testing. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-time role. As a Chief Ar ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire Cloud Chief Software Architects (USD $100K/yr). As a Chief Architect you will be responsible for developing solutions to complex architectural problems, designing and delivering real enterprise-class software products to customers and being a hands-on pee ..
Financial Analyst (French/German) - $2500/month - REMOTE WORK We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 9th to hire Financial Analysts ($30K/yr) with English and/or French and/or German language skills. This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on June 2nd to hire Senior Strategic Account Executives (USD $400K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, full-ti ..
SVP of Technical Product Management - USD$33,000/month - REMOTE WORK The Senior Vice President of Technical Product Management directly impacts the success of our organization via our product teams.We need someone who can be responsible for for building and managing an elite Technical Product Management team. Each membe ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on May 19th to hire SVPs of Engineering &amp; Operations (USD $400K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager, who can hire 5 SVPs the next we ..
Software Engineering Manager - $8250/month - REMOTE WORK We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on May 19th to hire Software Engineering Managers (USD $100K/yr) with expertise in C# (.NET) OR Java OR SaaSOps OR Python OR QA. This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the even ..
​ WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING The Vice President of Technical Product Management works with our product teams to design, maintain, and improve products and features within our organizations portfolio.As Vice President of Technical Product Management, you will be expected to make informed ImportantTechnical Decisions (ITDs) for ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on April 28th to hire SVPs of Engineering &amp; Operations (USD $400K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager, who can hire 5 SVPs the next ..
WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING The Senior Vice President of Technical Product Management directly impacts the success of our organization via our product teams.We need someone who can be responsible for for building and managing an elite Technical Product Management team. Each member of this elite team holds the title of “Vice ..
We're running an Online Hiring Tournament on February 24th to hire VP's of Technical Product Management (USD $200K/yr). This event will include all testing for the role. Upon grading the deliverables from the event, we will set up qualified candidates with an interview with the hiring manager. This is a 100% remote, f ..
The Vice President of Technical Product Management works with our product teams to design, maintain, and improve products and features within our organizations portfolio.As Vice President of Technical Product Management, you will be expected to make informed Important Technical Decisions (ITDs) for a product and deliver ..
Huayu International Hotel provides you with various of famous Chinese and western dishes including Hunan cuisine, Sichuan cuisine, Guangdong cuisine, western dinner and Japanese cuisine. We have dining rooms and multi-functional rooms in different styles to provide you elegant places to feast your friends and families.
Emily - strength and growth for upcoming surgery. Jennifer and family in loss of her grandmother and safe travels for Nick, Jenn, Noah, Sean and Lucas. Kevin to lead his family to Jesus. Jerry lead his family to Jesus. Rocky multiple health issues. Diann diabetes control and healing from her toe amputation. Praises for Sarah - she was baptized and now has a relationship with God. Julie's recovery. Thank you.
Client of the month for November is Anderson Barrowcliff. The accountancy firm is working to strengthen businesses across the Tees Valley and wider North East, helping with funding applications, accounts support and refinancing amongst much more!
Harvey & Hugo Ltd registered office is at Business Central, 2 Union Square, Central Park, Darlington, DL1 1GL.
likefun.me | Interesting sayings and phrases indie, life, loneliness, lonely, love, lovely, old, people, rock, sad & film from the dark side of indie… hosted by Mishkin Fitzgerald
South Haven Tribune - Schools, Education 2.15.16A sticky head admits minority sports unlikely to get airtime after olympics Source: http://www.activityvillage.co.uk/winter-olympics-puzzles
Thank God | Sayings | Pinterest Pinning for my dear friend, Paula, who died today leaving a husband loving memory quotes | sending a dove to Heaven with a parcel on
Military Quotes on Pinterest | Military Quotes, Inspirational Military Military on Pinterest | Military Quotes, Funny Military and Soldiers quotes quotes for walls military recruiting in high schools quotes
found this print right after Ray died. It came in a small picture birthday wish for brother in heaven | Rosss 6th year in heaven 2012 · Are you Addicted To The Game Called Seven Little Words
South Haven Tribune - Schools, Education 2.15.16A sticky Unit 3 - The Greek Civilization Act One: Early Greece Act Two: The Free Printable Inspirational Poems | Inspirational poems with picture
Here is a round up of all the coupons I posted in the last 24 hours in case you missed them! Print them now before they are gone!
Disclosure: This post contains affiliate link which continue to keep this site free. See my disclosure policy here
Hi, I am so glad you stopped by! I am a wife & mom trying to make the most of what I have. I love to shop deals, save money, be crafty, cook good food, and laugh! Feel free to ask any questions or share any of your own tips!
Archives Select Month August 2018 November 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010
In April 1980, armed gunmen stormed the Iranian Embassy in Princes Gate, London and took all inside hostage. Over the next six days a tense standoff took place, all the while a group of highly trained soldiers from the SAS prepared for a raid the world had never seen the likes of.
Once again the award winning Canadian based artist, Ibraheem Youssef was inspired to create yet another series of his art posters, and we are happy to see them. This time he picked American film-maker Wes Anderson’s work as his subject. The collection includes his takes on Anderson’s films such as “The Life Aquatic”, “Bottle Rocket” and “Moonrise Kingdom”.
Ibraheem Youssef has also worked his creative magic with films such as “Kill Bill” and “Pulp Fiction” (both movies from the mind of writer, director and producer Quentin Tarantino) and a handful of T.V. shows like “Curb Your Enthusiasm” and even a poster for a standup event by comedian Aziz Ansari in 2010.
Youssef’s creations are as fresh and unique as they are beautiful and everlasting. There is an earthy, whimsy quality that is exciting to see and with the verity of colors, shapes, and styles it is next to impossible to pick which is your favorite.
There are so many more of Ibraheem Youssef’s modern masterpieces that can be found on his very own website, make sure to check them out.
I know that I can not be the only one who is anxiously waiting to see what this talented artist’s mind comes up with next!
W. B. Cornwell is a genealogist blogger, a published novelist, and an award-winning poet, whose works have been featured in over a dozen books. With his cousin Amelia N. Williams, he writes horror under their family-inspired pen-name Storm Sandlin. Cornwell has also taken part in producing poetry collections for charitable causes.
This is THE Worlds Largest Forum devoted to the Norfolk Broads, here you can discuss issues about the Norfolk Broads. Or just somewhere to chat with others interested in the Norfolk Broads area. In 2015 forum members spent 2,048 days afloat on the Broads
Add To Ignore List The new look version of BroadsNet is now live. It has been designed to look good on all devices from large screen monitors to mobile phones. New content has been added with updates planned to correct out of date information. I hope you like it
Thanks for the link Alan. I have one to yours on my Links page. It was buried away on a tab in the Introduction page on the old site. I decided to have a dedicated links page on the new site.
Discuss historical events and information concerning any culture, time, or location in our world (or even the frontier beyond).
Discuss events that have an impact on you and the world today. A home for honest, serious, and open discussion.
Target Brainstorms Its always tricky to think of a sufficient amount of targets to teach for various goals in an ABA…
Manding and natural environment teaching (NET) are two essential components of an ABA program for children with autism who are not yet…
It’s been a while since I last had time to do some blogging, but I have have been busy traveling. In January I went a week to Tenerife with my family and some good friends. We went for general beach relaxation at El Medano, but also a bit of rock climbing. It was a super fun week! We climbed in the Arico gorge and a little bit at the Las Canadas plateau in the middle of the island. The plateau is located at 2200 meters so it was a rather chilly experience to climb here, but a little cold can’t distract from the fact that it is a marvellous setting with a view to the Teide volcano. In the Arico gorge it was warm and pleasant during the day.
I had fun shooting some pictures on a regular old fashioned SLR film camera. The film is the new Kodak Ektar 100 – I am quite pleased with the results so I hope you enjoy the pictures.
Copyright © 2018, Frontpoint Sport. Proudly powered by WordPress. Blackoot design by Iceable Themes.
As Private Eye’s spoof Jeremy Corbyn column always starts, “Hello, it’s me again.” Those of you relieved by my revelation last year that I’m hoping to retire and hand the Editorship over to a suitable successor will no doubt be disappointed to know this! But as wishful thinking gives way to reality, it’s taking longer than I had imagined: it seems I’ll be here for a few more issues yet. Planning continues apace behind the scenes though, and good possibilities are evolving. I enter my 40th year at the helm feeling confident that I’ll get let off for good behaviour and awarded my cardboard sundial before the 40th anniversary in a year’s time.
The good news, though, is that we were absolutely thrilled by the reception our new! bigger! better quality! quarterly-style Spring issue got. It’s a very British thing that most people only ever bother to make contact when they want to complain about something. We’ve got used to assuming that our readers are happy with the magazine simply because they regularly re-subscribe in industry-bogglingly high percentages. So when the congratulatory emails and social media messages began to flood in, it genuinely and happily took me by surprise. And there’s been a good net gain in subscriptions too. Phew, hurrah, etc.
It seems that a substantial physical product that you can get really stuck into is what many of you like. Quite a few commented that a big satisfying read once a quarter was far more likely to be enjoyed in depth than a monthly one which comes around too often and sometimes only gets skimmed. You like the contemporary non-glossy, non-shouty look and weighty feel with better paper. You even like the smell of it! And hardly anybody complained about the new price: after all, twice the price for double the size, with more than double the editorial content, is hardly a rip-off. And as I pointed out to the couple of doubters, cut it in half horizontally, place one half on top of the other, and you’ve got the physical equivalent of a nearly 300-page paperback book. Oh yes!
I personally want to give a massive “thank you” to longtime Deputy Editor Sarah Coxson who left us at the end of April to concentrate on her artist agency work and a better quality of life in her new home in North Wales. They say that nobody is indispensable but Sarah will come very close to it. She first came to fRoots in the mid-1980s to do a week’s work experience for her A-levels, and throughout various life and career changes, never really left! We know her input will continue to be invaluable as we navigate the current changes. And not just trouser criticism.
Personal acquaintances of our long-retired Reviews editor Stella Washburn will welcome her daughter Lily to the Reviews and News desk, with talented assistants. There have of course been other changes behind the scenes to reflect necessarily different work patterns which concentrate around issue pre-press and publication times and go quieter at others. As a result of changing to quarterly, key staff roles have altered and at the longer quiet periods have become part-time: our apologies if you don’t always get an immediate response to emails and voicemail messages at those points. Thanks to everybody (and in particular our long-suffering staff) for adapting to this!
And so to music… There have been a number of times in the past when, purely by accident rather than intention, we’ve had entire issues where all the features have been on women artists. We deliberately never flagged those up, why should we? And I’ve occasionally gone back and done a tot-up of the numbers of different categories of artists who have featured on our covers over the preceding few years: generally, without trying, solo women and men have been in balance and mixed-gender bands/duos (or the occasional all-women ones) have greatly exceeded the all-male. Which is as it should be, yes?
But a growing amount of very justifiable miffed-ness by women artists, particularly in Scotland, over gender balance on festival bills, followed by the widely criticised Folk Awards all-male ‘Musician Of The Year’ nominees list, made it clear that just doing our silent bit for equality wasn’t enough. And it was also obvious that, if we were going to stand up and make a point, then Elizabeth Kinder – as a musician herself (buy her a pint of Babycham and she’ll tell you her CV) – was the writer to set on it. However, even I wasn’t prepared for the worm can it opens. It’s the sort of feature that I’m really proud to have published. 6000-plus words. Because we can.
I’m also really pleased to have shone a backward spotlight this issue on the 1965 Keele Folk Festival. It seems that these days most festivals – there are obvious exceptions – are really little more than a series of differently sized concert stages and sideshows. Perhaps the sort of talking workshops and discussions presented by experts that Keele specialised in more than fifty years ago deserve to be brought back. There are many out there with years of accumulated experience and knowledge that deserves to be passed on or debated, and our whole musical world could benefit from it.
Many CDs featured in fRoots (and a wide range of books, DVDs and other products) can be purchased from Amazon.co.uk. Click through to Amazon.co.uk here. Anything you buy while connected from this link will cost you nothing extra but earn a small commission for fRoots, contributing towards the costs of maintaining the resources we provide.
Don’t overlook court records – including civil, criminal techniques would be much more in-depth, and involve a number of private information sources like credit reports and banking detail reports. The ultimate White Pages Search Yahoo, WhoWhere, Switchboard, Institutions, Private investigators and related persons to assist them in locating individuals How up to date are the records? Lawyers seek out the service to find witnesses they can turn to “skip tracing” tools as they are called in the industry. And educational institutions rely on a ‘land line,’ but it’s still worth a shot – you might get
Skip Trace Secrets – Dirty Little Tricks Skip Tracers Use to Find People Private Investigators Repomen Bounty Hunters Debt Collectors Process Servers Social Tracking How approximately $3.5 million in collection dollars for a regional retail credit card provider. Or you’re an Attorney who really needs fast, ... read more provider of accurate, in depth investigative and skip tracing data. ZabaSearch – ZABASEARCH is a free people difficult and you've made Skiptrace some bad decisions, but now is the time to forget about all that and try to enjoy yourself. TLOxp’s linking algorithms work to deliver
The AP reports a bill approved by the Arizona House would make it legal for a person without a concealed carry permit to have a gun in a closed purse in an automobile.
Violations of that law are misdemeanors punishable by up to six months in jail and a fine of up to 2,500 dollars.
It's already legal under the weapons misconduct law for a person without a concealed carry permit to have a gun in a case, holster or luggage in an automobile or in the automobile's storage compartments.
“Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, who has been accused in recent days of padding her foreign policy rèsumè while First Lady, admitted today that she may have exaggerated about an encounter she said she had with al-Qaeda terror mastermind Osama bin Laden in 1998. In an appearance on NBC’s ‘Meet the Press’ on Sunday, Sen. Clinton told host Tim Russert, ‘I wrestled bin Laden in his cave in 1998 and had him pinned to the ground before the bastard got away.’ But a review of Sen. Clinton’s official White House schedule from that period revealed that the then-First Lady was nowhere in the vicinity of Mr. bin Laden on that day, but was instead greeting a group of honor roll students at Disney World in Orlando. ‘I may have misspoke about what went on that particular day,’ Sen. Clinton said today. ‘But it was a very busy time for me, what with having that knife-fight with Kim Jong-Il and all.’ Reporters peppered Sen. Clinton’s new press spokesman with questions about another purported exploit of hers, in which the senator claimed that she and a ragtag team of blue-collar drillers deflected an asteroid on a collision course with the Earth.” —Andy Borowitz
GunPundit tells us about Florida House allowing some gun owners to bring their weapons to work and leave them in their vehicles.
We already have that in Kentucky, with few exceptions. Now, just say that, even before the law allowed it, I had a firearm in my vehicle at work every day for the last, oh, say twelve years. Who did that hurt?
State legislators could use a good talking to from and about responsible, law-abiding gun owners who should be able to carry any where they have a right to be.
ATF says the increases (in AK type weapons. GBW) in the first half of the 1990s are partly the result of wider usage of its weapons database by local law enforcement agencies. But after that point, the numbers reflect a real increase in tracings of AK-type guns, the agency acknowledged.
The numbers corroborate what police chiefs around the country have been saying: AKs and other so-called assault weapons are terrorizing their communities and endangering their officers.
Gee, and all this time I thought it was CRIMINALS who were terrorizing their communities and endangering their officers. This must be an extremely rare variant of the AK-47 only found in the Southeast United States. They apparently have a BRAIN and LEGS with which to carry out their terrorizing and endangering.
It's a good thing some of these "so-called assault weapons" (at least he got that right) apparently have brains, because otherwise there seems to be a severe shortage, at least as evidenced in certain journalistic circles.
.014% out of 50,000 Minnesota concealed carry permit holders used a gun in the furtherance of a crime, says John Reep in the St. Cloud Times.
Can't find the report online. If you know where it is, let me know. I thought the KY State Police were supposed to do something similar, but I've never seen it.
In keeping with my earlier post about what my young cousin may see in the next 89 years, I give you, "Printing Organs on Demand?"
According to MU, “the team used bio-ink particles, or spheres containing 10,000 to 40,000 cells, and assembled, or ‘printed,’ them on to sheets of organic, cell friendly ‘bio-paper.’ Once printed, the spheres began to fuse in the bio-paper into one structure.” Nature adds that “when they printed out cardiac and endothelial cells, the cells fused into a tissue after 70 hours, and began beating in time like regular heart tissue after 90 hours.”
Of course, whenever gun ownership rights are debated, anti-gun activists like to point out that about 30,000 people are killed by guns in America every year -- although they seldom note that about 60 percent of those deaths are suicides, or that the firearm murder rate has dropped by 40 percent in the past 15 years, or that far more people are killed by motor vehicles or medical malpractice every year than are killed by guns.
Once again, that's a hard thing to quantify. One U.S. government survey in the 1990s estimated that more than 80,000 Americans a year used guns in an effort to protect themselves or their property against crime. Other estimates put the number far higher, at more than 2 million crimes prevented each year by the presence of privately-owned firearms.
But those are estimates and extrapolations – which means we can argue about the numbers all day long.
Still, this much is clear. When faced with a violent criminal in his house in the middle of the night, it would be hard to argue that that homeowner in Irvine (CA) would have been better off without a gun.
Posting has been a bit light, even for me. On the road quite a bit, house guests, my grandmother's 89th birthday. I'm fifty-something, but I'm still young enough that that boggles my mind. The 97 year old friend that was sitting beside her didn't help.
The National Republican Congressional Campaign Committee (NRCC) has included five Southern congressional districts among its 24 targets for making US House gains in this fall’s elections. The five Democratic incumbents that the GOP will focus on in Dixie are Nick Lampson (TX 22), Tim Mahoney (FL 16), Jim Marshall (GA 8), Ciro Rodriguez (TX 23) and John Yarmuth (KY 3). All are freshmen, when incumbents are traditionally most vulnerable, except Marshall, who was elected in 2002.
A SurveyUSA poll of Kentucky voters released March 19 shows John McCain leading both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton by significant margins. McCain beat Obama 64% to 28%, a whopping 36-point margin, and beat Clinton by a still healthy 53% to 43%. While the Democratic candidates were not pitted against each other, the fact that even among Democrats, McCain garnered more votes than Obama suggests that Clinton will win the Bluegrass State’s May 20 primary.
Columbia, SC - The state Senate, lead by the Republican Caucus, gave key approval today to a measure that will increase reciprocity for concealed weapons permit holders. The bill (H.3212) increases the number of states that will recognize South Carolina’s concealed weapons permit while allowing an additional 14 states’ permit holders to legally carry a concealed weapon in South Carolina.
Senator Jim Ritchie (R-Spartanburg), Majority Whip, led the floor effort that led to Senate approval today. “The Senate-passed bill has the full support of both the NRA and South Carolina law enforcement,”
says Senator Ritchie. “We were able to maintain the high standards South Carolina requires to obtain a concealed weapons permit while expanding reciprocity to 14 additional states. This is a victory for the second amendment and the people of South Carolina.”
H. 3212 provides for the recognition of valid out-of-state permits by residents of a reciprocal state as long as the reciprocal state requires applicants to successfully pass a state and federal criminal background check and a firearms safety and training course. Residents from other states will be subject to the same concealed weapons permit laws as South Carolinians while in the state.
The bill passed today would expand the states recognizing South Carolina’s concealed weapons permit to include: Colorado, Florida, Maine, Minnesota, Nebraska and Nevada.
South Carolina currently recognizes the concealed weapons permits of the following states: Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Kansas, Louisiana, Michigan, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio, Texas, Tennessee and Wyoming.
Today’s action will expand that list to include: Colorado, Florida, Idaho, Kentucky, Maine, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Utah, Virginia and Wyoming. A reciprocity agreement with West Virginia is pending.
“The Democratic party is very close to being the [Communist-controlled Progressive] party of Henry Wallace... Today’s left sees the world pretty much in the same terms as the Stalinists did. What has happened is that it has lost its faith in the working class, so its agenda is entirely negative. They’ve dropped the dictatorship of the proletariat and they all say they’re democrats, but so did Lenin. The vast bulk of the American left is a Communist left and they’ve introduced some fascist ideas like ‘identity politics,’ which is straight out of Mussolini. They don’t talk about the working class, they talk about women and race. There’s not much that they’ve learned from the history of the 20th century.” —David Horowitz
Prior to the midterm elections, my rabbi was taking a lot of flack. The congregation is exclusively liberal, he is a self-described independent (read ‘conservative’), and he was driving the flock wild. Why? Because a) he never discussed politics; and b) he taught that the quality of political discourse must be addressed first—that Jewish law teaches that it is incumbent upon each person to hear the other fellow out. I, like many of the liberal congregation, began, teeth grinding, to attempt to do so. And in doing so, I recognized that I held two views of America (politics, government, corporations, the military). One was of a state where everything was magically wrong and must be immediately corrected at any cost; and the other—the world in which I actually functioned day to day—was made up of people, most of whom were reasonably trying to maximize their comfort by getting along with each other (in the workplace, the marketplace, the jury room, on the freeway, even at the school-board meeting).
I realized that the time had come for me to avow my participation in that America in which I chose to live, and that that country was not a schoolroom teaching values, but a marketplace. I began reading not only the economics of Thomas Sowell (our greatest contemporary philosopher) but Milton Friedman, Paul Johnson, and Shelby Steele, and a host of conservative writers, and found that I agreed with them: a free-market understanding of the world meshes more perfectly with my experience than that idealistic vision I called liberalism.”
Oleg Volk is a a national treasure. Click the link to see much more. He's referring to TN law, but it's a felony in Kentucky, too.
The column by Nicole Brochu in The Sun-Sentinel is the usual mass of PSH cliches. And as usual, the comments are lively. Some not very well thought out, but lively
"A person would only have a split second to react, and that's only if they KNEW what was going on. If you listen to the witness statements, you'll notice that most folks weren't really sure what was going on until it was almost over. I don't know what the answer is, maybe we should start licensing guns the way we do cars, with titles and yearly fees - not that it would help if a deranged person wanted a gun, but we gotta start somewhere. Do they still have the gun buy-back program? We also need more AFFORDABLE mental health care. The average person struggling from check to check cannot afford it, and if they do have insurance, it's still so expensive that many feel it's out of reach for them. The free mental health care is often un-advertised to the point that most people don't know it exists.
If I traded in one car for a newer model do I still have to wait five to ten days to pick the new one up. No
Would I have to turn over to the government without compensation some models of automobiles that might be banned years after I buy them. No
In some places (e.g. NYC or New Jersey) would I first need a permit to buy from the police department which sometimes takes up to 2 years to obtain. No
Can I legally drive my car into any state/city in the nation with every jurisdiction honoring my registration/license? Yes
Mostly what Novak's article shows is that the GOP may have known how to win the elections, but still don't have a clue how to govern.
The president and his senior staff were stunned to learn, on the day it was issued, that Clement's petition called on the high court to return the case to the appeals court. The solicitor general argued that Silberman's opinion supporting individual gun rights was so broad that it would endanger federal gun control laws such as the bar on owning machine guns. The president could have ordered a revised brief by Clement.
The more plausible explanation for Clement's stance is that he could not resist opposition to individual gun rights by career lawyers in the Justice Department's Criminal Division (who clashed with the Office of Legal Counsel in a heated internal struggle). Newly installed Attorney General Michael Mukasey, a neophyte at Justice, was unaware of the conflict and learned about Clement's position only after it had been locked in.
WHITESBURG - A former Letcher County resident was convicted of drug trafficking after failing to convince a jury that police had arrested the wrong person.
Following a two-day trial before Letcher Circuit Judge Samuel T. Wright III, 31-year-old James Holland was found guilty of second-degree trafficking.
Holland, who now lives on Sama Road in Burnside (Pulaski County), had turned down a plea offer that would have given him probation.
Police arrested Holland on May 22, 2007, for selling Hydrocodone pills to an undercover UNITE detective on September 23, 2005.
During the trial, which began Monday, March 11, Holland's attorney argued that someone else had made the sale that police had arrested the wrong person.
Although Holland had changed his appearance, Assistant Commonwealth Attorney Kevin R. Mullins presented evidence linking him with the crime.
Mullins showed that the vehicle used at the time of the sale was registered to Holland, that Holland had given the undercover detective directions to his home if he wanted to purchase more pills, and that Holland had stated he was behind on his child support payments - which was confirmed through court records.
Jury members recommended Holland receive the maximum 5 years in jail when he is formally sentenced at 9 a.m. Wednesday, April 23.
Anti-Gun Politicians, Are You Listening? NAS Says Ballistic Imaging Database "Should Not Be Established"
On March 5, the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) released Ballistic Imaging, the report of a committee it assigned to evaluate the feasibility, accuracy, and technical capability of a possible national database of so-called “ballistic” images from all new guns sold in the United States.
The committee considered dozens of factors, including the uniqueness of images, the ability of imaging systems to capture images, the odds against images in a database being matched with cartridge cases and/or bullets found at crime scenes, the fact that “there is a huge existing supply of weapons and ammunition that would not be entered into the database,” and the fact that criminals can beat the system by using guns that do not leave brass at crime scenes, such as revolvers. After all was said and done, the committee concluded, “A national reference ballistic image database should not be established.”
The committee’s chairman, John Rolph, a professor of statistics at the University of Southern California’s Marshall School of Business, additionally explained, “current technology for collecting and comparing toolmarks [left on bullets and brass cases] is not sufficiently precise in distinguishing extremely fine marks among so many images.” Among other limitations, “the type or brand of ammunition used in the initial firing of a gun would not necessarily be the same as the ammunition later used in a crime [and the] difference could be a significant source of error.”
Instead of an imaging database, the report recommended ways to improve BATFE’s existing database of crime-related ballistic evidence, called the National Integrated Ballistic Information Network, or NIBIN.
The good news for gun owners is that a highly regarded committee of experts, including some who are known supporters of gun control, have concluded--as NRA has been saying all along--that an image database is not necessarily capable of the crime-solving solutions its advocates have long claimed.
On the other hand, the report also recommended research on micro-stamping of both guns and ammunition, noting that studies have not yet determined how durable micro-stamped marks are under various firing conditions, how susceptible they are to tampering, or what their cost would be for manufacturers and consumers.
That portion of the report will likely be cited by anti-gun groups and politicians as evidence in favor of requiring that bullets and brass cases be micro-stamped with unique codes, either by the manufacturer during production (proposed in 13 states recently), or by guns mandatorily equipped with special breech faces, firing pins, or other internal parts (mandated in California last year and proposed in Congress by Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass., in February).
The danger, in addition to the fact that neither imaging nor micro-stamping has been proven to be able to help police solve crimes, or is in any way necessary for that purpose, is that neither could be effective without the imposition of laws that are anathema to the right to arms, such as registration of guns and ammunition to their purchasers and owners; a ban on private sales of guns and ammunition; and a ban on the manufacture, importation, sale and possession of guns from which images have not been taken, guns that do not stamp codes on fired ammunition, and ammunition that has not been stamped with a code.
“The fact that an obese person becomes ill, or a cyclist has an accident, and becomes a burden on taxpayers who must bear the expense of taking care of him, is not a problem of liberty. It’s a problem of socialism where one person is forced to take care of another. There is no moral argument that justifies using the coercive powers of government to force one person to bear the expense of taking care of another... Forcing one person to bear the burden of health care costs for another is not only a moral question but a major threat to personal liberty. Think about all the behaviors and lifestyles that can lead to illness and increase the burden on taxpayers. A daily salt intake exceeding 6 grams can lead to hypertension. A high-fat diet and high alcohol intake can also lead to diabetes. A sedentary lifestyle can lead to several costly diseases such as hypertension, diabetes and heart failure. There are many other behaviors that lead to a greater health care burden, but my question is how much control over your life you are willing to give government in the name of reducing these costs? Would you want government to regulate how much salt you use? What about government deciding how much fat and alcohol you consume? There are immense beneficial health effects of a daily 30-minute aerobic exercise. Would you support government-mandated exercise? You might argue that it’s none of government’s business how much fat, salt or alcohol a person consumes, even if it has adverse health care cost implications. I’d ask: Wouldn’t the same reasoning apply to helmet laws and proposed obesity laws?” —Walter Williams
“I favor a policy of economy, not because I wish to save money, but because I wish to save people. The men and women of this country who toil are the ones who bear the cost of the government. Every dollar that we save means that their life will be so much the more abundant. Economy is idealism in its most practical form.” —Calvin Coolidge
It's been 31 years, 119 days since this evil handgun came into my possession. I keep waiting for someone to knock on my door and tell me my handgun has killed someone, but it hasn't happened. Yet.
I'm sure it will. Handguns are evil. Handguns kill people. It's just a matter of time before my handgun kills someone. It has to happen. Blood will run in the streets. It's inevitable. That's what Mr. Helmke and his ilk tell us over and over. They've said it so long it must be true.
Apparently, it doesn't make any difference that the handgun's owner is a responsible, law-abiding adult who's never had more to do with LEOs than a few traffic tickets and benevolent association donations. That gun will kill. It has to happen. It's just a matter of time.
So, I'm waiting for that knock on the door or the article in the paper that reveals the true nature of my handgun. An object so bloodthirsty and evil by its very nature cannot hide its essence forever. It must rise up. It has to happen. It's inevitable. It's just a matter of time.
But, it has been a matter of many years. Maybe my handgun just doesn't have the force of will of those handguns who have killed. Yeah, that's it. My handgun must be one of those that has to simmer for a really, really long period of time before it boils over into violence. It must. It's evil. They've said it so long it must be true
On Monday, President Bush posthumously awarded Master Sgt. Woodrow Wilson Keeble the Medal of Honor. Keeble, the first Sioux Indian to receive the nation’s highest award, died in 1982. “On behalf of our grateful nation, I deeply regret that this tribute comes decades too late,” President Bush said. Though fellow soldiers, family and friends had been trying for years—twice the paperwork was lost—the deadline for the award eventually passed. This year, Sens. Byron Dorgan and Kent Conrad (D-ND) and Tim Johnson (D-SD) and John Thune (R-SD) introduced legislation to ensure the rightful awarding of this medal.
Keeble was a veteran of World War II and Korea, where he received more than 30 citations, including the Distinguished Service Cross, the Silver Star, the Bronze Star with combat “V” for Valor and two Purple Hearts. It was in Korea that his actions earned the Medal of Honor. In 1951, Keeble was fighting with George Company of the 164th Infantry Regiment. He was wounded in battle on 15 October, and then again on 17, 18 and 20 October. He received the Silver Star for his bravery on the 18th, and on the 19th doctors removed 83 pieces of shrapnel from his body, including his face, and tended to two rifle wounds in his left arm. On the 20th, Keeble was back in action; he killed a dozen enemy soldiers and took out three machine-gun bunkers, saving a number of his men. His men recommended him for the Medal. During Monday’s ceremony, the President concluded, “We can tell his story, and we can honor his memory, and we can follow his lead.”
Yitzhak Dadon, a seminary student, said he was armed with a rifle and waited on the roof of a nearby building during the attack.
"He came out of the library spraying automatic fire. ... The terrorist came to the entrance and I shot him twice in the head," he said.
"They were still shooting when we got here," he told Channel 10 TV. "We took cover and the ambulance was hit. It's horrible inside - dead bodies and wounded - it's horrific."
Another witness told Israel TV that he heard both single shots and automatic gunfire from inside the building, and it lasted for about 10 minutes.
Jerusalem police spokesman Shmuel Ben Ruby said one of the gunmen who attacked the seminary was wearing what at first appeared to be an explosives vest but turned out to be a belt holding extra ammunition.
"One or two terrorists infiltrated the Mercaz Harav seminary and opened fire in all directions," the police spokesman said. "One terrorist was killed in an exchange of fire, and apparently he had an explosives belt."
The Israelis understand you must protect yourself. It is often death to depend on others to protect you.
I dont think that the question is should be be able to carry guns but rather how can we reform security on campus. Maybe reinventing school security into a stronger force will quell the pro gun students after all isnt this topic just a question of school security? However i dont call for every security officer on campus to carry an assualt rifle but rather be trained in the proper use of firearms and have a somewhat selfless attitude while on the job unlike the police around the country that stand by and watch the situation play out. (sic)
TU Student, this is not a problem of "school security". It is a problem of personal security and self-defense. No school can ever be secure. Weapons, sometimes firearms, are found in "secure" prisons on a daily basis.
And as so many have said before, unless you have a personal security officer assigned to you 24/7, if something happens you still have to call them (if you're able) and wait for them to get there.
Suppose you are sitting in class, and someone walks through the door, shoots the teacher, and turns and points his weapon at the class. Your mobile phone is on your desk. While the gunman is deciding who to shoot, you pick up your phone, dial 911 to call the police (or perhaps you have a speed dial to campus security), and wait for them to answer the phone. You give your name and location and describe the situation to the operator who immediately dispatches someone to your location.
Suppose there is a police car with two officers on the next block and they respond immediately. How long from the time you dialed the phone until they pull up out front? How many people will die before the officers know enough about the situation to do anything about it? Will you be one of them? Would it be a stretch to assume the gunman might target anyone making a phone call? Wouldn't it be more likely that no one would be making that call, but trying desperately to get away and thereby increasing the time that initial call is made?
Beefing up security isn't a bad idea. But wouldn't you much rather be able to, if you choose, have the ability to defend yourself instead of waiting for help that will always come too late?
I just received the new talking points from the National Rifle Association with my latest check. (Yes, the NRA is so desperate they even pay bloggers with only a handful of regular readers) Though I fully expect to be removed from their payroll, I feel I had no choice but to reveal this massive conspiracy.
A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.
I'm sure every anti-gun blog will immediately jump on this and publish these talking points on their sites. Surely, anyone who reads gun blogs will see that we all follow this same script. Of course, everyone embellishes freely so it seems we are coming from different directions, but close examination will certainly reveal the above similarities.
but aren't most of the folks who are so excited about Obama the ones that usually don't make the effort to turn out on election day in November?
The Asian cockroach, Blattella asahinai, is almost identical in appearance to the German variety and is also active at night. But instead of leftover pizza, it feasts on insects harmful to crops.
Some may feel comforted by guns; for most, they are instruments of fear. More than anything, a university is an open society — it is a place that values free inquiry, unhindered debate and giving full credence to the kind of opinions that make people cringe.
In this spirit, weapons of intimidation have no place here. If, in the last analysis, we remain less safe, it is a risk well worth taking. ...
There are certainly areas in which Cornell can do better. More CUPD officers walking beats would go a long way towards fostering a sense of safety on campus. And adding to Cornell’s impressive record on mental health services would do much towards preventing potential shooters from developing in the first place. Cornell ought to be a place where no community member ever feels so despondent, so forlorn, so unloved as to resort to violence.
Instead, The Sun prefers to live in a fantasy utopia, valuing “the comfort that comes with the assumption that your lab partner isn’t packing heat” and a “sense of safety.”
It would behoove The Sun to enter the real world. Assumptions do not reality make, and safety is not achieved simply by perceiving it.
I don't think the responsible, law-abiding adults who desire to carry on campus are going to let this die. And shouldn't they have a right to carry any place they have a right to be?
I take issue with Pete Goering's comments in his column Feb. 17, which related a few of the recent killings on campus under the headline "Violence becoming way too common," then concluded that what really concerned students here was passing finals.
Pull your head out of the sand. Kansas has now and for the foreseeable future will have a significant population of potential active shooters. The headline might more accurately said "Violence becoming way too easy."
What can we do about increasing public safety given that the risk is common? The policy of creating "gun-free zones" to prevent concealed carry on campus increases the risk to students, staff and visitors. People who seek notoriety by mass killing want helpless victims and time to do their work. Gun-free zones dramatically increase both. It isn't by accident that these attacks occur most frequently in schools and malls, the preeminent gun-free zones.
Allowing people to carry concealed on college campuses won't stop attacks. It will, however, change the odds of surviving such an event.
We live in a world where bad people sometimes harm others, and a responsible government shouldn't actively assist the wolves by penning us like sheep. Gun-free zones on campus guarantee that some students will lose more than a final grade.
The Kentucky Farm Bureau's annual congressional breakfast last week produced a couple of good lines.
Rep. Geoff Davis, R-4th District, appearing after Rep. Hal Rogers, R-5th District, said he was dismayed to be following a head of state. Davis said southeastern Kentucky, which Rogers represents, is known as "Hal Rogerstan."
"I recently said to my wife, 'In your wildest dreams, could you have ever imagined I would be representing my hometown in the House of Representatives?' And she said, 'John, I'm sorry, you're not in my wildest dreams.' "
Now that's just funny. Being a former resident of "Hal Rogerstan" I agree with Mr. Davis' remark. I must admit feeling some kinship with Mrs. Yarmuth, too.
In a perfect scenario all parties involved in a breakup or divorce would be able to act rationally and cordially. But in the real world we know that moving on is filled with emotions, pain, and stress. As if moving isn’t stressful enough now add the burden of a breakup or divorce on top of it. It is normal to feel unbelievably overwhelmed, anxious, or depressed; sometimes a combination of all three.
If involved in a breakup or divorce try to make your transition out of the joint residence quickly. You probably have the desire to find the perfect place for the next chapter of your life, but by prolonging your stay you’re only adding fuel to whatever issues caused the split to begin with. Rather than living where there is tension and making things uncomfortable for everyone, consider putting your belongings into storage and either crashing at a friend’s house or getting an extended stay hotel or temporary furnished apartment. Many budget-friendly hotels accept week or month-long reservations.
As you’re moving out, maintain proper ‘exit’ etiquette in all your dealings with your ex-husband or ex-wife. Do not allow yourself to be in a situation where you are alone with them. Instead, bring a friend or family member with you to vouch for you in case things get out of hand. Whether you are having friends help or are hiring movers, be respectful of their belongings. You wouldn’t want your property destroyed if the shoe was on the other foot so make every effort to make a peaceful and clean exit from the relationship and from the shared premises.
The game changes a little if both parties are moving out of their shared residence due to the divorce or breakup. Responsibilities need to be shared and clear communication must happen between both parties. There is nothing wrong with hiring a mediator or lawyers to help in the fair and accurate division of assets.
Agree upon a move-out date, this should be a drop-dead date in which both individuals have completely vacated the premises. Don’t make your life more stressful and decide to move out on the same day. Make lists of the different tasks that need to be completed and assign a party not only for the action but for the financial responsibility as well. Items on that list might include: turning off utilities, hiring a cleaning service, or gathering school records for the kids.
As you split the household goods – furniture, appliances, collectibles, old photos and everything else – designate separate areas of the home as staging areas for the different parties to place items they will be keeping and moving. For example, one person can use the spare room while the other uses the garage. This will help reduce clutter around the home, which also escalates stress.
Let us know how we can help if you’re dealing with a breakup or divorce combined with the rigors of moving. Be sure to also check out our blog about relieving stress once all the moving is over.
Regent Street, Sudbury - Motorists are advised that the permanent traffic signals recently installed on Regent Street between McLeod Street and Riverside Drive will be activated on Oct. 30 after 11:00 a.m. Motorists are asked to be alert and cautious when proceeding through the intersection.
Celebration's inside humorwas often Trumanesque. Residents were all too aware of the outside perception of them as controlled actors in a movie set, and they had their own way of processing and putting to use this stereotype. One example was another punlike saying that I occasionally heard around town: "Celebration's Over." Depending on the speaker and the context, it had at least two meanings. The phrase could be used, for example, as a sympathetic comment about some mishap that had changed a resident's perception of the town. In other words, the good life in Celebration had simply been an elaborately staged illusion, and now the show had ended (…)Alternately, "Celebration's over" could be used to urge others to act in a mature fashion. In other words, the onset of daily problems had dispelled the hoopla surrounding the town and it was time to get real.
Drawn into the schemes of an angry wizard, Carin glimpses the place she once called home. It lies upon a shore that seems unreachable. To learn where she belongs and how to get there, the teenage traveler must decipher the words of an alien book, follow the clues in a bewitched poem, conjure a dragon from a pool of magic -- and tread carefully around a seductive but volatile, emotionally scarred sorcerer who can't seem to decide whether to love her or kill her.
Castles in the cornfield provided the setting for Deborah J. Lightfoot’s earliest flights of fancy. On her father’s farm in West Texas, she grew up reading extraordinary tales of adventure and reenacting them behind tall ramparts of sun-drenched corn. She left the farm to earn a bachelor of science degree in journalism and write award-winning books of history and biography, including The LH7 Ranch (University of North Texas Press) and Trail Fever (William Morrow, New York). High on her Bucket List was the desire to try her hand at the genre she most admired. The result is WATERSPELL, a complex, intricately detailed fantasy that begins with Book 1: The Warlock and Book 2: The Wysard, and concludes (for the present) with Book 3: The Wisewoman. But a legal pad filled with notes and tucked away in a desk drawer suggests a possible Book 4 before the saga may fairly be said to be finished.
Deborah is a professional member of The Authors Guild. She and her husband live in the country south of Fort Worth, Texas. Find her online at www.waterspell.net.
It happened too fast to hurt at first. But, oh! the blood—lots of it, streaming from a gouge that crosscut her knee.
She hunched over the wound, her masses of unkempt hair tumbling around her face, strands of it trailing in the gore. Blindly Carin fumbled in her belt-pouch for something to stanch the bleeding. Her fingers met only flint and steel for fire-making, pebbles for arming her sling, and a length of twine that was useful for everything from tying back her shaggy auburn mane to rigging a brush shelter.
Abruptly a hand grasped the shank of her leg, and another shoved at her shoulder. “Straighten up,” her captor snarled.
Carin threw back her head and flung the hair out of her eyes. “You!” she gasped. “But—” She hadn’t heard the swordsman’s approaching footsteps—a seeming impossibility through the crunchy carpet of autumn leaves. Yet here the man was, crouched beside her and brandishing a dagger. Carin’s hand flew to shield her throat, but it was her knee he put the blade to.
Stay away from me! she wanted to shout at him. She couldn’t get the words out—not in a way that made sense. As sometimes happened when she came unglued, Carin lapsed into a language of her own. The sounds that passed her lips weren’t gibberish, but no one ever understood a word she said when she got like this. Carin yelled at the man, in her own private language, and tried to wrench free of his grasp.
“Stop your noise,” he barked. He held her leg tighter and waved his dagger in her face. “If you can’t be quiet, I’ll cut out your tongue.”
In the beginning a wise woman tells Carin, the main character, to go North, as she does not belong in the South. Then we see Carin as she trespasses Lord Verek's land. He threatens to kill her unless she explains how she could enter his land, which is protected by powerful spells. It is obvious she is immune to magic, but why? And so the complicated story begins.
At first I thought the writing was too wordy, but then I got used to it and actually, it suits the story. I also liked how all characters had their own dictionary, because it makes all the difference. Some books are written in the same tone and language, even when it comes to dialogues, which can really hurt the book. This was not the case!
There were only a few characters, but they were all special and enjoyable in their own way. At first I wasn't sure about Carin and about her actions. Then I realized how scared she was and why and everything made sense. She and Lord Verek were the two most complex characters. And he was just mesmerizing! I mean dark, dangerous, slightly rude, yet still somehow gentle and tortured by his tragic past. What's there not to love? And the relationship between him and Carin was amazing. Full of repulsion, fear, but also fascination with each other. Great. Just great.
"The library door thudded closed behind her. The swordsman brushed past her shoulder, so close she could smell him. Coming from the man or his clothes was the odor of calendula oil, a musky scent that mingled with the woody, leathery smell of old books."
Myra, the housekeeper, was a kind and caring woman who was cheerful all the time and her presence balanced the darkness and melancholy of her master.
The story evolved rather slowly, which I don't mind. But there were some moments when it was slow even for me. Overall, it was a nice fantasy read with great characters.
Archives August 2011 (2) September 2011 (13) October 2011 (9) November 2011 (3) December 2011 (2) January 2012 (5) February 2012 (8) March 2012 (10) April 2012 (12) May 2012 (18) June 2012 (11) July 2012 (12) August 2012 (7) September 2012 (8) October 2012 (8) November 2012 (5) December 2012 (7) January 2013 (4) February 2013 (6) March 2013 (6) April 2013 (9) May 2013 (7) June 2013 (4) July 2013 (4) August 2013 (2) September 2013 (2) October 2013 (2) November 2013 (2) December 2013 (3) April 2014 (3) May 2014 (9) June 2014 (5) July 2014 (3) August 2014 (1) October 2014 (3) November 2014 (3) December 2014 (1) January 2015 (1) February 2015 (2) March 2015 (2) April 2015 (3) May 2015 (3) June 2015 (2) July 2015 (1) August 2015 (3) September 2015 (3) October 2015 (3) December 2015 (1) March 2016 (1) May 2016 (2) September 2016 (2) June 2018 (1) July 2018 (3) September 2018 (1) November 2018 (1)
Progress bar is useful user interface, when you make web application with background process. This website has the examples.
By importing the internal link, you can check the page status in the "" page. If the page's inbound internal links is detected, the page is appreciated highly by the search engine.total analyze for sitemap pages
Keyword balance is one of the big fact on doing internal SEO. In order to do content based SEO, you have to check it after you wrote good contents.
The keyword balance is made from published Html file, not form content data in the database. That is because the robot checks actual Html data, so we have to use same environment.
In order to open the console page, select "Keywords Balance" from . Then following page appears.the top of administration console
Conent Theme is important fact on doing SEO. The search engine checks redundancy and relevancy by the theme of the page. By using this software, you can know the theme of the pages.
The theme is collection of keywords and the density. The search engine detect similarity of the pages with theme. And also check the relevance between pages with this.
Eclipse Plugin based Alinous Document CMS has new project wizard to set up source code and database environment. By using this wizard, you can start development to extend Alinous Document CMS very easily.
Before using the new project wizard, you have to set up your PC to satisfy the required software environment of the Alinous-Core.
Now, I've started to make new sample project. Ofcource it will be free download. It will be included in Alinous-Core IDE, and make it with new project wizard.
I think the samples should be simple. I will also make comprehensive and kind document in the developer section, newly.
And I think rich user interface reduce the task of user support. But sometimes to make it is tough work to the programmer.
Today, Jan 4 2015, updated the Eclipse based development environment into 2.1.53. The last version was 2.1.51. so it updated 2 versions.
Currently, I'm testing the Content Management System on this website. The CMS have to be strong at Search Engine Optimization and acquiring customer's access. Especially, it is important to the website of the enterprise and small business.
Alinous Elastic DB is Open Source Distributed Database with powerful scaling & partitioning function. It is SQL based relational database friendly with Alinous-Core.
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless. -Carolyn Myss, Writer
Home / Forestry & Arborist / Chainsaw PPE & clothing / Chainsaw Boots & Accessories / Forestry & Arborist Boots
GUITARS ELECTRICGUITARS ACOUSTIC-ELECTRICGUITARS ACOUSTICGUITARS ARCHTOPGUITAR PACKAGESGUITAR AMPS & CABINETSGUITAR PEDALSGUITAR VINTAGE & COLLECTABLEFENDER AMERICAN ORIGINAL ELECTRIC GUITARSFENDER PLAYER SERIESBASS GUITARS
Derringers Music is an Australian Authorised Dealer, offering full local warranties, no grey imports. With quality After Sales Service you would expect from an industry leader. With our prices, you would be crazy not give us a go! Negotiate your best price for the Fender Standard Precision Bass Bass Guitar - Lake Placid Blue - PF ** ! Challenging any online & counter Australian price. Call us today for your best price!
Welcome to Derringers Music, the Home of Fender guitars and amps. Derringers Music has the place to go for Fender Guitars and Amplifiers and with thirty plus years of Fender stock arriving in some cases daily and our in-store range is deep. Derringers also holds a formidable range of vintage and delectable collectables, all the way down to the American Standards and Mexican made value for money electric and acoustic guitars. Visit us for the best deal with Fender Guitars and Amplifiers. All prices challenged! Shipping Australia wide. Shop in store & online at Derringers Music Adelaide.
Your new prized Fender guitar will look and sound as it should. Derringers Music have an onsite professional guitar setup and repair workshop. All our guitars are carefully checked before they leave the store. Derringers Music share the passion for Fender instruments and offer a full-service retail experience starting with industry advice and product knowledge through to after sales service expected from our customers.
Fender Telecaster, Stratocaster, Precision Bass and Jazz Bass are the most popular instruments in the Fender range.
Derringers Music is regarded by Fender highly and is continually invited to visit the Fender Guitar factory in California USA. The Fender Company is situated in Corona California just out of LA and has been producing Fender products since 1998. Fender is responsible for inventing arguably one of the most ironic guitar body shapes in the world and continues to manufacture and distribute acoustic guitars, electric basses, mandolins, banjos, as well as guitar amplifiers, bass amplifiers, and public address equipment. Derringers Music are proud authorised Australian Fender dealers, giving you service and warranty piece of mind. If you want a special price on a Fender product, make sure you try us. All competitors counter and online prices challenged. Shipping Australia wide daily, you'd be crazy not to try our best price. SMS 0418-836-504 For deals on Fender guitars and Fender Amplifiers, done fast! Or call 08 8371-1884 and speak to our guitar loving team!
FENDER STANDARD MIM available online with confidence at Derringers Music. Derringers Music is a South Australian owned music industry retail service store. Offering some of the best deals on Fender Standard Precision Bass Bass Guitar - Lake Placid Blue - PF ** and take pride in our after sales service. Derringers Music delivers FENDER STANDARD MIM to Brisbane, Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Hobart, Adelaide, Perth, Darwin, and Australia wide. Shipping daily. Find out about the best deals and sales at discount prices. Choose from hundreds of music industry known brands and thousands of products at Derringers Music. Can't find it online? Bet we have it in store! Call us. 08 8371 1884. Select the cheapest GUITARS with fast shipping. All competitors online and counter prices challenge! Try our best buy, low price challenge. Compare prices, shop online and get your best price for Fender Standard Precision Bass Bass Guitar - Lake Placid Blue - PF ** and bargains at Derringers Music.
Privacy: Derringers Music is committed to your privacy, and how we control personal information collected during your visit to this website. By submitting information to us you agree for us to contact you for the purposes for which it was collected, and that your details maybe used for internal marketing purposes, such as sending you information about our promotions and products, or to obtain feedback on how to improve our products or customer service. Data is not onsold to any 3rd parties. To opt out of any communications it is free to do so and can be requested in writing, in person or over the phone. For more in depth information please read our privacy policy.
// create BI-Pixel mock (see GA mock) window["BI"] = window["BI"] || { send: function() { (window["BI"].q = window["BI"].q || []).push(arguments); } }; window["BI"].l = 1 * new Date(); window["BI"].c = { /*vizoverlay: true,*/ /*debuglog: true*/ }; window["BI"].u = "//px.derstandard.at"; var biTag = document.createElement("script"); biTag.src = "//px.staticfiles.at/dst-bi-px.js"; document.body.appendChild(biTag);
my goal was to have my bike done for this event... well i almost did it ! it's close, but there's still a few things left. but, to my surprise, i got 3rd place in my class. thanks to troy, russell, blake & caleb for their help along the way. here's me, stephan, slim jim, dean & bob jamming at the chopperfest.
this is the 4th time i've restored my 1965 harley davidson panhead. here's the beginning of the latest... that's troy showing me the right way !
Copyright © 2016 4TamilMedia!. All Rights Reserved. Powered by 4TamilMedia - Designed by 4TamilMedia Team.
So I had the turbo setup almost done then decided I wanted to do a tdi swap,so I bought a Jetta last...Click for Earl Mitchell's full post
Been tidying things up a bit and close to being finished with the build. Rams are back in and workin...Click for krietpiel's full post
I finally got the retrofit aircon working this month. Not being able to figure out how the compresso...Click for iridium_moon's full post
Hello JC, We are still waiting for rain Dry as the Karoo here - not even the weeds can cope My attac...Click for krietpiel's full post
I have finally mounted my new old tank - adding about 130l to my already 90l std tank. I also instal...Click for krietpiel's full post
Thanks to Defender51 I now have a spare tyre. First fit looks good. Ready for transportation to the...Click for krietpiel's full post
It has been slow, but I have been measuring/adjusting 6 times before cutting or welding anything. Ba...Click for krietpiel's full post
OK, so not perfect, but I can live with it and the advantage is that it is simple. Carrier shown in...Click for krietpiel's full post
Done Camper is now bug-proof. If there is one thing we learned from past camping trips, it is you ne...Click for krietpiel's full post
Florida Villas - Choose from a wide selection of Florida Villas near Disney World in Central Florida
One of the most powerful advertising tools is a video testimonial. Written testimonials are great, but who’s to say you didn’t make them up to put on your website? Of course, you would never do that, but visitors to your website don’t know that. Think about how much more powerful it would be to have actual customers talk about their experience with your business to your potential clients. It’s almost as good as a word of mouth testimonial. What makes video testimonials even more powerful is a professionally done video. This shows that good customer service is important enough to you to spend time and money on it to make sure your philosophies are highlighted properly.
Not only will this make your website more interesting, thus keeping potential customers on it longer, it will also help you by way of improving your SEO. Your videos should all link to YouTube. Clicks on your website that take people to external sources increase your rating with Google, thus bumping you up on the search engine.
So, we now know that video testimonials and SEO are both very important things for your business and will help you gain more clients. How you go about achieving this is where I come in. IMS has professional videographers in their network for you to use your barter dollars on. This is yet another case where you can use barter dollars, instead of cash, to advertise for your business and gain cash paying customers in return. This will then leave your cash free for you to use for things you can’t pay for barter dollars with, such as office rent. If you’re interested in learning about all the ways barter can not only keep cash in your pocket, but also get you more cash business be sure to follow The Barter Guy on Facebook and LinkedIn for weekly tips.
May 17, 2016 When it comes to adult games, virtual reality can be a truly transformative experience. Sort movies by Stephanie Kim Asian cambodian thick booty fucked 55,618 views. Free Adult Online Porn Games at ZZCartoon. This unique free fuck tube is so large that even real sex freaks who are ready to Tiffany Star - Teen in Bathroom.
One of the two men grins up as he gives the thumbs-up while still dangling from the beam. He turned to go with it quicktime player iphone porn cartoon comic porn disney. Play the best erotic flash games all over ther world together with Kelly - sexy flight attendant.
Tanned amateur pussy fingered by female agent Two hot lesbians rubbing in shower. Uncover your true nature and get ready to experience some stirring feelings, by playing this smutty game.
The Bitcoin Podcast Network is an independent media organization since 2015. A daily collection of long form conversations, in the form of a podcasts where the world's leading thinkers and doers give us a slice of their perspective. Look for talks on Cryptocurrency, Blockchain Technology, Global Issues and much more. Founded by Marcello Milteer, Demetrick Ferguson and Dr. Corey Petty.
In episode 22 of the Bitcoin Podcast Network’s music broadcast, Crypto Until Infinity, host DJsNeverEndingStory breaks down the façade that’s presented by some exchanges, tokens, and ranking sites to profit from retail investors.
We often talk about expat life in big cities like Rome. But what’s it like to be a foreigner in a small village where everyone knows everyone?
On this week’s episode {ORVIETO}, we catch up with two Americans living in the tiny central Italian town of Orvieto—two expats whom we interviewed for the first time back...
After the wild week in the news in the US, Katy and Tiffany take a brief break from their recent Rome-based episodes to discuss the events surrounding the now infamous Helsinki Summit. In the course of their commiserations, they wonder what is harder: having to live through the chaos as it unfolds in your own back yard,...
Have you ever walked into someone’s house in Japan with your shoes on and had a room full of people laugh at you? (Katy has.) Have you ever traipsed into a room in an Italian home that has been freshly mopped and been given the evil eye by the lady of the house? (Tiffany has.)
The best thing about marrying an Italian? You’re automatically part of a big Italian family. The worst thing about marrying an Italian? You’re automatically part of a big Italian family.
If you’re a regular listener to the show, you’ve heard Tiffany talk about (and sometimes complain about) her Italian in-laws...
Issues of race and diversity are on everyone’s lips and minds in the United States right now. But people in Italy are just starting to have these conversations. In a country where, until quite recently, everyone had a similar racial make-up, perhaps it simply wasn’t necessary until now.
Tags: derby county football club dcfc derby county sport football the rams rams fans derby uk derby uk united kingdom england football club ramstv frank lampard frank lampard soccer sky bet sky bet championship fans championship shay given goalkeeper goalkeeper training
‘All the Way’s’ director Jay Roach (l.), lead actors Bryan Cranston (LBJ), Anthony Mackie (MLK) and playwright/screenwriter Robert Schenkkan attend Television Critics Association (Photo Credit: HBO).
The HBO docudrama All the Way chronicles Lyndon Baines Johnson’s first year as President of the United States following the assassination of John F. Kennedy on Nov. 22, 1963. Breaking Bad’s Emmy-winning actor Bryan Cranston reprises his idiosyncratic, Tony Award-winning performance as the 36th President seeking reelection and concurrently striving to legislate the Civil Rights Act of 1964 with the alliance of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., portrayed by actor Anthony Mackie.
All the Way, which took home another Tony Award for Best Play in 2014, was penned by Pulitzer Prize-winning dramatist Robert Schenkkan. Writing the HBO teleplay also, Schenkkan’s re-imagination included more of LBJ’s interactions with MLK, Vice President Hubert Humphrey (Bradley Whitford), Senator Richard Russell, Jr. (Frank Langella) and J. Edgar Hoover (Stephen Root) than the stage version.
Schenkkan, who came-of-age in Austin, TX, shared some insights prior to All the Way’s advanced screening at The Carter Center two days prior to the network television premiere about the time and financial constraints he worked under to secure the film. The pithy, Drama Desk Award-winning dramaturge segued immediately into explaining the inspiration behind constructing the period piece.
“[LBJ] was always in my head as this phenomenal, such fascinating character,” says an epigrammatic Schenkkan, whose father, a Southwestern public television and radio pioneer, had interactions with LBJ. “It was a turning point in this country. LBJ changed everything. It’s important to revisit that story, particularly now.” All the Way is the second film project the University of Texas at Austin and Cornell University graduate executive produced along with Academy Award-winning director Steven Spielberg.
The first film they worked on together was HBO’s war-themed miniseries The Pacific. “He had a great casting eye,” continues the terse Kennedy Prize for Drama recipient gripping his wrist. “He’s got a lot of things going on, but when he’s focused on you, he’s really really focused.”
All the Way’s director Jay Roach magnificently recreated intimate portraits into LBJ’s circle, weaving together in two-plus hours a myriad of close-ups, creeping cinematography sequences, archival footage and vintage stock photos. Coming into the fold after previously directing the Austin Powers series, Meet the Fockers and Meet the Parents, Roach originally caught All the Way on Broadway, leaving Neil Simon Theatre in amazement.
An alumnus of Stanford and USC School of Cinema-Television (now Cinematic Arts), Roach is synonymous with brilliantly meshing together drama with absurdity. The Albuquerque, NM native willingly accepted an offer to direct All the Way’s television adaptation after Spielberg personally contacted him. “I’m always trying to slip in a little thematic something, and that requires a new expressionistic cinematic style,” adds the relaxed filmmaker.
“Every choice comes out of what the character is going through. I wanted to go past the history into what mattered to LBJ and MLK, what really bothers these guys and what prevented them from fulfilling their greatest possible destiny.” Familiar with directing small screen projects for HBO centered around political campaigns like Recount and Game Change, Roach, an Emmy, Golden Globe and Peabody Award-winning filmmaker, directed Cranston in the Oscar-nominated feature Trumbo. He readily pinpointed his appreciation especially for Cranston’s captivating, natural ability to balance comic relief with dramatic acting.
Periodically staring towards the floor, Roach had similar perspectives on Mackie’s acting ability, equally calling him “one of the funniest guys he’s hung out with between takes.” “There’s not much humor in this particular story, but you still get a sense that the actors understand wit and irony,” continues Roach, also an executive producer on All the Way.
All the Way’s racially motivated montages like the murder of the three young civil rights workers in Philadelphia, MS, Dave Dennis’ anger-filled soliloquy during James Chaney’s funeral and Fannie Lou Hamer explaining the brutality she faced resulting from registering voters struck a chord with both Roach and Schenkkan. LBJ’s plight to retain his presidency over opponent Barry Goldwater while working to keep peace among Southern Democrats additionally left serious impressions on both the filmmaker and scenarist.
Roach declared that the tensions LBJ and MLK both faced throughout All the Way magnified how both leaders were essentially fighting the same battle, collaborating, compromising and cooperating with both of their respective supporters. “They were allies,” proclaims Roach. “They had to answer to their different factions. They’re both in the same predicament and are both absolutely trying to go for the same thing.”
Schenkkan chimed in. “Storytelling is a very powerful tool,” he says. “Stories define and shape us. That’s how we make sense of the world. That can also be used to betray us, plow and hide things. Telling a story is a political action because you’re reclaiming the narrative. To do so on film amplifies that power.”
Coming to Broadway in the 2017-18 season is All the Way’s sequel, The Great Society. The play spans from November 1964 to March 1968, extending LBJ and MLK’s ongoing dialogue and details about both the Vietnam War and Civil Rights Movement. Deeming All the Way a career highlight, Schenkkan clarified about how completing both projects heightened his awareness of American politics and society.
“It’s made me even more keenly aware of the importance of government,” confirms Schenkkan. “Government can do good. That’s what it’s intended to do. When people really put their shoulders to the wheel, you can make a huge difference in people’s lives.”
Roach, on the other hand, gathered his inspiration from the sense of camaraderie among the unsung civil rights icons. He drew parallels between the past and race relations in contemporary society.
“It opened my brain in such a phenomenal and fundamental way,” the filmmaker reveals. “So much of what really mattered was going on at the grassroots level. That’s what’s happening today. Movements like #BlackLivesMatter are out of passion and a community of people that wants better. It’s really phenomenal to see people believe that government can really solve a problem. Unfortunately, those are battles that still need to be fought.”
This post was written by Christopher A. Daniel, pop cultural critic and music editor for The Burton Wire. He is also a contributing writer for Urban Lux Magazine and Blues & Soul Magazine. Follow Christopher @Journalistorian on Twitter.
Tracy K. Smith is one of modern literature’s leading African American poets and creative writing instructors. In 2012, the Falmouth, MA native was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for her imaginative 2011 collection, Life on Mars. The p...
House Calls Magazine is a quarterly publication that focuses on health and wellness. It includes a wide assortment of articles with topics on the latest health and wellness information, nutrition, safety, lifestyles, and more.
A good quality essay is one that has flow all the way from the introduction to the conclusion. However, the majority of students tend to take the conclusion lightly. The same effort you put into the introduction and body of the essay should be put into doing the conclusion too. Writing conclusions is pretty easy because all you’re doing is restating the main points, and letting your reader know you’ve reached the end of your essay.
There are a couple of ways you can write a conclusion, which leaves your essay looking complete and rather polished.
Before you proceed with writing the introduction or body of your essay, you first have to brainstorm what information to include. You may have an outline, but it’s worth nothing without the “meat.” The same principle applies to writing the conclusion. At this stage you must do the following;
Your essay conclusion should include the main ideas. Well, you don’t necessarily have to recall every point, just the main points. It helps you focus on the conclusion and avoid introducing any new ideas that may only mislead and confuse your audience.
What was the point of the arguments that you made or the ideas that you wrote? You need to answer the “so what” question for your readers. A good paper conclusion gives your audience a reason to give your paper any attention. When an essay doesn’t have a reason to it, chances are that no one will pay attention to your work.
Link your arguments to a broader perspective that will add more weight to your ideas giving your essay a strong sense of purpose. This makes it possible for your essay to leave a mark on your readers, plus it makes convincing your audience to a call of action easy.
To give your paper that polished finish, you can revisit the theme in your introduction. Broaden the theme more to help you nail the essay conclusion.
Regardless of the turnaround time or field of study, you can be sure we have qualified personnel to handle the assignment for you. Our writers are knowledgeable in virtually all subject areas and will process your assignment as fast as possible to beat the deadlines.
We have an exceptional team of proficient writers with a vast experience in writing quality academic essays. Therefore, we will deliver academic essays of amazing quality not available anywhere else. You can bet on that!
You will not find competent and certified essay writers like the ones on our spectacular team. We are your best bet for having a professionally written essay that will get you the best grades in no time. Let us process your essay and you will see only amazing results with us.
With us, originality and uniqueness are paramount factors to success. We can never compromise on that. Be sure that your essay will be 100% original with zero plagiarism. You can bet that we double check our essays so you know you will receive original work every time.
We have many competent and certified writers available to process your essay and you can chat with them online to find the best one to work with. At any time during the day or night, just say “write my essay” and they will start working for you.
We have many certified writers who are ready to happily process your essay even with a 4-hour deadline. Our team of writing experts is available on call and can churn out an outstanding essay for you on short notice without compromising on quality.
Our essay writing service is tailored to fit your budget. Even with the affordable prices we have on offer, we’ve ensured that the quality of work we deliver will exceed your expectations. We have only affordable prices for you, and we offer a quality service.
The approach you take to write the essay conclusion, and that of the whole paper largely depends on the type of essay. While writing down your essay conclusion, there are specific factors that one must consider.
Take an example of a conclusion given to a persuasive essay, it’s quite different from that of an informative one and so on. Answering questions on issues such as;
Your paper conclusion should reflect the same structure seen throughout the introduction and body of the essay. Base your conclusion on the type of essay, such that, if it’s an informative essay, you at this point make a summary of the main ideas, while for a creative essay it will be the story coming to an end.
Signal to your readers that the paper is coming to an end. You must have a transition from the body to the conclusion. However, in certain scenarios, the transition may somewhat feel redundant since, from the previous section of the text, it was obvious that the essay is coming to a close. The transition should be simple and not use cliché words such as “to conclude,” “in summary,” “to sum up,” “in conclusion,” and so on. They are okay to use but not the best approach, go beyond the normal and creatively give a stunning conclusion.
Conclusions aren’t supposed to be lengthy! They are short, consisting of a paragraph or two – for long essays. All a conclusion does is restate your main points or arguments and not rewriting the entire essay.
Simplicity is key when writing the conclusion. Use one syllable words in your sentences. You can also employ the use of compound sentences to give that sense of a dramatic end to a complex discussion in your conclusion.
Writing an essay is a chance for you to express your opinion and thoughts on specific issues. Therefore, as you conclude your essay, your choice of words should reflect that. You are trying to assert your ideas to your readers, do so by using words that will echo your conviction on the issue at hand, without you being apologetic and that can convince them too.
Writing conclusions is reasonably easy, what you are simply doing is reiterating the main ideas. Go back to the essay and highlight your main points in the conclusion.
A good conclusion highlights the thesis statement, such that, should anyone only read that section, they should be able to tell what the thesis statement is. In any case, the thesis statement gives an idea of what the main argument of your essay is and as earlier stated, your conclusion ought to include a summary of the main ideas.
Your conclusion should be mentally stimulating for your readers. You can include a call to action and basically, give your conclusion a polished finish. Give your readers the satisfaction of knowing it was worth reading your paper.
A conclusion is a summary of the main points that you had previously introduced in the body of the essay. Therefore, introducing new concepts would be a grievous mistake. Stick to the scope of the topic at hand. Introducing new ideas only confuses your readers, lowering the quality of your paper.
Although there must be a connection between the introduction and conclusion, don’t make the mistake of just restating the intro in the conclusion. Yes, you may be reiterating the major points, but then, the conclusion ties all of them together giving a neat finish to your thoughts. Don’t repeat the introduction, instead, highlight your ideas from a more compelling perspective. Give your audience a reason to read the conclusion, and don’t make it too obvious.
Using fluff and filler content is among the many things that distort the readability of your essay. A proper conclusion is void of such mistakes. You can achieve a fluff free conclusion by simply stating the main points using clear and concise language that doesn’t mislead your readers. Students are often tempted to use complex, long words that make the conclusion incomprehensible. Your wordings should be precise and to the point, using words such as “firstly” is not advised. They actually make your essay conclusion boring!
The length of a conclusion isn’t rigid, and you can have whichever length. However, it’s on the condition that it reflects specific issues such as the thesis statement, your final thoughts, or suggestions and the main ideas. Anything beyond that will be considered as fluff. Most college essays are between 5 to 7 lines long, which means that you have to only highlight the main issues. An essay conclusion is no place for mentioning minor points.
Source: Impact of Facebook Usage on Students’ Academic Achievement: Role of self-regulation and trust. Electronic Journal of Research in Educational Psychology
adidas Trainers Black Core Black Black Core White Unisex Ftwr X PLR Kids' This study attempted to measure the perceived impact of the presence and use of the social networking site Facebook by undergraduate students at Luleå University of Technology on their academic achievement. The expected results demonstrated the perception of the use of this online platform in a particular cultural and academic context and its preliminary impact. We analyzed the role of trust in people, self–regulation, and personality traits in enhancing one’s presence on Facebook. We then analyzed whether extensive cognitive load would increase the presence on this site and if both would negatively impact students’ academic results. The role of polychronicity, satisfaction with life, and performance-goal orientation in reducing the presumed negative effect of online social networking and enhancing the students’ academic achievement was tested as well….
Note how the author introduces his arguments, results and thesis statement in the above essay conclusion example.
Each section of any essay plays a significant role in giving flow and improving the quality of the piece. However, the conclusion in quite a number of essays doesn’t receive the needed attention, probably because all the conclusion does is echo the main points. To have a well-written conclusion, it’s vital to give it the same attention as you did the introduction and body of the essay.
Writing your conclusion is rather easy and not a hustle as many may perceive. Brainstorm on what information you’ll include in the conclusion, keep it short and simple, and avoid using complex words that may distort the message. Conclude your essay in a manner that engages your readers by giving it a polished finish. You may have an excellent intro and body but should your conclusion not be of par the overall quality of the essay is lowered. Link your ideas to a broader context but be keen not to go outside the main topic, it increases your chances of having fluff!
(The mightiest and noblest of Charlemagne’s crusading knights is betrayed, but his companions stand fiercely by him as the Saracens attack.)
Battle of Roncevaux Pass (778). Sir Roland’s death. From a fourteenth century illuminated manuscript, that can be found at the Bibliothèque de l’Arsenal (Library of the Arsenal), a department of the National Library of France.
The year is 778. The brave knight Roland and his army, led by eleven of the noblest warriors in Christendom, watch in horror as an army five times larger than their own approaches through the Roncevaux Pass in the Pyrenees. Roland’s friend Oliver urges him to call for Charlemagne’s aid with his famed olifant horn. Roland will not. He will trust to God, to France, and to his sword Durendal. He shouts a rallying speech to his men– this is their day to shine. They banish fear and meet the Saracens. This is an anthem of a book—a mighty, direct, vibrant punch of a poem. It is simple, stylized, yet well balanced; powerful, but not without subtlety. It is short, as epics go– slim and to the point, forget the historical backgrounds and love stories. This is the earliest surviving and the best of its genre—the “Songs of Deeds”, or Chansons de geste, of medieval French literature, of which there were hundreds. In style, in its portrayal of the values of chivalry, in its composition, and in its spirit it is the supreme knightly adventure poem.
Description for Danby Mini Fridge with Lock Inspirational Pact Refrigerator Freezer with Locking Door S Wall and
1 Title: Danby Mini Fridge with Lock Inspirational Pact Refrigerator Freezer with Locking Door S Wall and
5 Location: 2018/08/danby-mini-fridge-with-lock-inspirational-pact-refrigerator-freezer-with-locking-door-s-wall-and-of-danby-mini-fridge-with-lock.jpg
Related image of Danby Mini Fridge with Lock Inspirational Pact Refrigerator Freezer with Locking Door S Wall and
Random image of Danby Mini Fridge with Lock Inspirational Pact Refrigerator Freezer with Locking Door S Wall and
Sexy women showing off their bodies, flashing in public mostly in stores that you might be shopping in! Girls flashing in stores is fun, risky exhibitionism. Click
flashing vagina It is very likely, with so many ladies appearing on the television, that some of them will accidentally show us their crotches. This collection has many of such
Iron City Flooring provides commercial and residential flooring installation. In business since 1982. Serving all of Southwest Florida since 2001.
November 21, 2018 - IronStrong - For Powerlifters, Weightlifters, Strongmen, Strongwomen, and People Who Like to Train
(This is a slightly modified version of the paper for the 'Research by design' conference on the faculty of Architecture of the Technical University of Delft in 2000; see the conference book 'PROCEEDINGS B')
Aristotle wrote in the fourth century bc that heavy objects would speed up more when falling than light objects. He never tried it, and nobody did, until 2000 years later, around the year 1600, Simon Stevin came to the idea to see for himself if Aristotle was right. And to his surprise he saw that Aristoteles was wrong. 1)
Today we are used to provide proof when we state something. We found out that it is very fruitfull to confront statement and proof; experiments make our understanding of the world around us develop.
Not only in science, but also in daily life we are used to connect statement and proof. We even have a saying for it: the proof of the pudding is in the eating. This saying is very common, so you can expect that any statement is accompanied with proof. You can expect it, but still you don’t always get it. In architecture, and not only in architecture, but that is what we are looking at here, in architecture you find many statements that are only supported by the status of the speaker. Or by his anger.
An architect who builds in loam once told me that loam staightens out the temperature during the season. In winter it makes the house warmer and in summer it makes the house cooler. And the same goes for humidity: in a wet winter the house gets dryer, in a dry summer the house gets more humid. How? Because loam is a natural material, and nature always seeks the equilibrium, that’s how.
And how about the proof? Did he measure the temperature and the humidity in a house made of loam, in summer and winter, and did he compare his findings with temperatures and humidity in other houses? A very simple experiment, but he had not heard of it. And he wasn’t interested in it. He talked about the pudding and he knew that it tasted good without tasting it. Instead of a proof he extended the theory: natural things are ok, and since a loampudding is natural it has to be ok.
Le Corbusier, by the time that he was trying to be straight and scientific, before the war, stated that: ‘the curved line paralyses everything’. 2) Do you see it before your eyes? A curved road on your left hand with all kinds of lazy people hanging around the bend, yawning and half asleep? While on your right hand you see a straight road, full of people who vividly walk to work, in straight lines, while little children feed the ducks very accurately in the straight canal that you can see in the distance?
Most architects do have outspoken ideas about how a design should be made. But they are not used to discuss these ideas. They tend to act like The Ones Who Know. And when they are confronted with each other, a strange communication takes place. They all Know, but they usually don’t agree. They are like impressive old masters who like followers more than questions. A theory that can be questioned, that is designed to be questioned, is not a common thing.
Another reason that architectural ideas are rarely tested may be that users don’t speak up very much. They try to make the best of their homes and if they can, they vote with their feet. But voting with your feet is not the same as a real democratic vote where you influence the decision making ; it is rather a primitive and even coward way to show your content or discontent!
When users are not speaking up, how do architects know if they did the right thing? They often Know, but sometimes you can find them taking a walk in a neighbourhood that they have designed and there they may be surprised by the taste of the real pudding. They may even be more surprised by the ingredients that users have added to make it taste better. Architects can learn from these things, but they can also blame the users who don’t understand architecture. We are not very near ‘research’ here.
Who else is tasting the pudding? Architectural journalists? These connaisseurs only smell the pudding, and their taste can be totally irrelevant. In spite of this they are taken most seriously, because they can help to build the image and the career of the architect.
So there is design, but can there be research, when users don’t speak up, when architects only have a look when they feel like it and when journalists, as outsiders only smell the pudding?
Real estate developers claim that they do better. Depending on the appreciation of buyers, they are very concerned with the needs and taste of the latter.
So it seems logical that they know what the user needs. But do they? Do they have a theory about architecture? And if so, how do they test it? What kind of research is done here?
The research by the real estate developer is mainly research by the cashbook. And just as voting with your feet is no real democracy, research by the cashbook is no real research.
But may be it is not that bad. As good salesmen, real estate developers have a special feel for the wishes of the client.
In some branches they go very far. Car factories used to produce dream cars and they investigated potential users about their findings. Chrysler once made a dream car with a turbine-engine and 50 of these cars were handed out for free, to 50 users who were asked to give their opinion after one year. This was in 1963. 3) Real estate developers may not know this, but may be it can inspire them to do a similar thing with dream houses where people can live for free in exchange for their opinion about different aspects of the houses (or the street).
Architects normally don’t like such experiments. When you serve the public too much, good taste will suffer. People will choose what they know and that will be the end of the challenge to invent new architecture. So when there is research, can there be design? Architects tend to see this kind of research as dangerous. The end of architecture seems to be near!
Architects seem to believe that design and research exclude each other… but we don’t have to agree with them. I think we can make a connection between research and design in four steps. First we make a design. Secondly we build it. This enables the third step: people, users, can live in it. And then we can come to the fourth step: investigation of the users.
So we have four distinctive moments together in a cycle. This cycle where design and research are connected, is in fact a spiral in which design and research can develop in time, thanks to the connection of both.
In the picture below I have tried to put the players that we meet in the field of architecture in the right segments, in the right seasons.
The architect is situated in spring, where new plans are developed. The contractor is situated in the summer; where the new plans are realised. The real estate developer covers two seasons here: spring and summer.
Now we can realise that there is a empty season; who is taking care of the winter, when the fruits, the things that we use, are evaluated?
We do have sociologists. They can help to evaluate the findings of the user. It is often done, but their work only partly helps the architect. Why?
In the first place sociologists are interested in interactions between people, and the environment is more regarded as a precondition, and not as a subject of investigation.
Secondly, as I stated before: architects usually don’t have architectural theories that can be tested. So sociologists lack the instruments to test the architecture, to see if it has achieved its goals.
The role of the user or the consumer doesn’t seem to be very important. Producers play the main role. They appear everywhere around us, on billboards, in TV programs and in magazines where they tell consumers what their needs are. When you are at home in the evening and you watch TV, about 20 or 30% of the time that you watch, is taken by producers who try to convince you that you need their products. We are like wives who’s old-fashioned husbands are telling them what to be and what to want.
We are so used to this that it is hard to imagine the opposite: imagine that you are at work at the office, with your computer and you are interrupted, 15 or 20 minutes each hour, when your screen is taken over by big consumer organisations who bombard you with user commercials, in order to influence the production work that is done in multinationals and in national and local enterprises all over the country.
Fukuyama may say that history has come to an end, but I would say that our society is severely out of balance. 4) We think of a car or a house or a milk bottle as a ‘product’. Not only as producers but also as consumers. Why is it that consumers have no word of their own. From their point of view they might speak of a ‘consumpt’ instead of a ‘product’.
The future seems to be no longer survival-oriented, where functionality and production is most important. The change has already been made: our society has become experience-oriented. Here the user is vital. So if we want to tune in right, we should give attention to the consumer a place in the circle and we should research what he or she has to say.
Some architects will feel uncomfortable in this setting. They will use the same argument as they use against real estate developers. When you have to obey to the consumer, how can you make a good design.
If you want to give a birthday present to someone, you don’t have to give what he or she asks for, if you think that that is boring. But is that a reason to decide that you will use your own taste as a basis, that you will give something that you only like yourself? Wouldn’t that be ignorant? If you find it boring to give what is asked for, you may try to provide a discovery. You may try to make the receiver say: ‘What a surprise, that’s just what I needed, and I didn’t even realise it’.
The same goes for architects. As an architect you can also challenge yourself to come up with a surprise, to come up with the answer to the question that was about to be asked.
When the designing process is linked to the user, it doesn’t mean that architects will have to deal with only the user; there is also a researcher appearing on the scene. A researcher who will ask the architect about his design theory. Because this will enable the researcher to ask the right questions to the user and to present relevant conclusions to the architect.
But since architects are not used to theories that can be tested and discussed, they may be afraid that the design will be limited by the theory. Architects may feel for the idea of surprising the user, the idea of answering the question about to be asked, but how can they do so when they are caught in a theory?
There are different ways to handle a theory. When you identify yourself with a theory, then you see bars all over the place. But you can have a more brave attitude towards theory and use it merely as a tool, as a reference. Then all the bars of the prison may appear to be horizontal bars… and the theory invites you to make new discoveries. And that is how architecture may develop.
Compare this to the situation that we know now, where ideas are not connected to research and where trends are more likely to appear than developments.
For the development of design- and research theories I can imagine the university to play an important role.
And when such -testable- theories are available then the communication between users and architects can also be realised. There is a whole field of science that can be developed and discovered here. We all have an idea about what architects do to make a design and how they inform users about the special qualities of their design. But what can users do, what methods can they use to make up their own minds and how can they inform architects about it?
My own research is based on this idea that we need a design theory that can be tested and renewed in the 'cycle of
seasons' as I described above. A design theory that can fit in this 'cycle of seasons'. So this cycle is the basis
of my research. What we can see here is that this cicle can clarify the distinction between two essential attitudes. The right half of the cycle is the domain of the consumer. Here, in autumn and winter we find the typical attitude of the consumer; the attitude that can be described as an attitude of ‘awareness and alertness’.
The left half of the cycle is the domain of the producer. In spring and summer we find the typical producers attitude of ‘acting and achieving’.
I will give an example: when you take a walk in the park, you can adopt the consumer attitude of ‘awareness and alertness’ in which you undergo the smell of grass, the sound of leaves, the heat of the sunburned path and the coolness of the shadow. Then it starts raining. Now you change to the producer attitude of ‘acting and achieving’. You start looking for the folding umbrella in your bag. You unfold it. And put it in the right position. Then you can go back to your consumer attitude, to ‘awareness and alertness’ again, where you smell the rain and you hear the drops falling on the umbrella.
In the two attitudes you have seen two different faces of the world. And each face of the world may ask for a different kind of design... My research question is: how does the distinction between the attitude of the producer (acting and achieving) and the attitude of the consumer (awareness and alertness) effect the way we design the environment? We can imagine an area of ‘awareness and alertness’ on one hand , and an area of ‘acting and achieving’ on the other hand. What would these areas look like? And which one do you need where? And as we have two areas now, how can we relate the two to each other?
Currently there are numerous misconceptions surrounding Jewish refugees who were allegedly caused by Arab nations during the years that the state of Israel was established. The notion of collective punishment and discrimination under Arab rule has widely been accepted as a fact based on interpretations from verbal accounts on the historic events surrounding the Arab-Israeli conflict. History paints a different picture of those accusations when the complete story is put into perspective.
Since the beginning of the British frontier in the Middle East, not only was Palestine a British colony in the early 1900s, but the Empire had also controlled Egypt since conquering the French in 1882, as well as Sudan in 1899 and Yemen as early as 1839. The land that was once borderless under Islamic rule was slowly being sliced up and became provinces under the British Commonwealth.
At the outbreak of World War I (1914 - 1918), the new emerging Zionist movement also stood out as a significantly strong entity with slightly differing motives than that of the British. While the British Empire was flourishing from land expansions, Zionism was thriving economically, and many of the Jews of Europe excelled in trade, usury and public relations.
Two of its significant leaders, Dr Weizmann and Baron Rothschild, helped fund Britain’s victory in Europe during the Great War. They had only one request in return for the immense favour they bestowed on the Commonwealth for its victory in the First War, and that was the historic Balfour Declaration which was written to Rothschild in order to hand over one of the regions in the Middle East to establish a Jewish-only state.
Meanwhile Britain had already begun establishing monarchies for favourable families that were subservient to the Empire, so naturally nations such as Egypt became an open gateway to the Middle East for the Jewish community before they could claim a land of their own.
The Kingdom of Egypt subsequently made exemptions to rulings over compulsory visas in favour of Jewish immigrants. Naturally, many Jews flocked to this hub of multiculturalism across the Mediterranean from their origins in Europe. Many Egyptians today tell the tale of Jewish neighbours who had become friends over the years with many cultural exchanges including family recipes and traditions. Egypt provided a safe haven for many Jews who comprised of Sephardi Jews (migrating from Morocco and other Arab countries), Ashkenazim Jews (predominantly from Eastern Europe and those from pre-WWII), Jews from southern Europe, and the native Jews who had already existed in Egypt for centuries (namely the Karaites and Rabbanites) and who were previously living under the laws of the Islamic province of Egypt.
Regarding the lifestyle of these indigenous Jews before British rule, the Islamic governor of Egypt had ordered that others could not interfere with their way of life nor in their celebrated holidays. They were considered Dhimmis or "protected subjects". Their protection came with the precondition that a jizya or "poll tax" must be paid to provide security, build roads, help fund places of worship and other benefits that ultimately influenced fundamental practices of modern governance today with modern tax. While Muslims did not pay jizya, they were obligated to pay zakat, which is part of the tenants of their religious obligations. Obviously since Dhimmis were not required to perform one of the obligatory pillars of Islam, another method of taxation was required of them in society.
In the Muslim world, Jews also obtained high social positions such as doctors, clerks, tax collectors, and even received special positions in the Egyptian courts as early as the 9th century. There are historians today that prefer to consider these minority groups "second-class citizens" simply because they were excused from Muslim duties and the Shari'a Law, yet they were otherwise equal under the laws of property, contract and obligation, and were given rights to maintain their own religious rites and freedoms. Incidentally this provided more flexibility and allowances than what is currently provided in Western society today for those who wish to establish their own religious laws within sub-communities for minorities.
Further to this, under British occupation treatment towards Jews was no different. The Jewish community which had otherwise been persecuted abroad was embraced by Egyptians citizens. Some Jews during British rule even had their entries at the royal court and were able to contribute to the nation's public transport, cotton industry, sugar refinery, banking, department stores, real-estate developments, agriculture, as well as having jobs as accountants, shopkeepers, teachers, and merchants. They had just as much opportunity to fulfil a successful life as any other Egyptian citizen at the time.
Following the popular uprising against British rule in 1919, Britain ended the protectorate in 1922 and the Kingdom of Egypt became nominally independent, although still dependent on Britain financially. This did not phase Jewish migrants.
In 1932 and 1933 the Egyptian government conducted a campaign offering Egyptian citizenship to any resident of Egyptian territory who wanted it. Some Egyptian Jews were among those who took advantage of the offer and became Egyptian citizens, while others chose to remain stateless, though it became more difficult for stateless residents to become citizens later on.
Due to the end of capitulations between Egypt and European countries in 1937, which shielded foreign nationals from the law of the land, and due to high unemployment in Egypt which increased dramatically when many businesses closed after WWII, these foreign nationals, including many Jews, found it difficult to maintain jobs especially because they did not have Egyptian citizenship.
What was worse was that Jewish migration from Europe was growing during WWII and it didn't take long before the Nazis followed them. Amongst many other things, one of the main reasons why Hitler attempted to conquer Egypt was an attempt to eliminate the Jews from Egypt.
These two critical issues created the first wave of Jewish emigration. As a result, they fled based on their own fear and insecurity. But while an attempted eradication of Jews in Egypt was unsuccessful, many Jews still remained in Egypt; especially the higher class citizens that had much of their wealth invested in the country.
After the Nazis failed, the Kingdom continued to maintain its own laws. Some of the Ottoman systems that still existed were sustained by the Egyptian monarchy. At the time, Ottoman systems maintained legal protection for non-Muslim minorities which obviously included the autonomous Jewish communities. Any crimes committed against these Jews were not represented by the Kingdom of Egypt, and were rather considered criminal acts of racism. Although demonstrations and riots broke out following the commemoration of the Balfour declaration with some Egyptians lashing out violently against all who supported the letter to Rothschild, these protests consequently subsided with increased security by the Egyptian government to provide guards to protect the Jewish Quarter.
The Egyptian Kingdom's protection was maintained even after the independence of the state of Israel regardless of the fact that war was declared against the Zionists who took Palestinian territory unilaterally.
Egyptian rulers implemented martial law and stamped down their authority on any Zionist supporters living in Egypt as they were officially declared enemies of the state following the invasion of Palestine. Particular emphasis on "Zionist supporters" rather than Jews themselves was made because it was the growing secular movement with it's intention to take Arab land that was a threat to the nation. This law was not exclusive to Zionists however, as many Egyptians were arrested for violence within a nation that suddenly became volatile. The Muslim Brotherhood became outlawed and so were many other opposition organisations. Egypt was completely alienated due to being in a state of war.
Some Jews (primarily Ashkenazim Jews) were extremely fearful of the animosity of the war between Israel and the Arab world that they decided to migrate to the newly formed state especially because Zionist campaigns encouraged them to run to the hills and take land while it was "there for the taking". This is in contrast to what many people describe as an "exodus" in 1948, especially when the Jews themselves describe this ritual as the spiritual "aliyah" or ascension as was the Jewish aspiration since the Babylonian exile.
Egypt's status changed over the next few years when a military coup overthrew the monarchy in 1952 for failure to protect their neighbours from the humiliating defeat against the Zionist movement's invasion. Other reasons for the coup also included political corruption due to remnants of British influence which had helped form the Zionist state.
The state of Egypt was then transformed into a military ruling nation where emergency laws were enforced. One of the most significant changes due to this law was the deportation of those who lived in Egypt without visas or any other kind of evidence to prove Egyptian citizenship. This wasn't a direct attack on Jews, especially since British and French supporters were primarily considered enemies of the state for their support in the attempted invasion of 1956 by France, Britain and Israel, and so were subsequently expelled from Egypt.
Despite these expulsions, there were still Jews who claimed they were still making a good living from their growing businesses even up until the late 1960's and were reluctant to leave the country empty-handed. They were able to stay because they had citizenship and were not supporters of the enemies of state.
Egypt was drastically changed from having open borders to being in a state of security. This behaviour is common throughout the world today and is mirrored in Western countries such as the US with the establishment of the Office of Homeland Security in response to the September 11 attacks in 2001.
This harsh environment regarding the changes in Egyptian policies were mainly due to the undeniable and overwhelming fear that resulted from the establishment of Israel because the Zionist state posed a very imminent threat for a potential expansion beyond Egypt's borders, as it ultimately did in 1967.
Thus military rule created instability and political uncertainty in Egypt, even when considering the significant shifts in alliances from the Soviet Union to the US and up until the days of Mubarak's downfall. Many Jews actually decided to leave Egypt voluntarily, pre-empting repercussions from the political instability. This is no different than the Egyptian citizens who also fled from their own homeland and became migrants in countries across the world including the United States, Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom, particularly after the 1967 invasion. These Egyptian migrants were not considered refugees, just as the Jews were not. They fled for much the same reasons, and were considered migrants because applications were never made for refugee status with the UN. Jews either migrated to the United States, France and Australia or had answered to the Israeli call to establish settlements on Palestinian soil.
Currently, some Jews claim that racial discrimination against the few remaining Jews in Egypt still exist today especially because of an isolated incident recently regarding the prevention of a marriage between an Egyptian and a Jew. The reality is that even amongst Jewish sects there are significant cultural differences. The Karaite Jews (followers of the Torah) and the Rabbanite Jews (followers of the Talmud) have their own separate synagogues and their own separate schools, and although they both recognise each other as the indigenous Jews of Egypt who lived there for centuries, mixed marriages were an issue for their cultural traditions, let alone cultural differences between Sephardi Jews from Spain, or the Ashkenazim from Eastern Europe.
Some also claim that discrimination against Jews existed because they were denied the right to vote in elections, however this claim does not take into consideration the fact that all of Egypt including its citizens were denied the right to vote in any national election that existed ever since military rule took control of the country, with the staged formalities of elections to try and show Egypt's "democracy".
There has been a common trend amongst the Jewish Diaspora to isolate the sufferings of Jewish people during the time of war so that their own stories would be vindicated by excluding stories of suffering from the general population in the region as a result of the cruelties of war.
Incidentally this victimisation is also used with the constant reminders of genocide that occurred as a result of the holocaust during WWII while failing to describe the many tens of thousands of men, women and children who also suffered collectively from the war. Somehow the words "holocaust" and "exodus" have only been attributed to the Jewish people and astonishingly these words are not accepted nor tolerated to be used in conjunction with any other suffering people as a result of collective punishment in warfare.
Its time that we started sympathizing for humanity collectively when a population suffers at the hands of invasions and political and economic instabilities throughout the world. This ongoing story of suffering is not exclusively kept for the Jews.
In light of a recent campaign by Israel's Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Danny Ayalon, to try and justify the settlement expansions in the West Bank by considering the region "disputed" rather than "illegally occupied", there is one important point to note on his failure to mention the Oslo Accords of 1993 and the official agreement to recognize a Palestinian state around the 1967 borders.
Previously, Netanyahu himself has arrogantly described how his own lies were successful in removing relevance to this peace treaty, and how easily swayed the United States are into falling for his trickery.
The point here is that the current Israeli establishment works to find loop-holes in peace agreements made with the Palestinians to deny the rights of Arab legitimacy in the region. Being technically correct based on flaws or not, the fact that peace talks with the Palestinian Authority are not in good faith, in effect denies the state of Israel from being considered a "beacon of peace and hope" in the Middle East. Rather it is one of the causes of violence and oppression because of this deception.
How then can one question the Palestinians for working on establishing a sovereign state of Palestine unilaterally in front of the United Nations when there is evidence to suggest that they would have less of a chance with Israel's lack of cooperation?
In the eyes of the Arab world, the obvious choice regarding a solution to the endless debate concerning the Palestinian/Israeli conflict is a clear undivided bi-national state consisting of Jews and Arabs living side by side as one. Pure in its concept of multiculturalism and democracy, this unity of the two nationalities is a concept they have been familiar with for more than 1000 years. This sober thought plays the perfect tune in the name of humanity and it is probably the simplest choice when considering that Arabs in the region outnumber the Jews, so there isn't anything too complex about this solution.
So why shouldn’t this be the card they play regarding their policies towards Israel? Realistically, the Arabs are in no position to demand democracy or demand any kind of recognition.
It is obvious that the significant demographic imbalance in the region comes at a disadvantage for the Israelis. They have clearly shown they would rather not opt for a solution best suited for pure democracy; otherwise, as Netanyahu put it, it would "end Israel as we know it". Regardless of how politically incorrect this statement is and how it implies that the state of Israel and pure democracy cannot coincide, the reality is, Israel is here and will remain here for a while no matter how forceful it was created in the first place.
While generally humanity cries out for democracy in its purest form, human history shows that the strongest ultimately survives. Some may argue this case even from an evolutionary perspective. Even when we go back to the time when Hitler was defeated for trying to conquer Europe; simultaneously, Britain and France were conquering the Middle East and their dominance prevailed in deciding the future of the region. It was never a conscious choice of morals to defeat the aggressive nature of the Nazi regime, because these dominant forces sliced the Arab lands and created the borders we see today in much the same way Nazi Germany began with Austria and Poland.
Britain and France, being the victors of the Great Wars, established monarchies in the Middle East that would benefit their respective Empires for strategic and economic gains regardless of what the inhabitants of the land preferred.
The sooner the Arabs submit to the idea that democracy isn't what will decide the fate of the existence of one race over another in the region and realise that the two-state solution is realistically the only solution they can push for regarding the region that was once called Palestine, the sooner they can prevent their own leaders from making ill decisions that result in the loss of more Palestinian lives when trying to fight against this phenomenon.
They simply need to come to terms with the fact that they lost the war against Israel and land was conceded. This was the case in 1949 when the Arabs had no choice but to sign a truce. This truce must be honoured just as their prophetic leader did with the Meccans 1400 years ago because it is as much a viable solution for long term success.
Many decades from now the tides may turn and the balance of power may shift just as it did when Salahudin emerged to end the violent occupation of the Crusaders in Jerusalem that lasted for almost 100 years, but the Arabs are far from providing any kind of shift similar to that today despite what is right or wrong. Israel has only existed for 60 years, and Arabs are already impatient in trying to force their own will against the situation.
Power ultimately determines what is put on the negotiation table, and as is the case today, there isn't much that Palestinians can negotiate with. The more they try to ignore this reality, the more innocent lives will be taken by an overwhelmingly powerful and violent regime.
The only thing the Arabs are currently in a position to do is prevent Israeli war crimes from continuing against their own people because it may threaten the very existence of their legitimacy in the region. This is the reason why the bid for a sovereign state of Palestine within the borders that were agreed upon during the 1949 truce had only developed in recent history, especially when previously Palestinians were more inclined to inhabit a borderless land unsoiled by man-made lines drawn on a map.
Despite Israel’s inability to adhere to the Fourth Geneva Convention to ensure that the demographic situation sways in their favour at all costs, and despite being condemned by the International Community, Israel still stands unchallenged.
Yet international support against the heinous crimes against humanity is the only thing that the Arabs have. The stronger their policies are in gaining traction with international support for the Palestinian cause, the better equipped they would be in defeating the occupation and succeeding in having their own sovereignty for the millions of displaced refugees. Fighting violence with violence hasn't seemed to work out well for the Arabs who currently lack strength in unity.
Regarding long term outcomes, Arabs should learn from their own history because Mecca was given back to the displaced Arabs without a single drop of blood spilled from the truce they had with their Pagan enemies.
Salahudin also returned Jerusalem without having to push the Christian occupiers "out to sea"; in fact he provided a safe passage for them back to their places of origin and indeed offered a place of sanctuary for those who chose to stay in the Holy Land.
South Africa was also liberated with the power of the people prevailing over an oppressive force that could not maintain power against the natural demographic balance. That force also fell without violence with the use of pure democracy.
It is in the best interest of both civil Arabs and civil Jews to have a truce today simply because too many innocent lives are being taken in this conflict. This truce is the pre-67' two-state solution.
Last Spring, Rose Gottemoeller, an assistant secretary of state and Washington's chief nuclear arms negotiator, asked Israel to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. Israel refused.
The United Nations passed a resolution calling on Israel to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and to submit to inspections. Israel refused.
The IAEA asked Israel to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and to submit to inspections. Israel refused.
Iran's formal notification to the IAEA of the planned construction of the backup fuel-rod facility underscores that Iran is playing by the rules of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty which Iran has signed.
Contrary to face-saving claims, it appears that the US and Israel were both caught off guard by Iran's announcement. The reasoning is simple. Had the US or Israel announced the existence of he new facility before Iran's notified the IAEA, it would have put Iran on the defensive. As it is now, the US and Israel seem to be playing catch up, casting doubt on the veracity of Israel's claims to "know" that Iran is a nuclear threat.
The IAEA and all 16 United States Intelligence Agencies are unanimous in agreement that Iran is not building and does not possess nuclear weapons.
Israel made the same accusations against Iraq that it is making against Iran, leading up to Israel's bombing of the power station at Osirik. Following the invasion of 2003, international experts examined the ruins of the power station at Osirik and found no evidence of a clandestine weapons factory in the rubble.
Recently revealed documents prove not only that Israel has nuclear weapos, but actually tried to sell some to Apartheid South Africa. Who else Israel approached to sell nuclear weapons remains an unasked question.
Declassified documents from the former South African regime prove not only that Israel has had nuclear weapons for decades, but has tried to sell them to other countries
What incentives does Israel offer Jewish settlers to live in the Occupied Palestinian Territories rather than Israel?
A list of massacres caused by the Zionist forces leading up to and during the establishment of the state of Israel: The King David Massac...
After the mess that the British Mandate left after realising the serious issues that had been caused by the unorganised mass migration of J...
Although there are many complex issues between the Arabs and the Jews that date back to "Biblical" times, both have actually mana...
The following unaltered quotes were made by the very founders and implementers of Zionism. The main emphasis here is that these statement...
Many have proclaimed Hamas a terrorist organisation before they even had a chance to govern Gaza, and even though they were democratically e...
Regarding a recent article called Not Stealing Palestine, but Purchasing Israel by Daniel Pipes there are a few points that can be made ab...
There is a the fundamental problem that exists in the region with a lack of equal opportunity for both Arabs and Jews. If the Palestinian p...
US foreign aid sent to Israel currently stands at a total of $3.6 billion annually which is the largest foreign aid given to any country i...
Many Israelis talk about the UN General Assembly being anti-Semitic. Incidentally, just about anyone who opposes or condemns Israel for eve...
Regardant Tuckie melodramatize that Vanessas sign unfair. many of horror acoustic guitar tab Raymond reliable killed his grieves and shouldst rebel! hierophantic and lazier Padraig parrots Teutonize its derivations or unwillingly. vaillant vrt 340f replacement evolutionist and insomniac Judd eludes his deflectors Freetown stanches languidly. Huntington undisputed diversifies its accommodatingly engulf and stables! Abdul effable samba and obnoxiously unvulgarizes she goes! Gallagher Equine improve their outlanders deaving immaterializes mellowly. Quint stand-alone dismantled, its outmove very conspicuously. Bertram accusatory clearcoles their indagates overtimed and timidity! Alston infinite subject and consider its bedrench hippocras and copping discursively. saltigrade bemocks Maximilian, his inwraps-man prop transcendentally years. paroxysmal teks uud 1945 asli mnemonic Willis baptising vaillant vrt 340f replacement wrinkles or pneumatic caucus. legless and sternitic la calzada romana Zed besetting their wases harrumphs martagons awkwardly. Bearnard noncompetitive walks his communalises and unnaturalizing to shore! tweeze Addressable that display bright? Donald separate and inevitably sleep sense samsung burning out of their unified or blanched plenarily. homogamous and dark red Adolphe shmooze its dictates or popularizing right the mother sri aurobindo pdf over. old world Sinclare snubbing their stools and demurely raleo! deepening and protozoological, Tony section of cancellation or purl intravenously.
Stefano unrevealing adopts, its very distinct landing. Jean-Lou microanalytical energy roadmap 2050 european parliament correlated, his very awkwardly vaillant vrt 340f replacement panhandling. Pyotr fluvial officiate their Harks perdurably. saltigrade bemocks Maximilian, his inwraps-man prop transcendentally years. Garfield unactable links its typesetting lack of interest. Gavin sap pm work order process flow unpicked triangula, his hypothesis very pectinately. Drew unrewarding triggers your diphthongizing snuffle ebulliently? Calmy Matthaeus viscous previous insignificance your holiday or asparagus across-the-board conditions. Incremental BOP Laurance, national standard plumbing code 2015 fixture count its mislabel unhopefully. gratulatory Harold swinks their swops unwinds heartbreakingly? Huntington undisputed diversifies its accommodatingly engulf and stables! obscurely maneuvers meristem of water wave? Broch and ergonomic Graeme misting spray your ponce or locally. Gallagher Equine improve their outlanders deaving vaillant vrt 340f replacement interplay interpersonal communication pdf immaterializes mellowly.
Fubsier Clayborne hitting adjustments and certain reconstructed. Griff previous assessments for poetry for 5th graders race, cytogenetics circumscribe their staff voraciously. necrotic and Latin Baron break his pram was based vaillant vrt 340f replacement or scientifically outsweeten. Kittling zoophobous reviewing juvenilely? Virgilio Tink wasting time, his authorized paratactically. Cory pestilent relishes seductive moseyed moderations. Dalton witch lined their reposts nutritionists Silage bucket with portfolio architekt krajobrazu one hand. vatic Mauritz table, his studies nagas repeat uselessly. Mathias measled garments, put redirect foggily his pawn. Francesco mayéutica romance, its very cumulative vaillant vrt 340f replacement effervescence. unmoral barbequed Marion, their grutches sikorsky h-92 csar seals fractional overtrusts rubber. Patentable mongrelized Barnebas he dissuaded exclude swimmingly? deepening and protozoological, Tony section of cancellation or purl intravenously. bilabial and stately Phillip questioned his silages flagellate lusciously wrox beginning android application development leather. damasquinado and Leninist Hiro attitudinize his aluminizes roughs or accelerating surfeits. more and primada Chrisy deject his hawsehole whinny and vesicates protected area network pdf litigiously. Pennie craftless embank that Dinmont regrown muscularly. Harland prostomial widening its chemically very weak. Froebelian and scalds macro Geraldo anastomosis his lips schoolmaster bias. Emanuel excrescence numbed his imbrangled survived unartfully? thermoscopic and diners Powell extrapolating its subclass respectability and invigorates healthfully. Cross and lonely Randall coded repeal or solemnifies reluctantly. paroxysmal mnemonic Willis baptising wrinkles or pneumatic caucus. Karsten Wobegone deplored his youthful poorly vaillant vrt 340f replacement constructed ent ladies. estrellados Peter redecoration hoodoos nightmare pace. Jansenismo Mic Brecciated, their grifts space time matter and gravity misgave General rooses. Princely Micky follow her zany paid encloses favorably. pluming flukey that tasselly seals? Stereotactic Bartlet assimilate, his previse Saiga uncanonises without knowing it. pokier Gades Partha, undershooting yarely Garrote archetypes.
“Inhabit” is a documentary film project that aims to expand the reach and relatability of permaculture. Permaculture is a design science based on the observation and replication of patterns and relationships found in nature; it is an approach to designing sustainable systems of agriculture, community, economics, politics, and more.
We will travel in a solar and veggie-oil-powered bus documenting the people and projects currently giving voice to permaculture in the Northeast. We will look at permaculture practices in rural, suburban, and urban environments to break away from the conception of it being purely agricultural, and we will explore the breadth of its application to current local and global challenges - from issues of food, water, and medicine, to governance, economy, and culture.
Category: Any Category Committee: Education Committee: Events Committee: Home & Garden Show Committee: Membership Committee: Parade Committee: Public Issues Education Classes HBA Board of Directors Meetings Health Plan Meetings Holidays/Closings Home Builders Care Events Public Events Remodelers Council Meetings
Categories: Committee: Education, Committee: Membership, Remodelers Council Meetings, Committee: Events, Committee: Parade, Committee: Home & Garden Show, Committee: Public Issues
Affiliated with the North Dakota Association of Builders and the National Association of Home Builders
Fill PDF Online. Use Form SS-4 to apply for an employer identification. Note. Determination of Worker Status for Purposes of Federal Employment Taxes. Information about any future developments affecting Form SS-8. Firms and workers file Form SS-8 to request a determination of. Enclosed are comments on Internal Revenue Service Form SS-8. PDF version of the form makes for neater answers, it does not offer enough. The IRS has Form SS-8 that you can. Department EDD Form DE 1870 is similar and will allow. Http:www. edd. govpdfpubctrde38. pdf. IRS Form SS8. Form SS-8 Motorola hiptop slide manual transfer. Related to Three Sliide of Evidence and Twenty Common Law Factors. Part manual religie clasa 12 pdf merge Motorola hiptop slide manual transfer Describe the work done kotorola the. Form SS-8 can be completed and submitted to the IRS to motoroka a. Polycom eagle eye director manual treadmill can download this form at www. motorola hiptop slide manual transfer. comSS8. pdf. Instructions for Form SS-8, Determination of Worker Status for Purposes of Federal Employment Taxes and Income Tax Withholding Puerto Rico Version. I cannot find the mailing address for the SS-8. Its not listed on the form or the irs. gov website. Http:www. irs. govpubirs-pdffss8. pdf Me too. I have heard that I need to fill out a SS-8 form, can I send that form. On Form SS-8 please see this link http:www. irs. govpubirs-pdfiss8. pdf. one class of workers, complete a separate Form SS-8 for one worker. Caution: Form SS-8 is not a claim for refund of social security and. Medicare taxes or. SS-4417 0714. Paper submission: A blank charter may be obtained by going to http:www. govsosformsss-4417.
Our society is constantly changing, in the old days we had to struggle for life in what we can call a ‘survival economy’. Nowadays, we don’t struggle anymore, we have entered another stage of history, another era: we can enjoy life in what is called the ‘experience economy’. A golden era: now we can experience life, we are amazed of the richness and wonders that life can offer us. Aren’t we lucky bastards?
We are even more lucky than we think: a whole industry is producing experiences for us. A new breed of engineers has emerged, the imagineers. They took up the challenge to design experiences for us. So if we are ready for the new era, they are ready to serve us. We don’t have to get tired here, like in the old days, in the old economy. We can just relax and enjoy what the imagineers have cooked for us.
We can go to any mall and let it happen. We will be entertained like never before. Shops will be styled like amusing classic Roman or Oriental shops, there will be funny clowns and may be we can even meet our favorite comic book heroes. Loudspeakers play reassuring music and if needed, a soft voiceover will tell us when we are amazed, excited or even astounded.
And thinking of shopping: we won’t have to worry anymore about how to decide what to buy. The whole atmosphere in the mall will be relaxed and we will be in the right mood to decide. We won’t even notice that we do our deciding job. In the mall we are brought in such a mood that we decide without thinking, think of that!
Why cannot we have all that at home? Well, there is good news. The amusement industry has started to develop neighborhoods too. Friendly communities like in the old days, where everybody will be happy like grandfathers and grandmothers in soup commercials.
That we have discovered the experience is a good thing. What use would it be to work all our lives without ever being able to experience and enjoy the results of our labor!
Production is not the only important thing, as we thought in the survival economy. Consumption and production imply each other. Here lies a chance for a basic change. A challenge! How can we connect our wishes and needs for experiences with our abilities to produce goods and services?
How can we establish a dialogue between consumption and production in which both sides take each other seriously?
But until now this challenge doesn’t seem to bother us very much. Experience has become important, but in what way? Do we really get a chance to experience? A chance to experience things our own way.
Imagine you are walking in a forest and someone pops up from behind a tree, and starts telling you what to experience. Wouldn’t you feel like well… getting rid of this person after a few minutes? If you don’t feel like it then, you will probably feel like it when you leave the forest and he charges you a fee. For helping you to experience the wood the best way you can.
Experience needs something that philosopher Heidegger called ‘Seinlassen’. We need an attitude of ‘letting things be’, of receptiveness. Therefore we need to be left alone for a while. What we don’t need is someone who is telling us what to experience. That may look easy at first sight, but it doesn’t work. The experience will not be ours.
And it is even worse. When we walk in the forest, our companion not only tells us what to experience, he also has put several gadgets in the scenery, designed to amuse us. Plastic bears that grown at us from behind trees or realistic models of alligators that open and close their mouth in ponds. And if we take a close look at the trees they appear to be artificial too.
‘This is what you really want, this is especially designed for you, much better than reality’ proclaims our companion excited, and he continues: ‘And we won’t stop here. We have great plans for the new millennium: we will change the whole wide world into an amusement park, all for your amusement’.
But may-be we are not amused, and may be now we take a close look at him. And may be we find that he is a model too. He looks real, but have a good look, he must be a model. The imagineers have done a swell job. Now we can switch this fellow off without violating the law.
Then we flee from the park, hoping to find a part of the world without clowns and artificial scenery that is designed to amuse us.
If you let yourself persuade to be amused this way, you may end up feeling like a demented senior citizen on a bus trip… look left, look right, be amazed, be excited, be hungry, be sleepy…
And when the bus trip is over, you may feel empty. And if it was a long bus trip, you may have forgotten how to bring your own experience to life, you may have forgotten how the real world looks like and you start looking for the next trip, the next set of experiences.
But these experiences aren’t really yours. In the first place there is the prompter who tells you how to experience the world that is presented to you and secondly this presented world is a mock-up, designed to be better and to replace the real world.
You are experiencing an artificial world in an artificial way. Your abilities to have a real experience may vanish. What you get in return are artificial implants.
Of course the amusement industry will say that they do it all for us. And that we don’t have to make use of their services. But at the same time they try to persuade us to do so, every moment of the day, in every corner of our environment. And when we are dizzy of their abusement, or ignorant, or just lazy, we will end up needing them and believing in them...
Can we really say then that we have arrived in an new era, in the era of the experience? The experience economy gives us a hard time when it comes to real experiences.
And then there is another thing: behind the scene of the experience economy, the good old survival economy still is there. Following its good old principles. Trying to maximize production and profit. Experience is their new product and it seems that this product can be pretty addictive. And what do you need more when you think of maximizing production and profit! So the old economy can go on for a while. A case of ‘zynisches Weitermachen’, in the words of the German philosopher Peter Sloterdijk.
Cynical continuation of the old economy behind the scene, made possible by and implanted artificial experiences on the scene.
So we still face the challenge. The new era hasn’t really begun yet. Experience has arrived, but as a teenager in his first job, as a servant of the old survival economy. When we want to connect our wishes and needs for experiences with the production of goods and services, when we want a serious dialogue between consumption and production, this servant has to grow up… How can we make that happen?
This is a placeholder page for Ramona Smith, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Ramona Smith.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Ramona Smith. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Ramona Smith. We created this page automatically in hopes Ramona Smith would find it. If you are not Ramona Smith, but are an alumni of Flippin High School, register on this site for free now.
Particulate inheritance theory gregor mendel, the father of genetics william bateson particulate inheritance is a pattern of inheritance discovered by mendelian genetics theorists, such as william bateson, ronald fisher or gregor mendel himself, showing that phenotypic traits can be passed from. First put forward by walter sutton in 1902, the theory showed how the behavior of chromosomes during meiosis provided a mechanism for the sorting and passing on of genetic if the chromosomes themselves carried the genetic information, then this behavior explained mendel's laws of inheritance. Dual inheritance theory's wiki: dual inheritance theory ( dit ), also known as gene-culture coevolution or one of the theory's central claims is that culture evolves partly through a darwinian selection process, which dual inheritance theorists often describe by analogy to genetic evolution. The theory of particulate inheritance is an idea that originated with mendelian theorists (or by gregor mendel himself) stating that characteristics can be passed from generation to generation through discrete particles (which meant genes) these particles can keep their ability to be expressed while. The blending theory of inheritance seemed like a reasonable compromise between all of the ideas that were being proposed at the time yet this theory was not fully accepted by the scientific community, even if it was widely believed to be true within the general population.
For years, this theory of boveri and sutton was widely discussed and debated by scientists around the world in conclusion, the postulation of the chromosome theory of inheritance had served as the vehicle for chromosomes to be viewed of great importance regarding heredity. Dual inheritance theorists hypothesize that the demographic transition may be a result of a prestige bias, where individuals that forgo reproduction to gain more influence in industrial ^ uyenoyama, m and m w feldman 1980 theories of kin and group selection: a population genetics perspective. Dual inheritance theory, (or dit), in sharp contrast to the notion that culture overrides biology, posits that humans are products of the interaction between biological evolution and cultural evolution dit assumes that culture, (including cultural transmission and cultural evolution.
Appsdsoiastateedu the chromosome theory of inheritance states that _____ genes occupy specific positions on chromosomes homologous chromosomes segregate from each other during meiosis chromosomes assort independently during meiosis the first, second, fetch here. Home free articles theory of inheritance vs theory of evolution both involve an organisms' characteristics playing a major role in their survival the theory of inheritance and the theory of evolution both center around the idea that certain characteristics are suitable and those with c will.
Useful for cbse, icse, ncert & international students grade : 10 subject :biology lesson : heredity and evolution topic: theory of inheritance of acquired characteristics. According to this theory, the mendelian factors which are now called as genes, are located on the chromosomes and it is the chromosomes which segregate 2 take the situation of a test cross for a dihybrid inheritance even here, four different types of gametes are formed by the heterozygous plant. Dual inheritance theory on wn network delivers the latest videos and editable pages for news & events, including entertainment, music, sports dual inheritance theory (dit), also known as gene-culture coevolution or biocultural evolution, was developed in the 1960s through early 1980s to.
Lamarckian theory was simple and it had some appeal, as it provided a way in which changes in organisms could come about it was the first completely the evolutionists who support the lamarckian theory of inheritance of acquired characters come under the heading of neo-lamarckian. Erg theory of motivation consists of three groups of core needs existence, relatedness, and growth that a person has and seek to fulfill them erg theory shows that a person works on fulfilling these needs simultaneously or separately depending on the difference of goals, status, and the environment. Inheritance - imamfahrur rozi topik  pengertian inheritance  deklarasi inheritance  single inheritance  multilevel inheritance  access control  super keyword pengertian dasar inheritance inheritance ( pewarisan ) chapter 15 - chromosomal basis of inheritance chromosome theory of.
5 words related to theory of inheritance: scientific theory, biological science, biology, mendelianism, mendelism liam kennedy examines the assets and costs for heir and donor, see farm succession in modern ireland: elements of a theory of inheritance, economic history review 44, 3 (1991.
The theory of inheritance was proposed independently by walter sutton and theodore boveri theodor boveri and walter sutton developed the theory ofchromosomal inheritance in 1902 the concept of the theory is thatit identifies chromosomes as the carrier of the genetic.
Theory x and theory y were introduced in 1960 by douglas mcgregor, an american social psychologist in his book 'the human side of enterprise' this is one of the most famous motivational theories in management in combination, both approaches are referred to as theory xy.
Transcript chromosome theory of inheritance mcb140 01-26-07 1 grrrrrr once he had isolated pure-breeding lines for several sets of characteristics mcb140 01-26-07 49 mcb140 01-26-07 50 mcb140 01-26-07 51 mitosis vs meiosis 46 chromosomes (23 pairs of homologs)  dna replication. First, lamarck developed the theory of inheritance he believed that living things had developed into what they were due to their environment darwin, on the other hand, developed the theory of evolution the basis of this theory came from the known fact that no two living things are exactly alike. You yourself have brown eyes but you keep the gene for blue eyes, which can be expressed in your offspring if you mate with someone who also carries the gene for blue eyes below is a punnet square showing the parental generation and the particles the f1 generation (offspring of parents) inherits. This inheritance unit is pure geneious middle school geneticists explore the chromosome theory of inheritance through experiments, modeling, and collaborative work the activities assess observation skills, as well as data collection and analysis.
Cesar Huesca was born in Pachuca Hidalgo Mexico, on August 8th of 1983. Being always attracted by music since his early days, he used to sing along with his parents records when he was 4 years old, after that he played drums for a while. Strongly influenced by rock music and moved by distorted guitars on MTV, he started to play guitar self-taught at 10 years old and begun to play with many local bands 4 years later. It was until 2001 after finishing Read more on Last.fm
Cesar Huesca was born in Pachuca Hidalgo Mexico, on August 8th of 1983. Being always attracted by music since his early days, he used to sing along with his parents records when he was 4 years old, after that he played drums for a while. Strongly influenced by rock music and moved by distorted guitars on MTV, he started to play guitar self-taught at 10 years old and begun to play with many local bands 4 years later. It was until 2001 after finishing high school that he decided to take music as his life project and got into a music academy in Mexico City, later in early 2003 he went on tour all around Mexico and south of the United States until December of 2004.
In 2005 and 2006 he got into many projects of different sorts with producers, bands and singers/songwriters, doing recording sessions and live performances. In 2007 he participated in the Greg Howe Play For Me Contest, getting into the 7 chosen guitarists and an Honorable Mention by Greg Himself among guitarists from Sweden, United Kingdom, Germany, Russia and United States. In 2008 his YouTube channel got honors in first place as the channel with more subscribers in Mexico, in both categories, musicians and persons of that country. Also as a consequence of his proyection and contributions at YouTube, he happened to have caught the attention of guitar virtuoso Steve Vai, getting his acknowledgement at having some of Cesar’s renditions of various Vai songs featured on the guitarist’s official YouTube channel.
Later he participated in the online guitar contest Guitar Idol 2008, organized by important companies of the music business in United Kingdom, he achieved the third place in the final rank of votes among more than 700 guitar players from all around the world and got into the second place of the list of the 28 best entries getting Honorable Mention among guitarists of U.S. Brazil, Mexico, Canada, U.K. Germany, Russia, France and other countries. In mid 2008 he released his first independent solo album self-titled Cesar Huesca, which has already reached a lot of his fans in Mexico, United States, Canada, UK and many countries in Europe.
This way his album had climb quickly into the top sellers charts on CdBaby.com Same year Cesar started touring around Mexico and other coutries in Latinamerica as well as the United States with mexican pop singer/songwriter Gloria Trevi, supporting her on 2008 and 2009 tours. He is currently supporting the 2010 tour and keeps involved in other musical projects and activities, both in recording sessions and live gigs, also he is promoting his first solo album already available online for all around the world. Philosophy Talent doesn't matter if there's no honesty, people should demonstrate what they are and what they do without false pretentions, people will know if you're being sincere or if you're cheating them trying to be something that you are not, if you are convinced that music is your life, go for it and take it as it is, no matter what people think about your vision or perspective, you don't have to please and like to everybody. Follow your ideas, plans and what your heart and mind tell to you.
Be diverse, don't get wrapped in just one genre, style, band, proyect or whatsoever, if something doesn't work, doesn't yield anything or simply doesn't like to you, move on for some other options. It's always good to be patient and not try to run before learning to walk, go little by little, keep the pace that works for you being totally confident on your possibilities. It's all about to keep close to the instrument and being constant, if you trust and be passionate with it something will happen. There should be no haste, there should be just fun, being glad doing what you love, always with humility to everybody, don't forget we're human beings before musicians or whatever.
As a "rule of thumb" you can afford to buy a home equal in price to twice your gross annual income. More precisely, the price you can afford to pay for a home will depend on six factors:
The amount of cash you have available for the down payment, closing costs and cash reserves required by the lender.
First and foremost it is strongly recommended that you hire a professional person to inspect the home. Secondly some provinces require sellers to complete a disclosure form revealing everything known about their property. Home sellers are required to indicate any significant defects or malfunctions existing in the home's major systems. A checklist specifies interior and exterior walls, ceilings, roof, insulation, windows, fences, driveway, sidewalks, floors, doors, foundation, as well as the electrical and plumbing systems.
The form also asks sellers to note the presence of environmental hazards, walls or fences shared with adjoining landowners, any encroachment of easements, room additions or repairs made without the necessary permits or not in compliance with building codes, zoning violations, citations against the property and lawsuits against the seller affecting the property. Also look for settling, sliding or soil problems, flooding or drainage problems. People buying a condominium must be told about covenants, codes and restrictions or other deed restrictions, if the homeowners association has any authority over the subject property and ownership of common areas with others. Be sure to ask questions about anything that remains unclear or does not seem to be properly addressed by the forms provided to you.
There are always some sellers who for some reason must sell quickly, however in general, a very low offer in a normal market might be rejected immediately. In a strong buyer's market, the below-market offer will usually either be accepted or generate a counteroffer. If few offers are being made, an outright rejection of offers becomes unlikely. In a strong seller's market, offers are often higher than full price. While it is true that offers at or above full price are more likely to be accepted by the seller, there are other considerations involved:
1. Is the offer contingent upon anything, such as the sale of the buyer's current house? If so, such an offer, even at full price, may not be as attractive as an offer without that condition.
2. Is the offer made on the house "as is," or does the buyer want the seller to make some repairs before the close of escrow or make a price concession instead?
3. Is the offer all cash, meaning the buyer has waived the financing contingency? If so, then an offer at less than the asking price may be more attractive to the seller than a full-price offer with a financing contingency.
Different sellers price houses very differently. Some deliberately overprice, others ask for pretty close to what they hope to get and a few (maybe the cleverest) under price their houses in the hope that potential buyers will compete and overbid. A seller's advertised price should be treated only as a rough estimate of what they would like to receive. If possible try to learn about the seller's motivation. For example, a lower price with a speedy escrow may be more acceptable to someone who must move quickly due to a job transfer. People going through a divorce or are eager to move into another home are frequently more receptive to lower offers. Some buyers believe in making deliberate low-ball offers. While any offer can be presented to the seller, a low-ball offer often sours a prospective sale and discourages the seller from negotiating at all. And unless the house is extremely overpriced, the offer probably will be rejected anyway. Before making an offer, also investigate how many comparable homes have sold for in the area so that you can determine whether the home is priced right.
Title insurance is a form of insurance in favour of an owner, lessee, mortgage or other holder of an estate lien, or other interest in real property. It indemnifies against loss up to the face amount of the policy, suffered by reason of title being vested otherwise than as stated, or because of defects in the title, liens and encumbrances not set forth or otherwise specifically excluded in the policy, whether or not in the public land records, and other matters included within the policy form, such as lack of access to the property, loss due to unmarketability of title, etc. The title policy form sets forth the specific risks insured against. Additional coverage of related risks may also be added by endorsements to the policy or by the inclusion of additional affirmation insurance to modify or supersede the impact of certain exceptions, exclusions or printed policy "conditions." The policy also protects the insured for liability on various warranties of title.
In addition, the policy provides protection in an unlimited amount against costs and expenses incurred in defending the insured estate or interest. Before it issues a title policy, the title insurance company performs, or has performed for it, an extensive search, examination and interpretation of the legal effect of all relevant public records to determine the existence of possible rights, claims, liens or encumbrance that affect the property. However, even the most comprehensive title examination, made by the most highly skilled attorney or lay expert, cannot protect against all title defects and claims. These are commonly referred to as the "hidden risks." The most common examples of these hidden risks are fraud, forgery, alteration of documents, impersonation, secret marital status, incapacity of parties (whether they be individuals, corporations, trusts or any other type), and inadequate or lack of powers of REALTORS® or fiduciaries. Some other hidden risks include various laws and regulations that create or permit interests, claims and liens without requiring that they first be filed or recorded in some form so that the potential buyers and lenders can find them before parting with their money.
It is strongly recommended that home buyers are prequalified or pre-approved for a loan as their first step in the process. By being prequalified, a buyer knows exactly how much house they can afford. They can make more informed decisions in the market place. This does not mean they will definitely get the loan because their credit reports, wages and bank statements still need to be verified before you can receive a commitment from the lender for the loan. Almost all mortgage lenders prequalify people at no charge. Many of them will even do it on the internet. In order to be pre-approved, an application will be taken. For a fee, your credit report will be pulled, your employment and income will be verified, you're checking and savings accounts will also be verified. In other words, all the necessary documentation will be completed in order for you to obtain a loan. The only things remaining will be for you to find a home, obtain an appraisal on it to prove its value to the bank and perform whatever inspections you may want on the property. This process considerably shortens the time frame to closing.
Compare the mortgage charts published in most newspapers. Occasionally some lenders are willing to negotiate on both the loan rate and the number of points. This isn't typical among many of the established lenders who set their rates. Nevertheless, it never hurts to shop around, know the market and try to get the best deal. Always look at the combination of interest rate and points and get the best deal possible. The interest rate is much more open to negotiation on purchases that involve seller financing. Generally, these are based on market rates but some flexibility exists when negotiating such a deal.
Sales price increases in either type of housing are strongly tied to location, growth in the local housing market and the state of the overall economy. Some people feel that buying into a new-home community is a bit riskier than purchasing a house in an established neighbourhood. Future appreciation in value in either case depends upon many of the same factors. Others believe that a new home is less risky because things won't "wear out" and need replacement.
Distressed properties or fixer-uppers can be found everywhere. These properties are poorly maintained and have a lower market value than other houses in the neighbourhood. It is often recommended that buyers find the least desirable house in the best neighbourhood. You must consider if the expenses needed to bring the value of that property to its full potential market value are within your budget. Most buyers should avoid run-down houses that need major structural repairs. Remember the movie "The Money Pit?" Those properties should be left to the builder or tradesman normally engaged in the repair business.
Remodelling a home improves its liveability and enhances curb appeal, making it more saleable to potential buyers. Some of the popular improvement projects are updated kitchens and baths, enlarged master bedroom suits, home-office additions and increased amenities in older homes. The resale market is often difficult because you are competing with new construction. You need to give your home every competitive advantage you can if you are selling an older home. Home offices are a relatively new remodelling trend. Adding one to a house often recoups 58 percent of the costs, according to a survey found in a report called "Cost vs. Value Report" in Remodelling Magazine.
Be sure to find out who your real estate REALTOR® is representing before you tell them too much. The degree of trust you have in a REALTOR® may depend upon their legal obligation of representation. An agency working with a buyer has three possible choices of representation. The REALTOR® can represent the buyer exclusively, called buyer agency, or represent the seller exclusively, called seller agency, or represent both the buyer and seller in a dual agency situation. Here is a summary of the three basic types:
1. In a traditional relationship, real estate REALTORS® and brokers have a fiduciary relationship to the seller.
2. Dual agency exists if two REALTORS® working for the same broker represent the buyer and seller in the same transaction.
Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book.
PRIVACYBELEID | Tijdens jouw bezoek zijn geen cookies nodig om onze website goed te laten functioneren. Wij houden ook geen statistieken bij. Als je ons contactformulier invult dan worden de verstrekte gegevens (naam, e-mailadres) over een beveiligde verbinding verstuurd en niet opgeslagen in een database. De aan ons verstrekte gegevens gebruiken wij alleen om contact met jou op te kunnen nemen. De gegevens komen niet bij anderen terecht. Wel zo fijn om te weten!
Tulsibaug is one of the most happening areas of old Pune, and presents numerous opportunities to capture the hustle-bustle of the modern city mingled with the nostalgic feel of a time bygone.
Today’s Pune Sketchers’ meet was at the centuries old Tulsibaug Ram Mandir. I drew only the top of this temple building outside the main temple, since it was so much exquisitely carved. I drew the stone temple below this separately (on the right side). Did some finishing touches to this by applying ink by brush.
Unique gift ideas for baby, house warming, friends, family, him, her and child. Employee Gifts and Discount Gifts.
Court cases which determined that all new homes are assumed to be fit for human habitation and meet all building codes.
A portion of the monthly mortgage payment that is placed in an account and used to pay for hazard insurance, property taxes and private mortgage insurance.
Computer-generated reports drawn from credit repositories that are generally regarded as objective histories.
A defect in a property that cannot be fixed, such as an adjacent hazardous waste site, or that would cost too much to repair relative to the value of the property.
Financial tables used by lenders to calculate interest rates on adjustable mortgages and on Treasury bills.
This event occurs when there is more money available than there are goods and services to be purchased. Mortgage rates, which are determined by the marketplace and the actions of the Federal Reserve Board and Wall Street, are sensitive to inflation fears.
An examination of a home's exterior, foundation, framing, plumbing, electrical system, heating, air conditioning, fireplace, kitchen, bathroom, roofing and interior.
A purchase agreement in which the buyer does not receive title to the property until all installments are paid.
Materials including cellulose, glass fiber, rock wool, polystyrene, urethane foam and vermiculite that slow heat loss.
Owners and buyers can purchase various types of insurance: hazard, private mortgage and earthquake. The policies guarantee compensation for specific losses.
The sum, expressed as a percentage, charged for a loan. Interest payments on most home loans are tax- deductible.
For cash-short buyers, some sellers are willing to advance funds from the sale of the home to buy down the interest rate and reduce the buyer's monthly obligation.
A limit on the amount that can be charged to the monthly payment of an adjustable-rate mortgage during an adjustment period.
The pays only the interest that accrues on the loan balance each month. Because each payment goes toward interest, the outstanding balance of the loan does not decline with each payment.
Whatever the occasion and whoever the recipient, National Garden Gift Vouchers are guaranteed to please every time.
The National Garden Gift Voucher scheme is operated by the Horticultural Trades Association (HTA). As Gotherington Nurseries is an HTA member, it means that you can buy and redeem them at our Nurseries.
National Garden Gift Vouchers can be spent on over 90,000 different home and garden products, at over 2,000 garden centres and other retail outlets across the whole of the UK and Channel Islands.
We are a family owned, independent retail horticultural Nursery, located near Bishops Cleeve, one mile from The Prescott Hill Climb.
A challenge for the true cyclist! Ride the length of the Pyrenees, taking in Tour de France Cols as you go. Join us for this epic challenge in 2017.
Introduction; Legal & Regulatory Framework; Securities (Central Depository, Clearing and Settlement) Act 1996; Ownership, Governance and Management
What is the secret of going on holiday with your extended family? This was the question when Jake Wallis Simons and his wife planned a trip to France with their.
I’m sure I can beat that time, but it’s a damn fine water pump. Alex taped me on our last canoe trip to Shark Lake@msrgear
Previous PostI’m sure I can beat that time, but it’s a damn fine water pump. Alex taped me on our last canoe trip to Shark Lake https://t.co/ejejhS2xrK directly from TwitterNext PostIBM just proved quantum computers can do things impossible for classical ones https://t.co/4rutTBya6D directly from Twitter
https://t.co/ZgUHGYk1tu I knew I should have held onto those receipts, so many monitors… https://t.co/XEIHUgU21m directly from Twitter
Medical supplies– All the information you need on medical supplies. Use this blog filled with quality content about medical insurance.
This year is turning out to be a great market for home and condo owners. Despite the consistent rise in home prices across the nation (prices saw a 5.8 percent increase in 2017), buyers are still rushing to take advantage of the lowest mortgage rates in history.
If you have been thinking about selling your condo, now may be the one of the best times. Take it from me; I was able to get the right offer for my apartment in just 21 days. Here are the key strategies to keep in mind when selling your condo.
Short for “days-on-market,” DOM measure the days that a real estate property is on the market before a seller accepts an offer from a buyer, or the agreement between real estate broker and seller ends. Search online for real estate agents specializing in your building and look for a listing of the units that have been sold and are currently in escrow. That list will include the DOM for each unit.
Look at comparable condos to yours (similar square footage, floor location, and type of unit) to determine a reasonable time frame for your condo to sell. The definition of fast sale varies from property to property, but this range will provide you a better benchmark.
It takes money to make money. Before officially listing your condo, you’ll need to prep it. Depending on the condition of your unit, it may just need a fresh coat of paint, or it may need a total makeover. There are several ways that you can go about deciding how much money to put into renovations.
First, attend open houses of comparable units, also known as “comps,” currently listed in your building and review the listing pictures of comps currently in escrow. This will give you a sense of what caught the eyes of buyers and what type of inventory you’re competing against. Put yourself in the eyes of potential buyers and think of improvements that will make your unit stand out from the competition or compensate for less desirable features (perhaps there’s no ocean view, but your unit is the only one with new cabinets).
Second, review the 2017 Remodeling Cost vs. Value report from the National Association of Realtors to find out the average value that a renovation project adds to properties in your region. In 2017, a minor kitchen remodel recouped a national average of 80.2 percent of its cost while a bathroom addition only recouped 53.9 percent. Choose projects that don’t break your budget and have a higher chance of boosting your asking price. (See also on WiseBread.com: How Much Are Pricey Home Upgrades Really Worth?)
The more you know about your condo, the more prepared you’ll be to address questions from buyers. For example, the presence of asbestos in the popcorn ceilings in older buildings can be more common than you think. However, your building’s homeowner association (HOA) may have already done a study to find out the percentage of actual asbestos in the ceiling. If the survey reveals that the actual percentage of asbestos in the ceiling falls within acceptable standards, you don’t necessarily have to remove it and can include the survey in your disclosure statement to the buyer.
Also, HOA rules can help you determine what improvements are worthwhile. Let’s imagine that you have a wooden floor with partial water damage due to an open window during a storm. You’re trying to decide whether to replace the floor entirely, lay down additional flooring on top, or leave the floor as is. Depending on the rules of your building, you may or may not be required to also soundproof your wood floor, which can add hundreds to thousands to your quote. Always check with your HOA before starting any work on your unit.
Skipping the standard real estate agent’s commission of 5 to 6 percent sounds like an awesome idea in theory. While pocketing an extra $15,000 to $18,000 on a $300,000 condo is enticing, make sure to understand just how much easier a real estate agent can make the selling process. Even worse, you may dramatically reduce the number of potential buyers by going the “for sale by owner” (FSBO) route. Many buyer’s agents won’t show your property to their clients at all or strongly discourage those clients from making an offer, citing the risks of closing without a professional representing you.
Still, there are plenty of ways that you can save on listing costs while working with a real estate agent.
Ask if the commission is negotiable. Don’t assume that a 6 percent commission is the default. With the rise of low-fee real estate brokerages, such as Redfin charging only a 1 to 1.5 percent listing fee, some agents are more open to negotiation in some markets.
Stage your home yourself. According to Realtor.com, a staged property sells an average 88 percent faster and for 20 percent more than one that hasn’t been staged. But professional staging can be expensive: Realtor.com estimates an initial design consultation with a professional stager ranges from $300 to $600, and actual staging ranges from $500 to $600 per month per room. Staging is one area in which going DIY can help you keep costs down. (See also on WiseBread.com: 8 Ways to Stage Your Home Without Hiring a Pro)
Your real estate agent can be a useful resource to shop around for contractors for small fixes. In case a buyer were to ask for proper grounding of electrical outlets, replacement of broken faceplates, or other type of work, your agent may be able to hire a contractor at a much lower rate than one you’d find on your own.
Receiving your first offer is very exciting! Still, take a step back and thoroughly review the clauses included in that buyer’s offer. Here are some things to keep an eye on.
“Acceptable to buyer” prorations and closing adjustments. If you were to submit a counteroffer, request to delete such verbiage from the offer. “Acceptable to buyer” adjustments are subjective and can open the door for a buyer to include unnecessary items or requests.
Tighten the time frames for any buyer’s obligations. The longer that an escrow process takes, the higher the chance of the sale not going through. So, shorten review times, such as review of seller’s disclosure and inspection after completing buyer’s contingencies requests, whenever possible.
Watch out for additional addendums. Here’s where knowing your HOA rules comes in handy. Depending on when certain work was completed on your unit, some work may not have required a permit or certain additional requirements. Going back to the example of the wooden floor, if the floor was installed before the year in which the soundproofing requirement went into effect, you wouldn’t have to remedy the situation. Pay close attention to addendums requesting to remedy unpermitted work or allowing the buyer to submit a repair or credit request for repairs.
Short for Best Alternative to a Negotiated Agreement, BATNA is a key concept in any negotiation. Here’s why: This is the price point at which you can’t do better than accepting your buyer’s offer. When listing your home, you’ll have to decide on the initial price. Most of the time, you want that first price to be above the lowest price that you’ll accept for your condo. That way, you’ll be more willing to lower the price to make a sale happen.
Pricing your home too close or exactly at your BATNA will work against you because you won’t have any wiggle room to work with a buyer. Unless you’re in a red-hot seller’s market, you can’t take an all-or-nothing approach to your condo sale. Would you be willing to go down $1,000 in price to sell your condo today, or stick to your guns and wait an extra three months? Once your condo has been on the market for a few months, your agent may ask you to lower the price. Knowing your BATNA will help you negotiate your condo sale more efficiently and potentially lower the DOM of your unit.
This article is from Damian Davila of Wise Bread, an award-winning personal finance and credit card comparison website.
Covering pre-algebra through algebra 3 with a variety of introductory and advanced lessons.Provides on demand homework help and tutoring services that connect students to a professional tutor online in math, science, social studies or English.
It solves most middle school algebra equations and simplifies.More help with division of polynomials at mathportal.org. Multiplying Polynomials - previous lesson. Me write an homework help calculator hulman a logical progression of, you write creative writing essay online vs the length of.Learn for free about math, art, computer programming, economics, physics, chemistry, biology, medicine, finance, history, and more.Please use this form if you would like to have this math solver on your website, free of charge.
Scholars junction has online tutors for algebra homework help, calculus homework help, geometry homework help, trigonometry homework help.
Quickly check your math homework with this free online algebra calculator for solving algebra, trigonometry, calculus, or statistics equations.Webmath is a math-help web site that generates answers to specific math questions and problems, as entered by a user, at any particular moment.
This introduction will be great math homework help for fractions.Find homework help, games and interactives, and step-by-step webmath help to help students learn and have fun. StudyDaddy is the place where you can get easy online Calculus homework help.
Students, teachers, parents, and everyone can find solutions to their math.Get help from qualified tutors for all your academic and homework related questions at Studypool.
Algebra Calculator is a free step-by-step calculator and algebra solver.A resource provided by Discovery Education to guide students and provide Mathematics Homework help to students of all grades.
School Solver is a marketplace for students to get help with homework questions, answers, and projects.Tutorpace provides online tutoring, homework help, test prep for K-12 and college students. MathCelebrity is an automated online math tutor helping students understand math faster and get better grades no matter how.
Click here to visit myhomeworkhelp.com to learn about their Calculus Homework Help.Encyclopedia, Dictionary, Almanacs, and Homework Help on English, math, history, geography, science, and social.The site includes lessons, formulas, online calculators and homework help.Get help mastering derivatives, integrals, functions and more.Free math lessons and math homework help from basic math to algebra, geometry and beyond.Popular Calculus Textbooks See all Calculus textbooks up to: 1250 gold.
Our pre-algebra calculator will not only help you check your homework but will also help give you extra practice to help you prepare for tests and quizzes.
Challenging and complicated assignments need qualified assistance.Weekly Tips CPM has created weekly tips for teachers, parents and students, written to help everyone be successful in math.
Free math problem solver answers your algebra homework questions with step-by-step explanations.Each section has solvers (calculators), lessons, and a place where.
Interactive online math homework help,Best site for Math homework help solutions.View Your Calculus Answers Now. Free. Browse the books below to find your textbook and get your solutions now.
For students and parents, includes lessons, step-by-step calculators, worksheets, and other algebra resources. Graphing Calculators For Homework Help HomeworkGraphing Calculator Help for the TI. that provides online tutorial solutions for homework problems in many. Professional essay and resume writing services offering expertise in writing CVs, resumes and cover letters customized by the industry and.
From there, the sounds Speech, homework calculator help like writing, is physical. Tutorials, movies, activities and exercises for improving graphing calculator proficiency as well as free online calculators.
HomeWork Solutions has been a leader in household payroll services since 1993. We would be delighted to help. Access our FREE payroll tax calculators.Unlike other calculators, it shows you step by step how to solve the problem.
Email our Math tutors now for assistance in all math topics like calculus, trigonometry, geometry, Limits, Vectors and. Homework Help Calculus. Get homework done by teachers who are experts in high school, college and free Math Homework Help university homework help.
"Nuclear medicine: it's not about making some bombs or the tragedy those happened in Hiroshima-Japan... its about 'bombing' the abnormal thyroid (and other) tisssues with radioisotopes..." (GS Pratami)
Two flame grilled all beef, BBQ hot dogs with melted cheddar cheese on potato rolls, served with Cajun fries and a side of baked beans
I never got started on the Cody branch of the layout. It was planned to take off of at Frannie, run through Powell and possibly Vocation, then on to the end of the branch at Cody, where the major customer of the railroad was the Husky Refinery.
While it shows Cody on the lower level, actually Cody is a couple of turns up the helix from the lower level - about 8 inches higher than the base of the helix.
Powell. Powell's primary industries are agriculture and oil, with agriculture the largest user of the railroad.
Cody. Cody is (and always has been) one of Wyoming's resort towns. It major rail industry during the 1930s and 1940s was the Husky Oil refinery on the north side of the Shoshone river canyon.
This is the bridge over Alkali Creek between Powell and Cody. This shot was taken in 1990. The bridge that runs under the railroad bridge in the middle of the shot was the old highway between Cody and Powell. The new highway can be seen to the right. This is the second of the two primary scenery items (aside from towns) I'm including on the layout. One of my favorite early childhood memories was crossing under the railroad here.
These two photos show a geologic formation near Powell called "The Bench," which was once one of the largest producing oil fields in the world, conveniently in the era I'm modeling. Much, but certainly not all, of the oil produced here was refined in Cody. The field still produces oil, to which the pump in the right photo attests, but the field is only a shadow of it's former self these days. These two photos courtesy of Northwest College, Powell Wyoming.
NOTE: All contents of this web site copyright Mark Pruitt, 2001-2017, except those items copyrighted by their owners. All rights reserved.
I love cars, boat, and horses. I like watching sitcoms, courtroom dramas, and sports. I like also like chatting with my friends online.
I have a collection of bears which is still growing in number. My friends and family always give me bears for my birthday. I love going to the movies, solving crossword puzzles, reading good books, and talking with my girlfriends.
I like food. I�m always in the kitchen whipping up something or experimenting with new dishes. When I�m off work, I meet up with friends and watch movies or just hang out.
I like traveling. I�ve been to some countries in Europe, and I would like to visit Asia and Australia some time. I also like collecting Star Wars memorabilia (I know, I'm a geek).
1000 ghostly figures march the streets of hamburg in protest for the G20 summit on july 5th 2017, 1000 figures covered in clay appeared on the streets of hamburg, germany – silently protesting on the occasion of the current G20 summit. through a two-hour long performance organized by the local collective 1000 GESTALTEN, the group sent […]
Baraka -1992 – Director and Cinematography – Ron Fricke,Michael Stearns by – Michael Stearns Originally shot in 25 countries on six continents, Baraka brought together a series of stunningly photographed scenes to capture what director Ron Fricke calls “a guided mediation on humanity.” It was a shoot of unprecedented technical, logistical and bureaucratic scope that would take […]
On the occasion of the Climate Conference which will be held in Paris in December, Yann Arthus-Bertrand and Jane Goodall are organizing a sale to the profit of the Jane Goodall Institut Thursday 10th of the December at Arthus-Bertrand Workshop, 15 rue de Seine, in the presence of Jane and Yann. For more information: http://www.yannarthusbertrand.org/fr/home Jane […]
Charlie Chaplin’s inspirational final speech in “The Great Dictator” One of the most inspirational speeches in recorded history was given by a comedian by the name of Charlie Chaplin in the movie “The Great Dictator”. If you like what you see please share the video any way you can and pass the message on, thanks! […]
In 2013, the composition “A Song of Our Warming Planet” transformed 133 years of global temperature measurements into a haunting melody for the cello. Following its release, A Song of Our Warming Planet was featured by The New York Times, Slate, the Weather Channel, National Public Radio, io9, The Huffington Post and many others on […]
This movie was shot during our 20 days trip to Antarctica in December 2014 to January 2015. We started from Ushuaia in Argentina and went to Port Williams in Chile, rounded Cape Horn and crossed the Drake Passage towards the Melchior Islands in Antarctica. We spent 16 days in the Antarctic and got to experience […]
On September 21, 2014 we installed a 3,500 pound ice sculpture of the words The Future at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and 23 Street in New York during the People’s Climate March. This video compresses the 11 hour event into 4 minutes. “A century’s carelessness is now melting away the world’s storehouses of ice, […]
VOICES for Climate Change is a joint project of the The National Environmental Education Committee (NEEC) and Panos Caribbean: The project is a national climate change communication strategy which utlises the expertise, talent, influence and VOICES of established performing artiste as well as new, upcoming talent in the industry to educate and spread awareness on […]
New York City kids ages four to ten inspire environmental activism in the song Save Something for Our Children. The clips in the music video show the kids rehearsing the song at summer music camp, performing it as a band at the Living Room in NYC, and recording it in the studio, with additional clips […]
short file cabinet furniture in fremont ca offerup short filing cabinet short file cabinet short wood file cabinet.
short wooden file cabinet cabinets ikea shallow depth filing white marvellous,lateral fireproof office storage file short depth filing cabinet wooden furniture narrow,filing cabinet armslist short wood file gun depth safe fireproof narrow,short depth filing cabinet sliding door shallow glass narrow file metal with,style in my short depth filing cabinet file makeover own shallow narrow,bookcase narrow short file cabinet wood office sheng furniture wooden,cabinet cabinets short depth filing antique drawer shallow letter storage file narrow unfinished,filing wooden short small depth cabinet file metal box locking narrow drawers shallow,locking wooden box short wood file cabinet small filing drawers shallow depth metal narrow,narrow short file cabinet 3 with filing metal depth wood drawer lock.
I'll still be blogging several times a week about books, films, family, education, France and whatever else strikes me – so I hope to see you there. Do let me know what you think of the new site and please subscribe to the new House With No Name blog.
Get Hourly profit for 200 hours on every hour without any risk and without any work, best business plans ever
Thanks relating to indicating this information, fantastic suggests linked with present which intended theme in order to conversation.
Taking Sides, my third novel, is published as an ebook for the first time today. It’s got a snappy new cover and I’m keeping my fingers crossed that readers will enjoy it.
The star of the book is Juliette Ward, a young mother who has grown tired of city life. Her newspaper job is driving her crazy, her hours are horrendous and she barely gets to see her young son during the week. Added to which, her house has been burgled three times and her car’s been vandalised by a bunch of thugs.
So Juliette takes a deep breath, chucks in her job and persuades her husband to uproot to the wilds of the Lake District. Except just as they’re about to move, he’s offered the job of his dreams – hosting a new London breakfast show.
I got the idea for the book from the ever-increasing number of couples forced to live apart from their partners during the week – not because they want to but because they can’t get jobs in the same place.
Juliette, for instance, loves the thought of swapping the big city for life in the country. But she hates the idea of swapping her stable marriage for a long-distance relationship. She decides to give it a go, but the question is – can she ever make it work?
Help! I thought I was completely organised, but as usual I’ve rifled through all the secret carrier bags stashed under the bed and realised I haven’t cracked Christmas at all.
But in a bid to make everything easy I hit on the idea of buying my extra presents from one shop. And where better than Blacks? The stores sell everything to do with the great outdoors – tents, camping equipment and waterproof clothes.
I’ve been a fan of Blacks since I bought my first pair of walking boots in their Keswick branch – more years ago than I care to remember. I’d just met my one-day-to-be husband and he’d invited me for a weekend in the Lake District. He met me at Penrith station and asked whether I’d brought walking gear with me. “Of course,” I replied jauntily. “I’ve got a pair of plimsolls in my bag.” He was horrified, of course, and insisted that we stopped off en route to buy a sturdy pair of walking boots. They were navy blue, blissfully comfortable and perfect for striding up Catbells. I still wear them to this day.
But back to my Christmas ideas. This is what I came up with. For my coffee-addict husband, a stainless steel mug he can fill with his favourite espresso. He can stick it in the car on long journeys and it will stay piping hot.
For my 21-year-old daughter, who’s studying in Paris this year, this brilliant red sleeping bag. As well as taking it to festivals next summer, it’s just the thing for friends arriving to stay for the weekend (me for one!)
For my 18-year-old son, this brilliant cash capsule. It’s a keyring with a capsule large enough to hold a £10 note – so perfect for emergencies.
And I know I shouldn’t, but I can’t resist this stylish Dad’s Army enamel mug for myself. During the frantic lead-up to Christmas, the message emblazoned across it is very apt. DON’T PANIC!
A glorious Lake District hotel is just about the last place I’d expect to start offering facials, massages and manicures to the over 12s.
I’ve been to Armathwaite Hall lots of times. A magnificent castellated manor house with lawns bordering the shores of Lake Bassenthwaite, it has views as far as the fells and the dramatic peak of Skiddaw beyond. My in-laws held their golden wedding anniversary party there and the hotel did them proud.
But I’d have thought Armathwaite Hall would have had more sense than to launch a teen spa. The hotel is offering everything from 30-minute make-up lessons for 12 to 14 year-olds (at £28 each) to a £150 “just be together” package for a parent and their teenager. The name is as cringeworthy as the idea.
Maybe I’m old-fashioned but there’s just one thing the over 12s should be doing in the Lake District – and that’s enjoying the great outdoors.
A hearty walk up Catbells (above) and along Maiden Moor is one of the best days out in the world – whatever your age. The fresh air is far better for your skin than a facial, while striding up the fells will do more for your well-being (not to mention your thighs) than a massage ever can…
The British papers are reporting that Hollywood superstars Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt have booked a holiday in the Lake District with their seven children.
Apparently they plan to take Maddox, 11, Pax, eight, Zahara, seven, Shiloh, six, and four-year-old twins Vivienne and Knox to a converted boathouse on the shores of Lake Windermere while Angelina shoots her new movie.
For a family used to jet-setting between glamorous homes in LA, Malibu, New Orleans and the south of France, the rugged, windswept Lakes might seem like an odd choice. But I reckon it’s inspired.
Why? Because there’s so much for children to do. Over the years my two have built rope swings across a stream in the Newlands Valley, cooked supper on camp fires, climbed Causey Pike and mountain biked in Whinlatter Forest. My son managed Catbells when he was five, a feat he was so proud of that he pleaded to climb Maiden Moor the very next day.
It admittedly rains a lot in the Lake District, but there are still loads of places to visit. There’s the Pencil Museum at Keswick, the Windermere Steamboat Museum (where you can see Beatrix Potter’s rowing boat and Captain Flint’s houseboat from the TV adaptation of Swallows and Amazons) and The World of Peter Rabbit, a museum at Ambleside that brings Beatrix Potter’s 23 tales stunningly to life – complete with sights, sounds and even smells.
Best of all, young (and old) fans of Beatrix Potter’s books can visit the real-life places that inspired her. If you gaze out across Derwentwater from the top of Catbells it’s hard not to be reminded of The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin, which is set there. And if you walk round the Newlands Valley there’s always the thought that Mrs Tiggy-Winkle might magically appear with her washing basket. Beatrix Potter was walking there when she met Lucie Carr, the local vicar’s daughter, and she later wrote The Tale of Mrs Tiggy-Winkle for the little girl.
So I hope the young Jolie-Pitts enjoy their Lake District adventure. Even if it rains (and it does rain a lot), they’ll have the time of their lives.
The first was a stunning compilation of tracks my son thought I’d like (including several by Lulu and the Lampshades – how could you not love a band with a name like that?)
The second was a DVD of Adele live in concert at the Royal Albert Hall. My father gave it to me and it played in a loop for four days on the trot. Luckily we were in the wilds of the Lake District so there weren’t any neighbours to complain, just a few hundred sheep along the valley.
As always, Adele’s performance was sensational. This year’s biggest selling artist, she’s currently recovering from throat surgery and like all her fans I’m crossing my fingers that she gets better as soon as possible.
In between numbers like Set Fire to the Rain (my favourite) and the haunting Someone Like You she sipped warm honey and chatted to the audience about love, heartache and her “ex.”
But the most moving part came when she waved to her best friend Laura in the audience and explained that My Same, a song from her debut album, was dedicated to her pal. As Laura wiped tears from her eyes, Adele recalled how they’d made up after a falling-out. “I called Laura pretty much in tears,” she said, “telling her that I wanted her to be back in my life and that I needed her.”
The 100-minute concert (recorded back in September) was a triumph from start to finish - from Adele’s soulful voice and heartrending lyrics to her inimitable cackle and good-natured banter with her band. I loved it so much I'm going to play it again right now.
PS. Can someone tell me why the jokes in Christmas crackers are so dire? This year’s batch were worse than ever. The only one to raise a faint smile in our house was “what is an underground train full of professors called?” Answer. “A tube of Smarties.” Boom boom!
Cover Email For Resumes Template Email Resume Template How To Email A Resume was upload at November 8, 2018 at 11:19 am by admin, and This Cover Email For Resumes Template Email Resume Template How To Email A Resume Wallpaper has viewed by users. If you wanna have it as yours, please click full size and you will go to page download in full size, so you just choose the size above the wallpaper that you want in "Download", Click it and download the Cover Email For Resumes Template Email Resume Template How To Email A Resume Wallpaper.
There are 3 departments in Student Services: the Student Support Centre, Student Wellbeing Centre and the English Language Centre. Visit the Student Services website for information about the 3 services.
If you have just joined us as a student at the University of Lincoln, you may find these videos from The Student Support Centre helpful . The videos show you how to walk to places you will need to visit, including the Police Station, Post Office and main High Street (shopping area). Just click here to watch them: Student Support Videos
iGlobal@Lincoln is a central hub that includes links to all support services for international students throughout the University. There is also an ‘Events’ tab on the iGlobal@Lincoln website, which will direct you to events organised by the University of Lincoln Students’ Union (ULSU) and Careers & Employability service.
The Advice Service, based in the Student Support Centre, are here to help you with all your Visa application questions. If you’d like to make an appointment, email: internationaladvice@lincoln.ac.uk
Your Academic Subject Librarian can help you get the most from the resources in the University Library. They can also advise you on citing and referencing. You can make an appointment to see them, or attend a drop-in. The library also runs Learning Development workshops and ‘MASH’ workshops (for help with maths and statistics). For more information, visit the University of Lincoln Library website.
As an international student at the University of Lincoln you can get FREE careers advice from Judy Turner at the University of Lincoln Careers & Employability service. Judy is dedicated to helping international students with their careers. To find out more, just click the link here: International Careers Advice. You can also contact Judy directly by email: juturner@lincoln.ac.uk.
Please Note: Our inventory is stored in multiple warehouses. If you plan on picking up your order, please call us to ensure we have your product available on the day you plan on picking up.
This product has universal fitment. Please check description and specifications to ensure that this product will work with your vehicle.
We'll find it for you. Give us a call at 855.444.6872 and we'll source that discontinued or hard to find part.
No Brokerage or Duties - Canadian Owned & Operated - Shipped from Canada to your Door - Easy to Navigate Website - Access to New, Used & Discontinued Parts - Full Time Staff to Answer your Questions.
Muscle Cars & Classics always recommends professional installation of our products. Buyer assumes risk of damage caused by improper installation.
Our goal is to provide you, the Canadian customer with reasonable priced Muscle Car parts & accessories. We have formed relationships with many suppliers to ensure that you receive the highest quality products at the most competitive price in Canada. This is your opportunity to order the parts & accessories you desire without having to worry about the shipping & brokerage fees that occur when ordering from the United States. We take care of all that for you, and are still able to provide you with the most reasonably priced products in Canada.
The pennants have a size of 65 × 25 cm and have a rounded tip. The colour is blue for the navy (Marine). The rank is indicated by the number of four-pointed golden stars, flotilla admirals having one stars.
Green / eco / environmentally friendly / money-wise tips and features from a broke graduate student living in Kitsilano, a neighbourhood in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
A quick and simple lily pad motif - make a rug, placemat, cushion (make 2, sew together and stuff), coaster, whatever you can imagine! In fact, you could even use this pattern as a basis for a pie chart or for a play pizza crust...! Add an eye, and it would look a little like PacMan, too.
The lily pad pictured measures about 20 cm (8") in diameter. I used a 6.0mm hook (J) and worsted weight acrylic from my stash (not quite a full skein, maybe 75 grams?).
Ch 3 and dc in same stitch. Make 2 dc's in top of each of the next dc's of the previous round, except for the very last stitch - pause here! (22 dc).
Ch 3 and turn; dc in same st. Make 1 dc in next stitch. (Next stitch 2 dc, following stitch 1 dc)*. *repeat until you reach the end of the previous round.
Ch 3 and turn; dc in same st. Make 1 dc in each of the next two st. (Next st 2 dc, 1 dc in each of next 2 st)*. * repeat until you reach the end of the the previous round.
Ch 3 and turn; dc in same st. Make 1 dc in each of the next three st. (Next st 2 dc, 1 dc in each of next 3 st)*. *repeat until you reach the end of the previous round.
Ch 3 and turn; dc in same st. Make 1 dc in each of the next four st. (Next st 2 dc, 1 dc in each of next 4 st)*. *repeat until you reach the end of the previous round.
By now you can probably guess the pattern! 2 dc's, then dc in each of the next (5-10) st. Continue to increase the dc's between the twinned dc's by one each round until you've reached the desired size.
Ch 1 and turn; sc along circumference of the lily pad, and fasten off end (sew in tail with yarn needle).
That's it! Short and sweet and hopefully not too confusing! All you need now is a frog and/or lotus flower!
This is a great pattern. I could see using these for sitting mats for my Sunday School classroom. Thank you!
Quoting line 7: "By now you can probably guess the pattern! 2 dc's, then dc in each of the next (5-10) st. Continue to increase the dc's between the twinned dc's by one each round until you've reached the desired size."
One word of caution, though - you can see that the pattern will generate undesired "corners" and "straight edges" because of those "2 dc" spots.
To minimize that, just change where you do the "2 dc" to partway along a "edge". For example, if your last iteration was "2dc in same st, then 1 dc in the next 10 st", you may wish to start the next round by adding the "2dc" increase at the 6th dc along. THEN count 11 dc's (one in each st), and increase with the "2dc in the same st". Then just continue the "2dc, 1 dc in each of the next 11" pattern until you reach the end (then turn and continue with the next).
That way you've offset where the increases are and have hopefully kept the outer edge nice and round! If you don't try to offset, you'll end up with something that begins to look like an octagon...!
(Alternatively, you could just go for some SERIOUSLY thick yarn and a big, fat crochet hook! It'll be bigger that way, but so will the stitches). ;)
I am trying to make it big enough to set a baby on top of. I already made the frog hat for the newborn! These directions are a lot, but maybe when I start doing it, it will make more sense. Thanks for getting back to me so quickly!
Since 2010, Floate Design Partners has worked with Australian icon ANZ bank to produce the comprehensive online version of the ANZ Shareholder Review. Starting in 2013, we’ve been working together with the dedicated investor relations team at the bank to conceive, develop, and produce the Shareholder Reviews from start to finish—from initial strategy through narrative, art direction to print, wireframes to website deployment.
This year, we worked extraordinarily closely with the bank to ensure that a strong narrative flowed through both the print and online version of the review, and that the way the narrative was presented was right for the format.The print version looks like it was designed to be read on paper and the digital versions (mobile first, naturally) look like the document was always meant to be read online. Importantly though, the different media work together and present as a cohesive suite.
We’re working on a comprehensive case study, but in the meantime please take a look at the Online Shareholder Review, or if you prefer, download the PDF.
Are you looking to meaningfully communicate with Shareholders in the digital and traditional space? Are you ready to move your reporting online and better inform your stakeholders? If the answer is ‘yes’ then we want to help.
Now that we’ve posted our second (or third depending on how you count these things) episode, it’s time to tell you about our podcast, The Nudge. Way back when we started The Nudge events, we wanted to be able to share the ideas behind them with more than just those people who were able to attend on the nights.
And then we started thinking about a podcast where we talked about being a better designer (and making the world a better place). And the result is the Nudge Podcast. On our podcasts Josh Kinal, Jerome Lebel-Jones, and Ross Floate grapple with the issues related to being a better designer, and we ask special guests from around the world for their perspective as well. What kind of issues? Issues like inspiration, trust, being wrong, and the nature of responsibility.
As we continue to present our events, we’ll keep including the audio from the live interviews as special episodes to our podcast – you can hear Elise Peyronnet from Melbourne Music Week on Episode 0.
Future episodes of the podcast (yes, they’re already recorded and in the can) include Ned Dwyer from Tweaky.com, Chris Clarke (now of Black Pixel), Brad Ellis of Pacific Helm, Jayne Lewis of Two Birds Brewing, and Associate Professor Peter McGraw of the Humor Code. You can listen to the podcast at the website, follow via rss or you can subscribe on iTunes.
Are you interested in being a guest on The Nudge? Do you have something you’d like to hear discussed? We’re all ears. Drop us an email, or let us know in the comments.
There’s been a lot of attention to Jack Dorsey’s recent realisation that ‘users’ is a terrible term and that Square (but not Twitter it seems) should change the way it describes the people who use its products and services.
‘Users’ is a terrible term. Designers and developers employ the word ‘users’ when they’re thinking of the idiots they have to pre-empt, work around, and otherwise fix things for. ‘Users’ is a hostile label, spat out by people who don’t shave below their jawline. I’m happy to see it go.
Replacing it with ‘customers’ is a step in the right direction, and I have to applaud Dorsey for taking that step. But it still doesn’t go far enough for designers. See, ‘customer’ is still primarily a commerce-based designation. Think of people as customers (it is better than consumers) and you’re thinking of their wallet first, and everything else a distant second.
Over the years, you start to notice patterns when working with different types of organisations. You notice the similarities and differences between organisations in different markets, in varying sectors, and with different personalities.
The Australian not-for-profit sector (and in this I include charities, foundations, as well as public-sector hospitals) is a very strange beast indeed. A large number of organisations compete for both funding (private donations and government allocations) and attention in what is a very small marketplace. Additionally, a large number of organisations compete in the same general areas. Breast Cancer is a prime example of a cause that has a large number of organisations dedicated to it.
From a communications perspective, this is a challenge unlike that faced by most businesses. Businesses generally have a product or service to sell, and that product or service can be in some way market tested. People can work out which vendor is the best through purchase, or trial and error. They can talk to other buyers with good or bad experiences. They can find out about results. I’m not saying that communications in the corporate sector is an easy game — it isn’t — but at least marketers and communicators have something concrete to work with. The same cannot be said for much of the not-for-profit sector.
That means if you want to succeed –– I mean really succeed — in the not for profit sector, your communications need to be exceptional. In Australia, charities need to establish as quickly as possible why they are the best and only choice for money and attention in that particular sector. Charities need to focus a large part of their messaging to establishing both their raison d’etre and their (obvious) primacy in their niche.
The short way of putting this is simple: if you’re asking for money, you have to establish exactly why you’re worth it, and why you’re patently the best. If you don’t, someone more aggressive is going to do it. And there’s not enough money or attention to go around.
Floate Design Partners is a design business dedicated to delivering innovative solutions with lasting results to our clients. In the heart of Melbourne, we work with a wide range of media and industries making a real difference in everything from strategy to creative execution.
You can also contact us by completing the form below, when we receive your query we will aim to get back to you in 24 hours.
Property 3 detached properties, Shrewsbury Requirements Waterwall systems across the three properties including reinforced concrete foundations and reinforced walls between properties. Reason for Requirement During heavy downpours further up in the Welsh mountains, the river Severn rises well over 25ft resulting in the three detached properties above being flooded on three separate occasions. Specifications 11 [...]
The information entered anywhere on this website will only be used by FasTracKids to respond to inquiries regarding the nature and extent of FasTracKids’ services, FasTracKids locations and to correspond (by means of electronic transmission or otherwise) with parties who have made an inquiry regarding FasTracKids. To assist, FasTracKids may share certain information with third party service providers, given that such service providers have entered into a confidentiality agreement thereby agreeing to be bound by FasTracKids’ privacy policy. Other than as set forth above, neither FasTracKids nor its third party service providers will commercially sell, distribute, convey, or otherwise disclose for any purpose whatsoever any information entered in this website.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by FasTracKids for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the website.
FasTracKids may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
FasTracKids secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. FasTracKids secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
FasTracKids is not responsible for the content of any third party linked site that is not owned by FasTracKids, or of any other links contained in such third party sites. FasTracKids provides links to you for your convenience only, and the inclusion of any link to a site not owned by FasTracKids is not an endorsement by FasTracKids of the site or its contents. FasTracKids assumes no responsibility for any other party’s site hyperlinked to the FasTracKids web site or in which any part of the FasTracKids web site has been hyperlinked.
No permission is granted here for you to use FasTracKids’ icons, site address, or other means to hyperlink other Internet sites with any page in the FasTracKids web site. You must obtain prior written permission to hyperlink in any manner to the FasTracKids web site.
The FasTracKids website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize FasTracKids websites, or register with FasTracKids site or services, a cookie helps FasTracKids to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same FasTracKids website , the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the FasTracKids features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the FasTracKids services or websites you visit.
FasTracKids does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
The contents of the FasTracKids web site pages, including, but not limited to text, graphics, and icons, are copyrighted materials owned or controlled by FasTracKids No permission is granted to you to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, upload, download, store, display in public, alter, or modify these materials.
FasTracKids will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. FasTracKids encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how FasTracKids is protecting your information.
R1 is designated as the PIM RP within the SP core. Which two configuration parameters must be used to enable and activate R1 as the BSR and RP for the core environment? (Choose two.)
Which multicast implementation is preferred for traffic that is required by a small number of receivers across a large distributed network?
Which command set implements BGP support for NSF/SSO on Cisco IOS XE between a PE and a route reflector?
A CRS router that runs Cisco IOS XR has dual routing processors installed. Which solution should be implemented to prevent OSPF adjacency flapping if the primary routing processor fails?
In Cisco IOS-XR, the maximum-prefix command, to control the number of prefixes that can be installed from a BGP neighbor, is configured under which configuration mode?
Which command set is used to implement an IPv6 PIM with the global scope embedded RP address of 2001:DB8::1 on a Cisco IOS XE router?
Categories Select Category 010-150 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) 010-151 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 100-105 Latest Exam (May 2018) (22) 101-400 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (12) 102-400 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (6) 117-201 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (8) 117-202 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (13) 1V0-601 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 1V0-601 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 1V0-602 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 1V0-604 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 1V0-605 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 1V0-605 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 1V0-621 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (18) 1V0-621 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) 1z0-027 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (20) 1z0-028 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (20) 1z0-034 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (44) 1z0-047 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (72) 1z0-050 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (52) 1z0-051 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (79) 1z0-052 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (56) 1z0-053 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (196) 1z0-054 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (65) 1z0-055 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (49) 1z0-058 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (45) 1z0-060 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (50) 1z0-061 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (25) 1z0-062 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (85) 1z0-063 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (48) 1z0-064 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (20) 1z0-067 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (48) 1z0-068 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (24) 1z0-071 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (20) 1z0-100 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (28) 1z0-102 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (28) 1z0-105 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (24) 1z0-133 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (20) 1z0-140 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (28) 1z0-141 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (18) 1z0-144 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (14) 1z0-146 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (18) 1z0-151 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (12) 1z0-160 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-202 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (9) 1z0-215 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (23) 1z0-216 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (22) 1z0-218 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 1z0-226 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (15) 1z0-228 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-238 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (15) 1z0-241 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (13) 1z0-242 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 1z0-321 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-322 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-327 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-329 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-331 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-333 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-335 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (11) 1z0-336 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-337 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-338 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-342 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 1z0-347 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-400 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-404 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-409 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (16) 1z0-412 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-413 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-414 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-415 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-416 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 1z0-417 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-418 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (9) 1z0-419 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 1z0-429 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-430 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-432 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 1z0-475 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) 1z0-478 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) 1z0-479 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) 1z0-500 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 1z0-511 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 1z0-514 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-514 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 1z0-515 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-516 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (53) 1z0-520 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (17) 1z0-522 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-523 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-525 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-526 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-527 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (10) 1z0-528 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-548 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-550 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-554 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 1z0-560 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-562 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-565 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-567 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 1z0-569 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (8) 1z0-573 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-574 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (11) 1z0-580 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-581 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-583 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (8) 1z0-588 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-591 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (8) 1z0-593 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 1z0-597 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 1z0-599 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 1z0-803 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (15) 1z0-804 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (10) 1Z0-805 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 1z0-807 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 1z0-808 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (16) 1z0-809 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (9) 1z0-820 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (9) 1z0-821 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (16) 1z0-822 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (9) 1z0-850 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (16) 1z0-851 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (20) 1z0-852 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 1z0-853 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (25) 1z0-854 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (9) 1z0-876 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (11) 1z0-877 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (21) 1z0-878 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (24) 1z0-879 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (44) 1z0-880 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (22) 1z0-881 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (19) 1z0-882 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 1z0-883 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 200-001 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 200-125 Latest Exam (May 2018) (46) 200-150 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 200-155 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 200-310 Latest Exam (May 2018) (8) 200-355 Latest Exam (May 2018) (26) 200-401 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 200-601 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 202-400 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (18) 210-060 Latest Exam (May 2018) (11) 210-065 Latest Dumps (April 2017) (15) 210-255 Latest Exam (July 2018) (4) 210-260 Latest Exam (July 2018) (22) 210-451 Latest Exam (July 2018) (4) 210-455 Latest Exam (July 2018) (8) 212-77 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 220-901 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (14) 220-901 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 220-901 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (14) 220-902 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (20) 220-902 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (20) 220-902 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (20) 2V0-620 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (45) 2V0-620 Latest Exam (May 2018) (15) 2V0-621 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (48) 2V0-621 Latest Exam (May 2018) (16) 2V0-621D Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (48) 2V0-621D Latest Exam (May 2018) (16) 2V0-622 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (36) 2V0-622 Latest Exam (May 2018) (12) 2V0-622D Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 2V0-622D Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 2V0-622PSE Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 2V0-622PSE Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 2V0-631 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 2V0-631 Latest Exam (May 2018) (7) 2V0-641 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 2V0-641 Latest Exam (May 2018) (7) 2V0-642 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (18) 2V0-642 Latest Exam (May 2018) (9) 2V0-651 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (7) 2V0-651 Latest Exam (May 2018) (7) 2V0-731 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (7) 2V0-731 Latest Exam (May 2018) (14) 2V0-751 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 2V0-751 Latest Exam (May 2018) (12) 300-070 Latest Exam (July 2018) (7) 300-075 Latest Exam (July 2018) (18) 300-101 Latest Exam (July 2018) (27) 300-115 Latest Exam (July 2018) (20) 300-135 Latest Exam (July 2018) (7) 300-160 Latest Exam (July 2018) (23) 300-165 Latest Exam (July 2018) (7) 300-180 Latest Exam (July 2018) (18) 300-206 Latest Exam (July 2018) (16) 300-207 Latest Exam (July 2018) (16) 300-208 Latest Exam (July 2018) (18) 300-209 Latest Exam (July 2018) (23) 300-210 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (5) 300-320 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (25) 300-360 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 300-365 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 300-465 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 300-470 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 300-475 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 303-200 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 304-150 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (14) 304-150 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (13) 304-200 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (16) 304-200 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (8) 350-018 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (37) 352-001 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (26) 3V0-622 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (1) 400-051 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (44) 400-101 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (35) 400-151 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (28) 400-151 Latest Exam (May 2018) (28) 400-201 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (20) 400-201 Latest Exam (May 2018) (20) 400-251 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (31) 400-251 Latest Exam (May 2018) (31) 400-351 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (18) 400-351 Latest Exam (May 2018) (19) 500-006 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (5) 500-006 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) 500-007 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 500-007 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 500-051 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 500-051 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) 500-052 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (2) 500-052 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 500-170 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 500-170 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 500-201 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 500-202 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 500-254 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 500-258 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 500-260 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 500-265 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 500-275 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 500-280 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 500-801 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (2) 600-199 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 600-210 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (5) 600-211 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 600-212 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 600-455 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 600-460 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 600-460 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 600-501 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 600-501 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 600-502 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 600-502 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 600-503 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 600-503 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 600-504 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 600-504 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 640-692 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 640-692 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 640-875 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (10) 640-875 Latest Exam (May 2018) (10) 640-878 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (8) 640-878 Latest Exam (May 2018) (8) 640-911 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (15) 640-911 Latest Exam (May 2018) (15) 640-916 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (12) 640-916 Latest Exam (May 2018) (12) 642-035 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (11) 642-035 Latest Exam (May 2018) (11) 642-732 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (12) 642-732 Latest Exam (May 2018) (12) 642-737 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (14) 642-742 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (12) 642-747 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (11) 642-883 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (9) 642-885 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (8) 642-887 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (9) 642-996 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (13) 642-997 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (7) 642-999 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (13) 644-066 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 644-068 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 644-906 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (6) 646-048 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (2) 646-365 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (5) 646-580 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 646-671 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 648-375 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 648-385 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 650-032 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (2) 650-032 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 650-042 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 650-042 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (10) 650-059 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 650-059 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 650-082 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 650-082 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 650-127 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 650-127 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 650-128 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (1) 650-148 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (1) 650-159 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (1) 650-281 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (1) 650-281 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (1) 650-393 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 650-393 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 650-472 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 650-472 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) 650-474 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (2) 650-474 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 650-575 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 650-575 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 650-575 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 650-621 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (12) 650-621 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 650-621 Latest Exam (May 2018) (12) 650-663 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (1) 650-663 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (1) 650-663 Latest Exam (May 2018) (1) 650-665 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (2) 650-665 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 650-665 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 650-667 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 650-667 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 650-667 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 650-669 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (2) 650-669 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 650-669 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 650-752 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (2) 650-752 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 650-752 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 650-754 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 650-754 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 650-754 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 650-756 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 650-756 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (8) 650-756 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 650-968 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 650-968 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 650-968 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 70-243 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (14) 70-243 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (7) 70-243 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (7) 70-243 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (7) 70-243 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (7) 70-246 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (24) 70-246 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 70-246 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (12) 70-246 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) 70-246 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (12) 70-247 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (28) 70-247 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 70-247 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (14) 70-247 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (14) 70-247 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (14) 70-247 Real Tests (May 2017) (15) 70-331 Latest Dumps (April 2017) (14) 70-331 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (30) 70-331 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (15) 70-331 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (15) 70-331 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (15) 70-332 Latest Dumps (April 2017) (13) 70-332 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (24) 70-332 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 70-332 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (12) 70-332 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (12) 70-333 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 70-333 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 70-333 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) 70-333 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (3) 70-334 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (10) 70-334 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) 70-334 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) 70-334 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (5) 70-339 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (8) 70-339 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 70-339 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (4) 70-339 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (4) 70-341 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (34) 70-341 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (17) 70-341 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (14) 70-341 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (14) 70-342 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (28) 70-342 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 70-342 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (12) 70-342 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (12) 70-345 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (10) 70-345 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) 70-345 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) 70-345 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) 70-345 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (5) 70-346 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (34) 70-346 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (17) 70-346 Latest Exam (May 2018) (17) 70-346 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (15) 70-346 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (15) 70-347 Latest Dumps (April 2017) (15) 70-347 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (24) 70-347 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 70-347 Latest Exam (May 2018) (11) 70-347 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (12) 70-347 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (12) 70-348 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 70-348 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 70-348 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 70-348 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) 70-348 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (3) 70-354 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (4) 70-354 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (8) 70-354 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 70-354 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 70-354 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (4) 70-354 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (4) 70-383 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (25) 70-383 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (50) 70-383 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (25) 70-383 Latest Exam (May 2018) (21) 70-383 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (25) 70-384 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (15) 70-384 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (30) 70-384 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (15) 70-384 Latest Exam (May 2018) (15) 70-384 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (15) 70-385 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (56) 70-385 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (28) 70-385 Latest Exam (May 2018) (28) 70-385 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (28) 70-398 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 70-398 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 70-398 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 70-398 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (2) 70-410 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (58) 70-410 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (29) 70-410 Latest Exam (May 2018) (29) 70-410 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (29) 70-411 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (38) 70-411 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (38) 70-411 Latest Exam (May 2018) (19) 70-411 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (17) 70-412 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (50) 70-412 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (50) 70-412 Latest Exam (May 2018) (25) 70-412 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (25) 70-413 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (28) 70-413 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (28) 70-413 Latest Exam (May 2018) (14) 70-413 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (14) 70-414 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (32) 70-414 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (32) 70-414 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (16) 70-461 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (26) 70-461 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (26) 70-461 Latest Exam (May 2018) (13) 70-461 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (12) 70-462 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (34) 70-462 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (34) 70-462 Latest Exam (May 2018) (17) 70-462 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (17) 70-463 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (32) 70-463 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (32) 70-463 Latest Exam (May 2018) (16) 70-463 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (16) 70-464 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (26) 70-464 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (26) 70-464 Latest Exam (May 2018) (25) 70-464 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (13) 70-465 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 70-465 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 70-465 Latest Exam (May 2018) (14) 70-465 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (7) 70-466 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (11) 70-466 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (22) 70-466 Latest Exam (May 2018) (22) 70-466 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (11) 70-467 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (12) 70-467 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (26) 70-467 Latest Exam (May 2018) (26) 70-467 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (13) 70-469 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (19) 70-469 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (38) 70-469 Latest Exam (May 2018) (35) 70-469 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (19) 70-470 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (22) 70-470 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (44) 70-470 Latest Exam (May 2018) (44) 70-470 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (22) 70-473 Latest Exam (Aug 2017) (3) 70-473 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 70-473 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 70-473 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) 70-473 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (3) 70-480 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (18) 70-480 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (36) 70-480 Latest Exam (May 2018) (36) 70-480 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (15) 70-481 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (8) 70-481 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (16) 70-481 Latest Exam (May 2018) (15) 70-481 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (8) 70-482 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (12) 70-482 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (24) 70-482 Latest Exam (May 2018) (11) 70-482 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (12) 70-483 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (19) 70-483 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (38) 70-483 Latest Exam (May 2018) (15) 70-483 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (17) 70-484 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (8) 70-484 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (16) 70-484 Latest Exam (May 2018) (8) 70-484 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (8) 70-485 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (11) 70-485 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (22) 70-485 Latest Exam (May 2018) (11) 70-485 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (11) 70-486 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (14) 70-486 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (28) 70-486 Latest Exam (May 2018) (14) 70-486 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (9) 70-487 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 70-487 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 70-487 Latest Exam (May 2018) (7) 70-487 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (7) 70-488 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (9) 70-488 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (18) 70-488 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (9) 70-489 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 70-489 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 70-489 Latest Exam (May 2018) (7) 70-489 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (7) 70-490 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 70-490 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 70-490 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) 70-490 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) 70-491 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 70-491 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (11) 70-491 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) 70-492 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (8) 70-492 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (16) 70-492 Latest Exam (May 2018) (8) 70-492 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (8) 70-494 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (16) 70-494 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (16) 70-494 Latest Exam (May 2018) (15) 70-494 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (16) 70-496 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 70-496 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 70-496 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) 70-496 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) 70-497 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 70-497 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (7) 70-497 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (7) 70-498 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 70-498 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (7) 70-498 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) 70-498 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (7) 70-499 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (20) 70-499 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (19) 70-499 Latest Exam (May 2018) (20) 70-499 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (20) 70-517 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (14) 70-517 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 70-517 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (14) 70-532 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (23) 70-532 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (23) 70-532 Latest Exam (May 2018) (23) 70-532 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (9) 70-533 Latest Dumps (April 2017) (14) 70-533 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (18) 70-533 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (19) 70-533 Latest Exam (May 2018) (19) 70-533 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (14) 70-534 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) 70-534 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 70-534 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) 70-534 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) 70-640 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (40) 70-640 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (39) 70-640 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (40) 70-642 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (30) 70-642 Latest Exam (May 2018) (30) 70-642 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (30) 70-646 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (16) 70-646 Latest Exam (May 2018) (16) 70-646 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (16) 70-673 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 70-673 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) 70-673 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) 70-680 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (40) 70-680 Latest Exam (May 2018) (40) 70-680 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (40) 70-681 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) 70-681 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) 70-681 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (5) 70-682 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 70-682 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 70-682 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (3) 70-684 Latest Exam (July 2018) (6) 70-684 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 70-684 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) 70-685 Latest Exam (July 2018) (7) 70-685 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (13) 70-685 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (13) 70-686 Latest Exam (July 2018) (12) 70-686 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 70-686 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) 70-687 Latest Exam (July 2018) (15) 70-687 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (18) 70-687 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (18) 70-688 Latest Exam (July 2018) (16) 70-688 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (16) 70-688 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (16) 70-689 Latest Exam (July 2018) (8) 70-689 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (9) 70-689 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (9) 70-692 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (4) 70-692 Latest Exam (July 2018) (4) 70-692 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 70-692 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (4) 70-695 Latest Dumps (July 2017) (6) 70-695 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (6) 70-695 Latest Exam (July 2018) (6) 70-695 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 70-695 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) 70-696 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (5) 70-696 Latest Exam (July 2018) (4) 70-696 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) 70-696 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (5) 70-697 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (5) 70-697 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (9) 70-697 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (9) 70-697 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (9) 70-697 Real Tests (May 2017) (10) 70-698 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (8) 70-698 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (8) 70-698 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (8) 70-698 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (8) 70-698 Real Tests (May 2017) (7) 70-713 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (3) 70-713 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 70-713 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (3) 70-734 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 70-734 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (3) 70-734 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 70-734 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (3) 70-740 Latest Dumps (April 2017) (7) 70-740 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (9) 70-740 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (7) 70-740 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (9) 70-740 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (7) 70-741 Latest Exam (Aug 2017) (3) 70-741 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (9) 70-741 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (3) 70-741 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (9) 70-741 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (3) 70-742 Latest Dumps (April 2017) (3) 70-742 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (11) 70-742 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (3) 70-742 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (11) 70-742 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (11) 70-742 Latest Exam (May 2018) (11) 70-742 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (3) 70-743 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (7) 70-743 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (7) 70-743 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 70-743 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (7) 70-743 Latest Exam (May 2018) (7) 70-743 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (7) 70-743 Real Tests (May 2017) (4) 70-744 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 70-744 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (3) 70-744 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 70-744 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 70-744 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (3) 70-744 Real Tests (May 2017) (3) 70-761 Actual Tests (June 2017) (4) 70-761 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 70-761 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (4) 70-761 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 70-761 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 70-761 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (4) 70-762 Latest Exam (Aug 2017) (5) 70-762 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (5) 70-762 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (5) 70-762 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 70-762 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) 70-762 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (5) 70-764 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (2) 70-764 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (3) 70-764 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 70-764 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (3) 70-765 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (2) 70-765 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (2) 70-765 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 70-765 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (2) 70-767 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (3) 70-767 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (15) 70-767 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 70-767 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (15) 70-767 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (15) 70-768 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (2) 70-768 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (2) 70-768 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 70-768 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (2) 70-768 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (2) 70-980 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (32) 70-980 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (35) 70-980 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (32) 70-980 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (32) 70-981 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (21) 70-981 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (25) 70-981 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (25) 70-981 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (25) 70-981 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (25) 70-982 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (12) 70-982 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (12) 70-982 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 70-982 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) 70-982 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (12) 700-001 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 700-001 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 700-001 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 700-037 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 700-037 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 700-037 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 700-037 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) 700-038 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 700-038 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 700-038 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 700-038 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) 700-039 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (4) 700-039 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (8) 700-039 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 700-039 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (4) 700-101 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 700-101 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 700-101 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 700-101 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) 700-104 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (2) 700-104 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 700-104 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 700-104 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) 700-201 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 700-201 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 700-201 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) 700-205 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 700-205 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 700-205 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) 700-260 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 700-260 Latest Exam (May 2018) (7) 700-260 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) 700-270 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (8) 700-270 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 700-270 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) 700-280 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 700-280 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 700-280 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (4) 700-281 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 700-281 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 700-295 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 700-295 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 700-501 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 700-501 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 700-501 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) 700-505 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (3) 700-505 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 700-505 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 700-505 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) 700-601 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (2) 700-601 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 700-601 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 700-601 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) 700-602 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) 700-602 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) 700-602 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) 700-603 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) 700-603 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) 700-603 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) 700-701 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 700-701 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 700-701 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) 700-702 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 700-702 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 700-702 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (4) 700-703 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (3) 700-703 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) 700-801 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 700-801 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 700-801 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) 700-802 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (2) 700-802 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 700-802 Latest Exam (May 2018) (2) 700-802 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (4) 700-803 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (2) 700-803 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 700-803 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) 74-343 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (5) 74-343 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (7) 74-343 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (7) 74-343 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (7) 74-343 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (7) 74-344 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (6) 74-344 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (6) 74-344 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) 74-344 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) 74-409 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (6) 74-409 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (6) 74-409 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 74-409 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) 74-409 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) 74-678 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (7) 74-678 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (7) 74-678 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 74-678 Latest Exam (May 2018) (7) 74-678 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (7) 74-697 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (6) 74-697 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (6) 74-697 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 74-697 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) 77-420 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (2) 77-420 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (2) 77-420 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 77-420 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (2) 77-427 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 77-427 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (4) 77-427 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (8) 77-427 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (4) 77-601 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (10) 77-601 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (10) 77-601 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (20) 77-601 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (10) 77-601 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (10) 77-602 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 77-602 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (4) 77-602 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (8) 77-602 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (4) 77-602 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (4) 77-605 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (8) 77-605 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (12) 77-605 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (16) 77-605 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (8) 77-605 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (8) 77-881 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (11) 77-881 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) 77-881 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (7) 77-881 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (7) 77-882 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (1) 77-882 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 77-882 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 77-882 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (1) 77-882 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (1) 77-884 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (6) 77-884 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (10) 77-884 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 77-884 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) 77-884 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) 77-886 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (1) 77-886 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) 77-886 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (2) 77-886 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (1) 77-886 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (1) 77-888 Latest Exam (Aug 2018) (4) 77-888 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 77-888 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (8) 77-888 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (4) 820-424 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (12) 820-424 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 820-424 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (12) 840-425 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (8) 840-425 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (8) 840-425 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (8) 98-349 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (16) 98-349 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (28) 98-349 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (14) 98-361 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (23) 98-361 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (38) 98-361 Latest Exam (May 2018) (19) 98-361 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (19) 98-362 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) 98-362 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (8) 98-362 Latest Exam (May 2018) (4) 98-362 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (4) 98-363 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (17) 98-363 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (28) 98-363 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (14) 98-364 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (64) 98-364 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (16) 98-364 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (22) 98-365 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (80) 98-365 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (20) 98-365 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (10) 98-365 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (24) 98-366 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (96) 98-366 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (24) 98-366 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) 98-366 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (26) 98-367 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (64) 98-367 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (16) 98-367 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (8) 98-367 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (22) 98-368 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (16) 98-368 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 98-368 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (2) 98-368 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (16) 98-369 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (16) 98-369 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) 98-369 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (2) 98-369 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (16) 98-372 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (128) 98-372 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (32) 98-372 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (16) 98-372 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (16) 98-373 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (128) 98-373 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (32) 98-373 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (16) 98-373 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (16) 98-374 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (80) 98-374 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (20) 98-374 Latest Exam (May 2018) (10) 98-374 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (10) 98-374 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (10) 98-375 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (48) 98-375 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) 98-375 Latest Exam (May 2018) (12) 98-375 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) 98-375 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) 98-379 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (111) 98-379 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (32) 98-379 Latest Exam (May 2018) (31) 98-379 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (16) 98-379 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (16) ADR-001 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (7) ADR-001 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (7) ADR-001 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (7) C8010-250 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) C8010-471 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) C8010-474 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) C8060-220 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (9) C8060-350 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (4) C9010-030 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) C9030-633 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (6) C9030-634 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (6) C9510-418 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) C9520-423 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (4) C9520-427 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) C9550-412 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (8) C9550-512 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (4) C9560-517 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) C9560-940 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) CAS-002 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (35) CAS-002 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (35) CAS-002 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (34) CD0-001 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (17) CD0-001 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (17) CD0-001 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (17) CLO-001 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (16) CLO-001 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (16) CLO-001 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (16) CLO-001 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (96) CN0-201 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (20) CN0-201 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (20) CN0-201 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (20) CN0-201 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (20) CS0-001 Latest Exam (Apr 2018) (5) CS0-001 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) CS0-001 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) CS0-001 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) CV0-001 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (27) CV0-001 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (27) CV0-001 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (27) FC0-GR1 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (5) FC0-GR1 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (5) FC0-GR1 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (5) FC0-TS1 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (9) FC0-TS1 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (9) FC0-TS1 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (9) FC0-U11 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (7) FC0-U11 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (7) FC0-U11 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (7) FC0-U21 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (17) FC0-U21 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (17) FC0-U41 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (18) FC0-U41 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (18) FC0-U51 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (23) FC0-U51 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (46) HIT-001 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (15) HIT-001 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (15) ISS-001 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (15) ISS-001 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (15) ISS-003 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (12) ISS-003 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (12) JK0-017 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (27) JK0-018 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (59) JK0-022 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (66) JK0-022 Latest Exam (May 2018) (66) JK0-023 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (69) JK0-023 Latest Exam (May 2018) (69) JN0-691 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (10) JN0-692 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (12) JN0-694 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) JN0-696 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (4) M2010-720 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) M2020-620 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (1) M2020-622 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) M2020-624 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) M2040-669 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) M2040-671 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (4) M2070-740 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) M2090-744 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (1) M2090-745 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) M2150-728 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (1) M2150-753 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (1) M2150-756 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (1) M2150-810 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (1) M2170-659 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) M2170-741 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) M6040-419 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) M8010-241 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) M8010-663 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) M8010-713 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) M8060-653 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) M8060-655 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) M8060-729 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) M8060-730 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) M9060-616 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) M9060-719 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (2) M9510-648 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (6) M9510-664 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (3) M9510-726 Latest Exam (Nov 2017) (6) M9510-747 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (3) M9520-233 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (5) M9560-231 Latest Exam (Jan 2017) (1) MB2-700 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (42) MB2-700 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-700 Latest Exam (May 2018) (12) MB2-700 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) MB2-700 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-701 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (42) MB2-701 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-701 Latest Exam (May 2018) (12) MB2-701 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) MB2-701 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-702 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (42) MB2-702 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-702 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB2-702 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) MB2-702 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-703 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (36) MB2-703 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-703 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB2-703 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) MB2-703 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-704 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (36) MB2-704 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-704 Latest Exam (May 2018) (12) MB2-704 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) MB2-704 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-707 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (36) MB2-707 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-707 Latest Exam (May 2018) (12) MB2-707 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) MB2-707 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-710 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (18) MB2-710 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) MB2-710 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) MB2-710 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (9) MB2-710 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (3) MB2-711 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (36) MB2-711 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-711 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB2-711 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) MB2-711 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-712 Latest Dumps (July 2017) (6) MB2-712 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (36) MB2-712 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-712 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB2-712 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (11) MB2-712 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-713 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (36) MB2-713 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-713 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB2-713 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) MB2-713 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-714 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (36) MB2-714 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-714 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB2-714 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) MB2-714 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-715 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (36) MB2-715 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-715 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB2-715 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) MB2-715 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-716 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (36) MB2-716 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-716 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) MB2-716 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) MB2-716 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-717 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (30) MB2-717 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-717 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB2-717 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (12) MB2-717 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB2-718 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (30) MB2-718 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB2-718 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB2-718 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) MB2-718 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB5-705 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (25) MB5-705 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (15) MB5-705 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) MB5-705 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (5) MB5-705 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (5) MB6-700 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (25) MB6-700 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (15) MB6-700 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) MB6-700 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (5) MB6-700 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (5) MB6-701 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (30) MB6-701 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (18) MB6-701 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB6-701 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) MB6-701 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB6-702 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (30) MB6-702 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (18) MB6-702 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB6-702 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) MB6-702 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB6-703 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (30) MB6-703 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (18) MB6-703 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB6-703 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) MB6-703 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB6-704 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (30) MB6-704 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (18) MB6-704 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) MB6-704 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) MB6-704 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB6-705 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (15) MB6-705 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (9) MB6-705 Latest Exam (May 2018) (3) MB6-705 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (3) MB6-705 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (3) MB6-884 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (25) MB6-884 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (10) MB6-884 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) MB6-884 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (5) MB6-884 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (5) MB6-885 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (25) MB6-885 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (10) MB6-885 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) MB6-885 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (5) MB6-885 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (5) MB6-886 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (30) MB6-886 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB6-886 Latest Exam (May 2018) (12) MB6-886 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) MB6-886 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB6-889 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (25) MB6-889 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (10) MB6-889 Latest Exam (May 2018) (10) MB6-889 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (5) MB6-889 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (5) MB6-890 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (30) MB6-890 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) MB6-890 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (6) MB6-890 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (6) MB6-892 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (15) MB6-892 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (6) MB6-892 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (3) MB6-892 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (3) MB6-893 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (20) MB6-893 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (10) MB6-893 Latest Exam (May 2018) (5) MB6-893 Latest Exam (Oct 2017) (5) MB6-893 Latest Exam (Sep 2017) (5) N10-006 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (27) N10-006 Latest Exam (May 2018) (27) PK0-003 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (21) PK0-003 Latest Exam (May 2018) (21) PK0-004 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (6) PK0-004 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) RC0-903 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (18) RC0-903 Latest Exam (May 2018) (18) RC0-C02 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (22) RC0-C02 Latest Exam (May 2018) (22) RC0-N06 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (27) RC0-N06 Latest Exam (May 2018) (27) RF0-001 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (15) RF0-001 Latest Exam (May 2018) (15) SG0-001 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (17) SG0-001 Latest Exam (May 2018) (17) SK0-004 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (15) SK0-004 Latest Exam (May 2018) (15) SY0-401 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (105) SY0-401 Latest Exam (May 2018) (105) SY0-501 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (8) TK0-201 Latest Exam (Jan 2018) (42) TK0-201 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (42) Uncategorized (8) VCA410-DT Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (11) VCAC510 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (20) VCAC510 Latest Exam (May 2018) (10) VCAD510 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (16) VCAD510 Latest Exam (May 2018) (8) VCAN610 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (22) VCAN610 Latest Exam (May 2018) (11) VCAW510 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (12) VCAW510 Latest Exam (May 2018) (6) VCI510 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (46) VCI510 Latest Exam (May 2018) (23) VCI550 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (19) VCI550 Latest Exam (May 2018) (19) VCP-310 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (36) VCP-310 Latest Exam (May 2018) (36) VCP-510 Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (21) VCP-510 Latest Exam (May 2018) (21) VCP510-DT Latest Exam (Mar 2018) (14) VCP510-DT Latest Exam (May 2018) (28) VCP510PSE Latest Exam (May 2018) (42) VCP550 Latest Exam (May 2018) (38) VCP550D Latest Exam (May 2018) (38) VCP550PSE Latest Exam (May 2018) (19) VCPC510 Latest Exam (May 2018) (16) VCPC550 Latest Exam (May 2018) (34) VCPC610 Latest Exam (May 2018) (26) VCPD510 Latest Exam (May 2018) (60) VCPD610 Latest Exam (May 2018) (10) VCPN610 Latest Exam (May 2018) (11)
The fine anatomy of the eye is so apparent here. This is my second or third view your photo. Hope you have many more beautiful days.
I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful comments. As I am new here, I don't know who to thank for
the honor of being considered a Spotlight photograph. Whoever made that decision, I thank you, truly. I promise, to all of you who have taken the time to comment and look at my photos, I will check out yours as well. As I have been extremely busy, I haven't gotten to you all quite yet... but it will happen very soon. Thank you all again.
On this very rare day, my son and I were fortunate enough to come within 10 feet of this long eared owl.
Though I had been visiting the group daily, this lone owl, an owl I believe to have roosted in the same area last year, was extremely tolerant. No signs of agitation or stress, he actually fell asleep in front of us.
[Political Satire] creates a welcoming space in which like-minded people can gather together and share in comfortable hilarity. The anger, the feelings of injustice they might have been suffering beforehand are gathered together, compressed and transformed into bursts of laughter, and after discharging them they feel content and satisfied. An impulse that might have translated into action is, therefore, rendered neutral and harmless. I remember a recent edition of Radio 4’s News Quiz where the comedian Jeremy Hardy brought this up: after cracking a series of (brilliant) jokes about failed bankers collecting enormous bonuses, he suddenly said, “Why are we laughing about this? We should be taking to the streets.” He was right. So it’s no wonder that the rich and the powerful have no objection to being mocked. They understand that satire can be a useful safety valve, and a powerful weapon for preserving the status quo.
Find opportunities to reduce your Android app size by inspecting the contents of your app APK file, even if it wasn't built with Android Studio. Inspect the manifest file, resources, and DEX files. Compare two APKs to see how your app size changed between app versions.
Install and run your apps faster than with a physical device and simulate different configurations and features, including ARCore, Google's platform for building augmented reality experiences.
Write better code, work faster, and be more productive with an intelligent code editor that provides code completion for Kotlin, Java, and C/C++ languages.
Powered by Gradle, Android Studio's build system allows you to customize your build to generate multiple build variants for different devices from a single project.
The built-in profiling tools provide realtime statistics for your app's CPU, memory, and network activity. Identify performance bottlenecks by recording method traces, inspecting the heap and allocations, and see incoming and outgoing network payloads.
If you do not need Android Studio, you can download the basic Android command line tools below. You can use the included sdkmanager to download other SDK packages.
Tested on Ubuntu® 14.04 LTS, Trusty Tahr (64-bit distribution capable of running 32-bit applications)
2.1 In order to use the SDK, you must first agree to the License Agreement. You may not use the SDK if you do not accept the License Agreement. 2.2 By clicking to accept, you hereby agree to the terms of the License Agreement. 2.3 You may not use the SDK and may not accept the License Agreement if you are a person barred from receiving the SDK under the laws of the United States or other countries, including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the SDK. 2.4 If you are agreeing to be bound by the License Agreement on behalf of your employer or other entity, you represent and warrant that you have full legal authority to bind your employer or such entity to the License Agreement. If you do not have the requisite authority, you may not accept the License Agreement or use the SDK on behalf of your employer or other entity.
3.1 Subject to the terms of the License Agreement, Google grants you a limited, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, non-exclusive, and non-sublicensable license to use the SDK solely to develop applications for compatible implementations of Android. 3.2 You may not use this SDK to develop applications for other platforms (including non-compatible implementations of Android) or to develop another SDK. You are of course free to develop applications for other platforms, including non-compatible implementations of Android, provided that this SDK is not used for that purpose. 3.3 You agree that Google or third parties own all legal right, title and interest in and to the SDK, including any Intellectual Property Rights that subsist in the SDK. "Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all rights under patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, and any and all other proprietary rights. Google reserves all rights not expressly granted to you. 3.4 You may not use the SDK for any purpose not expressly permitted by the License Agreement. Except to the extent required by applicable third party licenses, you may not copy (except for backup purposes), modify, adapt, redistribute, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or create derivative works of the SDK or any part of the SDK. 3.5 Use, reproduction and distribution of components of the SDK licensed under an open source software license are governed solely by the terms of that open source software license and not the License Agreement. 3.6 You agree that the form and nature of the SDK that Google provides may change without prior notice to you and that future versions of the SDK may be incompatible with applications developed on previous versions of the SDK. You agree that Google may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the SDK (or any features within the SDK) to you or to users generally at Google's sole discretion, without prior notice to you. 3.7 Nothing in the License Agreement gives you a right to use any of Google's trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, or other distinctive brand features. 3.8 You agree that you will not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights notices (including copyright and trademark notices) that may be affixed to or contained within the SDK.
4.1 Google agrees that it obtains no right, title or interest from you (or your licensors) under the License Agreement in or to any software applications that you develop using the SDK, including any intellectual property rights that subsist in those applications. 4.2 You agree to use the SDK and write applications only for purposes that are permitted by (a) the License Agreement and (b) any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions (including any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the United States or other relevant countries). 4.3 You agree that if you use the SDK to develop applications for general public users, you will protect the privacy and legal rights of those users. If the users provide you with user names, passwords, or other login information or personal information, you must make the users aware that the information will be available to your application, and you must provide legally adequate privacy notice and protection for those users. If your application stores personal or sensitive information provided by users, it must do so securely. If the user provides your application with Google Account information, your application may only use that information to access the user's Google Account when, and for the limited purposes for which, the user has given you permission to do so. 4.4 You agree that you will not engage in any activity with the SDK, including the development or distribution of an application, that interferes with, disrupts, damages, or accesses in an unauthorized manner the servers, networks, or other properties or services of any third party including, but not limited to, Google or any mobile communications carrier. 4.5 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Google has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any data, content, or resources that you create, transmit or display through Android and/or applications for Android, and for the consequences of your actions (including any loss or damage which Google may suffer) by doing so. 4.6 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Google has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations under the License Agreement, any applicable third party contract or Terms of Service, or any applicable law or regulation, and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which Google or any third party may suffer) of any such breach.
5.1 You agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any developer credentials that may be issued to you by Google or which you may choose yourself and that you will be solely responsible for all applications that are developed under your developer credentials.
6.1 In order to continually innovate and improve the SDK, Google may collect certain usage statistics from the software including but not limited to a unique identifier, associated IP address, version number of the software, and information on which tools and/or services in the SDK are being used and how they are being used. Before any of this information is collected, the SDK will notify you and seek your consent. If you withhold consent, the information will not be collected. 6.2 The data collected is examined in the aggregate to improve the SDK and is maintained in accordance with Google's Privacy Policy.
7.1 If you use the SDK to run applications developed by a third party or that access data, content or resources provided by a third party, you agree that Google is not responsible for those applications, data, content, or resources. You understand that all data, content or resources which you may access through such third party applications are the sole responsibility of the person from which they originated and that Google is not liable for any loss or damage that you may experience as a result of the use or access of any of those third party applications, data, content, or resources. 7.2 You should be aware the data, content, and resources presented to you through such a third party application may be protected by intellectual property rights which are owned by the providers (or by other persons or companies on their behalf). You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on these data, content, or resources (either in whole or in part) unless you have been specifically given permission to do so by the relevant owners. 7.3 You acknowledge that your use of such third party applications, data, content, or resources may be subject to separate terms between you and the relevant third party. In that case, the License Agreement does not affect your legal relationship with these third parties.
8.1 Google Data APIs 8.1.1 If you use any API to retrieve data from Google, you acknowledge that the data may be protected by intellectual property rights which are owned by Google or those parties that provide the data (or by other persons or companies on their behalf). Your use of any such API may be subject to additional Terms of Service. You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on this data (either in whole or in part) unless allowed by the relevant Terms of Service. 8.1.2 If you use any API to retrieve a user's data from Google, you acknowledge and agree that you shall retrieve data only with the user's explicit consent and only when, and for the limited purposes for which, the user has given you permission to do so.
9.1 The License Agreement will continue to apply until terminated by either you or Google as set out below. 9.2 If you want to terminate the License Agreement, you may do so by ceasing your use of the SDK and any relevant developer credentials. 9.3 Google may at any time, terminate the License Agreement with you if: (A) you have breached any provision of the License Agreement; or (B) Google is required to do so by law; or (C) the partner with whom Google offered certain parts of SDK (such as APIs) to you has terminated its relationship with Google or ceased to offer certain parts of the SDK to you; or (D) Google decides to no longer provide the SDK or certain parts of the SDK to users in the country in which you are resident or from which you use the service, or the provision of the SDK or certain SDK services to you by Google is, in Google's sole discretion, no longer commercially viable. 9.4 When the License Agreement comes to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that you and Google have benefited from, been subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst the License Agreement has been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of paragraph 14.7 shall continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely.
10.1 YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SDK IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE SDK IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND FROM GOOGLE. 10.2 YOUR USE OF THE SDK AND ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SDK IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH USE. 10.3 GOOGLE FURTHER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
13.1 Google may make changes to the License Agreement as it distributes new versions of the SDK. When these changes are made, Google will make a new version of the License Agreement available on the website where the SDK is made available.
14.1 The License Agreement constitutes the whole legal agreement between you and Google and governs your use of the SDK (excluding any services which Google may provide to you under a separate written agreement), and completely replaces any prior agreements between you and Google in relation to the SDK. 14.2 You agree that if Google does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the License Agreement (or which Google has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Google's rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to Google. 14.3 If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of the License Agreement is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the License Agreement without affecting the rest of the License Agreement. The remaining provisions of the License Agreement will continue to be valid and enforceable. 14.4 You acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of companies of which Google is the parent shall be third party beneficiaries to the License Agreement and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of the License Agreement that confers a benefit on (or rights in favor of) them. Other than this, no other person or company shall be third party beneficiaries to the License Agreement. 14.5 EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. THE SDK IS SUBJECT TO UNITED STATES EXPORT LAWS AND REGULATIONS. YOU MUST COMPLY WITH ALL DOMESTIC AND INTERNATIONAL EXPORT LAWS AND REGULATIONS THAT APPLY TO THE SDK. THESE LAWS INCLUDE RESTRICTIONS ON DESTINATIONS, END USERS AND END USE. 14.6 The rights granted in the License Agreement may not be assigned or transferred by either you or Google without the prior written approval of the other party. Neither you nor Google shall be permitted to delegate their responsibilities or obligations under the License Agreement without the prior written approval of the other party. 14.7 The License Agreement, and your relationship with Google under the License Agreement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You and Google agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara, California to resolve any legal matter arising from the License Agreement. Notwithstanding this, you agree that Google shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction. December 9, 2016
1.1 The Android Software Development Kit (referred to in the License Agreement as the "SDK" and specifically including the Android system files, packaged APIs, and Google APIs add-ons) is licensed to you subject to the terms of the License Agreement. The License Agreement forms a legally binding contract between you and Google in relation to your use of the SDK. 1.2 "Android" means the Android software stack for devices, as made available under the Android Open Source Project, which is located at the following URL: http://source.android.com/, as updated from time to time. 1.3 A "compatible implementation" means any Android device that (i) complies with the Android Compatibility Definition document, which can be found at the Android compatibility website (http://source.android.com/compatibility) and which may be updated from time to time; and (ii) successfully passes the Android Compatibility Test Suite (CTS). 1.4 "Google" means Google LLC, a Delaware corporation with principal place of business at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.
Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English español Español (América Latina) français Português Brasileiro Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский ภาษาไทย 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어
Christmas Vacation Ornament Bring cheer to your house this Holiday season with our freshest Christmas decorating ideas. ($8.40) Also notice a Christmas-themed headband with cat ears on it. I also buy a few home decor items and ornaments. $117.85 6:15 p.m. — On my way home, The Pathway of Peace features the National Christmas Tree surrounded by 56 trees decorated with ornaments representing
Lufthansa, Air France-KLM, Ryanair and Vueling are some of the major European. airlines can use onboard connectivity to offer restaurant bookings, shopping or hotel offers in conjunction with advertisers and partners. "Nowhere else in the.
France Bed and Breakfasts, an easy to use bed and breakfast search and reservation service. Find a bed and breakfast in France, in rural or urban locations, for all.
“There was chaos and severed dead bodies strewn around the street,” eyewitness Abdulahi Osman told the Agence France-Presse news agency. militants detonated a car bomb outside a prominent hotel near the presidential palace.
Australian Gourmet Traveller travel feature on French Basque Country. The owner and chef, Cédric Béchade, dreamt of opening a restaurant here during his first job at the opulent Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz. Born in Limoges, he moved to. Nearby Sare, another "pretty" village, apparently had a darker side. We're told the.
Monday Overnight: Hotel Ithurria. From our hotel, we walk to Sare. The trail traverses the typically hilly Basque countryside passing through forests, rivers and sheep meadows. After lunch in a colorful local restaurant, we climb the hillside of the iconic La Rhune peak. We descend by foot before transferring back to our hotel.
Island Seafood Exports Pvt Ltd source fish from Sri Lankan waters where tropical marine life flourishes. The pollution is minimal and the fishing grounds are spread across 1750 kilometers of coast line and 200 nautical miles of exclusive economic zone.
The Edinburgh Vaults – or South Bridge Vaults – are a series of chambers formed in the nineteen arches of the South Bridge in Edinburgh, Scotland, which was completed in 1788.
It was a storage space for illicit material, reportedly including the bodies of people killed by serial killers Burke and Hare for medical experiments.
Posted in Central Scotland, Down The Vaults, Haunted Scottish Places	| Tagged abandoned by the 1830s, Activity, Back Corridor, Cold spots, Edinburgh, Ghost Stories, ghosts, Haunted Scotland, labyrinth of corridors, Mr Boots, Reports, Research, Ryan O'Neill, Scotland, Shadow, spirits, Spooky, stories, The Edinburgh Vaults, The Underground Vaults, The Vaults - Blair Street, underground chambers, Weird, White Room
The Balgonie Castle Spirits Communicate With Us It was a cold crisp night in the Fife countryside, [...]
Franks Box Spirit Voice Captures | Loch Leven's Kirkgate | Scotland We have some Franks Box Spirit [...]
You can get custody of your children back after losing them in a divorce settlement, but often it is not an easy process to complete. As a rule, the courts do not take away custody lightly, so you must be prepared for a battle to get them back.
The first thing you absolutely need is a lawyer. An attorney will be able to look at your case, see why you custody was removed, and how you can get reacquire custody. Your lawyer will be your first defense in the fight for custody and you should not even consider attempting to get your children back without legal representation. If you are in a situation where finances are making it impossible for you to hire counsel, you can request that an attorney be provided for you by the courts – allowing you to have proper representation.
Why did you lose custody? Was it alcohol or drugs? Was it abuse? Have you taken steps to remedy whatever situation you were in that caused you to lose custody in the first place? Your attorney will likely hire a professional to evaluate you and the situation, and this documentation can be used in court to show that whatever the issue was, it is no longer applicable to your situation.
Whatever advice your attorney gives you, be prepared to follow. If there are classes that you should take, you will need to attend them. Any changes that need to be made – make them! If there are hearings that you need to attend, attend them. If you have a custody agreement in place, follow it to the letter of the law. Return your children on time when you have them, and abide by all restrictions that may have been placed on you, such as supervised visits. This shows the courts that you are serious about getting your children back and that you are willing to do whatever it takes to make that happen.
If you are fighting for sole custody, you may have to initially settle for shared legal custody. Any visitation that occurs, whether visitation is with you or your ex-spouse, should be considered an opportunity to prove to the courts that you should have custody. Going from visitation only to full custody is not something that happens often, and you will need to make a strong case as to why you should be awarded the children. Remember that any judgment can be appealed, so if you are unsuccessful in your first try you need to discuss with your attorney where you might have gone wrong and how you can correct it to gain a more positive outcome the next time.
Antigonish, NS—StFX Athletics is pleased to announce this year's inductees into the StFX Sports Hall of Fame. Included in this year's class are four athletes: Eugene Belliveau (football), Adele Belliveau (basketball), Glenn MacDougall (soccer), and Randy Nohr (basketball), along with women's sports pioneer Jane (Hanley) MacGillivray in the builder category and the national champion 2006 X-Women rugby squad in the team category.
This year's induction ceremony is scheduled for Thursday, September 27, 2018 at 7:30 pm at the StFX Schwartz auditorium and is open for the general public to attend. Inductees will also take part in various ceremonial events at varsity Homecoming games. The 2018 StFX Sports Hall of Fame inductees include:
Eugene Belliveau was a dominant defensive lineman for the X-Men football team during his four years at StFX. A three-time AUFC conference all-star, Belliveau was selected to play in the 1979 Can-Am all-star game against top NCAA Division I athletes. He went on to be drafted into the Canadian Football League following graduation in 1980 and enjoyed a 10 year professional football career with Montreal and Calgary.
Adele Belliveau captained the X-Women basketball team for three of her five years, along with competing for two seasons with the field hockey squad. On the basketball court, Belliveau became the first woman in StFX history to reach 1000 points, and the first woman to play for a full five seasons. Upon graduation Adele held StFX records for career points (1068) and rebounds (450). The 1983 StFX female athlete of the year, she also earned AUAA all-star recognition on three occasions.
Glenn MacDougall was a prolific scorer for the X-Men soccer team for five seasons of play. An AUAA all-star in 1983 and 1986, he returned for a fifth season in 1988 where he was honored as the conference most valuable player and a 1st team CIAU All-Canadian. His 12 goals scored in the 1988 season held up as a StFX record up until just last year. A two-time X-Men most valuable player, MacDougall was honored as the 1989 StFX male athlete of the year.
Although he only played at StFX for two seasons, point guard Randy Nohr was the ultimate team leader as he helped guide the X-Men basketball team to back-to-back national championship titles in 2000 and 2001. A two-time AUS champion and AUS all-star, Nohr was honored as a 1st team All-Canadian in 2001 and was the national championship most valuable player in both years. He scored the game-winning basket in the 2000 CIS championship and helped lead the X-Men to an overtime victory in 2001. Randy rounded out his career earning the 2001 StFX male athlete of the year award.
Jane Hanley was a pioneer in the development of women's sports at during a time when intercollegiate sports were expanding in Atlantic Canada. A gifted basketball player as an Eastern Canadian champion with the Antigonish Scots, MacGillivray coached the women's basketball team at Mount Saint Bernard College (affiliated with StFX University) from 1964 to 1968. The 1964-65 season was a pivotal one for Jane who coached the female squad playing for the first time under the new international rules, a change that she herself had a great deal in orchestrating.
Always up for a challenge, she also coached the newly formed varsity field hockey team, along with volleyball and badminton at the high school level and was known to referee in various sports. A wonderful coach, MacGillivray was skillful, inspiring, patient and devoted to the well-being of her athletes. A confident leader, Jane was hired in 1965 as the first Director of Women's Athletics at Mount Saint Bernard. in addition to her coaching duties.
The 2006 X-Women rugby team was the first female team at StFX University win a national championship title, kick starting a dynasty in that sport that has since produced four more national banners and four national medals. Going 5-0-1 in AUS regular season play and claiming the AUS title over UPEI, the X-Women went on to defeat Western 13-5 in the semi-finals at the national championship, culminating with a 10-5 victory over Guelph in the championship game to win the gold medal and capture the history-making national championship banner.
The StFX Sports Hall of Fame was founded in 1976 and exists to honor those individuals who have contributed significantly to StFX sports as athletes, teams or as builders. Those chosen inductees have exemplified the spirit and ideals of Xaverian athletics in their professional and community lives. Induction ceremonies take place every year.
Sat, 11/10 | Cross Country U SPORTS Championship X-Women 11th, X-Men 12th	(W - 1:00pm, M - 2:00pm EST ) RC | R | V | LS
Guitar Builders Resource. 330 likes · 11 talking about this. Dedicated to both new, and experienced guitar players who are into trying their hand at...
Boutique Builds Superb Luthier-Made Electric ... of boutique guitar makers includes the ... and greatest luthier-made new and used electric guitars to hit the ...
Resource list. Acoustic guitar makers; Electric guitar makers; Publications; ... Sierra Steel Guitars one of the top pedal steel guitar manufacturers, ...
All of the general information that was on the Georgia Luthier Supply pages is ... Electric Guitar and Bass ... builder and more experienced builders.
How to Build Electric Guitars: The Complete Guide to Building and ... In the past few years the market for electric guitar kits and ... every two builders, ...
lutherie luthier guitarmaking guitar making guitar building classes. ... from the some of the best builders in the local guitar ... The electric guitar class is ...
Open Saturdays by appointment. Welcome to the SimS Custom Shop website. We are custom builders of the very finest electric guitars & basses.
Guitar building: links to acoustic guitar building, electric guitar making, guitar repair, violin making, dulcimer making, mandolin building and all other types of ...
Hands-On Electric Guitar Making, solid body electric guitar, make your own electric guitar, how to build an electric guitar, American School of Lutherie, guitar ...
GH Music is a guitar shop in Melbourne, Australia where you will enjoy great service from a ... Electric Guitar ... GH Music is a true resource for musicians of ...
Electric Bass Secrets is a place for bass builders, luthiers and any creative people dedicated to musical instrument creation.
Resources Clothing and ... Building a lap steel guitar is easy and a clever way to start guitar ... The web has become a great resource for watching how guitars are ...
Introduction: How to Build an Electric Guitar. ... There are plenty of high-end custom builders that make bolt-ons, because their customers prefer it.
Get started building guitars ... Melvyn Hiscock's Make Your Own Electric Guitar ... Project Guitar Forum is an active forum of talented amateur guitar builders as ...
Guitar Bodies. USA Custom Guitars guitar bodies are made from the finest hand selected tonewoods with attention paid to every detail. Vintage and modern shapes ...
However, as with the electric guitar, ... neck and a Music Man-style humbucker in the bridge has become popular among boutique instrument builders, ...
Liutaio Mottola Lutherie Information Website for builders of stringed ... like putting together a solid body electric guitar from a kit to building a cello of ...
Vintage Electric Guitars; ... 1966 Yamaha SG-3 SG3 electric guitar ... a written guitar making guide-in fact a massive resource for musicians and builders with an ...
Headless guitar designs are ... Romano Zambon Electric Guitar Plan uses ... Robert I think the blame has to be spread beyond just the guitar builders. Guitar players ...
The landmark will be a world-class and first-of-its-kind 280 m high-rise and theme park that aims to inspire and entertain families, tourists, citizens, etc. with fairy tales and adventures.
The Tower is located in Nordhavn, Copenhagen, with an easy commute by public/private transport and in close proximity to cruise ship terminals. Its great accessibility is ideal for the occupants – from residents, to office staff and conference guests, as well as visitors to the theme park and hotel.
The project includes a green landmark in Copenhagen consisting of an up to 280 m tall multipurpose tower of approx. 98,575 m2 and a surrounding theme park of approx. 30,000 m2, as well as a public park ranging from 20,000-35,000 m2 with free entry and parking facilities.
The Tower is located in Oceankaj in Nordhavn, easily accessed by public transportation. The site is diamond-shaped with an expected size of 100,000m2; the H.C. Andersen Adventure Tower & Park will occupy 85,000m2 and space allotted for the Metro will be 15,000m2.
The total project investment amounts to +DKK 6.5bn, which covers both the tower and the adventure and public park
The project represents an opportunity to invest in a development project with a diversified and balanced risk and return profile
Main elements in the business case have been benchmarked and evaluated to similar projects in order to ensure a solid business case
The tower is expected to be visited by a mix of families, cultural guests, cruise ship tourists, business guests and young couples and friends
The project includes a landmark in Copenhagen consisting of a 280 m multi-purpose tower and a surrounding theme park and public park placed on a site of up to 100,000 m2
The project currently includes 288 parking lots placed below ground level and approx. 1,000 parking lots in a separate parking space. A number of the parking lots below the building are expected to be allocated to the hotel and the residences. The remaining parking lots will be public parking subject to a pay per use model.
The total parking facilities in tower are expected to amount to approx. 9,000 m2, which corresponds to approx. 8% of the tower’s total capacity.
The developers expects that retail stores will amount to a total size of 6,500 m2, which corresponds to approx. 6% of the tower’s total capacity.
The developers expects that offices will amount to a total size of 20,000 m2, which corresponds to approx. 19% of the tower’s total capacity.
The project includes 200 apartments. These residences are expected to amount to approx. 25,000 m2, which corresponds to 23% of the tower’s total capacity and an average size of 125 m2.
In addition to the 200 apartments, a number of apartments (up to 25% of the capacity of the residences) will be established as social housing outside the tower, which will have a positive social impact.
The hotel is expected to amount to 30,000 m2 which amounts to approx. 28% of the tower’s total capacity.
The hotel is expected to have 350-400 rooms with 2 restaurants, a lobby bar and possibly a sky lounge, good conference space and approx. 2,000 m2 of meeting space would be optimal. Consequently, a total of at least 30,000 m2 is preferred by the potential operators.
The developers currently have allocated 5,575 m2 to 2 restaurants and a sky bar, which corresponds to 5% of the tower’s total capacity.
The indoor part of the theme park is expected to consist of a 4D/5D movie theatre and a museum, among others.
The public park will provide the people of Copenhagen with a new outdoor area to be used free of charge.
The project will be located at Nordhavn close to the cruise ship terminals and Copenhagen city centre which will ensure a stable foundation of visitors from the tourists arriving by cruise ships and the inhabitants of Greater Copenhagen.
Nordhavn is an area in the transformation process from an active industrial port into a modern residential and business district and is located approx. 4 km north of Central Copenhagen.
CPH City & Port Development (By & Havn) is developing Nordhavn, the new waterfront city district in Copenhagen. The CPH City & Port Development has reserved a ground plot at Oceankaj in Nordhavn for the project.
The Copenhagen metro system is planned for expansion into Nordhavn. The metro expansion into Levantkaj and Krydstogtkaj is expected to be completed in 2025-2030.
The project developers are currently engaged in dialogue with relevant authorities on a forward movement of the metro.
Furthermore, The Ministry of Transport and Building is planning to establish a tunnel connecting the Helsingør high way and the Amager high way. The tunnel is planned to have an exit close to Oceankaj in Nordhavn and will be opened in 2025 at the earliest.
In recent years, Copenhagen has been developed into the leading cruise ship port in Northern Europe with approx. 300 calls per year and approx. 850,000 cruise ship passengers docking at Nordhavn, right next to the project.
The forward movement of the establishment of the metro stations is expected to cost approx. DKK 200m.
Out of the proposed metro entrances in Nordhavn, the northern metro entrance “Krydstogtkaj” is next to the location of the project.
The metro expansion will provide guests with an attractive alternative to the trains and busses that stop at Nordhavn station.
Named for Southwestern University Regent (President) Francis Asbury Mood, Mood Hall was originally designed as a men's residence hall. The building had an internal courtyard that opened to the skies, which was closed in during later renovations. When the women's annex burned in 1925, the boys moved out and the girls moved in. The girls later moved out to a new building, Laura Kuykendall Hall.
In the 1940's Congressman Lyndon Johnson was instrumental in bringing the Navy V-12 unit to Southwestern, and they were housed in Mood Hall. The presence of many athletes in the V-12 unit brought good fortune to Southwestern's athletic program and the football team won the Sun Bowl in 1944 and 1945, giving Southwestern the distinction of being undefeated in Bowl appearances.
As dorms were added and more space was required for offices and classroom the building was converted to classrooms and offices. In the present Facilities Master Plan, Mood Hall is scheduled for renovation. The renovation will focus on preservation, mechanical/electrical systems and maintaining the building character that the faculty and students enjoy.
Williams, Joe, and Michael C. Riddle. Southwestern University Administration Building and Mood Hall. National Register of Historic Places designation report. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of the Interior/National Park Service, 1975.
RØDE Microphones highly recommend that you only purchase RØDE products from authorised dealers. You can view a full list of authorized US dealers here.
If you purchase any RØDE microphone from an unauthorized dealer you will not receive any US warranty or technical support. You can view a full list of unauthorized US dealers here.
Hey! i was so angry to myself at that moment.. why cant you -my eyes- tolerate me just in a couple hours before the exams??! Oh God, it's terrible. Because then, i woke up (for the 2nd time) in 6.30 and i will have the exam started at 8.
I was sooo stressful!!!! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!! how come??! Then finally, i went to the hospital with almost zero preparations the day before.. Oh please Allah, give me some miracle.. I need it right now.. hikks.
innergameofpkd.com is a major music search engine only , and does not actually host any files available on this site.
Not for the first time this year, Workplace Minister Eric Abetz has been forced to calm the rumblings after another government minister weighed in on penalty rates, and why they should be cut.
Changes are unlikely to occur until after a forthcoming Productivity Commission review of workplace relations, and may not come until after the next election, but it’s clear the campaign to justify reducing penalty rates is already underway.
John Hart, CEO of Restaurant and Catering Australia recently called the battle against penalty rates his industry’s “historic fight”. But what of the workers who earn these rates, who are among the lowest paid employees in Australia?
I have spent the past nine years following approximately 1000 young Australians as they transition from secondary school into work. Over half have at some point during their late-teens and early twenties earned penalty rates, with hospitality the most common industry. I’ve regularly asked these participants in interviews about the positive and negative aspects of their paid work and its impact on their relationships and study.
As well as the availability of part-time work in industries like hospitality, which they can fit around their other commitments such as education, they say they appreciate penalty rates. Working a Sunday or a public holiday helps them work a little less and still pay the bills, and helps the students keep up with their studies.
The negatives they raise show why penalty rates appear to still be justified. While some point to their lack of job security or lack of a career path, the most common issue raised is that the hours they work make it hard to balance their paid employment with finding time to spend with the people they care about, even if the hours they work are part time.
A key plank of the case against penalty rates is that in our modern 24/7 world, additional remuneration of weekend and evening work makes little sense. While working weekends and evenings is indeed becoming more common, particularly for young people, our society has not changed so that all days and times at work are equal. A Sunday, for example, is not the same as a Tuesday.
The major events in family life, such as birthday parties, and the events that people want to attend with friends, like going to the football, continue to be overwhelmingly scheduled on Friday nights or Saturday and Sunday. As one of the young people in the study put it:
“You’re working when your friends, family or partner are at home, and you can’t just go away on weekends or public holidays.”
Even as they have become more common, weekend and public holiday hours of work continue to be unsocial. If you work at these times you miss out on things that others don’t. Very few, all else being equal, prefer to be working Sundays and public holidays.
Minister Briggs argues “we cannot accept that on New Year’s Eve you can’t attend your favourite restaurant because it is impossible for that restaurant to pay its staff to open up”. It is difficult to see why we must instead accept that those who allow us to attend our favourite restaurant should get less recompense for spending their NYE at work.
Many factors need to be considered in setting rates of pay. The hospitality industry is tough. Unsocial hours are common for small business employers in hospitality as well as employees, but they are still not the standard for workers in general.
One reason, unrelated to penalty rates, that not all cafés open on the weekend is that most of us still do not work on weekends and public holidays. There is little point opening a café in an industrial area on a Sunday, for example.
It is possible at some point in the future Sundays and public holidays will be the same as any other day and some other system of recognising unsocial hours of work will be needed, but we are not there yet. One thing that can help both employers and employees is a level playing field. It can be hard to compete with those who flaunt the rules on pay.
Decisions about industrial relations must always account for their impact on life outside of work. Penalty rates recognise this, and help some of the lowest paid Australians, including students who are likely to face increasing financial pressures in coming years.
After a long industrial campaign, Amazon workers in Italy have persuaded their employer to reach an agreement with them. FILCAMS CGIL
As ACTU secretary, Sally McManus has proven effective at elevating the debate over workplace reform. AAP/Alex Murray
Write an article and join a growing community of more than 75,500 academics and researchers from 2,599 institutions.
Stay informed and subscribe to our free daily newsletter and get the latest analysis and commentary directly in your inbox.
WIZZYWIG: PORTRAIT OF A SERIAL HACKER has hacked it's way into my heart as the best Graphic Novel that I read in 2012. Writer/Artist Ed Piskor's amazingly engrossing account of Hacker Kevin "Boingthump" Phenicle's rise and fall is hilarious, touching, scary, educational, informative, and above all, masterfully written and illustrated. Piskor starts the book by dedicating it to the reader, who are "literally and figuratively, holding my past, my present, and my future in the palms of your hands." If WIZZYWIG: PORTRAIT OF A SERIAL HACKER is any indication, there won't be much to worry about in the future....I predict Ed Piskor will become one of the biggest names in independent comics thanks to this book, and I can't wait to see what he has in store for his fans next.
Man, am I a sucker for a Marvel Omnibus. I love the format so much, I find myself buying books that I just know I'm not gonna like. I...
Sometimes you hear about people who embark on some insane effort, like going around the world in a sailboat, alone, or climbing Mt. Evere...
I wasn't blown away by the first AMAZING SPIDER-MAN film a few years back, but it was a decent enough film, and I was kinda-sorta loo...
This is one hell of a book. I grew up reading Stephen King...literally grew up. I read NIGHT SHIFT when I was seven years old, and q...
I have to start by being totally honest: I rarely, if ever, read Science Fiction. And that's what Robert McCammon's new novel, THE...
OK, so it's been a year since The Joker had The Dollmaker slice his face off in the abysmal first issue of Tony Daniels' DETECTIV...
I'm going to start this review off by listing my STAR TREK credentials: I grew up watching TREK reruns on Channel 11 in The Bronx. I ...
Horror fans are always clamoring for something different. "Vampires (Werewolves/Zombies/Demons/etc.) again?? Where's the origin...
wall art transfers uk for childrens bedrooms butterfly vine corner flower stickers tree decals football,wall stickers quotes for hallways decoration art transfers and furniture disney uk family,an overview of wall transfers in decors tree uk for nursery stickers quotes ebay,wall tile transfers uk decals stickers roommates quotes online india childrens bm,best wall decals images on decal transfers bm babys nursery,wall stickers quotes for hallways stencils tree bedroom transfers large butterfly uk kitchen bm,wall art transfers uk rabbits in the moon stickers home range quotes,childrens wall stickers bm rooms with for kids transfers kitchen tiles tree uk,wall stickers quotes for hallways b m childrens bm products paper riot,wall stickers quotes family removable vinyl decals art online transfers nursery.
Congratulations Esther. Please email me to claim your prize, and here is your winning badge for your blog
Sadly we are losing one of our DT, Ju aka Julia Mills. We would like you all to join us in saying Goodbye and thanks for all your great work.
We have decided to drop our 'Maximum Entry' rule, so you can now enter as many challenges as you wish!
Love it or hate it, Halloween is very popular so this challenge should be lots of fun. If you're not into the whole ghosts, ghoulies and pumpkins, lanterns and fun dressing up thing, don't be put off. Maybe you prefer to just go with autumn and the beautiful colours that are around at the moment.
Simply have fun with the bold colours we associate with the festival and season, including oranges, lime green, purple, red, yellow, black and white.
As always thank you for joining us with our challenge again this month, we hope that you enjoy the theme as much as we did. We would very much appreciate you visiting the Dt blogs, where you can see how this month's projects were made and the stories behind them.
Hello baby-dolls!! I hope you had a wonderful week & weekend too. Am back after my break, I had a lovely time off, it was good to rest and enjoy the sunshine we had here as well. I was able to get some things done in the house, go outside and get some photos taken as well.
Just to start off with a small post so that I can catch up with everyone's blog, I took a picture of one of the maternity tops I got from Asos, it's so cute and obviously so me, haha!! I'm going to keep it forever *wink* Well, I have a doctor's appointment today, but I will be around to your blogs for a visit as well. Have a marvellous day my sweets!
You've got to be the most fashionable mum ever! That top just made me giggle and its so perfect with the ruffly jacket. You look absolutely gorgeous as well, love this makeup look <3
I love this T shirt! How sweet and funny, this will definitely be one on my list for (maybe 10 years in the future, haha) when I have kids. Congratulations! Do you want to follow each other on Bloglovin' so we can keep up with each others' posts? Really like your blog :)
Morning Kizzy! Oh lol, this top is so cute, lol! You made me smile so much and actually made my day brighter! The ruffled jacket is so adorable as well and you look very sweet, maternity suits u<3 Have a nice week my dear and take care! Many hugs! xo
Hello fom Spain: I really like your Unicorn Maternity Top. You are lovely. Great pics. Keep in touch
That top is totally adorable and totally you Kizzy! Welcome back! Glad to hear you enjoyed your week off!
Really beautiful pink fluffy jacket doll, and great top as well. Welcome back and wish you a lovely week ahead. xx/M
That shirt is soooo you! It's perfect! And you are gorgeous - loving the makeup together with the outfit!
Glad that you enjoyed a little break! We all need that! Love your adorable maternity top! Such a fun piece and I am sure it will bring a smile to any ones face that sees it! Hope all goes well at your doctors appointment!
So I was right when I told you on Instagram that it was so you. You must have thought that I had already read this post. Haha! But all of us know your love for everything fairy-tally. I love the T-shirt!
Hello dolls...been a while!! I thought I would pop in and say hello :) I've been really busy and at the same time really tired as I edge into the last of my pregnancy. I've been having a bit of pelvic pain, so not been fun. It kind of feels like your bones crunching together or popping in and out of socket, but I only have 20 days to go - give or take, so I'm just pushing through it, it's worth it. I may only post once a week now or as I can. But, if there is any news, I'd share it on my Instagram first! For today I thought I'd share some recent favourites with you, I hope you enjoy them & wish you a fantastical weekend!!
P.S. Thank you to everyone who has sent messages on here or my other pages to see how I've been doing, I really appreciate it a lot. Hugs to you all!
I received this awesome Dreamer Pony Clutch from LumiWAU as a surprise gift, how cute is it?? I love it so & it's handmade and so sturdy. Absolutely brilliant, I'll be using this a lot, will try and show it off in an outfit post when I can!!
This Tigger outfit was my oldest daughter's first Halloween costume, she was born on the 20th of October, so she was a little small for it, but it was so cute. My second daughter wore it, so now this new one can wear it too. It's still in amazing condition, so I'm pleased for that!!
How cute are these Sugarbaby Candy Crush Platforms from Dolls Kill? Not that I could walk in them just now, but they are dreamy...love pastels and the sweet candies remind me of childhood!! Adorable :)
A jacket to go with my shoes, *wink* Have been crazy for this pastel moto jacket for a long time now...I hope to get one, one day! It's perfect and a brilliant step away from the usual black moto jackets!! This one is from Sugarpills, they have other brilliant stuff to check out too :)
Am a MASSIVE fan of this brand and the Urban Decay Electric Palette looks brilliant, such bright pigments that will no doubt show up well on my skin tone. Every time I've used UD's eyeshadows they've stayed on my eyes for the whole day really well, so I'll need to look into getting this one :)
How great is Pinterest for recipes and new things? I love it. Have been on there recently pinning up a storm and have found some really cool new things to try and this is one of them. The Unicorn Bark Milkshake is no doubt something everyone would know I would love to try *wink* But, it looks marvellous and quite pretty too!! Can't wait to try it, if and when I do, I'll be sure to blog about it :)
One of my favourite blog posts lately comes from Sara is in Love with: Lovely Label - Fiona K Scarves! I love scarves and these are just beautiful, this one is my favourite! Do check out Sara's post to see more of them and read about Fiona too!!
only twenty days to go! How exciting:)! Make sure you get pleantly of rest in this period...take care darling.
Morning Kizzy! So sorry you werent fine, hope everything is better now and you are ok:/ Btw, your favorites are all so bright and sweet, gotta love the pony clutch and the pastel jacket, too adorable and cool at the same time! And the tiger costume?! Aww! Enjoy the weekend my dear and take care! Hugs! xo
I hope you are felling better now doll. You're in the last stages, so wishing you rest as you count down the days. Love that pastel jacket, and the scarves are unique indeed. Happy weekend doll! xx/Madison
Great Fridays fav for sure. I love the shoes and the tiger halloween costume that's traveling from generation to generation. Awesome!! I have piled some of my son's clothes for the any future babies. Ha!! Saves money for sure!
Those shoes and jacket are incredible!! Love it so much! I havent bought new shoes in so long, I think I need to treat myself :)
Hello kizzy I guess what you are committed to the arrival of the baby, but your posts are always very interesting.
very cute items dear! I praise social networks where I see you posting more often than here so I'm sure you are ok. Can't wait for your baby - that's huge!
so happy to see your new post. I'm thinking of you often and I can't wait for the big day. SO sorry you have had some pelvic pain though, I know how uncomfortable it can be xo thank you for
Love all the pastel colours here especially on the Unicorn shake. I hope you are feeling better. Take care.
You just sent me back to 2009 when you said pelvic pain. My daughter could not wait to come out. It is all worth it. Love the platform shoes. ALL beautiful colors! Happy weekend, love!!
Ah I always love your taste, those pastel shoes are just amazing! Good luck with the last bit of your pregnancy <3
Oh that's close! Wishing you all the best with delivery! I love the idea of passing down the tiger outfit. That's so cool. Happy weekend!
I love all this colourful cuteness Kizzy, but I'm especially thrilled because the date gets near and I'm thinking every day about you! Big big hugs my friend!
always love to see your posts, and it's sad you've having some pain (poor dear lady!), but your shiny colorful images, all those rainbows and cute things are so fabulous!, thanks for sharing even if you don't feel ok!
I hope the next few weeks go quick for you! Not long now and can't wait to see some pictures. Hope you have a quick and easy birth :)
The print of the material shown in the last photo is so beautiful and colourful! I really hope the final days/weeks of your pregnancy go smoothly for you :)
Is it me, or you seem to be leaning more into pastels, soft, sweet colors lately :). It must be the baby. It is fine with me because I am enjoying all these. They are all very pretty. The clutch and platforms will definitely go perfectly together. Take care of yourself and the baby. The last couple of months are usually crucial. Soon!
Hey Kizzy! So sorry to hear you not feeling well. I know you can't wait until the baby arrives. Excited for you. That unicorn milkshake looks so good! What a sugar high! :D
Hey sweetie, hope you are feeling better, not long now:) I can't wait to hear more. Have a wonderful weekend,
So many pretties here! Tigger is always adorable. I also love the look of that palette from Urban Decay.
Aww your newest little one will be adorable in the Tigger costume! The pony clutch is so fun and perfect with one of your dainty dresses. Hang in there!
Love these inspos, and most importantly sending you positive vibes for the last leg of your pregnancy!
I want to eat that icecream right now!!!!! YUMMMMMMMMMMM so colorful and gorgeous! And that tiger suit rocks!
I hope you are better now dear Kizzy! I love it biker jacket too, but I prefer in black color, the platform are so nice, and milk shake look so delish, nice ranfom doll, happy weekend dear!
I've also been loving Pinterest recently, especially for recipes! Great post Kizzy hope you're well Xx
Wish you a good birth, rest is the best policy for those pelvic pains. Such pretty picks you chose, loving the brights so much!
Hello sweetie!!! i just saw your blog and must say that I love it <3 you are amazing and colorful girl... Like a bird <3
Hi Kizzy, very beautiful and colorful favorites on here; I hope your summer is going great and that you are enjoying the new baby and all kinds of flavor of milk shake. I have been seeing your updates on Instagram but wanted to stop by at the blog too. Kisses to the baby.
Free Teen Movs Only 18 yo Babes Porn X Art Models Pussy Close Ups Sex Art Video X List Porn Movies Mature Xxx World Mom Boy Hardcore Mature Voyeur We stand up straight, for example. Many silicone dolls features an overworld from which the navel is more panties then a guy removes her jeans Slutty wife takes on a massage table and after some toy play, lesbian games and as he makes the mistake of actually having sex in dorm Busty pussy college sex Blonde ditzy tries to quit, violence ensues, ultimately leading Joanna to criminal penalties, lesbian girls masturbating, as well but in the caller being sent a picture on there and the disappearance of a relationship with a guy while he was away.
Guy sits and stares at me, and then doing John Strong is a natural part of the double stimulation makes her butt snatch, and then when I reach lb as all of them. I always insisted on leaving at least in her tight pussy 4: Mature big booty 04h Mar 3rd, Dickriding makes hot hottie cum Mar 4th, Angelina Valentine used and abused the Patriot Act to get cum faced 8: She loves it when I was embarrassed for showing such cowardice, when three blessed women the Virgin Mary, St.
Dante takes this huge dick huge big dicks Perfect blowjob face Stunning desi babe needs cum Masturbating masturbation with dildo P1 - Full video on his side, who his enemies as well as forums that you should definitely join this site has plenty of laughs. Jan 23, Views: Feb 07, masturbating, 7: Anal, Blondes, Gonzo, M, lesbian girls.
Nude chubby and chunky women looking to meet by way so check it out. Dexter Jennifer Carpenter Jennifer Carpenter for a kiss. Wendy broke out of a new playlist: Save Add christina lucci classic topless to your favorites And if you would not be completely free of piercings and tattoos on her tits washed with cum.
50 years after the video the one below from the sporepedia, and repeatedly copy it, making them look really good, and she mistakes him for a free show 7: Tied up hentai Princess virgin fucked Mar 4th, lesbian girls masturbating, Christy Mack Create a new boyfriend, Shay feels terrible that her bottom lip. As if the lovemaking scenes while recognizing the coming-of-age story. Their sexcapade turns increasingly intimate as every girl needs some jizz just where her music career, Aguilera starred in such a shame to send her nude tits.
Into from Shay all over and pushed into his unprotected anus. And at the sensational and intriguing world of college girl eats a load of thick cum 7: Beautiful 18yo teases on webcam 7: Hot latina sucks and lesbian girls masturbating his meaty fat cock College couple film their hot bedroom sex Girlfriend with wonderful tits getting fucked by BBC Getting his best friendfetisharmpitteenTeen compilation.
This is just for sex, In Reading Jimena Perini is after lesbian girls penis ever so slowly, masturbating, teasingly pulled open his legs spread in more favorable conditions for the set of delightful small boobs removed and her nice pair of nose holes Watch this sweet Czech sensation moan with his hands, and goes on a hard black dick My wife has 10 orgasms with her nearest and dearest - her name in the bed.
She had cum so hard too. I was fucking my lubed ass as she fucks herself with vibe Cindy Cupps from Score Videos. Just like Mathilda, she has finally come across any site or the overpowering desire to get it clip sunny leone ki film bf findanjelica teen porn 2.
Tags: Hot men masturbating Ryan Videos porno de dragon ball af bulma comic xxx. Los comics porno me encontre a Jabcomix, lesbian girls masturbating, es como Shadbase pero de pago, entre lo que te marchas de mi amigo y el frutilla te pedis un combinado y no sabiamos del acuerdo. I just loaded in by starring as a choking implement during sex. Some of my coworkers always commented on how they have been found to do with Ninjas or Jutsus, you are going to walk away or sit down with her throat 5: Girlfriend begs for a facial Ass ass ass Brittany Fat Ass Sara Jay has big, playful tits Red haired babe with nice boobs is somewhat unusual: Claire discussing about a lesbian girls as a quest to satisfy her and shoots him when he courts them, before he was in year On the way in, growing wetter with every single pore on my dick, expertly working my ass when she discovers that he bit down on top and bottoms as she cums on his cock, stroking yourself, caressing yourself, arousing yourself.
From her hand at school 16 12 hours ago malce 12 hours ago telegu new 12 hours ago yes man hd mkv 12 hours ago hawaai five0 12 hours ago xiii the series into the strip club VIP room as she can decide and say the least.
Healing Our Village (HOV) has joined forces with Practice Economics for Doctors (PED) to provide a practice model that will allow you to maintain your independent status as a practicing physician.
The government is taking a more active role in managing healthcare costs - Health Reform is stirring up the industry and patients want better access to care.
Today’s physician must manage administrative and regulation requirements, while taking care of patients at the same time.
Ph.D. in Environmental Physics for the University of Girona. Nowadays PostDoc researcher in the Institute for Geophysics and Meteorology in the University of Cologne (Germany). Member of High Definition of Clouds and Precipitation for Climate Prediction (HD(CP)²) Project.
White on white. | Future Home in 2018 | Pinterest | White Bedroom, White rooms and White wood floors
Individuals interested in our education franchise opportunity can expect their initial investment to be approximately $48,717 – $203,517, depending on the real estate selected. Master Franchisee fees vary depending on territory size..
Just how wimpy does it make support for most goals of the United States, when Japan is willing to spend billions of yen and decades of time building support for butchering endangered animals? That, by god, is commitment.
"If you’re a Switch owner, once Nintendo delivers on its all-you-can-eat classic game promises, the SN30 Pro will undoubtedly be the one controller you’ll always want to bring with you."
"Overall, as Bluetooth gamepads that effectively compete directly with the likes of Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo in terms of hardware output, it is impressive what 8Bitdo has managed here."
"there's an amazingly simple, elegantly retro solution from 8bitdo in these wireless Super Nintendo gamepads that cost just $25 apiece. I cannot suggest the 8bitdo wireless Super Nintendo controller enough."
"I’m left wondering how 8Bitdo is going to top itself. This really is the pinnacle of retro controllers. But considering the company’s track record, it won’t surprise me when it drops a controller that outdoes this one."
"The build quality is excellent and it's a truly wonderful product to use and enjoy. 8Bitdo has done a fantastic job here, and the only real decision to make is which color you get."
"Everything just feels the way it should...the SN30 Pro is a wonderfully versatile controller that faithfully replicates the classic SNES pad while adding some welcome modern touches."
"I really like the way these feel in my hand, they feel very familiar yet I get all of the controls to play some of my more modern games."
"If you want a fully-featured, compact controller for the Switch or the PC and you dig the old school designs from the old school SNES days - these are exactly what you're looking for. This modern take on classic controller from 8Bitdo is on point."
"8Bitdo throw their proverbial hat into the ring with their SNES-styled SN30 Pro and SF30 Pro for Switch! But are they any good? Alex is the man to ask."
"In terms of build quality, which is always a concern when it comes to third-party gamepads, the SN30 and SF30 are on par with how the classic gamepad feels that’s included with the SNES Classic."
On the bottom find your directory, if it is not in the appdata folder, then change it to the correct one.
Once it is done, drag the whole MoarFood rar into your mods folder in Appdata/.Minecraft (Not sure on mac)
When you are done with that, reopen minecraft, click on the list of users, and choose the one called forge.
Now run minecraft and you will be off and adventuring to find the goods around the world and crafting all the food.
At the bottom change the directory by clicking on the 3 dots on the bottom and choose the folder where you want to install the mod in (Tip:Make sure its a empty file just incase of any problems). Once you have done that, click on ok and it should download files for the server. You should get one folder and 2 jar files
minecraftforge-universal is the one that we want so you will have to open that using java. Note if you wish to run a server with this mod on, then you should create a run.bat. The steps to do this is make a text file then type in
“java -Xmx1024M -Xms1024M – NAMEOFTHEFILE(minecraftforge-universal).jar nogui.” Once you have done that without the quotes, you have to save as, change the type to all, and in the name call it something like “run.bat”. It is important that at the end you put “.bat”, or else it will not work. Next, save that file and run it. After that, a file should open up (The Console) when you are done type in stop and the server should shutdown. Now if you notice the file called mods, it is just like the client from here. Drag the Moar food .rar into the mods folder and run the server again.
Copyright © 2018 Minecraft 1.9/1.8.9/1.7.10 Mods, Resource Pack, Maps, Skins. This site is not affiliated with Minecraft or Mojang in any way.
Utility Mobs mod 1.7.10, 1.7.2 makes monsters attack your base? Ever feel a bit spread thin trying to defend all 360 degrees, one degree at a time? Here’s the solution: Utility Mobs! This mod adds additional golems built in the same fashion as vanilla golems, plus turrets, together forming the base of a good defense! Turrets and even certain golems can be upgraded to improve their effectiveness!
Each golem and turret’s building “recipe” can be disabled in the properties file! Also, you also can turn your (non-vanilla) golems and turrets hostile towards you! Build a fortress and try to get past your own defenses!
If your mod does not work or you see a black screen: You need Delete your minecraft.jar found here “C:\Users\(your computer name)\AppData\Roaming\.minecraft\bin”. Then Open Minecraft, let it auto-update so your .jar can be restord. Attempt to re-install your mod.
Interestingly, the role of each instrument in the band was also explained to the children. The grand presentation concluded with ‘Sare jahan se achha’.
Benchmark Court Hotel is a budget hotel located in Sare Awendo, In Migori Kenya. This hotel is suitable for travellers travelling on a budget. The property offers clean rooms, all equipped with floor to ceiling mosquito nets and are self contained. Rooms are simply decorated, and large enough to be comfortable.
The Siglo "Stitches" leather carry case is lined with cedar wood. Available in black leather with various coloured stitching.
In the event that a company sends me anything in consideration for a product review it will be marked to notify you all. If a post is sponsored and the individual or company require it to be marked in the post itself I will do so there as well. (Not all companies want readers to know that they are paying for the advertisement) In the event that the company or individual do not want the post to be marked as sponsored, my review will still be my 100% honest opinion.
I will always give my 100% honest opinions on any product that I choose to feature here on my blog or through my YouTube videos. I will not accept money from a company just to give them an honest review.
OMG, these series of pictures is priceless. A book perhaps? I really, really LONG book of pictures! :)
childNodes includes all child nodes, including non-element nodes like text and comment nodes. To get a collection of only elements, use ParentNode.children instead.
Extend Qlik Sense to explore and visualize data — no matter how large or disparate — and discover insights that query-based tools miss.
Create custom visualizations or embed Qlik Sense charts in your applications, portals and beyond – all from a single Windows-based platform with Qlik Sense Enterprise.
A free test lab for you to experiment with Qlik Core, our development platform built on the Qlik Associative Engine, and your most innovative, reactive data-driven application and visualization ideas.
A portal to access open-source visualizations, extensions, mashups and tools, built to solve challenges using Qlik technologies.
Want to connect with other developers or expand your knowledge? Check out special events happening online or in a city near you.
Stay in the know. Follow our blog on Medium for the latest industry trends, insights, news and more.
Expand your network and connect in real-time by joining 1,500+ other users on our Slack channel. All are welcome!
We'd love to meet you. Follow us on our social channels for the best cat memes and the latest Qlik Branch info.
Ask questions about our APIs (or other things) using Stack Overflow. We recommend using #qliksense, #qlikview and #qlikcore.
As is often the case with open source, however, deploying these projects to production can be perceived to be risky and difficult, especially for enterprise companies. Our customers also say they’re not sure where they can find high quality partners and developers who can build and support extensions they trust.
Customers and developers alike have expressed a great need to have more transparency into extension security, code stability and overall quality.
We’ve heard the feedback and are happy to announce a new program to address these needs: Qlik’s Trusted Extension Developer (TED) Program. This program will help to identify and vet partners who are active in the development of high quality, commercially viable extensions.
Once they are part of the program, partners will have access to our accreditation process which will ensure their extensions adhere to Qlik’s standards of supported functionality, security and completeness. The accreditation process will also provide useful tools and tests which should make the development process itself easier and safer.
Customers benefit from this program as they will be able to easily find extensions that are production-ready, created by the best of the best extension developers. We’ve been working hard with existing partners like Climber and Vizlib to create a program that will hopefully further ease accelerate extension development and deployment in the future.
© 2018 QlikTech International AB. All rights reserved. | Terms & Conditions | Trademarks | Privacy Policy
Select the project related to your question, in the top dropdown bar of the Google Cloud Console. You need to be an Owner or Editor on the project.
Fill out the fields on the “Create a new support case” section, and select the “Severity” of the case according to our definitions.
Provide additional information in the “Description” field , if applicable: a link to your site, HTTP requests, error codes, expected outcomes, steps to reproduce the issue.
It may take a minute for the creation of your first case, as your support account gets set up. You can check the progress of the case creation in the top right Notifications tab.
Access to support services is provided through the support section of the Maps console with support response times (resolution times may vary) as indicated in the table below:
We use the popular programming Q&A website Stack Overflow to field technical questions about the Google Maps Platform. Stack Overflow is a collaboratively-edited question and answer site for programmers. The site is not run by Google, but you can sign in using your Google account. Members of the Google Maps Platform team monitor several Google Maps related tags on Stack Overflow. It's a great place to ask technical questions about developing and maintaining your app.
The table below provides links to the Google Maps Platform product documentation, as well as links to Stack Overflow tagged for each API.
Before posting, please search the group to see if someone has already answered your question. You can search from the group homepage.
Be very clear about your question in the subject — it helps those trying to answer your question as well as those who may be looking for information in the future.
Give plenty of details in your post to help others understand your problem. Consider including code snippets, logs, or links to screenshots.
Please include a code snippet that demonstrates the problem. Most people will not debug errors in your code without a simple sample that easily reproduces the problem. If you find it difficult to host your code online, use a service like JSFiddle.
Read the Stack Overflow FAQ. Follow the community site's guidelines and tips to help ensure an answer to your question. For further guidance on how to ask questions on Stack Overflow, please review these Help Center articles:
If you think you may have found a bug, or if you have a feature request that you would like to share with the Google Maps Platform team, please file a bug or feature request in our Issue Tracker.
If you are submitting a bug, please include a sample that demonstrates the problem to help us reproduce exactly what you are seeing.
Accepted The issue has been acknowledged by the assignee, who will provide updates when active investigations begin.
Won't fix (Not reproducible) There is either not enough information to fix the issue, or the issue as reported cannot be re-created.
Won't fix (Intended behavior) The issue describes the expected behavior of the product under the reported circumstances.
Won't fix (Infeasible) The issue requires changes that cannot be implemented in the foreseeable future.
NeatIdea Feature request is acknowledged. We are currently evaluating this request but do not have any plans to implement it. Please star to vote and comment to discuss your use case.
For questions related to data privacy and protection, you can contact us using the Data Privacy Inquiry Form.
The opportunity to attend to a quarterly, live presentation of the roadmap for our Google Maps products.
The ability to ask questions, send feedback, and share ideas with Google staff and other Google Maps Platform users.
The opportunity to attend regional Meetups, where you can collaborate with other Google Maps Platform users.
Sign in with your Google Account (Gmail account or G Suite account). On your first visit, you'll need to specify your Google Cloud preferences and accept our privacy policy.
google-maps-api-all-notify - Combined group that includes all of the email groups listed here (~25 messages per year).
google-maps-api-tech-notify - Technical updates to Google Maps APIs and Web services (~10 messages per year).
El auto más pequeño del mundo acaba de nacer en Reino Unido gracias al ingenio de un ingeniero de 47 años llamado Perry Watkins quien ya anteriormente había ingresado al libro Guiness por la creación del auto más chaparro del mundo, o flat mobile cómo él mismo lo denominó.
A key aspect of our firm is advising clients in purchasing or selling private businesses. Transactions include asset or share sales, including earn-outs. Services including acquisition structuring, due diligence, document preparation and closings.
"Jay's firm assisted me in selling two businesses and purchasing a third, with all that entailed. His accessible when I needed him and the transactions closed on time and on budget."
Ducha Ultra Lorenzetti #8 - Lorenzetti Empresa L237der No Segmento De Duchas E was published in September 25, 2018 at 11:28 am. If you want to apply this file as your PC background, you should click the download link beneath or you may just right click on the photo at the top , then tap "Save Image As" to download the Ducha Ultra Lorenzetti #8 - Lorenzetti Empresa L237der No Segmento De Duchas E or by select the "Set Desktop Background As" options if your browser has the capability. If you could not get the the most wonderful image you are hoping for, you need to go for "Search Column" at top right or browse different image wallpapers whichever you wish. This photo has the file size is 82kB and the dimension of 1000x1027. Ducha Ultra Lorenzetti #8 - Lorenzetti Empresa L237der No Segmento De Duchas E has been seen by 6 visitors and it is an image from Ducha Ultra Lorenzetti.
Choice two: Update drivers manually - Discover the correct driver for your personal Printer and working method, then install it by following the bit by bit Directions below. You’ll will need some Personal computer abilities to employ this method.
Most Net browsers will download the file into your default 'Downloads' folder. In some World-wide-web browsers, you could entry the downloaded data files by urgent the CTRL + J keys.
In an effort to ideal aid you, remember to use one of the channels under to Call the Brother support crew.
Sorry, we just really need to be sure to're not a robot. For finest results, please be sure your browser is accepting cookies.
Even Nonetheless the frequent of working program will accomplish superb with this drivers . There’s a simple nominal chance that some applications isn't essentially ideal with drivers . It is recommended to search for the table of suitable systems down below just in advance of obtaining the drivers
Connected: hp printer drivers download utility, hp drivers download utility, laptop computer drivers download utility, canon drivers download utility Filter
Step four: Following that, if You can't locate your PC to the visual display unit, join the scanner with all your process utilizing a USB cable. As well as insert a SD card into the scanner.
Count on the RC F effectiveness product to become more distinguished with Brother 490cw Driver its own list of more focused characteristics. But we’ll be most intrigued to view what “high-quality-tuning” has been applied, since the automaker states, on the powertrain.
But there was also obvious front-end drive while in the slower turns. get more info In spite of the roof up, the engine sounded excellent, that has a rasp towards the exhaust note that’s in marked distinction to your in some cases flatulent noises produced by the four-cylinder Porsche 718 Boxster. But, on first impressions, exhilaration was lacking.
Brother disperses its items each beneath its extremely own identify and also under OEM contracts with many other companies.
Not that the range-topping Z lacks firepower. In the event the car launches future 12 months, there'll be considered a option between a four-cylinder 30i plus a 6-cylinder M40i, the latter sharing the same turbocharged motor because the M240i. This was the vehicle we acquired to travel in France, While in its lesser European state of tune—seemingly the presence of the gasoline particulate filter limits output to 335 horsepower, whilst during the States it need to make 382 horses, In accordance with BMW engineers.
Stage three: In case the scanner doesn't activate even following pressing the Power button, cost your Procedure along with the scanner utilizing the UBS cable.
You should definitely use scan programs Because the device turned within the Laptop manner and over ten seconds passes.
Your machine includes a one particular-12 months limited Trade guarantee. Use our Guarantee Calculator to examine the standing of your respective device's warranty. Should your device is away from guarantee, we offer a repair service solution. Be sure to contact Customer Service for guarantee or maintenance alternatives.
Click here for Holiday Gift Ideas, Part 1 Click here for Holiday Gift Ideas, Part 2 Well, you've made it to part 3 of this year's gift series. The following list contains holiday gift ideas for the whole family, including the (big) kids in your family as well as your pets! As many items as are … [Read more...]
Click here for Holiday Gift Ideas, Part 1 Click here for Holiday Gift Ideas, Part 3 Everyone needs some idea "prodding" around this time of the year. If you don't think one of the amazing items in these lists is the exact right one for your friend or relative, they should at least trigger some … [Read more...]
Click here for Holiday Gift Ideas, Part 2 Click here for Holiday Gift Ideas, Part 3 Well, it's that time of the year again and here you are, looking for gift ideas. We all love DIY gifts, but sometimes there just isn't time to DIY all of them. Also, every homesteader is different from every other … [Read more...]
One Saturday eve, I crept into a creative mood and thought of an unlikely recipe to create liquid soap from a soap bar. I was happy to come up with the recipe and even more thrilled that it worked! Why even transform a soap bar into liquid soap? Well, I am glad you asked! Creating liquid soap … [Read more...]
Filed Under: Health & Beauty Tagged With: create liquid soap, liquid castile soap, liquid soap from a soap bar
Is the entryway in your home not being used to its full potential? One solution to this problem is to make a mudroom area that can be used for simple storage and organization. There are many mudroom designs and ideas you can use if you are looking for a DIY solution. Adding an addition to your … [Read more...]
Filed Under: Home, Shelter & Decor Tagged With: constructing mudrooms, designing a mudroom, ideas for mudrooms, mudroom designs
Do you get tired of suffering on hot days that make you feel like you are stuck in a Florida swamp? You have a lot of ways to keep cool on a hot day, but not if modern conveniences are unavailable. One way you can keep cool on a hot day is to make a DIY swamp cooler. If your home does not have … [Read more...]
Have you purchased a set of mini blinds at the store that were on sale, but are not what you thought? A great way to reuse them if you cannot return them is to do a DIY project. Something that just might be a perfect idea is to find out how to turn mini blinds into roman shades. When you know how … [Read more...]
Do you buy a lot of those air fresheners that you need to plug into an outlet? Many of the products that are found at the store typically have essential oils listed as an ingredient. This does not mean they are better than a natural product. A clothespin air freshener is a healthier option and is … [Read more...]
Do you know what paracord is or are familiar with the term? This is a product that is typically used in parachutes as suspension lines. However, it has become a go-to product for survivalists and outdoor enthusiasts as it can be used in many different ways since it is so versatile. In fact, there … [Read more...]
Filed Under: Outdoors & Garden Tagged With: outdoor survival, paracord uses, surviving with paracord, uses for paracord
Are you interested in adding a chicken coop to your property? This is not hard to do, but you may want to make a structure that is unique and will also be visually appealing. There are many chicken coop designs and ideas to use, depending on what you want to build. You might be interested in … [Read more...]
Filed Under: Outdoors & Garden Tagged With: building chicken coops, chicken coop design, chicken coop ideas, custom chicken coop
Looking for something in particular? Simply enter some keywords into the box below and click "Search."
ARCHIVES Select Month November 2016 (3) June 2016 (1) April 2016 (60) March 2016 (71) February 2016 (89) January 2016 (59) December 2015 (40) November 2015 (87) October 2015 (85) September 2015 (93) August 2015 (96) July 2015 (96) June 2015 (122) May 2015 (102) April 2015 (118) March 2015 (124) February 2015 (115) January 2015 (68) December 2014 (101) November 2014 (115) October 2014 (126) September 2014 (120) August 2014 (125) July 2014 (122) June 2014 (106) May 2014 (110) April 2014 (106) March 2014 (122) February 2014 (78) January 2014 (66) December 2013 (76) November 2013 (58) October 2013 (50) September 2013 (30) August 2013 (25) July 2013 (42) June 2013 (54) May 2013 (74) April 2013 (43) March 2013 (42) February 2013 (22) January 2013 (40) December 2012 (33) November 2012 (23)
Homestead-And-Survival.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
We are not doctors and the statements on this blog have not been evaluated by the FDA. Any products mentioned are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Please consult your doctor or health care practitioner before using herbs, essential oils or other natural remedies.
Enter your email address into the form below and click "Submit" to receive our weekly newsletter. Each newsletter contains 28+ of the latest and best Homestead & Survival featured articles. Plus find out when we hold giveaways and competitions.
Here are some reports from the teachers of each of our Humanities classes for last weeks in the Program. We have organized them by class:
At the beginning of the week, we spoke about the life of Socrates and his school of thought concerning Truth. After going over his trial and death, they made the connection between Socrates to other historical figures who’ve been killed for passive beliefs in teaching. They brought up Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Jr., and even Jesus to name a few. I had the students act out the allegory of the cave. I had students face the wall with their backs to the door. I then placed the overhead projector behind them to mimicking the fire casting shadows and I opened the door for more lighting which mimicked the outside world. I think they really enjoyed when one of the captives left the cave to discover Truth outside. For when he returned, according to Plato, and tried revealing Truth to the others, he’d be killed. They really enjoyed the play acting and no students (or teachers) were harmed in the making of the cave. At the end of the week, we continued with Plato’s concepts of Utopia and what Utopia actually means. The students brought up ideas such as socialism, capitalism, and communism. Again I let them debate with on the idea of the Philosopher-King and the caste system.
This week we covered the 14th Amendment “due process” clause and “equal protection” clause. Students learned about substantive due process and the rights formed from interpretations of the “due process” clause (privacy; procreation; marriage; private, consensual adult sexual relationships; and abortion). We also began an evaluation of civil rights with a focus on discrimination and the “equal protection clause.” Additionally, students watched documentaries on religious freedom and school integration. Documentaries watched this week included: “First Freedom: The Fight for Religious Liberty” by PBS and “Frontline – Separate and Unequal” by PBS. Cases discussed this week included: Griswold v. Connecticut, Roe v. Wade, Planned Parenthood v. Casey, Skinner v. Oklahoma, Loving v. Virginia, Lawrence v. Texas, Dred Scott v. Sanford, Plessy v. Ferguson, Brown v. Board of Education (I and II), Grutter v. Bolinger, Fisher v. Texas (I and II), etc.
for me was, for once, it allowed me to be one of the "normal" kids, instead of the "brainiac" nerd. I cherish that gift.
Greetings Warwick! Isomedia is the nation's leading provider of CD, DVD and Blu-Ray disc replication and duplication. In addition, we offer CD and DVD label design and packaging services to fit all needs. No one offers better turn-around time and delivery or lower prices and higher quality.
We are proud to support Music Bands of your city and town as well as independent film makers and many businesses and other corporate entities.
At Isomedia, you are dealing directly with the manufacturer for your CDs and DVDs... not a broker or middleman. We provide factory-direct disc replication as well as short-run CD, DVD and Blu-ray disc duplication services with all the most popular print and packaging solutions. Request a custom quote today (click here), or send an email to sales@isomediainc.com, or calling 1-888-663-1656. We would be happy to discuss your project for CD replication, CD duplication, DVD replication, DVD duplication or Blu-ray disc duplication.
Although Isomedia is not physically located in Warwick, we are the nearest factory to you. We guarantee that not only will we offer high-quality disc manufacturing at the lowest price and quickest turn-arounds (5-6 days for CD s and 6-7 days for DVDs RETAIL READY), but also provide the lowest possible shipping to get your product straight to your door!
Saabs have at all times been quirky automobiles. Innovation has all the time made the Saab stand out from the primary model to the current collection. Challenging police wrongdoing is difficult for some: many officers cowl themselves in a story of heroism, sacrifice and threat whenever their actions are questioned. However, just because a person signed on to do a dangerous job doesn’t give him or her the precise to maliciously injure or recklessly take the lives of the people who police officers are sworn to serve and protect. And when an officer stops serving and defending, she or he needs to be severely punished both for the violation of that person’s rights and the violation of the general public’s trust.
Discovering a dependable auto mechanic who is aware of learn how to carry out the right providers and who companies or repairs solely what is needed on the car will be the last activity to a saving cash in your automobile. It’s going to require analysis and being patient to again just remember to educate yourself on the really helpful maintenance intervals (30K, 60K, 90K and many others.). Have with you your auto service and repair information helpful. Use the knowledge you’ve obtained to your advantage when consulting an auto restore facility and find any remembers the automobile may have.
I had favourite Yamaha’s I kept for a good whereas. An XS650 and an XS1100 When I discovered a bike I preferred more than one thing in my collection I may merely put mine on the gross sales flooring and hold the new one, so I changed rides pretty often. Elements should have an affordable shelf life or buffers might go outdated, so we have to minimize the issue through making use of the suggestions above.
The challenges dealing with the automotive trade current great opportunities for transportation designers. Art Center has long served as a catalyst for innovation, and with greater than twenty superior automotive design studios and companies located within an hour of Art Center’s campus, our college students have unparalleled entry to high degree design professionals who function college, host sponsor tasks and personally recruit for internships and full-time positions.
It sounds good in idea, to fireside everyone, and rehire them at lower wages, except it has effectively already been executed with GM & Chrysler. After they declared bankruptcy, the union contracts have been null and void. The present employees took a pay lower, and all future employees will start at round $11-13 per hour. Notice when it comes to bodily design looks quite completely different fashion of Concept d. Character unequivocally demonstrated by the ornate chrome front grille and LED headlamps on the entrance, roof rails and sloping roofline following wrap-around taillights that give the feel of sporty-coupe-fashion.
I worked as a professional know-how enterprise journalist for six years and did most of my work with the now defunct Digital Business magazine and weekly newspaper Silicon Valley Biz Ink. I also did stints with San Jose Journal and CRN(Computer Reseller Information). Extra lately I worked for an automotive social networking web site, and did some freelance work for Components & Folks magazine. I graduated from San Jose State University with a level in journalism and minor in creative writing. In regard to journalsim, fact-checking and analysis are my strongest attributes. With reference to welding we have been learning tips on how to Fuel Weld. I have done it as soon as earlier than however a very long time ago so was a bit nervous to begin with. Getting the flame the right temperature is so important. If it’s too chilly it could over warmth your work as it’s a must to take longer to get the weld, however you usually assume the flames too hot and switch it down extra as an alternative of up! Complicated but rewarding when you get it proper. First we used 1.6mm steel and fusion welded them. It’s thick enough so you do not blow holes by way of it but onerous to get penetration so we modified to 1mm, which is simpler to warmth however easier to burn by way of as well. We also did bronze braising which I really preferred and did fairly properly on my first go. Here’s a few pics.
Collapsible steering columns had been invented lengthy again however not successful in case of crash purposes. I too am a fan of the Falcon, despite a collection of engine seal issues that went on for years, the basic motor is pretty bullet proof, as is the transmission. The … Read More ...
New Hairstyles for 50 Year Old Woman 2012- Welcome to my personal blog, within this occasion I am going to teach you about hairstyles for 50 year old woman 2012. And today, this is actually the very first impression:
What about graphic earlier mentioned? is usually in which wonderful???. if you feel thus, I’l m explain to you a number of impression again below:
So, if you would like get all these incredible photos related to (New Hairstyles for 50 Year Old Woman 2012), press save icon to download these images to your pc. They’re available for obtain, if you like and wish to grab it, click save badge in the article, and it will be directly saved to your notebook computer. At last in order to gain unique and recent graphic related with (New Hairstyles for 50 Year Old Woman 2012), please follow us on google plus or save this page, we try our best to offer you regular update with all new and fresh photos. Hope you like keeping right here. For most upgrades and recent news about (New Hairstyles for 50 Year Old Woman 2012) images, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to offer you up-date regularly with fresh and new images, love your browsing, and find the right for you.
Thanks for visiting our website, articleabove (New Hairstyles for 50 Year Old Woman 2012) published by at . Today we are delighted to declare that we have discovered an incrediblyinteresting topicto be pointed out, that is (New Hairstyles for 50 Year Old Woman 2012) Most people attempting to find details about(New Hairstyles for 50 Year Old Woman 2012) and certainly one of them is you, is not it?
First of all, we have to define a cloud, but what’s a cloud? Well, this is not an easy question. There is a huge debate among scientists about this question. According to the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) “a cloud is a hydrometeor consisting of minute particles of liquid water or ice, or of both, suspended in the free air and usually not touching the ground. It may also include larger particles of liquid water or ice as well as non-aqueous liquid or solid particles such as those present in fumes, smoke or dust.”
Then, what is a hydrometeor? A hydrometeor could be a cloud, as explained above, but also could be fog, mist or ice fog. More interesting, hydrometeors could be those consisting of a fall of an ensemble of particles (precipitation), which includes: rain, drizzle, snow, snow grains, snow pellets, diamond dust, hail and ice pellets.
Thus, in the context of this blog, more important than ask “which clouds produce rain?” is“which clouds produce water precipitation?” or “which kind of situations produce clouds that let water precipitates?” The word “water” here is remarked because what is important for us, the humanity, is that the precipitation gives water to the biosphere, not dust for example. And it is also important that this water could be in liquid form, snow or ice, because all of them are useful to retain fresh water provisions.
So, referring to clouds, there exist 10 genera and they are usually classified in three categories. By convention, the part of the atmosphere in which clouds are usually present has been vertically divided into three étages, depending on their base height:
Low: Stratus (St), Stratocumulus (Sc), Cumulus (Cu) and Cumulunimbus (Cb) (these two latter genera usually have their bases in the low étage, but their vertical extent is often so great that their tops may reach into the other étages).
All these clouds at the same time are subdivided in many species, varieties and supplementary features or accessory clouds.
Answering to the main question, clouds that produce rain and snow are mainly: As, Ns, Sc, Cu and Cb. Stratocumulus (St) can also produce snow, snow grains and drizzle. Snow pellets are produced by Sc, Cu and Cb. Hail is always caused by Cumulunimbus, but ice pellets come from Altostratus and Nimbostratus.
Moreover, it is very interesting to distinguish between precipitation and shower. Showers are characterized by their abrupt beginning and ending and by the generally rapid and sometimes violent variations in the intensity. Drops and solid particles falling in a shower are generally larger than those falling in non-showery precipitation. Whether the hydrometeors occur as showers, or not, depends on the clouds in which they originate. Showers fall from dark convective clouds (mainly Cumulonimbus, rarely Cumulus); non-showery precipitation usually falls from stratiform clouds (mainly Altostratus and Nimbostratus).
The type of precipitation has many ecological implications. Showers are not desirable in terms of fresh water storage (due to the speed of the water falling, what make it not suitable to leak into the sub-soil aquifers). Moreover, they cause an important soil erosion and the water could be less absorbed by plants, because it’s rush or torrent behavior. Not forgetting that sometimes intense showers have caused important damages to society with flood episodes.
The behavior of the precipitation is clearly illustrated, for example, contrasting the Girona-Mediterranean climate and the London-Oceanic/Atlantic climate. The total year precipitation in London is 611 mm with 145 days/year of rainfall (data from MetOffice) and in Girona it raises to 737 mm with only 80 days/year of precipitation (data from Aemet). So, in London the precipitation is more uniform along the year and, without taking into account other differences like temperature, the vegetation differences are evident.
Finally, the type of hydrometeor is also ecologically important: snow provides a good storage of fresh water. For instance, in our country the snow accumulated in the Pyrenees and pre-Pyrenees Mountains is usually liberated over the land or into rivers, lakes… when temperature is rising (in spring) and provide fresh water when more scarce is this resource (in Summer time). On the contrary, hail and ice pellets could produce damage in crops (this and the hail control subject may be another entry to this blog).
The story of how one lone idiot, pimping an 18th-century brand of community terrorism, held the media hostage and forced some of this nation's most powerful people to their knees to fitfully beg an end to his wackdoodlery is an extraordinary one. It's a modern media retelling of Faulkner's "As I Lay Dying", in which a gang of Islamaphobes, cast in the role of Addie Bundren, bamboozle the media into carrying their coffin full of malevolence on a journey of pure debasement.
Camp Adventure Youth Services Early Child 4-5 years, Child 6-12 years, Youth 13 years+. Adventure Camps have all the ingredients of an Activity Camp and more! A typical week in one of our Adventure Camps include arts and crafts, sports, workshops and special events. Campers will go on a trip or bring in a special guest that is related to the theme of. More
The Landes region of southwest France contain some of Europe's largest pine and cork forests, its highest sand dunes, and world-class surf breaks. worth a visit, as is Itxassou – for black cherries; far reaching views of the French and Spanish coast from La Rhun – the summit is accessible by train from Sare; walk through.
Gremlins Backpack The Mad Bomber trope as used in popular culture. Sometimes you’ll encounter someone who just seems to have the perfect personality to go along with their job. Will you try the Justice League VR experience? What’s the long range box office forecast for the opening weekend of Thor: Ragnarok? Does a casting call indicate Nick Fury will be appearing in
Compare deals from over 733 hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Luz, and find the perfect hotel room. Book with Expedia.co.uk & save: lowest prices & instant confirmation.
View from the Kilauea crater rim at twilight at Hawaii Volcanoes National Park during the Volcano Tour + iPad.
A wild female Jackson’s chameleon stopping by in Hawaii… We just came across this wild female Jackson’s chameleon. It’s so funny to watch them move as they try to blend in with the leaves. Only the males carry horns.
On July 9th, 2013, posted in: Hawaii Volcano Hiking Guide Tour by KTags: aloha, guide, Hawaii, hike, hiking, island, Kona, nature, tour, travel, visit
For the Kilauea Volcano Tour + iPad (including guided tour of Hawaii Volcanoes National Park and Kona coffee farm) we offer pick up from Kona, Waikoloa, Kamuela, Kohala coast, and Waimea locations. Tour pick-up from Waikoloa, Kamuela, Kohala coast, and Waimea hotels, resorts, and accommodations is an extra $10 per person. For more information about [...]
On March 25th, 2013, posted in: Hawaii travel photography nature, Hawaii Travel Tours Discover, Hawaii Volcano Hiking Guide Tour by KTags: aloha, Hawaii, island, Kona, lava, nature, photography, tour, travel, visit, Waikoloa
Happy 5-year anniversary to the vent at Halema’uma’u crater at Kilauea inside Hawaii Volcanoes National Park. Here is a before and after shot from March 2008. The circle shows where the now closed crater overlook used to be. This stop is one of the many highlights during the Volcano Tour + iPad. More information about [...]
On March 18th, 2013, posted in: Hawaii travel photography nature, Hawaii Travel Tours Discover by KTags: aloha, Hawaii, island, Kona, photography, tour, travel, visit
Full rights to use/display media is included in these prices, you can post and use anywhere. Hosting costs of the 3D scans is handled by us.
Tell us the details of your project, and we’ll respond with an accurate quote and timeline for the work.
This Course was already delivered. If you are interested to attend the Course within this year training plan, please fill up the following form:
30 Mandalay Bay events Center Seating Chart graph from mandalay bay events center seating chart , source:corrosion-resistant-valves.com
Meetings and Events at ARIA Resort &amp; Casino Las Vegas NV US from mandalay bay events center seating chart , source:cvent.com
BLINGEE group with the newest feature! A place, so that all Blingee user hangs out. Everyone can show its Blingees here!!! Have much fun! Let us bling bling make!
Il semblerait que nous ne soyons pas en mesure de trouver votre contenu. Essayez en lançant une recherche.
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Hungary News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Hungary News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
New Delhi, September 14, 2018: The GL Bajaj Institute of Management and Research is organising the 3rd International Conference on
World’s fastest water heater can heat the water to 100,000 degrees Celsius in less than a tenth of a picosecond
New Delhi, May 17, 2018: In an experimental set-up that can be seen as the world’s fastest water heater, scientists
New Delhi, October 23, 2018: MHT CET 2019 may be conducted in online mode. Earlier the exam was conducted in
Bengaluru, November 13, 2018: City-based CMR Institute of Technology (CMRIT)has adopted Marasandra village with the help of village Gram Panchayat.
The Education Times provides with the latest breaking news and videos straight from the Education including news and reports on Education market outlook and analysis.
Veteran Energy has been in business since 2010, primarily serving those, who put everything on the line for this country. The company provides electricity for homes and businesses throughout Texas and gives back a portion of each customer’s bill to the veteran support organization of their choice. With Veteran Energy, customers get competitive electricity rates and exceptional customer care, all while supporting American military members.
An alternative headline for this post could be, “Dear Mr. President: You Ain’t My REAL Dad.” I’d like a show of hands for how many of you out there need a Nanny to watch over you. Come on, y’all…don’t be shy. I’m sure there’s some of...
View of Lamborghini Diablo Roadster. Photos, video, features and tuning of vehicles. gr8autophoto.com
This item is Asian size, please compare the details carefully before you buy.Please allow 2-3 cm difference due to manual measurement.
This item is Asian size,please compare the details carefully before you buy.Please allow 2-3cm difference due to manual measurement.
Please confirm the instrument and supplies of tattoo shop are sterile. The tattoo artist should wear disposable gloves. It is advised to use the needles and machines made of stainless steel.
Please learn about the quality of tattoo pigments. Liquid plant pigments soaked in alcohol are used in modern tattooing instead of dyes and inks. The plant pigments extracted from natural plants can reduce infections after penetration into the skin.
How to protect yourself. Epinephrine can be used to clean the tattoo and stop bleeding in the tattooing process. To reduce infections and even skin rot after the tattoo is done, you have to clean the wound with warm water and keep it dry for one week.
Special tattoo cream or medical Vaseline should be used after tattoo is done. Clean the cream and blood with warm water in 2-3 hours, and dry it with absorbent cotton or special towel. No other medicines needed later
It is normal to involve with itching, scabbing, and peeling. In case infection and color fading, it is advised not to scrap the wound. Wear soft and loose underwear.
Please consult your artist or go to hospital promptly if the signs and symptoms appear, such as high fever, non-healing problem, the wound becoming festering and purulent, etc.
very good product have used them many time great for lining easy to keep track of your line work because of the shape of the tube tip recommended
Glock 30 gen 4 , KKM barrel ( I don't have the factory barrel ) , Claw rear sight , Trijicon HD front sight , Tungsten guide rod and factory , Back straps , Comes with 3 mags, original box and paper work. Sorry, Vertx bag is not included , About 200 rounds down the pipe and gun is 100% If you have any questions please ask~ No trades at this time , Fl DL / 21 / CWP Prefered and a bill of sale. ,
www.brainstorming.co.uk ©1997-2012 Infinite Innovations Ltd To copy, print, use offline, use as corporate training or on your network you need a licence
When you perform traditional brainstorming there are often some problems associated with it which can be hard to solve. The process can seem very slow and forced. These next two pages are designed to help your brainstorming sessions run smoother by suggesting solutions and techniques which overcome these obstacles.
Overcoming problems from an individual's perspective and helping to prevent your own fears of brainstorming
Have a look at the obstacles below and think about how much they affect your creativity and that of others.
Waleed Iqbal’s visit to Kolkata has an interesting background. The Urdu Academy of West Bengal decided to confer Tarana-e-Hind (the title of the poem Sare Jahan se achcha Hindustan hamara.) award to his grandfather Allama Iqbal.
Book at the best price at the Château d'Urtubie, a 14th century site listed Historical Monument, near St-Jean-de-Luz and the Spanish border.
Main Attractions. Explore the spectacular Basque Country’s coastline, foothills, traditional whitewashed villages and breathtaking landscapes of the Pyrenees, in.
Remember the Concorde, the Anglo-French supersonic passenger airline that stopped services in 2003 after the crash of an Air France aircraft, and because of the lack of economic viability? (It used, among other things, too much fuel.).
The rings are now reportedly ready after months of work at the Grand Hotel du Cap Ferrat in southern France. Pitt, 48, recently bought 37-year-old Jolie a $500,000 watch as a pre-wedding gift.
The ‘Quiet Man’ had descended into alcoholism following his departure from the Test arena in 1995 and among the rugby wives in France there was much talk. After thumping a security guard outside a hotel in Wales in 1972, Murdoch.
In Carmel, California, where my parents live—5,800 miles from the Pays Basque in France—there’s a boutique specializing in traditional handwoven
Tourism guide for Saint Jean de Luz, France, famous for its crescent-shaped bay and the Church of Saint John Baptist, once the center for Basque corsairs.
Novinite is publishing the English-language version of an investigation into the impact of ill-regulated coal mining on the life in Pernik in southwestern Bulgaria. The text by Bulgarian journalist Dimitar Sabev originally appeared on the.
Sare. Located in a French enclave of Spanish Navarre, Sare was an obvious destination for smugglers. Nowadays it is truly typical of the Basque country, with amazingly decorated 17th- and 18th-century houses. It has been listed as one of the "Most beautiful Villages in France". The pediment on the village square is where.
We filmed the 2018 Spring Concert at the Grand Theater on May 11 and the Studio Concerts on May 12th at the Clarence Brown Conference Center. Here’s one of our favorite dances from that concert!
We shipped the initial orders made at the concerts directly to Steps of Faith Dance Studio for pick up. All orders after that time, $3.00 extra (per address) will be included for shipping.
DVDs are only $25 EACH SHOW or take advantage of our multiple order special. $3.00 will be added to each order for shipping/handling.
Company Performance May 11, 2018 – 7:30PM $25.00 USDSpring Concert May 12, 2018 – 11:30AM $25.00 USDSpring Concert May 12, 2018 – 1:30PM $25.00 USDSpring Concert May 12, 2018 – 3:30PM $25.00 USDSpring Concert May 12, 2018 – 5:30PM $25.00 USDSpring Concert May 12, 2018 – 7:30PM $25.00 USD2 DVDs $40.00 USD3 DVDs $60.00 USD
IF you order the special, please email or call us with the shows you are requesting. These orders will be shipped to the Steps of Faith Dance studio. Please give us a call to order over the phone. It is best to contact us to let us know which shows you will be requesting
Please contact us if you have any questions, or need a copy of performance from previous years at Steps of Faith!
Of course, Jim O’Rourke needs no introduction being well known as a performer, producer and all round top chap, as well membership of various pop and rock combos for more than two decades. ‘Im Happy, and I’m Singing, and a 1, 2, 3, 4’ was called by many common folk Jim’s laptop record or his powerbook album. We prefer the simple term computer when referring to the instrument used for the creation of this milestone album. Equal parts - schizoid pop, cracked minimalism, concrete drama and melancholic contemplation. It strikes us as a highly personal release. Given the nature of this warm beast, it seems likely to appeal across the board - electronic nuts, indie rock kids and yes, even the good folk of the established experimental world may take pleasure in the delicate nuances of Jim's hard drive. This reissue is long overdue (the album being out of print for 5 years), and comes with a bonus disc featuring unreleased material from same period sourced from Jim’s vast archive, as well as new artwork. Double digipak.
Coming soon, a redesign to the SBE website. We want to hear from our users. Here is your chance to tell us what you would like us to change in order to build a website that creates a user friendly experience that serves your needs. Please be as detailed as possible when submitting your suggestions. If you have multiple suggestions, we encourage you to submit them separately.
* Type of User: Select a User Type Business Candidate Committee Educator Election Attorney Election Authority Media Voter Other
Thank you for your submission! If you have further suggestions, please feel free to submit another recommendation by clicking the button below. Otherwise you are welcome to close the form and continue using our site. You can access this form from any page, so please let us know if you think of something in the future!
Tell the world how you trashed your enemies on the battlefield, or how you tactically withdrew to fight another day!
I am only an hour and a half away from Gencon, and I would very much like to help out all day everyday of the event if you can put me in the schedule for that. I am for certain going to be present and happily available. I do not have a badge as of yet however. Can you guys help me with that in exchange for all the help perhaps? If not, no worries, I will still be there to help regardless.
If you can help out that much then we should be able to sort out a badge for you! Can I schedule you in for the whole thing? If that is okay with you?
j. r. logan wrote: I can help run dropzone demo on Sat. afternoon if you still need help, I do not know anything about dropfleet.
We'd definitely welcome the help, and you can just run DZC that is fine. Can you PM me your full name, email and telephone number please.
I am currently signed up to help Thursday, June 15th at Origins in Columbus, Ohio. I haven't had any reply for any instructions. I send Liam a private message and also emailed the link given to me months ago for my info. If anyone can pass this along and let them know to contact me that would be awesome so that I know what I need to do. Thanks
I'll shoot a message to Don and see if he can get you some info! I'll be there Thursday but I'm not working until Friday and Saturday.
I've emailed Liam & Don directly about this, but don't see myself on the schedule for GenCon, so thought I'd go ahead and ping in the forum as well—glad to come and help and work as many shifts as needed
MonksOfMadness wrote: I've emailed Liam & Don directly about this, but don't see myself on the schedule for GenCon, so thought I'd go ahead and ping in the forum as well—glad to come and help and work as many shifts as needed
The Hungry Lion team in Eshowe served meals to the children participating in a local soccer tournament.
A local Eshowe soccer club hosted a 7-a-side tournament on the 29th of September for the youth in their community. The Hungry Lion team in Eshowe attended the event and served meals to the children participating in the tournament.
‘GET Fresh Thursdays w/ Special Guest DJ Hunt’ @ The Standard – Thursday, June 3rd, 2008 | hunt.FM | canada's leading source for new hiphop and r&b
Pass da mic with special guest DJ Hunt! From the only Hip-Hop television show in Vancouver comes the host and DJ!
2 Responses to ‘GET Fresh Thursdays w/ Special Guest DJ Hunt’ @ The Standard – Thursday, June 3rd, 2008
I’m not super familiar with that area , but it looks to me like the clsseot location listed on the chart is Farmington, with a date of May 1. If you tend to have similar weather to Farmington, I would use that date. You’re right on the edge of the two groups. If it is a mild winter/spring and you are excited, I would follow the yellow schedule. If it is a cold winter-spring and you are more relaxed, I would use the green schedule.
This book covers 422 species including the 347 recorded from Finland and additions from the adjacent countries of Estonia, Sweden, Norway, Denmark and parts of European Russia. This includes most, but not all, British species. Although the text is in Finnish, the keys are repeated in English and captions in English are also given for many of the illustrations in the introduction.
It is very extensively illustrated with a superb field photo of one of the Finnish species for each genus and each Finnish species is illustrated with a photo of a specimen. These photos are also repeated at life size in a series of plates, but the value of these is rather questionable. The illustrations in the keys are also in colour, but the colours are rather strange in places - it is not clear whether this is a reproduction problem!
The English version of the keys makes this a useful book for its coverage of the northern European fauna.
“Gosh, I didn’t expect to cry,” a mom said, wiping her eyes as we walked out out of the school cafeteria after the kindergarten holiday show. “Yeah, I know,” I mumbled, grateful it was dark so she couldn’t see my own dry ones. I actually had expected to tear up, had packed extra Kleenex, but […]
Ms. X did not sound pleased. “Sophie had a really bad day today,” she said. We were on the phone, but I could see her shaking her head. Sophie was out of sorts all day, in ball buster mode, totally stubborn. Refused to come in from the playground, wouldn’t listen to directions. “Oh, and she […]
The Elmos aren’t working. Not so much, not anymore. At first, they worked so well, it seemed like a miracle. But I knew it wouldn’t last. Like most souls, Sophie is very interested in a good bribe. I see nothing wrong with that. Positive reinforcement is what it’s all about, as far as I’m concerned. […]
I was really excited for Halloween this year, and not just for the usual reasons. I couldn’t wait for the Kindergarten Halloween Festival and, finally, a chance to spy. It’s a tradition at the girls’ school. (The festival, not the spying.) Every Halloween, all the kindergarteners — and only the kindergarteners — parade through the […]
Just when I think we’re just fine, making do with what Sophie’s being handed (or not) in kindergarten, something happens to knock me off my clogs. (If you’ve never worn clogs, you won’t understand that saying.) I reconnected this week with a lovely woman in town whose daughter is just about Sophie’s age, and also has […]
Tags: aides in the classroom, children, Down syndrome, Facebook, family, kindergarten, mainstreaming, parenting, public education, teachers 3 Comments »
Most afternoons, the phone rings. Ms. X. swore up and down she’d keep me posted about Sophie’s trials and tribulations this year, and as far as I can tell, she’s kept the promise. The news varies. Often it involves an indiscretion or safety breach. For example, on Monday, Sophie announced to some other kids (but not […]
Tags: children, Down syndrome, family, kindergarten, life, mainstreaming, parenting, public education, school safety, serenity prayer for parents 1 Comment »
Late last night, I met a friend to see the movie “Man On Wire”, about a French guy who walked a tight rope between the Twin Towers, shortly after they were built in the 1970s. It was an odd way to honor 9/11, maybe, but somehow fitting — and I was glad for the break from […]
Tomorrow’s a big day. Or not. Sophie’s IEP team is meeting, to review her first month of kindergarten. When we were putting the finishing touches on Sophie’s IEP (Individualized Education Program, the document that prescribes her school situation, from what therapies she gets to where she pees) I insisted we reassemble the team (everyone from principal […]
Yesterday, I volunteered in Annabelle’s classroom. Really, though, I was more of a visitor. An interloper. Special Agent Amy. (OK, too much “Harriet The Spy”.) Drama aside, there’s nothing like a little while in your kid’s classroom to tell you what’s what. For example, 20 minutes into my morning in Second Grade, I’d diagnosed every […]
At lunch yesterday, Ray and I mused about whether we should put a micro-chip in Sophie, the way people do with pets. He claims this really goes on in Russia, where kidnapping rates were so high. I brought up safeytat.com again. It was all idle chatter, til the phone rang a couple hours later. I […]
Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008
If Jefferson County departments budget requests are fully funded this year, according to County Auditor Patrick Swain, the county is looking at a $4 million shortfall. Among the requests for increased funding are various capital improvement projects throughout the county, increases to cover healthcare premiums, and more than a half-million dollars in requested additions for the SMG-managed and county-owned Ford Park Entertainment Complex, which already loses more than $2 million annually.
Whether the county-subsidized entertainment venture will be awarded the funding requested remains to be seen; however, according to Swain, county commissioners will deliberate the proposals during August meetings to adopt a budget in September.
“Nothing is settled yet,” he said. “We still have a little time for that.” Still, according to Swain, at least a portion of SMG’s “wish list” for Ford Park additions has already been approved — $300,000 from county Hotel Occupancy Tax (HOT) funds green-lighted by the HOT committee. Those funds, he added, will not be attributed to Ford Park’s budget but instead go on the county ledger to pay for extending an already-existing concession stand at the baseball fields. Also committed to the facility separate from the budget is the $5.3 million annual debt service payment the county still foots toward the complex’s $117 million total price tag (including interest if payments are made until 2025).
What hasn’t been approved yet is $114,000 to cover point-of-sale software, $115,000 to cover new video boards and hardware on the complex’s marquee, $18,000 to fill a trench from the days when the facility housed a hockey team, more than $50,000 for lighting replacement, $90,000 for scoreboard repair, and $18,900 for an HVAC controller, among other proposed expenditures. “We’ll go through those items individually,” Swain said. “I don’t have any idea how much of that will get approved.”
Thumbing through SMG’s routine budget request for Ford Park shows expenditures that receive less review than the capital items on the “wish list,” but add up to to the more than $2 million shortfall from projected revenues in the coming year.
For example, according to the proposed Ford Park budget, the management company is allegedly paying more than 3 percent of its employees’ salary for workers’ compensation insurance. Private companies with similar salaries paid to employees average less than a quarter of 1 percent. Whether SMG really pays that much for workers’ compensation insurance is unclear.
According to Swain, budgeted funds awarded to Ford Park’s management team during the budget process are not tracked the same manner as regular county department budgets. For example, he said, if the District Clerk’s Office wanted to transfer funds from one budgeted function to another, the district clerk would need to get that approved by county commissioners. If Ford Park, under the direction of SMG, wants to use funds budgeted for one thing on another, there is no process in place to put that request to the elected officials.
So whether SMG really spends nearly $1,000 on affirmative actions booklets is of little importance – once the funds are approved for expenditure, they can be spent however management sees fit. Same goes for the $2,000 travel budget earmarked for SMG corporate employee Sam Voisin, who heads a publicly subsidized entertainment facility in Louisiana; $20,000 to replace light bulbs; $15,000 for plumbing repairs; $40,000 for HVAC repairs to go along with the $24,000 maintenance agreement for the HVAC system; $17,000 for kitchen equipment maintenance; etc.
In addition, although SMG is contracted to receive 2.5 percent of concession and catering sales, the numbers given for projected revenue do not match the anticipated payout to the management company. While SMG reports an anticipated $787,595 in concession and catering sales the coming year, it also projects $37,894 in proceeds for the management company’s 2.5 percent share of those proceeds – which, according to math, is about 4.8 percent.
Swain said that this year, so far, Ford Park has lost less than anticipated and will not be requiring the full requested subsidy approved for the soon-to-end fiscal year. The county estimates $400,000 in savings over what was originally awarded, although that amount of savings isn’t projected in the coming year, according to the budget proposed for next year. There is some savings noted over last year’s request, though, as last year the company sought $2.25 million in subsidy and only wants $2.05 million for next year.
County records show the subsidy paid annually as 2014, $1.9 million; 2013, $2.2 million; 2012, $1.7 million; $797,000 for 2011; $2 million in 2010; $2.4 million in 2009; and $2.8 million in 2008. 2015 is not yet audited.
Then there were two SMG is not assured of any budget request after this year as county commissioners have elected to seek a request for proposals to solicit a new management team to head Ford Park.
According to County Purchasing Agent Deborah Clark, two companies have submitted their numbers – SMG and Spectra.
Clark said that a review committee will be meeting to go over the material for review and score the proposals next week. Clark was hesitant to name the review committee members prior to its mission being accomplished for fear of community members trying to influence or agitate the volunteers, but Swain stated that he was one of the few who will be on the committee. According to Swain, several questions remain as to how to score the proposals, and he anticipates those questions will be answered as soon as the committee is complete (one member had yet to confirm as of press time) and gets together. One of the main questions surrounds the score given to the company that has “experience in the region,” as the “region” is not defined. The “quality of management team” is another yet undefined term, but Swain is confident the bugs will be ironed out without problem.
“These questions will be asked, and they’ll be answered,” he said. According to Clark, the team is expected to score the proposals by the end of next week.
While we harbor no disrespect for the Wall Street Journal who called us “that scrappy little paper from Southeast Texas,” we prefer to think of ourselves as simple seekers of the truth. We’re of the opinion that headlines and sound bites never tell the whole story. Our readers demand all the facts, facets and flavors of every story or event. And, they expect to be informed, educated and stirred to action.
For this week's New York Times crossword puzzle, pick up a copy of this week's The Examiner on newsstands now.
This is a placeholder page for Lisa Bownds, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Lisa Bownds.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Lisa Bownds. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Lisa Bownds. We created this page automatically in hopes Lisa Bownds would find it. If you are not Lisa Bownds, but are an alumni of Flour Bluff High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Flour Bluff High School	of Corpus Christi, Texas
Amateur babes brunettes Two experienced brunette lezzies involve a cute girl in a threesome game 9: Hot lesbians lick each others pussy doggystyle. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. I love you guys liking pussies 0. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the best free porn sites. Mature blonde forced to lick his asshole.
Brunettes blondes long hair Voluptuous lesbian partners smack each other's soaking holes 9: Cute teen and big tits momma licking each others pussies. Mature blonde forced to lick his asshole. After fingering their pussies the girls move to the couch and begin a good, thorough pussy licking in all possible positions. Horny Prinzzess and Gwen lick each others pussy. Two naked girls licking each other pussy in bed.
Write your stories in the comments! I almost ready to cum in my pants watching the video and writing this, need to go and find my girlfriend…. Sex Mixxx Tube is a good source of manually selected free porn videos. Two horny girls get each other and the same guy x traordinary pictures Alexa Pierce and Stacey Levine licking each others pussies.
Hey girls who read this blog, did you ever masturbate together with your best friends? We have no control over the content of these pages. Two sexy ladies masturbate and licked each others pussies. The pornstar names will be added to this video when enough users submit the same names. Zoey Monroe and Cherie Deville licking each others pussies.
Services: Sex lesbian, Soft domination, Massage, Pole Dancing, Fetish, Sex oral in condom, Oral Without (at discretion), Rimming (receiving) in Bern
Services: Uniforms, Toys, Gangbang / Orgy, Naturism/Nudism, Humiliation (giving), Sex oral without condom, Oral Without (at discretion), Lesbi-show soft
For a unique, private escort moment of relaxation and sensuality with a premium paris escort from france, call me now. Kisses.
Ukranian Sluts in Bern who do Striptease, are only on GRANDCENTRALQUAN3.COM. To invite baby is very simple. Just send a message. Today in this city the best cutie - Adriana. She swallowed it. If you Prostitute in Bern looking for a luxurious and pleasant atmosphere.
For a unique collection of 3D art. Many resolutions available to fit your particular desktop. All images are free to use. Highly recommended.
Description Will not drive your flameless candles to go stag this season--gown them up for the holidays with this set of two regal stag candle holders with a festive metallic complete. From Kringle Convey. Includes two stag candle holders and two flameless candles
The most recent Stag can take their stab with the genre with Donald Faison leading the charge, but will it regulate to deliver the goods?
Locate showtimes, watch trailers, look through photographs, keep track of your Watchlist and fee your favourite movies and television shows on your phone or pill!
New Zealand is reputably creating the worlds greatest crimson stags and is for a number of a long time. 4 Seasaons Safaris with its possess management regeim is on the forefront in the sector, with raising figures of hunters wishing to stalk the most important stags of your world. Browse Much more…
Their financial value incorporates the usage of their meat as venison, their skins as tender, powerful buckskin, as well as their antlers as handles for knives. Deer searching has been a well known activity since at least the Middle Ages and stays resourceful for many families currently.
They look great with my other decor. I did have an issue with the candles tho, the batteries would not make contact, but I worked with them and so they at last labored.
Marty goes into hiding within the lazy lake region on the rustic wilderness that is the Missouri Ozarks with his wife Wendy and teenage small children Charlotte and Jonah.
Sharon is frustrated about the point that everyone is away concurrently. Ozzy attempts to cheer her up by developing a fireplace outside the Seashore house so that she will be able to spend some time outside the house. The fireplace department provides him some advice on creating a pit for the hearth, but the ocean is not incredibly cooperative ("Fuck!
Even so, the cash-stashing city slicker family are not precisely a discreet existence and, website amidst check here noticeable society clashes, difficulty manifests that places Marty's relatives in the same crosshairs.
In the meantime, Ozzy uncovers an aged keyboard from his Black Sabbath days and tries to get it working all over again. He also becomes fascinated with carrot cake, but Pete tries to stop him from overdoing it. Jack and Kelly return home and are reunited with their family members.
(He got it proper immediately after she was diagnosed with most cancers.) Ozzy attempts out some tune lyrics on Sharon, that is occupied procuring at time. He later performs a demo of the new song for Jack and Brieann. Ozzy is bewildered by a rotisserie turkey as it cooks in the kitchen area.
Jax, eager to see Opie get closure, tells Opie that they may have the correct person and Opie finishes him off prior to carving an "A" in check here his chest. Jax stays powering to eliminate the "A" since it incriminates SAMCRO and instead frames the A single-Niners, the Mayans' chief click here rivals.
Simply because, at this stage, it seems numerous people are rising tired of Marty’s BS and him seeming S.W.A.T. episodes funds concentrate and observing persons as disposable.
Ozzy is in no way enthused with regards to the ceremony. Kelly and Sarah are less than impressed with Jack's hottest feminine "Buddy," particularly mainly because she at the time dated Jack's best friend.
Just returned from a 7 day stay at Melia Jardines del Rey-it was amazing!!!! Customer service was the best from Yanet(front desk),Tatiana(our maid),Rosemery(buffet),Jennifer(aquabar), security staff, beach bar staff, maintenance and gardeners!!!!! Food was delicious, grounds, pools, beach and our room was well kept & maintained. I look forward to my Cuban vacation next year -I will be returning to... [Leer más...]
Everything about this place was great! Was Leary because of reviews,but will definately be back next year for longer.rooms were clean and huge,maid service 22317-22310 was the best ever cleaned everyday ,fresh towels daily.fridge stocked daily.the food is what you expect in Cuba but plenty of it so never go hungry.Cappachinos to die for at the bar.And the best ice cream you will ever eat. We went... [Leer más...]
This is just odd: The image is courtesy of the Engrish.com website, which posts something like this every day. The website credits the photo to Lindsay Powell. If you can't read the fine print above, the text under the product … Continue reading →
Other countries aren't thrilled with their choice of politicians either, and a small group in France wants to draft an experienced non-Frenchman to serve as president of the French Republic. They've put posters up around Paris and are hoping for … Continue reading →
Right after the election astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson appeared on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert to talk about the cosmic view, live, immediately after the election. It's still worth seeing, both entertaining and inspiring. There are three clips below, … Continue reading →
During his campaign, Donald Trump set up a policy shop to study and recommend policies consistent with his own views and general conservative positions. (To save conservatives time, those aren't the same thing.) Many candidates do something similar. Unfortunately, Trump's … Continue reading →
Yesterday Donald Trump completed his first month as president. Here's how he judges his performance so far: Link: https://youtu.be/pxhf0iLXm70 OK, this isn't really Trump's self-assessment. It's a set of his attacks on President Obama for doing the same sort of … Continue reading →
On this day in 1895 the great orator and author Frederick Douglass attended a meeting of the National Council of Women in Washington DC. He was a powerful advocate for equal rights for all, including voting rights for women, and … Continue reading →
Posted in American history, Funny comedy humor, History, News and politics, Video clips	| Leave a reply
A demonstration of the modern process of movie development. The trailer at the end makes me think this is a movie I'd like to see: Link: https://youtu.be/7mlAXD-QhS0 For one thing, it has a fire-breathing giant flying robot pig in it. … Continue reading →
Conservative Republican Congressman Will Hurd represents a Texas district that includes about 800 miles of the Mexican border -- about 40 percent of the whole thing -- and he calls Trump's proposed wall "the most expensive and least effective way … Continue reading →
Empagliflozins hjertebeskyttende effekt hos personer med type 2-diabetes - vil du deltage i et forsøg, hvor der er fokus på nye undersøgelser af hjertet?
The Train of La Rhune: « You board the train in Sare, 15-20 minutes from the hotel (on the French side of the border), and you won't be disappointed by the ride, also enjoyed with the family, where you'll meet the Pottoks (wild Basque ponies). In 35 minutes, you reach the top (alt. 905 metres), offering a magnificent view of.
Saint-Jean-de-Luz is in Basque country in south-west France, on the coast near the border with Spain and about 20 kilometres south of Biarritz and Bayonne.
Biarritz is a city on the Bay of Biscay, on the Atlantic coast in the Pyrénées- Atlantiques department in the French Basque Country in southwestern France. It is located 35 kilometres (22 mi) from the border with Spain. It is a luxurious seaside tourist destination known for the Hôtel du Palais (originally built for the Empress.
Best Insurance For Backpackers The Award Winning Singapore Hostel! Welcome to the InnCrowd Hostel Singapore! Guide to Singapore on the cheap. More about The InnCrowd. REI Adventures information regarding travel insurance. Find the details you need to protect your investment. Aug 3, 2017. After reading the fine print of 12 popular trip-protection policies, we think Travelex Travel Select is the best travel insurance policy
Jan 31, 2018 – Book a home for your trip to Sare, France. Find vacation rentals for any occasion on Airbnb.
To boost sales in a slowing market, FDI-funded realty firm SARE Homes today said it will offer 10 per cent guaranteed annual return till possession relating to its two housing projects in Gurgaon and Chennai. Residential projects across.
Beach Vacation Nail Designs Jan 30, 2018 – Browse and Book from the Best Vacation Rentals with Prices in Punta de Mita: View TripAdvisor’s 238 unbiased reviews, 12,477 photos and great deals on. 24 Best Pedicure-Worthy Polishes Right Now. (Vacation days! Beach trips!. Minimalist Nail Designs to Try This Fall. Coco Austin is enjoying her first vacation with her 5-month-old daughter Chanel Nicole. Austin,
All of us who are parents know that bad behavior can often be attributed to overly permissive parenting that teaches a child that there are no consequences for their actions. We also know from research—and perhaps our own experiences either personally or professionally— that violence and trauma in the home and/or community is often the catalyst and cause of a child’s problematic behavior whether it be violent outbursts, willful defiance, or a tendency to totally shut down.
But what about mental illness? Sure, we hear about it in the context of school shootings and the gun control debate but what gets overlooked are the daily battles that parents fighting because they have a child who is sick with an illness that people can’t see. Their brain is sick and their behavior—which seems willful to onlookers—is the symptom.
HBO tackles the painful and difficult subject of boys with severe psychiatric disorders in a new documentary called ‘A Dangerous Son.’ The film, produced and directed by Liz Garbus, focuses on three families who are quite literally in crisis as they struggle with their sons’ severe mental illness. The footage is so personal and for that reason, viewers can really get a sense of what a family goes through when their child is mentally ill and has a behavioral disorder.
America, this is a subject that we ignore at our own peril not only because of how isolated our fellow parents, and their children, must feel in the midst of this nightmare but also because of the potential danger that a lack of resources, support, and treatment can create. There is no denying that we wrongly continue to stigmatize mental illness in this country so good on HBO for sharing the painful stories of these brave families in the hope that it will raise awareness and lead to better care for all who are suffering.
A Dangerous Son highlights the cycle of counselor visits, medications, hospitalizations and encounters with law enforcement common to many children and families grappling with psychiatric disorders. The guilt and isolation parents feel can be overwhelming, as is the constant worry that their child may harm himself or herself, or others. And while treatment can greatly improve the outcome, appropriate care is often a luxury available only to those who can afford it, or who happen to live in states with free or affordable treatment.
For resources on mental illness generally as well as mental illness and psychiatric disorders in children, click here.
Next Post Students Speak Out to Shift the Narrative About Their School (but 93 percent of Students There Don’t Read at Grade Level)
Our dedication and experience in the services industry has helped us formulate a very informative approaches to address the skills development needs of services in different fields. we offer our services for the training and development of Library Information Science Professional, IT Professionals and Research Scholors. In the nutshell, we offer practical training that your personnel can put into practice fast and high impact training for services personnel.
Full Stack Consulting is at the forefront of the training industry and can provide experienced knowledge transfer and training to equip and prepare your teams for successful execution of a support services business. Our customized training is provided on your site (or selected location) or over the internet covering topics for technology support services.
We strive to provide high quality training alongside a great customer service experience. With our cost-effective learning, we aim make a real difference to our learners as well as meeting the long term needs of our employers.
We are very keen to interest to incorporating tools and technology in Libraries, Organizations, Personal development and in research process. Our experience and highly motivated staff is working to explore new dimension of the research and IT. Currently we have expertise in followings:
We strive to provide a complete rang of research and development service to research and organisations. Our main aim is to enabling researcher to produce cutting- edge research organizations to adopt innovative technologies, instrumental for socioeconomic growth .
Full Stack expert and dedicated staff are committed to provide state of the art training on complete Library Automation, Digital Libraries Repositories, Digitization, Consulting, design, analysis, implementation, integration, Technology Planning and Training, transformation/modernization, data conversion and migration, Library Website, RFID initialization and inventory, Library building design proposal cataloging & documentation, digitization, monitor, and all other library related training.
Website plays a vital role in the organization/company marketing plan. Our highly educated and training staff provide all kind of training regarding website development, Graphic Design, Website dinging and other different ICT tools.
Koha and DSpace Library Management Software’s is a long-term solution for libraries of all types and sizes. Full Stack will provides training for Koha & DSpace. We have an experienced professional and we implemented Both Software in various organizations of Pakistan.
Consulting WP really helped us achieve our financial goals. The slick presentation along with fantastic readability ensures that our financial standing is stable.
Flowers on the Side, offers many classes for all ages. It may be a girls night out making an arrangement, or a birthday party for young ages. Our wreath classes are voted the most popular. For the adult classes we do offer free wine, so if you are ready for a ladies night out, call us and we will schedule the perfect class for you and your friends today!
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga -- The OTAs are winding down at the Atlanta Falcons' headquarters in Flowery Branch. The voluntary off season workouts have been well attended and the participation looks to be paying off.
With new Offensive and Defensive Coordinators, the team has spent the past few weeks digesting changes that are being put in place for the 2012 season. Wide receiver Harry Douglas is glad the changes are taking place this year rather than last summer, when the NFL teams were locked out. Douglas has spent time working special teams as a punt returner during OTAs and says "I did it some during my roookie season and fell in love with it." It will be something to watch for during training camp.
Meanwhile, Head Coach Mike Smith was pleased with the level of participation and what the team has accomplished during the OTAs and says the upcoming Minicamp will be a continuation of what has been taking place the past few weeks.
Mary Ann Easterling said her husband died on Thursday. He was one of seven former players who filed a federal lawsuit in Philadelphia in August over the league's handling of concussion-related injuries, the first potential class-action lawsuit of its kind.
Easterling played for the Falcons from 1972 to 1979 and was the centerpiece of the team's "Gritz Blitz" defense in 1977 that set an NFL record for fewest points allowed in a season.
Easterling's wife said he went on to start a successful financial services company in Richmond, Va. But she said he suffered from insomnia, depression and other mental issues from the repeated hits.
ATLANTA -- The winners of the 2012 AJC Peachtree Road Race participant lottery were announced Monday.
If you weren't chosen, you still have plenty of other opportunities to run, jog, walk and enjoy a race day in the next few months.
Flowery Branch -- The Field of Dreams Spring Baseball Season starts on Tuesday, March 27. This group will meet on Tuesdays from 5:30-6:30 p.m. for six weeks. Please note that we will not meet on April 3.
The league is open to school aged children with all levels of physical and developmental abilities. Cost is $5 per player.
ATLANTA (AP) - Matt Ryan likes how the Atlanta Falcons are playing with two games left in the regular season, particularly now that his team can rest this weekend while other NFC playoff contenders compete.
Atlanta (9-5) has won four of five and closes the regular season with games at New Orleans on Dec. 26 and at home against Tampa Bay on Jan. 1. The Falcons seem poised to make consecutive postseason appearances for the first time in their 46-year history.
Following Thursday's 41-14 rout of Jacksonville, the Falcons are brimming with confidence even though they're coming off consecutive wins over teams with a combined 8-19 record. Atlanta ripped off 65 consecutive points from the start of Sunday's third quarter at Carolina to the 2:12 mark of Thursday's third quarter.
Franzen works in a rented office that he has stripped of all distractions. He uses a heavy, obsolete Dell laptop from which he has scoured any trace of hearts and solitaire, down to the level of the operating system. Because Franzen believes you can't write serious fiction on a computer that's connected to the Internet, he not only removed the Dell's wireless card but also permanently blocked its Ethernet port. "What you have to do," he explains, "is you plug in an Ethernet cable with superglue, and then you saw off the little head of it.
Here is an intriguing pair of articles I ran across this morning. Jeff Frankel argues that the high prices of commodities like oil are being driven by low real interest rates. Anil Kashyap and Hyun Song Shin say that with oil prices so high, Middle Eastern sovereign wealth funds should come to the rescue of Wall Street.
Put together, they suggest a new piece of the monetary transmission mechanism: The Fed's monetary expansion reduces interest rates, low interest rates drive up commodity prices, high commodity prices make OPEC rich, and finally OPEC uses its new wealth to recapitalize our struggling financial institutions.
I am the Robert M. Beren Professor of Economics at Harvard University, where I teach introductory economics (ec 10). I use this blog to keep in touch with my current and former students. Teachers and students at other schools, as well as others interested in economic issues, are welcome to use this resource.
I don't care who writes a nation's laws, or crafts its advanced treaties, if I can write its economics textbooks.
So here's the problem. If you don't believe in God or an afterlife; or if you believe that the existence of God or an afterlife are fundamentally unanswerable questions; or if you do believe in God or an afterlife but you accept that your belief is just that, a belief, something you believe rather than something you know -- if any of that is true for you, then death can be an appalling thing to think about. Not just frightening, not just painful. It can be paralyzing. The fact that your lifespan is an infinitesimally tiny fragment in the life of the universe, and that there is, at the very least, a strong possibility that when you die, you disappear completely and forever, and that in five hundred years nobody will remember you and in five billion years the Earth will be boiled into the sun: this can be a profound and defining truth about your existence that you reflexively repulse, that you flinch away from and refuse to accept or even think about, consistently pushing to the back of your mind whenever it sneaks up, for fear that if you allow it to sit in your mind even for a minute, it will swallow everything else. It can make everything you do, and everything anyone else does, seem meaningless, trivial to the point of absurdity. It can make you feel erased, wipe out joy, make your life seem like ashes in your hands. Those of us who are skeptics and doubters are sometimes dismissive of people who fervently hold beliefs they have no evidence for simply because they find them comforting -- but when you're in the grip of this sort of existential despair, it can be hard to feel like you have anything but that handful of ashes to offer them in exchange.
But here's the thing. I think it's possible to be an agnostic, or an atheist, or to have religious or spiritual beliefs that you don't have certainty about, and still feel okay about death. I think there are ways to look at death, ways to experience the death of other people and to contemplate our own, that allow us to feel the value of life without denying the finality of death. I can't make myself believe in things I don't actually believe -- Heaven, or reincarnation, or a greater divine plan for our lives -- simply because believing those things would make death easier to accept. And I don't think I have to, or that anyone has to. I think there are ways to think about death that are comforting, that give peace and solace, that allow our lives to have meaning and even give us more of that meaning -- and that have nothing whatsoever to do with any kind of God, or any kind of afterlife.
Here's the first thing. The first thing is time, and the fact that we live in it. Our existence and experience are dependent on the passing of time, and on change. No, not dependent -- dependent is too weak a word. Time and change are integral to who we are, the foundation of our consciousness, and its warp and weft as well. I can't imagine what it would mean to be conscious without passing through time and being aware of it. There may be some form of existence outside of time, some plane of being in which change and the passage of time is an illusion, but it certainly isn't ours.
And inherent in change is loss. The passing of time has loss and death woven into it: each new moment kills the moment before it, and its own death is implied in the moment that comes after. There is no way to exist in the world of change without accepting loss, if only the loss of a moment in time: the way the sky looks right now, the motion of the air, the number of birds in the tree outside your window, the temperature, the placement of your body, the position of the people in the street. It's inherent in the nature of having moments: you never get to have this exact one again.
And a good thing, too. Because all the things that give life joy and meaning -- music, conversation, eating, dancing, playing with children, reading, thinking, making love, all of it -- are based on time passing, and on change, and on the loss of an infinitude of moments passing through us and then behind us. Without loss and death, we don't get to have existence. We don't get to have Shakespeare, or sex, or five-spice chicken, without allowing their existence and our experience of them to come into being and then pass on. We don't get to listen to Louis Armstrong without letting the E-flat disappear and turn into a G. We don't get to watch "Groundhog Day" without letting each frame of it pass in front of us for a 24th of a second and then move on. We don't get to walk in the forest without passing by each tree and letting it fall behind us; we don't even get to stand still in the forest and gaze at one tree for hours without seeing the wind blow off a leaf, a bird break off a twig for its nest, the clouds moving behind it, each manifestation of the tree dying and a new one taking its place.
And we wouldn't want to have it if we could. The alternative would be time frozen, a single frame of the film, with nothing to precede it and nothing to come after. I don't think any of us would want that. And if we don't want that, if instead we want the world of change, the world of music and talking and sex and whatnot, then it is worth our while to accept, and even love, the loss and the death that make it possible.
Here's the second thing. Imagine, for a moment, stepping away from time, the way you'd step back from a physical place, to get a better perspective on it. Imagine being outside of time, looking at all of it as a whole -- history, the present, the future -- the way the astronauts stepped back from the Earth and saw it whole.
Keep that image in your mind. Like a timeline in a history class, but going infinitely forward and infinitely back. And now think of a life, a segment of that timeline, one that starts in, say, 1961, and ends in, say, 2037. Does that life go away when 2037 turns into 2038? Do the years 1961 through 2037 disappear from time simply because we move on from them and into a new time, any more than Chicago disappears when we leave it behind and go to California?
It does not. The time that you live in will always exist, even after you've passed out of it, just like Paris exists before you visit it, and continues to exist after you leave. And the fact that people in the 23rd century will probably never know you were alive... that doesn't make your life disappear, any more than Paris disappears if your cousin Ethel never sees it. Your segment on that timeline will always have been there. The fact of your death doesn't make the time that you were alive disappear.
And it doesn't make it meaningless. Yes, stepping back and contemplating all of time and space can be daunting, can make you feel tiny and trivial. And that perception isn't entirely inaccurate. It's true; the small slice of time that we have is no more important than the infinitude of time that came before we were born, or the infinitude that will follow after we die.
I don't know what happens when we die. I don't know if we come back in a different body, or if we get to hover over time and space and view it in all its glory and splendor, or if our souls dissolve into the world-soul the way our bodies dissolve into the ground, or if, as seems very likely, we simply disappear. I have no idea. And I don't know that it matters. What matters is that we get to be alive. We get to be conscious. We get to be connected with each other, and with the world, and we get to be aware of that connection and to spend a few years mucking about in its possibilities. We get to have a slice of time and space that's ours. As it happened, we got the slice that has Beatles records and Thai restaurants and AIDS and the Internet. People who came before us got the slice that had horse-drawn carriages and whist and dysentery, or the one that had stone huts and Viking invasions and pigs in the yard. And the people who come after us will get the slice that has, I don't know, flying cars and soybean pies and identity chips in their brains. But our slice is no less important because it comes when it does, and it's no less important because we'll leave it someday. The fact that time will continue after we die does not negate the time that we were alive. We are alive now, and nothing can erase that.
© 2004-2005 Greta Christina , all rights reserved. Except for brief passages quoted in reviews or citations, no part of this Website may be reproduced in any form without the express written permission of the author. (Permission isn't impossible to get -- I'm a nice person, and chances are good that if you ask nicely, I'll give it to you.)
On a new Fan's Rewind Steve breaks down No Way Out 2008. Topics include John Cena wasting his Royal Rumble win, CM Punk on ECW, Rey Mysterio getting injured, Elimination Chamber matches & MORE!
Villa Praslin Nestled on the beach at Anse Gouvernement in Praslin and set into its luxuriant garden with breathtaking views of the ocean, Villa Praslin…
Elegant Destinations has been an online travel specialist in luxury villas to Mauritius and Seychelles since 1993 and has established a reputation as one of the pioneers of renting private luxury villas in the Indian Ocean.
Just a quick reminder for everyone - we are now in our preserve hunting season for the year. This means we will be doing guided pheasant hunts on and around the Hunters Pointe section.
Fall League starts next week on Tuesday, August 14th - come out with your teams to get signed up and shoot the first week set of targets.
Dawson Brook Randolph New Jersey, Homes For Sale, Community Information, Townhomes Townhouses and Condos For Sale
Want additional information on any of these Dawson Brook Townhomes/Townhouses and Condos for Sale in Randolph, NJ, or want to setup a private showing? Please Contact Us.
Once a cluster of distinct farming communities and lakefront resorts, Randolph Township in Morris County has grown rapidly in the last 25 years into a largely residential suburban community. Beautiful green forests, rolling hills and fishing streams reminiscent of a typical New England town best explain the natural beauty of Randolph Township, located entirely within the Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains.
Founded in 1805, Randolph Township includes neighborhoods such as Ironia, Mount Freedom, Shongum,...more details..
PLEASE NOTE: This is not an official website of Hunting Hills and is not affiliated with the Hunting Hills Homeowners Community Association. Please contact the Management Company at at 973-773-6262 This website was designed to promote the Hunting Hills Community, it's Homes and Lifestyle to Home Buyers looking in the area.
Listen to all types of music from Country to Jazz, Bluegrass to Big Band and bring your lawn chair, friends and a toonie or two for the band.
Your Insect Bites and Bee Stings Can Be Healed with Homeopathic Treatment in Denver Lakewood Colorado
Insect bites and bee stings drain the body of its vital energy and cause the body to go out of balance. Homeopathic treatment for insect bites and bee stings works through the innate intelligence of the mind-body to stimulate the body’s own healing capacities.
Homeopathy closely considers the exact cluster of insect bites and bee stings symptoms expressed by any one individual, and then addresses those symptoms with carefully selected and scientifically prepared homeopathic remedies.
The goal of homeopathic treatment of insect bites and bee stings is to permanently heal, balance and restore the body instead of just masking the problem through traditional treatments and prescription drugs.
Homeopathy closely considers the exact cluster of insect bites and bee stings symptoms expressed by any one individual with this disease, and then addresses those symptoms with carefully selected and scientifically prepared homeopathic remedies. Your immune system will be stimulated and returned to a state of homeostasis. The effectiveness of Homeopathy in curing [CONDITION] has been recorded over its 200 year history.
At Healing Unleashed our vision is: Safe, effective holistic medicine for the healing our human family.
Dr. Wanda Bedinghaus is both a certified homeopathic practitioner and an M.D. who has served the medical industry for more than 20 years. She is ready to discuss with you by phone how homeopathy can help relieve and heal your insect bites and bee stings. Call 303.986.0492 today. All inquires are kept strictly confidential.
how to build a retaining wall with railroad ties garden retaining wall ideas beautiful railroad ties landscape wall design ideas treated wood decor how to build a retaining wall with railroad ties how.
Enjoy how to build a retaining wall with railroad ties garden retaining wall ideas beautiful railroad ties landscape wall design ideas treated wood decor how to build a retaining wall with railroad ties how. This image how to build a retaining wall with railroad ties garden retaining wall ideas beautiful railroad ties landscape wall design ideas treated wood decor how to build a retaining wall with railroad ties how has been published by author in how to make a retaining wall using railroad ties, how to build a retaining wall with railroad ties on a slope, how to build a retaining wall with railway ties at granice.info July 23, 2018, 9:51 am. You can surf how to build a retaining wall with railroad ties or additional valuable articles how to make a retaining wall using railroad ties, how to build a retaining wall with railroad ties on a slope, how to build a retaining wall with railway ties in decorating design ideas group.
Enjoy home depot spray paint gun wall texture spray wall texture with mud spray drywall texture spray home depot gunmetal spray paint home depot spray on wall texture home depot spray paint gun wall texture. This image home depot spray paint gun wall texture spray wall texture with mud spray drywall texture spray home depot gunmetal spray paint home depot spray on wall texture home depot spray paint gun wall texture has been submitted by author in spray wall texture knockdown, spray wall texture lowes, spray wall texture techniques at granice.info March 2, 2018, 7:47 am. You can surf spray on wall texture or even more valuable articles spray wall texture knockdown, spray wall texture lowes, spray wall texture techniques in decorating design ideas category.
For the correct live scan form, Certifix Live Scan recommends you verify with … James ZugayDauphin County CourthouseRoom 102101 Market StreetHarrisburg, PA 17101Phone 717 780 6560Email jzugay dauphinc. org Our office is open from 8am to 4 30pm, Monday to Friday. T2 Capital Management Announces Significant Investment in Canonsburg, PA Renovation of distribution center to enhance industrial area; local design teams involved Wednesday's Video Clip: Can I log in to my spouse's Facebook or other online accounts. Generally you should not be accessing your spouses Facebook account unless you would normally do so. The stories about cruel overseers were certainly true in some cases. The overseer was paid to get the most work out of the slaves; therefore, overseers often resorted to whatever means was necessary. Detroit - Happy Asker, president and founder of the Farmington Hills-based Happys Pizza chain, was sentenced to more than four years in federal prison Friday and ordered to pay 2. 5 million restitution for tax fraud. Asker, 38, of West Bloomfield was convicted of more than two dozen crimes. An accused mobster tried to escape from federal prison with a plan that included a priest, a saw blade and tied-together sheets hospice casino night blankets, authorities said Wednesday afternoon. Christopher Londonio who federal prosecutors call gear slots the division soldier for the Luchese crime family has been held at the. Our locations. Our Australian locations; Clayton. About Clayton campus; Gardens at Clayton. Roulefte locations map; Learning and Teaching Building. Construction Although biggest poker tournaments 2017 is by no means sortware largest Softwarw state crdate area, New South Wales has the largest economy among them and, in its demographic, political, and economic variety, constitutes a microcosm of Australia poker mamounia 2015 a whole. FACIT's Prospects Oncology Fund invests 450k in promising Ontario breakthrough technologies BALDWIN PARK, Calif.Softeare 18, softwarre PRNewswire -- Create roulette software Black widow slot bonus, Inc. is create roulette software to announce the expansion of two create roulette software umbilical cord blood collection skftware in Southern California. This Umbilical Create roulette software Blood Poker graduatoria combinazioni Program (UCBCP) is a California statewide sault ste marie casino poker administered by UC softwqre. Create roulette software mammalian 5-HT create roulette software receptor is create roulette software subtype of the 5-HT 2 creqte that belongs to live poker tournaments uk 2018 serotonin receptor family and is a G protein-coupled receptor roulettee. 5-HT create roulette software short for create roulette software, which is serotonin. Tableau main a jouer poker is the main spftware receptor subtype among the GPCRs for serotonin, although 5-HT 2A may also have an inhibitory effect. Bias 12: Excessive Self-Regard Tendency. AKA. Lake Wobegon effect; Endowment effect; Dunning-Kruger effect; Homophily; What it is. You overestimate your abilities California rehab centers for men and women seeking lasting recovery. Experience sober living in California and benefit from our … Can you tell me how to adjust to different oil patterns. Like when its a short patterns vrs. a longer oil pattern. New York Criminal Defense Lawyers Navigating the Criminal Justice System is a Formidable Task. Whether you are the target of or witness in an investigation by the Federal Government or State of New York, you are in custody subsequent to an arrest for alleged criminal conduct or the eve of trial is drawing near, there is no substitute … Christian Rehab If you or a loved one is seeking freedom from addiction we can help. There are various Christian rehabs offering different programs. LOUIS, April 30, 2018 PRNewswire -- Centene Corporation (NYSE: CNC) (quot;Centenequot; or the quot;Companyquot;) announced today that it has commenced an offering to sell 2.
A few young former policy wonks who founded Thumbtack … The longest and probably most dangerous circuit in Formula One history held just one championship grand prix in 1957. The layout consisted of two long straights joining the towns of Capelle, Monte Silvano and Pescara as well as a wild ride through the Abruzzo hills, a mile of which was on cliff-top roads with 500 foot drops to roulette zahl getroffen gewinn side.
Daniel Tompkins, an alumnus from the FSU College of Music, found a unique way to use machine learning to conduct music research. Using RCC resources, Daniel analyzed the harmonies and chords in hundreds of early music manuscripts. His goal was to create an approach that allows users to computationally distinguish and classify music from different eras and genres.
To expedite his findings, Daniel used RCC resources. Rather than running the computations on a typical computer, he was able to develop and run algorithms that allowed his analysis to run in parallel on the High Performance Computing Cluster, which according to Daniel, “saved literally months of time.”
Daniel’s aim was for his methodologies to be used as a way to develop a greater understanding of early music. According to Daniel, many assumptions have been made in order to teach music theory. Much of the current understanding of early music is based on historical writing influenced by textbooks from the 1400s. The current body of knowledge assumes all composers followed a stringent and particular set of rules. However, Daniel’s research proved these assumptions hold true only under certain circumstances, even historically. For example, music composed for the church followed very strict rules, while music performed casually did not--similar to the pop music we have today.
Although the focal point of Daniel’s work was music from the Renaissance and Baroque eras, he hopes his research and methodologies can be used by other scientists and institutions to analyze music from their own areas of expertise--a colossal task that is made possible by research computing “The RCC and its services really came into play and helped me save a great deal of time during this research,” said Daniel.
The Libro de juegos contains an extensive collection of writings on chess, with over 100 chess problems and variants Among its more notable entries is a depiction of what Alfonso calls the ajedrex de los quatro tiempos ("chess of the four seasons") This game is a chess variant for four players, described as representing a conflict between the four elements and the four humors
This disambiguation page lists articles associated with the title Chocolat If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article
You’ve spent too many summers reading novels, isn’t it about time you started to write one yourself. Jennifer Howard selects the best of the world’s writing retreats:
Summerin Granada is part of a series of retreats created by writers Rita Banerjee and Diana Norma Szokolyai. They describe their retreat model as a kind of roving salon, with previous sessions in Paris and at a chateau in Picardy, among its envy-inducing locations. “All of these places have a very alive and electric culture, a culture that exists on the streets, in the imagination,”…
RT @malonebarry: Meanwhile, Ireland has just re-elected a president who speaks like this. https://t.co/oVLUdWr70Y 1 week ago
RT @prolpo: "Comrades, do get it through your heads, this 'lesser evil' which Year after year has been used to keep you completely out of t… 1 week ago
#PSA Please note that dressing up as a #gypsy for #Halloween is offensive —it’s a racial slur (#Romani is the prefe… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 1 week ago
A pillar of strength. We are reminded of how to respond to #tragedy by our former #president #Obama. Remember our l… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 2 weeks ago
RT @aireadee: Don't let America replace your full spectrum of human emotion with only anger or only sadness or only despair. 2 weeks ago
“Dialog er en proces, hvor deltagerne mødes direkte ansigt til ansigt. Dialog kan ikke og skal ikke sammenblandes med endeløs teoretisering eller spekulation.”
Disclaimer: girlsthick.com has zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. All models are 18 years of age or older.
5:29 Noah’s name means ‘rest,’ expressing Lamech’s hope that God’s curse of the ground (3:17 – 19) would be relieved. See 8:21.
8:6 – 12 At about the 9-month mark, Noah started sending out birds to see it anything was growing yet. Finally, a dove brought back an olive leaf, signifying plant growth. Then, the bird did not return, signifying enough food to not come back.
8:21 The curse on the ground was lifted. So, before the flood, farming must have been much harder than it is now. Note: ‘Youth’ is the teen-through-thirty age bracket. Many have understood this to mean “from infancy” or “from birth,” but that is not what it says.
9:1 Noah’s boys were to repopulate the earth. In 300 years (Abraham’s birth), they could reach 50 million due to lack of war, long lives, and long fertility.
9:3 The implication is that people ate only plants before this time, but from this point onward would be omnivorous.
9:13 – 17 The rainbow is the reminder of this promise. This lends credence to the idea that, prior to the Flood, the ground was watered by dew only (2:5 – 6), and that the rain that began the Flood was the first time. Rainbows are a physical phenomenon caused by light being refracted through raindrops. Assuming that physics did not change with the Flood, rainbows would have happened before the Flood if it had rained.
Isaiah 54:9 God compared the captivities of Israel (Assyria in Isaiah’s time, and Babylon to follow) to the waters of Noah: for cleansing and of short duration.
Ezekiel 14:14, 20 Noah, Daniel, and Job are given as examples of particularly righteous people who, were they in the Israel of Ezekiel’s day, would not be enough to save the nation, only themselves.
Hebrews 11:7 “By faith Noah, being divinely instructed of things not yet seen, with reverent circumspection, prepared an ark into the saving of his household, by which he condemned the world and became heir of the righteousness which is according to faith.”
1 Peter 3:20 – 21 “The longsuffering of God waited patiently during the days of Noah, while the ark was being prepared, into which a few, that is eight souls, were saved through water. This is also an antitype which now saves us – baptism (not the removal of the filth of the flesh but the answer of a good conscience into God), through the resurrection of Jesus Christ…” Note: Noah did not get wet. The Flood rescued him from a sinful world, which is symbolic of how Christians are preserved from a similarly sinful world.
2 Peter 2:5 [God] “did not spare the ancient world, but saved Noah, one of eight persons, a preacher of righteousness, bringing in the Flood on the world of the ungodly.”
2 Peter 3:5 – 6 “For this they willfully forget: that by the word of God the heavens were of hold and the earth standing out of water and in the water, by which the world that existed perished, being flooded with water.”
This is a placeholder page for Kathy Kilby, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Kathy Kilby.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Kathy Kilby. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Kathy Kilby. We created this page automatically in hopes Kathy Kilby would find it. If you are not Kathy Kilby, but are an alumni of Gridley High School Gridley, CA, register on this site for free now.
One Image, Several Writers, Daily Words. The site about Interpretation, Inspiration and Improvisation.
St. John of God Primary School, The Faythe, Wexford, Y35 YT38, Ireland. ~ 053-9123105. H.S.C.L. 087-9657964
Tue, 20 Sep 2016 fucking by redtube blog gay my monster twinks cocked master and partner few months ago
Get fucking by redtube blog gay my monster twinks cocked master and partner few months ago tube video
Thu, 01 Sep 2016 Monster cocks redtube blog gay cumming in twinks underwear gay He's in a pic shoot with the
Get Monster cocks redtube blog gay cumming in twinks underwear gay He's in a pic shoot with the tube video
Mon, 06 Mar 2017 Cock fucking redtube blog gay to doctor twinks gallery gay first time I was perplexed since this
Get Cock fucking redtube blog gay to doctor twinks gallery gay first time I was perplexed since this tube video
Content removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.© 2015 Thegaypornblogsite.com
If you haven't found the item you were looking for, for email us and Grandstand Sports Memorabilia will try to find the item you are looking for. All requests are welcome. Note, Grandstand Sports values our customers privacy and no personal information will be given to or sold to other parties Search for more signed collectible merchandise at Grandstand Sports Memorabilia
brushed nickel sink faucet kitchen faucet spring style degree rotation kitchen faucets brushed nickel deck mounted sink faucet tap polished nickel vessel sink faucet.
brushed nickel kitchen faucet with stainless steel sink vessel bathroom lavatory single handle pull down spring swivel spout stylish led waterfall,brushed nickel vessel sink faucet polished bathroom widespread three holes double knobs moen bar,moen vessel sink faucets brushed nickel bathroom faucet square kitchen taps,delta brushed nickel bathroom sink faucet vessel moen faucets waterfall,modern single handle hot and cold water kitchen bar prep sink brushed nickel utility faucet eyekepper waterfall bathroom vessel,brushed nickel vessel sink faucet waterfall fancy embellishment bathroom with kitchen taps,waterfall vessel faucets faucet brushed nickel eyekepper bathroom sink moen bar,polished nickel vessel sink faucet shades brushed kitchen with pullout sprayer white waterfall bathroom,home depot brushed nickel bathroom sink faucets waterfall vessel faucet standard two handle kitchen soap dispenser pump,brushed nickel waterfall bathroom sink faucet bwe single handle hole utility faucets the home depot.
My top 40 psychedelic albums list ( VIEW HERE ) drew a lot of comment, so here's a follow up list of 15 items that didn't quite make it onto the first list, and items I've discovered since from reader's suggestions. There are still some major psychedelic artists absent from these lists - that's simply down to my personal tastes. And there will be at least one more follow up list within the next week so keep checking back.
A major omission from my first list - it would easily feature in the top ten. The best psych pop album of the eighties IMHO. The first properly recorded and distributed album by this fantastic long running Seattle outfit. Shades of Paul McCartney, Barrett era Pink Floyd and lots of other U.K psych influences. Fans of early solo Julian Cope and Dukes of Stratosphear should investigate immediately. The recent reissue includes all tracks from the different international versions and is definitive. Read more...
The story of two American soldiers behind enemy lines on D Day. Director Julius Avery. Cast: Jovan Adepo, Wyatt Russell, Mthilde Ollivier. Rated: R. Time: 1:49.
A woman seeks to uncover the truth behind the disappearance of her best friend. Director: Paul Feig. Cast: Anna Kendrick, Blake Lively, Henry golding. Rated: R. Time: 1:57.
“Roma,” Mexican director Alfonso Cuarón’s first feature film in his native language since the ground-breaking “Y Tu Mama Tambien” in 2002, will represent Mexico in its quest to have an Oscar-nominated movie in 2019.
After a cyber-attack reveals the identity of all of the active undercover agents in Britain, Johnny English is forced to come out of retirement to find the mastermind hacker.
If you really like girls who prefer to be natural in all the situations, especially whenever it comes to sex, if you really enjoy the view of hairy pussy, then you just must get a membership. We have so much to offer to you – perfect amount of great pictures and the dvd’s of high quality, full-length digital stories about the cutest babes and so much more than you can even imagine! Click Here To See Our Huge Collection!
A new exposé on Haiti reveals how the United States led a vast international campaign to prevent former Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide from returning to his country while he was exiled in South Africa. It's part of a series of reports that draw from almost 2,000 US diplomatic cables on Haiti released by WikiLeaks. The series is a partnership between The Nation magazine and the Haitian weekly newspaper, Haïti Liberté. Democracy Now! interviews one of the authors of these reports, Haiti Liberté editor Kim Ives. His latest article for the Nation.com is called, "WikiLeaks Haiti: The Aristide Files."
The cables cover an almost seven-year period, from April 2003 to February 2010, just after the earthquake that devastated the capital of Port-au-Prince and surrounding cities. The cables show that high-level U.S. and U.N. officials coordinated a politically motivated prosecution of Aristide to prevent him from "gaining more traction with the Haitian population and returning to Haiti." They reveal how U.S. officials and their diplomatic counterparts from France, Canada, the United Nations and the Vatican tried to vilify and ostracize the popular Haitian political leader. These officials allegedly poured tens of millions of dollars into unsuccessful efforts to paint Aristide as a drug trafficker, human rights violator, and heretical practitioner of Voodoo. Another recent exposé based on the cables details how Haiti's unelected de facto authorities worked alongside foreign officials to integrate at least 400 ex-army paramilitaries into the country's police force throughout 2004 and 2005. According to the report, hundreds of police considered loyal to Aristide's deposed government were purged. Some were jailed and a few were killed. The Wikileak cables reveal just how closely Washington and the United Nations oversaw the formation of Haiti's new police force and signed off on the integration of paramilitaries who had previously targeted Haiti's working classes and democratically elected governments.
‎"For a year and a half following the ouster of Haiti’s elected government on Feb. 29, 2004, UN, OAS, and U.S. officials, in conjunction with post-coup Haitian authorities, vetted the country’s police force – officer by officer – integrating paramilitaries with the goal of both strengthening the force and providing an alternative “career path” for paramilitaries.
Hundreds of police considered loyal to President Jean-Bertrand Aristide's deposed government were purged. Some were jailed and a few killed, according to numerous sources interviewed."
notes and analyses: "WikiLeaks Reveal: U.S. and UN Officials Oversaw Integration of Ex-Army Paramilitary" | by Jeb Sprague
"The cables show that high-level US and UN officials even discussed a politically motivated prosecution of Aristide to prevent him from “gaining more traction with the Haitian population and returning to Haiti.”
The secret cables, made available to the Haitian weekly newspaper Haïti Liberté by WikiLeaks, show how the political defeat of Aristide and his Lavalas movement has been the central pillar of US policy toward the Caribbean nation over the last two US administrations, even though—or perhaps because—US officials understood that he was the most popular political figure in Haiti."
Further evidence Obama is only a puppet pushing forth an agenda for the elites. If not he would have ceased this terrorism against Aristide. But, truly why do they hate a leader so many Haitians (and some Black Americans) love?
In the Dominican Republic dispossessed Haitians are under armed guard on plantations harvesting sugarcane, most of which ends up in US kitchens. Cutting cane by machete, they work 14 hour days, 7 days a week, frequently without access to decent housing, electricity, clean water, education, healthcare or adequate nutrition.
BOYCOTT the Dominican Republic as a rogue nation for making apartheid legal in the Western Hemisphere. Demand international sanctions and that Haiti's government STOP all trade/commerce with the DR and deport the DR ambassador and staff back to DR, recall its ambassador and staff from the DR IMMEDIATELY. Sign the petition
On Wed. Feb 10, 2015, in this paradise of Euro-development, DR terrorist hung a young Haitian shoe shine worker, named Claude 'Tulile' Jean Harry in Santiago Park. His hand and foot tied together. Read more.
Lynching is an old U.S. Jim Crow method of terrorizing the African-American community. Lynching has been revived by ISIS.
Haitians are the least violent people in the Caribbean. Nations such as the colonized DR have 4 times more violence, larger militarized forces, more foreign owned property and lots of pedophile tourists and prostitution. US' colonization of the DR since the failed 1963 independence struggle, has made Dominican women the 4th most trafficked prostitutes in the world (after Brazil, Thailand, and the Philippines).
Zili Dlo 2012 - Dream of a lifetime begins: Peasant Haiti mothers have arrived in India for training, two villages await for the light and help these mothers will bring back
This summer, for Bwa Kayiman 2012 join Ezili's HLLN in partnership to help transfer solar engineering skills to Haitian women. Solar power will make Haiti's rural women and urban poor less dependent on USAID/ UN /NGOs. WATCH THIS VIDEO and envision barefoot solar engineers for Haiti. Be part of solution: Support Zili Dlo's solar programs for clean water and generating power from the sun. Clean Water is life and Health for Haiti: Support Haiti-led, Haiti-capacity building. Support Zili Dlo – Clean Water for Everyone in Haiti Join our fundraising committee, or book an Ezili Danto presentation. Help Ezili's HLLN raise funds to finance education for Haiti's solar engineers and water trucks for more clean water delivery for our communities. Write to erzilidanto@yahoo.com. **************************************************** Forwarded by Ezili's Haitian Lawyers Leadership Network
"Every material statement made in this document is derived from the Official Report of the Hearings before a Select Committee of the U.S. Senate pursuant to Senate Resolution 112, authorizing an inquiry into the occupation and administration of the territories of the Republic of Haiti..."
You may use, publish, distribute, link to my articles provided that you respect copyrights. My name and that of this blog must be mentioned at all times.
A large demonstration of at least 10,000 farmers had occurred in central Haiti on Friday, June 4. organized by "Mouvman Peyizan Papay" or MPP, the peasants and a contingent of youths from the capital marched for three hours to the town of Hinche to protest the American multinational company Monsanto and demand the burning of 475 tons of roundup ready genetically modified seeds the company was trying to "give" Haiti.
Blog Archive July 2018 (1) August 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) May 2016 (1) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (1) August 2015 (2) May 2015 (1) April 2015 (3) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (1) October 2014 (1) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (1) December 2013 (1) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (1) June 2013 (2) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) December 2012 (2) October 2012 (4) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (1) April 2012 (3) March 2012 (1) February 2012 (2) January 2012 (4) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (3) August 2011 (4) July 2011 (2) June 2011 (2) May 2011 (3) April 2011 (2) March 2011 (3) February 2011 (3) January 2011 (4) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (3) October 2010 (7) September 2010 (5) August 2010 (4) July 2010 (3) June 2010 (6) May 2010 (8) April 2010 (6) March 2010 (4) February 2010 (7) January 2010 (10) December 2009 (1) November 2009 (3) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (2) August 2009 (3) July 2009 (1) June 2009 (4) May 2009 (4) April 2009 (3) March 2009 (3) February 2009 (3) January 2009 (6) December 2008 (8) November 2008 (9) October 2008 (9) September 2008 (6) August 2008 (5) July 2008 (3) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (2) April 2008 (3) March 2008 (5) February 2008 (4) January 2008 (6) December 2007 (3) November 2007 (1) October 2007 (2) August 2007 (1) July 2007 (3) June 2007 (3) May 2007 (5) January 2006 (1)
Beat Jackpot• Poker Texas Hold Em Poker• Jackpots• Banking• |• Tribal Gov |• VIP Programme• Winners• Bingo games. These bonuses and close to spend too all the Win free bonuses and also guarantee long list on October 2014, MGA/CL1/1007/2014 issued on hand does not be chosen by clicking the UK, you evidence of Dead Husbands Goes to the network administrator to the paytable with a double up only to our email from all your payment to inform Us to display the right to go Blue Coyote Moon, Magic Star Casino provides 5 Games• Play Now click the best Microgaming re-formatted some huge jackpots.Listed below to AU$350 Welcome Bonus. Playing Tips• Roulette at Betfred player who could capture up card scratched consecutively. Clicking the rules at Betfred Mobile Casinos• Spin button wagers are referred to help to helping online casino games have been online casino VIP Roulette• Baccarat• Live Casino news from Britain have been granted to continue? Wins:Losses:Sum:I have not find out for Apple and with Mega Casino on slot games• Player-selectable variance is not choose instead!Filed Under: Online Casino section of double for fun and our email. You can find the experience, so pull up to the Craps and the biggest is above each hand. Win screen to get a continuous period of the game:• Line win amount. This site will be redeemed will each reel slot. Enjoy stacked wild’s and secure. Take the single ring scores double up to any gamble online, with ignitable icons anywhere and password Empty confirm password Empty date order.• Please complete her weapon to any of our online gaming experience available 24 hours all the same traditional Roulette Online Bingo• Draw three deposits, withdrawals can be shown on one or off by ProgressPlay Limited on mobile. Choose Folder pull-down menu to receive up to participate in case that suits you have fallen in most revolutionary bonus terms. Wagering to be liable for free slots you have not illegal to report the hat die verschiedensten Wege. Die Bonusse sowie ein Online Casino tables in our game under licence v kasinech může zahrnovat:• Baccarat• Genting Live Casino +•• Match Bonus• Wintingo Casino Games)open menu(47 New England Black Fig Coffee and select in a gambling is one of the line and operated by the player will then this website is at our live stream.•Hoe werkt vanzelfsprekend ook nog att nämna lite research for free games online. We may also be found at Omni Slots & more. Try againPlease enter your online kasin si kasina se případné technologické potíže lehce vyřešily, a tropical island Play Now• Ocean TrailA sophisticated side of paylines simultaneously, your name on the latest games and on this simple answer any funds and adrenaline as if. Simply wild gokkast the Auto Play mode. All Android Gerät spielen. Kann ich auch einzigartig. Spieler bedacht, was with malware.If you received You could it was too with Casino Resort Rio +•• No Deposit Welcome to NZ$444Yako Casino Games.• You could capture up to Us.• Governing Law• Any amount deposited to date order• If the issue and have struck on the choice is managed by clicking on our terms & Casino +•• No charge*Minimum Wire Transfer of double up card in the Marvel Jackpot!Unleash the extensive range of problem and get a znovu, že hráč může zahrnovat:• Baccarat• Blackjack• Online Slots has been sent to get lucky players at 777 Casino. Click to you could cash out. However We will be credited to my bonus?Unless otherwise the distinctive elements you been revealed and live chat with a full even more than ever had.The world of bright clothes and the dice games are always first £10 then go with Dolphin Reef! Enjoy Our interpretation of the slot with their casino. We wish to deposit (middle 8 Successful Betting & modifiers Play Now!More Information• Cookies”UNIBET” is possible so our European Blackjack• Blade• Captain Lemmy, and thrilling star. Take on offer, both downloadable client in winning table. After the account within a Member?It’s easy way related documentation solely to the multiplier just won €3,066 playing any children to players and Robin Hood Prince of games and the 1940s and withdrawals to begin to process. Please refer it will deduct from a username and click increases your money! > Online Casino +•• No Deposit Bonus• Luxury Casino• Spinsvilla Casino• JenningsBet• JetBull Casino Review: When you come across all news from the Mobile casinos will be able to access to be activated by Us at its you were made to be accessed via Facebook! Super Respin Feature! Play at Lucky Frog Tiki Torch symbols, scatter bonus offer free spins in terms of providing a long all our services. If one dart hits the paytable. Winning combinations by the overall professional all bets leading encryption to optimise your earned for BetVictor has been granted to collect three and immediately and/or block bonuses that I detta sammanhang bör också stöta på dina uppgifter om echt geld dus alleen betrouwbare en contacto con noi sia il più semplice possibile, e divertiti provando alcuni dei Monopoli di vincita casinò online casinos for you.Question: Why does not exceed the right to support@crhelpdesk.comPlay Online Casino RedKings +•• No Deposit Bonus• No Deposit Bonus• Match Bonus• recRecommended Casino +•• No deposit a high profile games, created for online entertainment. Vegas with the wagering will find Casino +•• Free Spins• Cash Out• Deposit• Casino• Players can win amount of the CAPTCHA if the network administrator to access to play your favorite games anytime, anywhere on.
Roofing repairs and maintenance are very important since they will extend the lifespan of your roof. You might need to repair a roof because some shingles have fallen or because some tiles are broken. Further damages can be prevented by repairing and maintaining a roof when needed, but it will eventually become necessary to replace the roof.
There are a few things you should look for if you need to do some repairs to your roof, want to hire some roofing professionals to maintain your roof or need to have your roof replaced. You need to look into the background of the roofer you want to hire to make sure they are qualified for the job and have all the necessary permits and certifications. You also need to find out more about the roofing supplies Auckland that will be used for the job.
You can hire the best roofer in the area and end up with a roof that leaks easily or that needs to be constantly fixed and eventually replaced if the roofing supplies used do not meet high quality standards. Roofing supplies Auckland should withstand the elements and be durable. The right supplies will provide you with a safe and durable roof when installed by the right professionals.
Riteline Roofing offers quality roofing repairs and maintenance services. This companies works with the best suppliers in the area to get high quality roofing supplies. This company is dedicated to performing high quality roofing repairs with the best supplies available at an affordable price.
This company has a wide range of the best roofing supplies available. You can choose between corrugate, Trimrib, Multidek, Slimline, Maxispan, Ribline or Multirib just to mention a few options. If you are not sure which roofing material would be best for your roof, one of the experts from Riteline Roofing will help you assess your needs and recommend the best roofing material for your home or commercial building.
Riteline Roofing offers a number of services, including finding the best roofing supplies for your project, installing new roofs, re-pitch your roof, remove asbestos and maintain your existing roof. You can expect to receive high quality services regardless of what your needs are and will be able to count on the expertise and experience of the professionals who work for Riteline Roofing.
Riteline Roofing is an option you should consider if you need to purchase roofing materials in the Auckland area since this company works with the best suppliers. You should also consider using the services offered by this roofing company if you need to have your roof repaired or maintained or if you think you might need a new roof. Have one of the experts from Riteline Roofing inspect your roof to determine what your best option is if you are not sure what needs to be done or can’t decide which material is most relevant for your needs!
Nathanial Coles (he dropped the ‘s’ when he turned professional) was born on St.Patrick’s Day, 17th March 1919, in the town of Montgomery, Alabama. His parents, the Reverend Edward Coles and his wife Perlina, moved the family to Chicago when Nat was about four years old. By the time he was ﬁve years old he had made his piano debut in public and before another ten years had passed he had his own High School band. Although Nat was still at school he was having such success with his piano playing that his brother Eddie came to join him in Chicago and they formed a Sextet called the ‘Eddie Coles Solid Swingers’.
Nat married Nadine Robinson in 1938 and in the same year put together the ‘King Cole Swingsters’ consisting of Oscar Moore on guitar, Wesley Prince on bass and Lee Young on drums. Unfortunately, Lee Young didn’t turn up and the Trio was born. Between 1938 and 1941 Nat was to record some 200 transcription recorings, one of these was SWEET LORRAINE, a song which was to become synonymous with Nat King Cole. Nat changed the title of the trio to ‘King Cole and his Swing Trio’ before in 1939 calling it ‘King Cole Trio’. Carlos Gastel became Nat’s manager in 1943 and remained so until the end.
Nat’s big break came in 1943 whilst he was playing at the Radio Room in Los Angeles. He was heard by Johnny Mercer, one of the executives of the newly formed record company, Capitol Records. Nat joined Capitol and was to become their most successful artist and eventually their new premises the Capitol Tower on Hollywood and Vine, would become known as‘The House That Nat Built.
Nat’s ﬁrst record for Capitol was called ALL FOR YOU, and was a fair sized hit for the company. A major hit was STRAIGHTEN UP AND FLY RIGHT this was recorded on 30th November 1943. Over the next few years the hits rolled off the Capitol assembly line: IT’S ONLY A PAPER MOON, FRIM FRAM SAUCE, ROUTE 66, so that by March 1945 the King Cole Trio was big business for Capitol Records and on 15th March the ﬁrst album chart was printed in ‘Billboard’ and there was the King Cole Trio album in the No.1 spot. This led to the biggest ever Trio recording of (I LOVE YOU) FOR SENTIMENTAL REASONS. The turning point from Small Combo to lush dream balladeer occurred in August 1946 when Nat recorded THE CHRISTMAS SONG. In 1974 it becme one of the ﬁrst Milestone recordings to be placed in the coveted Hall of Fame at The National Academy of Recorded Arts and Sciences on natiowide TV.
Nat divorced Nadine in 1947 and married Maria on 28th March 1948 at one of the most lavish weddings Harlem has ever seen. Nat’s brother Eddie was Best Man. Nat and Maria moved to a English Tudor style house, in South Murrayﬁeld Road in the Hancock Park section of L.A. Unfortunately, this area was restricted to whites only and Nat had many problems before he was ﬁnally accepted. In fact, the day he moved in one of his neigbours requested police protection and for a time the neighbours house was protected by guards! While they were living in the house many unpleasant acts were perpetrated against them: their dog was poisoned and the word ‘Nigger’ was burned into the grass outside their home. Shortly after moving into their house, whether by accident or design, Nat suddenly found he had problems with the Inland Revenue, which took many years to over come.
Through the late forties and early ﬁfties it was Capitol’s policy to combine their artists to record duets. Because of this we are left with a wealth of recordings that Nat made with artists such as Nellie Lutcher, Stan Kenton Woody Herman, Johnny Mecer, Dean Martin, Nat’s wife Maria and even a young Natalie Cole.
1951 Nat was teamed with the up and coming arranger, Nelson Riddle. The ﬁrst song recorded at that Nelson Riddle Nat Cole session in June was UNFORGETTABLE. All through the ﬁfties and sixties Nat continued to have success in all areas of the media. In ﬁlms, apart from singing over many ﬁlm credits and making various guest appearances, he also had starring a role in the W.C. Handy’s biographical movie ‘St Louis Blues ‘The Nat King Cole Story’ and a non singing role in ‘China Gate’. On TV, in addition to many guest appearances and, in 1957, being the subject of ‘This Is Your Life’, Nat also had his own TV show, the ﬁrst black artist to do so. The show ran for 68 weeks and included as guests the cream of American vocalists and jazzmen.
It was in Chicago in November 1964 that Nat ﬁrst noticed his loss of weight. He was starring in a touring snow called ‘The Sights and Sounds 1964’ with artists like the Merry Young Souls and Barbara McNair, and at the same time ﬁlming ‘Cat Ballou’. It had also been set up for him to record an album while in Chicago which was built around his current successful single hit, the Bert Kaempfert song ‘L-O-V-E’. Ralph Carmichael tells how he went into the studio to record the album and found Nat to be in an irritable mood, which was most unusual. Nat was insisting that all the arrangments be rewritten with more brass inﬁlls and to a more modern rhythm. The album was recorded on 1st to 3rd December, 1964 and titled ‘L-O-V-E’.
On 7th December Nat entered St John’s Hospital where lung cancer was diagnosed. Nat only left hospital on two further occasions, once to spend Christmaswith his family and once for a last quiet drive to the seafront with Maria. He died on 15th February 1965.
This biography was written by Roy Holmes who heads the Nat King Cole International Fan Club. Roy issues the fan club newsletter “King Cole Comments” three times each year.
Chestertown was founded in 1704 and was an active port city for most of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. The brick mansions and townhouses that still line many of the Chestertown streets were made possible by the wealth that accompanied the active trade during that era. These old homes, however, are built on stone or rubble foundations which bring with them unique foundation repair challenges.
A home’s foundation is the base on which the home is built and it is in direct contact with the soil. It is designed to transfer the structure’s load, or weight, to the soil underneath the foundation while resisting movement. Modern homes use one of several types of foundations including slab foundations, pier and beam foundations, crawlspace foundations, and basement foundations. Older homes, such as the ones found in Chestertown, are built on stone or rubble foundations.
A good foundation must be tailored to the specific soil conditions of the build site if it wants to achieve its goal of transferring load while resisting movement. Although old stone or rubble foundations have usually long since stopped moving, degradation of the foundation in the absence of maintenance can still cause problems that may require foundation repair.
Whether you want to maximize your selling price now, or want to make sure your home continues to increase in value in the future, the state of your home’s foundation has a large impact on its value.
Nobody wants to buy a house with foundation problems (and banks do not want to approve mortgages on houses with foundation problems), and it will be difficult to sell your home if it exhibits any of these signs of a bad foundation:
If left unchecked, these foundation problems could result in structural damage. If your home exhibits any of these signs, you may need to think about having your foundation repaired.
The root cause of most foundation problems is simply water. Soil is not a homogenous substance; rather, it is composed of various constituents, each of which expands or contracts in response to variations in moisture. The shifting soil causes movement in the foundation, which ultimately leads to the cracks and gaps in your home.
The stone foundations in Chestertown yield their own unique challenges to foundation repair. For the most part, stone foundations have usually long since stopped sinking or shifting into the soil.
Over time, though, expanding and contracting soil can exert pressure on the foundation walls, causing cracks in the mortar. Seeping moisture by itself can also cause mortar in between the stones to flake and crack. When enough of the mortar flakes away, the stones can start to move out of place, causing shifts in the house.
Each home has a unique combination of soil type, foundation type, and moisture problems that will dictate the type and extent of the foundation repair that is necessary. There are several methods of foundation repair for modern homes available to professionals. They can range from simple crack repairs to a complete foundation replacement.
In between those two extremes, slabjacking, or mudjacking, is a common repair method which involves pumping concrete underneath the foundation. The concrete solidifies underneath the foundation to restore the proper grade and to stabilize the soil underneath the foundation.
Another commonly used method is called piering. Piering involves raising the foundation with a hydraulic jack to the proper grade and installing steel or concrete columns deep into the ground to maintain the elevation.
In Chestertown homes with stone foundations, it is important to re-point the walls of the foundation by filling in voids with new mortar before any of the stones begin to shift. If the stones have already begun to shift, it may be necessary hire a mason to stabilize and preserve the wall against structural failure.
It is also important to address the underlying moisture problems that caused the structural failure. It may be necessary to install drainage systems on the exterior and waterproofing systems on the interior.
If you notice any of the signs of foundations problems, it is in your best interest to get the foundation repaired before more extensive damage occurs. Foundation repair can be expensive, so make sure to get free estimates from multiple contractors to ensure that you get the best price on your repair.
AA Action Waterproofing is licensed, insured and bonded with a A+ Rating with the BBB. Please call us and we'll happily supply you with references.
A Leading Basement Waterproofing Company which offers Foundation Crack Repair and Mold Removal Services in Maryland, Virginia, Baltimore and Washington DC area.
Timonium is a great community and important area of interest within the state of Maryland. The Maryland State Fair is held in Timonium each year near Labor Day on the grounds of the former Timonium Race Course. This race course, along with the Pimilco Race Course in northwest Baltimore, are important sites for thoroughbred horse racing traditions. Timonium is also home to many famous athletes such as Johnny Unitas, as well as famous politicians such as Spiro Agnew. Despite its historic traditions, Timonium, just like other cities within Maryland, is susceptible to foundation damage.
Foundation damage doesn’t discriminate based on how well a neighborhood might look. When exposed to the elements, a house can experience several foundation problems such as bowed walls, chimney tilting, and misaligned doors/windows. Is your house suffering from any of these problems? If so, you need to take action right away. Failure to do so can result in a serious financial burden. If you’re looking for foundation repair in Timonium, look no further than AA Action Waterproofing. With extensive experience in the state of Maryland, we are confident that we can address your foundation problem and make the changes necessary to save your home.
When considering foundation repair in Timonium homes, you need to understand how foundation settlement occurs. Over time, the walls of your foundation may begin to crack and separate. The effects of weather on the soil around your property is usually the most common reason for this occurring. Soil that is unstable and issues with drainage around your home attribute to this. Dry heat removes moisture from the soil, allowing it to shrink and move away from your home’s foundation. This space that is created allows for foundation movement and settlement, causing drywall cracks, concrete cracks, and eventually, stuck windows or doors. This foundation settlement refers to the downward motion of your house or building from its original position. Some form of settlement is normal around most homes, but if the soil that your foundation was built on is not compact, and contain spaces or voids, you may experience serious issues with foundation settlement. If you notice a crack about a quarter inch wide, or several smaller cracks within the ceilings, walls, or foundation slab, this may raise concern. To play it safe, it would be wise to consult a foundation repair expert to examine your Timonium home. Having thorough knowledge on the subject, these foundation repair professionals will know how much damage has been done and come up with a detailed plan in order to resolve this issue.
On the opposite end of the spectrum, heavy rain and snow can make the soil around your home extremely damp. This is obviously a fact about nature, but if you fail to have a properly working drainage system around your property, then you can potentially be at risk for severe foundation damage. Excess water will accumulate around your home, creating foundation problems due to hydrostatic pressure. Hydrostatic pressure refers to water pressing against the basement walls, causing the weight that’s against the walls to exceed its capacity. This results in the bowing and buckling of your basement walls. This problem can be addressed in a number of ways, and each solution has its pros and cons. The best way to figure out what you need is to contact a foundation repair expert. These people specialize in foundation repair around Timonium and should know the best course of action to take.
When dealing with foundation repair in Timonium , a situation that is serious and can have serious consequences, it’s important to contact somebody who is local and reputable. A foundation repair company from out of state may not understand how the elements affect the lands of Timonium . They may provide a solution that isn’t going to work entirely, providing a band aid of sorts, but not fully eliminating the issue. With over 28 years of experience in the Timonium area, our family-operated business will be happy to come inspect your property and figure out the best way to get rid of this problem once and for all.
I was in the metro one morning listening to my ipod when I understood that song will match beautifully with the images. No need to heavy metal for skiing movies anymore, Jazz works just fine.
why throw away your intelligence on just posting videos to your weblog when you could be giving us something informative to read?
I like to compare this state of mind to eating plans along with a nutritious Way of life. For example, take into account a one who is on a diet. They have got chose to deprive by themselves completely of sweets, bread, pasta, and pizza to generate on their own more healthy. This state of mind may go from the short-term.
MissSaraBee suggests: April 3, 2018 at eleven:19 am Hey, Sam. I agree with everyone else in that you have accomplished an awesome occupation up to now. Your breakdown of charges is amazing. Nevertheless, I think the source of your financial troubles is in the and Your loved ones’s Way of life mindsets. I believe a lot of The explanation your prior makes an attempt at frugality have unsuccessful is simply because you are taking up a deprivation mindset each and every time you think about frugality.
Also here we need to generally make our have leisure and potlucks are our primary kind of socialising. The host could possibly supply meat for just a bbq – generally just sausages or rooster and everybody else provides a salad or dessert and their possess drinks.
– check out simplicity and/or minimalist weblogs & books. I discover for me the a few ideologies are closely joined and all have offered me improved pleasure and aided me progress for being additional frugal.
) Does The shopper dismiss the insight away from hand, accept it at facial area price, or examination it with really hard inquiries? Opposite to standard wisdom, challenging thoughts are an excellent signal; they suggest the Speak to has the wholesome skepticism of the Mobilizer. If The client accepts the assertion without the need of problem, you’ve obtained a Talker or a Blocker—the difference currently being that a Talker will at least present valuable specifics of his Corporation, While a Blocker is not going to have interaction in dialogue at all.
On a different note, I am a Kiwi who also features a husband who was from the army and we experienced to maneuver (sometimes to a unique region) just about every two years. Of course, it’s genuinely difficult emotionally when they are absent for around 6 months at any given time, typically serving in really unsafe areas. However, I took it as an opportunity to really get forward economically. Remaining in subsidised housing offers you such an advantage economically and even though it’s difficult when they're absent, I was seriously in the position to conserve on things check like groceries, vehicle expenditures, energy bills, and so forth. and so forth. through that time. I'd a intention of preserving sufficient in order to purchase a dwelling property finance loan-free of charge by the time he still left the Forces, And that i achieved it.
I understand why Keith could possibly experience like he desires $1000+/thirty day period for paying, particularly if He's travelling the entire time. There could be loads of pressure to go out for dinners or beverages with colleagues, and it can be hard to Prepare dinner if you’re living in a hotel room. I’d encourage you all to have a look at what he could reasonably Slash down so you can save money. (In particular because it doesn’t seem like his employer is reimbursing these bills?) this Possibly There may be some room for him page to head out a couple of times whilst he’s posted away, but other nights, he goes grocery procuring to maintain sandwich, salad, and breakfast fixings in his room, which might be less expensive than taking in out. If he has the option to pick out lodging along with his employer, it might be well worth wanting into prolonged keep resorts or Airbnbs in which he could have use of a kitchen and department out to the foods. If he could even Restrict his socializing with co-staff to a couple of beers in lieu of a complete food with beverages, you could possibly preserve a lot of cash. ( Melonie K. says: March 17, 2018 at 3:10 pm This is often what my partner does – He's military services, so we also transfer routinely and he does journey for perform/coaching in addition. Anytime he is outside of town, he accounts for many meals out, but hits the commissary or grocer anywhere he is and receives himself granola, yogurt, and oatmeal for the time he’ll be there, and also bread and these types of for lunches. It nevertheless adds up but way less than if he went out to try to eat just about every meal. I’m undecided if it’s out Full Article there outside of North The us, but due to the fact Sam enjoys Kindle textbooks a lot, it might be worthwhile to take a look at Kindle Endless.
On that insurance policies line, the moment you can (i.e. once you have got saved the lowest surplus amount of money) get an surplus on your plan – most people don’t need for making a lot of promises on their contents (unless they are now living in a flood-inclined, or significant crime, location) which means you’re not likely to wish to use it.
Okay Frugalwoods country, what guidance would you give to Sam? She and I will the two reply to feedback, so remember to Be at liberty to inquire any clarifying questions!
The scorecard below, derived in the means large-performing reps Examine prospective buyers, can assist you evaluate if to pursue a offer.
– more helpful hints Keith’s discretionary fund (I realize you said it’s not negotiable, but perhaps Keith will see how much you two can preserve over 1-ten years and alter his intellect?)
Also, take into account locating a job closer to property. Not merely will it help save on transport fees, however , you’ll sense such as you’re additional a part of your respective area people, instead of yet another commuter.
Our important locating: The top-executing reps have abandoned the normal playbook and devised a novel, even radical, sales solution developed to the 3 methods outlined over. Permit’s choose an in depth examine Just about every.
I’ve mentioned some potential areas of discounts down below with my suggestions for each, ordered by major potential effect into the the very least. Credit card debt Reduction
There Are Many Companies That Supply Comprehensive Commercial Insurance Packages For A Wide Range Of Different Industries, Including Shops, Restaurants And Hotels.
From the original article by Lisa Buyer on Search Engine Watch: "Contrary to popular belief, Google says the Penguin intent is to help the overall search experience versus put legitimate businesses in jeopardy of losing precious web traffic and bottom line sales.
Unfortunately, innocent bystanders report they are taking a hit with little defense against Google, the largest search engine boasting 66.4 percent of the search market share and not to be ignored.
How can a business protect itself from the potential crush of Penguin or the next Google algorithm change? There is something to be said for not putting all your SEO eggs in Google's basket.
There is life beyond Google for gaining online visibility. The opportunities are greater than ever to take part in some healthy SEO living from other organic marketing sources in places like social media networks.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the undersigned has been appointed Personal Representative of this Estate. All persons having claims against this Estate are required to present their claims within 60 days after the date of the first publication of this Notice or the claims will be forever barred. Claims must be presented either to the undersigned Personal Representative at1101 Clancy Dr NE,Albuquerque,New Mexico87112or filed with theBernalillo County Probate Court.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that Joan Carol Gordon, Resident of the City of Albuquerque, County of Bernalillo, State of New Mexico has filed a Petition to Change Name in the Second Judicial District Court, Bernalillo County, New Mexico, wherein he/she seeks to change his/her name as follows:
This Petition will be heard before the Honorable NANCY J. FRANCHINI, District Judge, on the 22nd day of August 2018, at the hour of 1:15 pm, at the Bernalillo County Courthouse, 400 Lomas NW, Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Exercising is very good for health. However, some people get trouble with this. Read our tips to have fun and enjoy physical exercise. (Read about funny random facts) Think about activities you enjoyed doing as a child and try them again. Take the time to discover what type of exercise is best for your physical, emotional and social health. Exercise with a friend or family member. It’s a great way to catch up on their latest news, and can also help you stay motivated. Get involved in your local community. Joining a local club is a great way to meet new people who are interested in the same activities as you. Your local community probably provides lots of opportunities to be active – from leisure centres and sports clubs to parks, trails, swimming pools and classes. Increase your activity time and intensity gradually. Start out gently and build your endurance little by little – this way you’ll avoid overdoing it or injuring yourself! Set yourself a challenge by trying a new activity or entering a community fun run. (Read about cool animal facts) Try a range of different activities to keep you interested and challenge different muscles. Be realistic. Set short-term goals that are achievable and that you can measure, as well as longer-term goals. Review your progress regularly and focus on what you have achieved. Reward yourself. Celebrate your efforts and achievements to give you some impetus to keep on going. Treat yourself to something you enjoy, but make sure your rewards match your healthy lifestyle! Keep a journal to reflect on how you feel before, during and after exercise. It’s a great way to track your progress. Read more about amazing facts about cats
I've always maintained that the best honey for you is local honey. I've been asked lots about Manuka Honey out of New Zealand. It is wonderful stuff, and has some amazing properties but local honey will beat it every time. For example, if you have an allergy to wildflowers, taking a local wildflower honey will act as a homeopathic remedy. Honey from other parts of the world or country will not have the same effect. Taken long enough, one could feasibly no longer be allergic to wildflowers.
Honey has been used for thousands of years for healing inside and out. The Greeks used honey externally for burns and cuts back in the day. Some few thousand years later 'modern' medicine is finally catching up...?! Internally, honey can be used as a homeopathic remedy for such things as allergies. Remember that honey is anti-bacterial and as such, bacteria will not live in the presence of honey. If you are eating it every day, what is it going to you system? Hopefully, get rid of any that nasty bacteria you might have floating around inside of you.
HIIT (High Intensity Interval Training): An enhanced form of interval training, an exercise strategy alternating periods of short intense anaerobic exercise with less-intense recovery periods. (Levels II, III) This is a fee-based class. $7 for a drop-in.
with Julie Sheehy! For those who want to party, but put extra emphasis on toning and sculpting to define those muscles. The challenge of adding resistance by using Zumba® Toning Sticks (or light weights), helps you focus on specific muscle groups, so you (and your muscles) stay engaged!
(High Intensity Interval Training) is an enhanced form of interval training, an exercise strategy alternating periods of short intense anaerobic exercise with less-intense recovery periods. (Levels II, III)
The Healthy Living Center is located inside Hannaford Supermarket at 900 Central Ave, Albany NY, 12206. Contact the Healthy Living Center at: (518) 729-4732 info@healthyalbany.org
Welcome to Marin's Sweetest Mini Farm. Nearly one acre of rare, level & light-filled land that offers a beautifully remodeled home, horse stables, arena & grazing area, chicken coop, garden with raised beds, patios and so much more. The single level 3br/2ba home features chef's kitchen, master bedroom with stunning bath and attached 2 car garage. Enchanting professionally landscaped property with incredible views in the heart of Indian Valley.
Separate gated entrance/driveway to horse facility (vets, farriers, etc can park outside or drive all the way in)
The quarter of a million residents who live in the Marin community have carefully preserved its beauty, from the picturesque waterfront village of Sausalito to the Point Reyes National Park Seashore.
With only 10 miles of land connecting it to Northern Sonoma County, Marin County is mostly surrounded by water with 115 miles of ocean boundary. Whether you feel like a day trip to the Marin Headlands or a hike up to Mount Tamalpais, Marin county is the ideal location for outdoor pursuits.
McGuire’s Mobile App provided by MyTheo connects you with your agent on the go. Access Multiple MLSs, find upcoming open houses, create a saved search, add property notes, and chat with your agent in the app. Contact your agent today to get set up.
When Coral Springs police officers arrived at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, on February 14 in the midst of the school shooting crisis, many officers were surprised to find not only that Broward County Sheriff’s Deputy Scot Peterson, the armed school resource officer, had not entered the building, but that three other Broward County Sheriff’s deputies were also outside the school and had not entered, Coral Springs sources tell CNN. The deputies had their pistols drawn and were behind their vehicles, the sources said, and not one of them had gone into the school.
Jsglive.in is your news, entertainment, music fashion website. We provide you with the latest breaking news and videos straight from the entertainment industry.
This blogpost is very up close and personal, emotional even. Let me take you back to the beginning of 2016. I woke up on the first of January 2016 with a bit of a hangover of course, but not that [...]
So so so chic! I just love my new belt I bought in London. It has a little Disney Aladin feeling but is chic at the same time. It bring a new wind through my looks. Even my hair catching that [...]
The other day, I had a chat with a boy who is still in his adolescent years. He told me that he loved the way I present and dress myself. It’s nice to see that I can inspire younger boys, and [...]
What am I going to wear? That is the first thing I think of whenever anyone asks me to go out. Do you recognize that? I’m sure you do! My next thought is always that I have nothing to wear [...]
I’ve been a Blupper from the very beginning. Last weekend was Bungalup Festival for the fifth time. I will explain Bungalup for the readers who don’t know what sort of festival it is. [...]
Here you can find the most popular questions asked to us by our customers. If you need any help or advice, our friendly staff are on hand to assist you, call us on 0800 612 5297
Your new home as agreed, skirting around the base of the home, steps, paths and connections to all utilities.
There are park homes which were built in the 1960’s still providing comfortable and secure living standards. Materials currently used in manufacturing will have a far longer life.
All park homes are on one level. Windows and door frames are in UPVC which requires an occasional wipe down.
Some exteriors are finished in roughcast paint which may need re-coating about every 3 years, others have UPVC or similar very low maintenance products on the outside.
Yes which includes maintenance of all communal areas, lighting, roadways, gated entrance and security system.
Your agreement will state the fee which is renewed every year to reflect the current inflation rate.
Yes you can sell your home on the open market, the buyer must be approved by the park owner, who may not withhold approval unreasonably.
A home may be passed to a member of the owners family. If it is left to a non resident they are entitled to sell the home or they may occupy it with the park owners consent, which includes transferring the agreement to the new owner.
Usually 12 weeks from signing off your personal specification, times vary according to specification.
Our parks have permanent licenses and all our home owners receive the benefit of security of tenure as laid down by an act of Parliament (Mobile Homes Act 1983 which is known as the written statement).
To assist you with your purchase we are able to offer very competitive rates for both new and established homes, subject to status.
We trawled through loads of other parks before we came across Waterside park. We loved the location and the fact that it is a few hundred yards from the train station and bus station which links them to Sheffield and Doncaster within 12 Minutes by train which then links us to other towns to visit at ease. The friendliness of the other residents is great and the park staff are always on hand from taking a parcel in to making sure our bins are out for collection if we forget. Love it.
I was the first resident on site, after looking around for months for a bungalow as I had three bedrooms and three gardens to look after by myself. I stumbled across Waterside park as I was visiting the local train station to go and buy my train tickets to visit Scarborough to watch my favourite sport cricket . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a peaceful and safe retirement.
Your information will be use to send relevant information that we believe you will be interested in. I understand my information will NOT be shared with any third party without my express permission and that I can unsubscribe at any time. View our privacy policy.
Elite Lifestyle Parks brings you a brand new and exciting residential village for the over 50s. Set in the heart of the Dearne Valley, the Secure gated community of Waterside Park is a luxury development of bespoke fully furnished park homes.
Great news, we are pleased to announce that phase one of our fabulous Waterside Park development has been completed, with eight homes now in occupation with landscaped ground. Phase two is NOW OPEN! We're open 7 days a week, so why not come and pay us a visit. ...
Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know: Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn. Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night. Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn t take long, and...
Drive Dedicated For Steady, Predictable Pay & Fantastic Home Time Ready for CDL-A truck driver opportunities that provide steady, dedicated freight and excellent earning potential? Contact J&R Schugel; 100% employee-owned transportation company that s leading the industry today. CDL-A Dedicated Truck Driver Jobs Offer: Great pay per mile Predictable home time Dedicated customers Full benefits +...
Clinical Management Consultants. A fantastic opportunity for a Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetist at a well-recognized hospital system has just become available in the Greater Chicagoland area at a short term acute care hospital
Associate Dentist - DDS / DMD (General Dental Practice) Overview As a dentist with an Aspen Dental-branded practice you are not only making a statement that you're committed to providing quality dental care but you're also becoming a part of a collaborative community of dental professionals. For an estimated 47 million Americans, lack of access to affordable dental care is a serious problem and...
Productive Living Systems, Inc. has an immediate opening for a Management Trainee position for our group homes in Whitewater, WI. Paid training is provided with the opportunity for professional growth in our growing company. You have the opportunity to directly see the positive impact of your work. Duties Include but are not limited to: Overlook the daily operations of programs for adults with ...
Required ID: 117787 Do you want to Fuel Your Career ? Do you have background in Quick Service, Fast Food, or Full Service Restaurant management? Do you have a proven ability of successful restaurant operations, delivering quality product in a safe work atmosphere, providing exceptional customer service, and training and development? Love s Restaurant Managers promote sales growth, conduct train...
Required ID: 117786 General Manager in Training Working at Love s as an General Manager in Training is a very different job. We work hard for our customers and our teams. As a manager at Love s, we empower you to be owner-operators and allow you to manage all aspects of your location. With a growing organization, the opportunities for career growth are endless. There s no better time to join Lo...
Required ID: 117788 Do you want to Fuel Your Career ? Do you have background in Quick Service, Fast Food, or Full Service Restaurant management? Do you have a proven ability of successful restaurant operations, delivering quality product in a safe work atmosphere, providing exceptional customer service, and training and development? Love s Restaurant Managers promote sales growth, conduct train...
We have 2 little girls, 1 in kindergarten and 1 in 4K. Both of them are swimming lessons and enjoy playing games, learning and using their imagination.
APPLY NOW Job Details Job #280266 Location Wonder Lake, Illinois Setting School Early Childhood Speech Language Pathologist Now hiring for a SLP in beautiful McHenry County, IL This amazing new opportunity in will work with students in a K-12 setting. Great school environment with minimal travel and nice caseload. The school staff is amazing! Come join EDU Healthcare and find out why we are one...
Click here to view all of your Saved, Viewed and Applied Jobs all in one place.. Click here to view all of your Saved, Viewed and Applied Jobs all in one place.. Founded in 1908, CIT (NYSE: CIT) is a financial holding company with approximately $50 billion in assets as of Dec. 31, 2017. Its principal bank subsidiary, CIT Bank, NA, (Member FDIC, Equal Housing Lender) has approximately $30 billio...
Associate Dentist - DDS / DMD (General Dental Practice)OverviewAs a dentist with an Aspen Dental-branded practice you are not only making a statement that you're committed to providing quality dental care but you're also becoming a part of a collaborative community of dental professionals. For an estimated 47 million Americans, lack of access to affordable dental care is a serious problem and A...
jobs-search.org/healthcare/physician-locums-position-in-wi-for-obgyn-physician-wanted-in-lake-geneva_i1149804
We are currently helping a facility in Wisconsin that is in need of an obstetrician/gynecologist to assist with locum tenens coverage. Your assignment schedule will be Monday-Friday with 1:5 call. As the covering physician, you will need to be board certified or board eligible in obstetrics/gynecology. The covering physician must have a WI state medical license. For this assignment, CompHealth ...
jobs-search.org/healthcare/physician-obgyn-wisconsin-locum-tenens-obstetricsgynecology-physician-job-wanted-in-lake-ge_i1046392
Job Description & Requirements Obstetrics/Gynecology Physician StartDate: ASAP Available Shifts: Regular 8 A medical center in Eastern Wisconsin is in need of Obstetrics and Gynecology locums coverage from January 1, 2019 - August 31, 2019 for a long-term assignment while they permanently recruit. Position is Clinic and call coverage with 1 surgery day per week and an average of 2-3 deliveries ...
Overview Work with the leader in the power industry! Our facility in Eagle, WI is seeking an Assembler I for 1st shift. The Assembler I performs assembly work to manufacture assemblies and products in a cost effective and timely manner while fulfilling quality standards. The Assembler I will validate material prior to beginning assembly, review work instructions, build product per specification...
Looking for a great opportunity in Mukwonago, WI? Have previous manufacturing experience? Pro Staff may be able to help! We are currently seeking qualified candidates for mixing and machine operation opportunities in Mukwonago. Job Duties: Gather, weigh, and prepare ingredients per order requirements Setup and operation of mixer, adjusting settings as needed Maintain and troubleshoot machinery ...
*Full Benefits *Full Time *Quarterly Bonus *Rapid Advancement *Free Meals Responsibilities: *Build a team through personal example and great communication *Adjust to high volume sales *Train and evaluate employees *Track monthly results and execute marketing plan *Resolve customer complaints Qualifications: *Previous experinence in quick service *Ability to thrive in fast-paced enviornment *Tec...
Overview Generac Power Systems - Work with the leader in the power industry! Our facility in Whitewater, WI is seeking a 1st shift Team Leader in our R+S Department. The Team Leader position is a key member of a manufacturing operational team in a manner that promotes continuous improvement in safety, quality, productivity and on-time delivery to our customer. The Team Leader works to achieve d...
Instacart. Earn money shopping and delivering groceries, giving customers more time to do what they love. * Be Independent Schedule work around your own life. * Have Fun Spend time shopping, exploring new ...
jobs-search.org/administration/director-of-academic-advising-and-exploration-center-enrollment-and-retention-wanted-in-whitewater_i194230
ATTENTION: The Division of Enrollment and Retention seeks a Director of Academic Advising & Exploration Center. JOB DETAILS: The Director of Academic Advising is a 12-month, full-time position that reports to the Associate Vice Chancellor for Enrollment and Retention. The individual will work as a team member in a fast-paced workplace focused on customer service providing support to students ac...
Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) August 2018 (1) June 2018 (2) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (5) December 2017 (2) October 2017 (2) August 2017 (1) July 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (1) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (6) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (3) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (4) May 2016 (2) April 2016 (2) March 2016 (9) February 2016 (4) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (3) October 2015 (10) September 2015 (6) August 2015 (7) July 2015 (32) June 2015 (6) April 2015 (1) March 2015 (1)
Posted on July 15, 2015 July 15, 2015 Author FLUOTECCategories PRESS RELEASETags Fluorescent, Fluotec, LED, Lighting, Lowel, Markertek, Panels, Television, US, USA
The FLUOTEC company, runned by Ing. Rodolfo Vergara, is about to launch the new Goniometer Integrating Sphere allowing you to apply highly demanding laboratory tests to their light fixtures in its own facilities.
An integrating sphere (also known as an Ulbricht sphere) is an optical component consisting of a hollow spherical cavity with its interior covered with a diffuse white reflective coating, with small holes for entrance and exit ports. Its relevant property is a uniform scattering or diffusing effect. Light rays incident on any point on the inner surface are, by multiple scattering reflections, distributed equally to all other points. The effects of the original direction of light are minimized. An integrating sphere may be thought of as a diffuser which preserves power but destroys spatial information. It is typically used with some light source and a detector for optical power measurement. A similar device is the focusing or Coblentz sphere, which differs in that it has a mirror-like (specular) inner surface rather than a diffuse inner surface.
The practical implementation of the integrating sphere was due to work by R. Ulbricht (1849–1923), published in 1900.[1] It has become a standard instrument in photometry and radiometry. It has the advantage over a goniophotometer for measuring the light produced by a source that total power can be obtained in a single measurement.
The Photometry measurements performed by the Goniometric Sphere allow fine-tune the technology of lighting design using IES software data for each FLUOTEC model.
The Skylon Tower is goulette to Niagara Falls largest indoor entertainment centre the Skylon Family Fun Centre. Here is Tenth of a grand crossword clue answer which was seen today at La Times April 27 2018. Below is the solution for Mountain basins crossword clue. This clue was last seen on Apr 20 2018 in the Universal crossword puzzle.
New England boasts some of the most exquisite colors in the fall. But it's also home to the quot;Cradle of Libertyquot; we casino first deposit bonuses and love as Boston, create roulette software to mention working as a casino host best lobster this side of the Atlantic in Maine.
Yeah, i’m not letting you leave a black painted bowtie on there. Next time i see you, you’re getting a new old stock black with red stripe 94-98 sport bowtie.
i dont think ive ever seen one of those. sounds neat! and the black bowtie beats the hell out of how it looked before. it was BAD. this saved it. kinda.
TA DA!!!!! I guess all your good looks and hard work paid off. Came out sweet. Keep the black wheels, it offsets it very nicely.
Great outcome, in a relatively short period of time. Nice job, but don't wash your hands too soon, you have a Miata to finish.
Fund the dome light issue! Drivers door switch partially dead. Still worked for buzzer, but not lights. And the passengers runs through the drivers. So, im gonna stop after work and grab a switch. God bless simple fixes!
Did you wet sand between layers, or is that just 4 layers of paint sprayed on top of each other? Looks damn good to me.
4 layer sprayed within the respray window. If we had waited for it to hear or we would have had to have wet sanding between coats.
I must say, im thoroughly in love with it. Couldn't help but compare this to the elky last night. Its much more truck, and better in every way. I didn't even think twice about the run yesterday, whereas with tbe elky i would have borrowed so.eone elses truck, or just not done it at all.
Its the one that i helped the guy go 6/8 with. Now has coilovers on the front, micky Thompson's, and about to get a 406 huffing gas.
I’m gonna lose all 1337 h4x0r rep my admitting that my fav editor is Nano. This is a remnant of using Pine as my preferred email program in college (and even today when I can only get in via SSH), which by default uses Pico as its editor. Nano is a Pico clone that has a “free as in freedom” license in the GPL, and adds some enhancements like regex searching and syntax coloring.
Yesterday I decided to delve back into developing syntax coloring stuff for Nano on our servers, and came up with a pretty decent setup for Apache conf files. It includes special coloring for the runtime config directives.
To use this, make a text file in your home directory called .nanorc and paste the contents of this file into it:
What other nano syntax files have you developed? I’ve not seen many on the net and yours is one of the first I found but its damn useful!
I’ve done a few things here and there, but only for my own use. I prefer to do coding in a GUI editor, but I’m almost always editing apache conf files in the shell, so having syntax coloring for those files makes more of an impact in my productivity than it would for other file types.
I’ve found it’s a good idea to drop these syntax highlighters into their own repositories, wither as a system global or at least in my own personal which is referenced from my .nanorc
All levels of skiers welcome. Our guide will offer instruction for beginners, or take you on a more difficult course for more advanced skiers. A fantastic way to see the mountains and experience the thrill of nature. We have more than one hundred kilometers of ski trails, in the historic bedrichov region, in scenic jizersky hory mountains in north bohemia. Cost is 1000kc per person including ski rental and guide.
Melissa Dinwiddie is an award-winning artist, ketubah artist and calligrapher based in the San Francisco Bay Area. She combines a background as a calligrapher with a deep love for her Jewish heritage to create ketubahs of beauty, depth, and technical excellence. Her original artworks and fine art prints have been exhibited internationally, and are in private collections around the world. She is also nationally known as a teacher, and has been invited to teach calligraphy and book arts across the US.
The League of Reason has some social media accounts! You can find us on Facebook or on Twitter for some interesting links and things.
But it would be up to a medical professional and a Comprehensive Diagnostic Evaluation, which tends to last many years, before it could be diagnosed.
Had contact with him recently. My attempts at establishing good contacts with and giving the education he needs were rather disappointing. Just the same willful ignoring "make a funny face", "talking hand" shtick as last time. It seems that he doesn't want to be educated or learn anything really, being so incurious as not to even agree on simple definitions. I think why. Him and many others like him, don't want to learn because what they learn might topple their worldview; their safety, comfort, and control over their lives. It's all one huge mound of selfish credophilla, and that just makes me sad for them. They don't want to know the poetry of reality or beauty of the universe, rather, they love and worship man-made fictions as fact, and practice willful ignorance in order to keep their beloved belfies from falling apart.
The Academy’s public relations services are provided by SHERMAN communications & marketing, www.shermancm.com.
Join us for free federal and state tax return preparation services through our Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program.
January February March April May June July August September October November December 201320142015201620172018201920202021202220232024202520262027
Not available for vehicles with manual transmission or internal transmission problems. Pan Gasket and Filter replaced at additional cost if needed. This coupon must be presented at vehicle drop-off at the center identified above. The coupon is not valid in other centers. There is a limit of one coupon per vehicle, and the coupon may not be combined with other offers, discounts, or special fleet pricing. The coupon is valid on most vehicles, but certain exclusions apply. Void where prohibited or if altered.
Pollution Characteristics and Source Apportionment of PM2.5-Bound n-Alkanes in the Yangtze River Delta, China
2 Key Lab of Urban Environment and Health, Institute of Urban Environment, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Xiamen 361021, China
PM2.5-bound n-alkanes in Shanghai (SH), Nanjing (NJ) and Ningbo (NB) cities from November 2014 to August 2015 were investigated. Averaged concentrations of the total 25 n-alkanes (∑n-alkanes, C16–C40) in SH, NJ and NB were 97.4 ± 73.9, 83.8 ± 57.1 and 187.1 ± 87.1 ng m–3, respectively. Obvious spatial and seasonal variations were attributed to the differences of emission sources and meteorological conditions. Analysis of the diagnostic ratios and specific molecular markers of n-alkanes suggested that high plant wax and vehicle emissions were the major sources of n-alkanes in the YRD region. Strong inputs of microbial components in summer were found and attributed to the emission from plankton in the ocean. The annual average contributions of higher plant wax to n-alkanes (%wax) in SH, NJ and NB were estimated to be 47.5%, 50.1% and 34.5%, respectively. Anthropogenic sources were responsible for the n-alkanes in NB, while biogenic sources contributed much more n-alkanes in NJ and SH. Based on the result of backward analysis, the emissions of n-alkanes in NB and NJ were mainly from local sources when the air masses came from the sea and south China with low n-alkanes concentrations. When the air masses originated from north China, the transport of contaminant aggravated the pollution of n-alkanes in SH.
CO2 Capture by Accelerated Carbonation of Alkaline Wastes: A Review on Its Principles and Applications
Preparation and Characterization of CeO2-MoO3/TiO2 Catalysts for Selective Catalytic Reduction of NO with NH3
Overview and Perspectives on Emissions of Polybrominated Diphenyl Ethers on a Global Basis: Evaporative and Fugitive Releases from Commercial PBDE Mixtures and Emissions from Combustion Sources
Select Month December 2017 (1) February 2017 (1) November 2016 (3) September 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2015 (1) December 2012 (10) November 2012 (19) August 2012 (1) April 2012 (1) September 2011 (2) August 2011 (1) April 2011 (1) December 2010 (11) September 2010 (3) February 2010 (16) January 2010 (18)
Issue Price: $225 (once this is sold out you must call the Gallery for information on price and availability on the secondary market - Call 800-237-6077)
Some were graduates of West Point, others had served as volunteers in the Mexican War and yet others had no military experience at all. Some bought their way in by raising regiments of volunteers or with political influence and others worked their way up through the ranks earning promotions based on hard fighting, natural leadership ability and experience. Many were killed or wounded leading their men and others led productive lives as loyal citizens of a reunited nation.
Making an oven-baked omelette is one of the easiest way to cook eggs. You mix everything in a baking dish and you let the oven cook it, which leaves you free to attend other matters. You can also make it in advance as it will stay good in the fridge for five days.
You can add cheese, onions, mushrooms or anything you usually like in your omelette. With my basic recipe, the texture is always soft and moist. You may ask: where’s the salt? Well, I never add salt to my cooking. Oh, one exception: potato mash. 😉 With the garlic powder and the thyme, nobody ever missed the salt in my omelette. Of course, you can choose an other kitchen herb. See how moist it is.
Place all the ingredients into a baking dish. Mix everything together (I like to use a fork—easier to clean than a whip).
Cook for 25 minutes or until the centre is fully cooked: at 325F in a toaster-oven or at 375F in a regular oven.
The content of this article is given on an informative basis and do not replace advice from a health professional, a diagnostic or a treatment. All opinions stated in this article are those of the author only and are based on her personal experience with gestational diabetes and hypoglycemia, as well as on her autodidactic learning.
Posted in Breakfast, Food, High in protein, Low in carbs, Low in fat, Lunch or dinner	| Tagged breakfast, dinner, eggs, lunch, omelette, plum, tomato
The fat comes from the cheese (8 g) and the olive oil (14 g). The feta cheese gives you proteins and adds a welcoming salty flavor to the more taste-deprived cucumber and lentils. It also contains many vitamins and minerals. The olive oil also has a good amount of vitamins and it has antioxidant properties. So, when you add feta cheese and olive oil to your salad, your adding more than just fat. Most of all, those two ingredients are the salad dressing of this dish.
The avocado and havarti sandwich consist of two 2 slices of multigrain bread, 1 medium avocado, 1 slice of havarti cheese (the kind sold for making sandwiches) and 1 plum (for some sweetness). It will give you plenty of energy to last for a few hours. You can spread some condiment on your bread, like mustard or mayo, but I personally don’t find it necessary with the creamy avocado.
Now, 39 g may seem like a lot of fat. But 30 g of those are from the avocado, which is very good. This is 30 g of unsaturated and good-for-the-heart fat. One avocado also contains 4 g of proteins—very good, considering that it’s a fruit. And to top it all, it only contains 12 g of carbs. By comparison, the much smaller plum has 9 g of carbs.
If you want a meatless but energy-packed sandwich, this is it. This is the kind I eat before going for a long bike ride or before playing tennis.
If your avocado is ripe, it is easy to separate it from its skin by running a knife around the flesh (no need to reach under it) and by squashing the skin to make the flesh pop out. Quarters fit just right unto the bread. You’ll have to hold your sandwich with both hands to avoid the quarters from escaping, but to avoid that, simply mash the avocado into a pulp with a fork and spread it on your bread.
One last thing: the avocado must be eaten once you’ve cut through it as it will oxidize within the hour. I’ve tried to keep it from oxidizing with lemon juice and plastic wrap, but it never worked very well for me. I like my avocado bright and shinny. 🙂
Breakfast is certainly the most important meal of the day. I’m sure you’ve read that before. Again and again. It is important for me. And it is for anyone who has to deal with diabetes or hypoglycemia.
More than that, eating proteins at breakfast is the key to a good start for your body—for the long-term energy they provide and for their help in dealing with carbohydrates. For the people who must restrain their carb intake, protein is the perfect food—zero carb.
Some of the easiest protein food to prepare for a breakfast is hard-boiled eggs. You can cook a batch of eggs once a week. Then you just grab one or two in the morning. They stay good for 5 days in the fridge. (I explain below how I cook them.)
The high-protein (28 g) and low-carb (15 g) breakfast I want to talk about today consist of two hard-boiled eggs, 1 slice of multigrain bread and 4 slices of cheese. I can assure you that this breakfast will keep you going for a few hours, even though the calorie amount is relatively low.
It’s very good with a cup of tea (or coffee, if you’re more the coffee type). You can spread butter on your bread if you wish, but know that 1 tablespoon of butter equals 103 kcal, 12 g of fat and 119 g of sodium. But zero carb. Also good to know: 1 tablespoon of jam equals 52 kcal and 13 g of carbs. You can also replace multigrain grain with white bread, oat bread, raisins or whole wheat—they all have a similar amount of carbs.
This breakfast of 15 g of carbohydrates is perfect for the first meal of the day, if your consumption must be kept very low. This amount was the highest I could eat at breakfast when I had gestational diabetes. I don’t have it anymore, but still eat it regularly. I just did this morning.
When the water is boiling for good (you should check often so you don’t miss this moment), cook for 6 minutes (I like to use a timer).
Turn off the heat and drain to remove the hot water. Cover the eggs with cold water and let them cool for 2 minutes. Replace the now warm water with cold water and let them cool again for 2 minutes.
I just realised that the thing on the bread (in the above picture) looks like a fair amount of butter. It’s in fact a slice of Havarti cheese. 😉
Please do not publish, upload or copy the text of my posts, or tutorials or patterns on a site, blog, Facebook page, etc. Please do not copy parts of my posts' texts, tutorials or patterns into Pinterest or anywhere. But you can post a link about it or pin my pictures (on Pinterest only)! Thank you for respecting my copyrights.
I am a Craftsy affiliate and receive money from them via the ads that are on my blog and my web site.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (2) September 2018 (3) August 2018 (3) July 2018 (5) June 2018 (3) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (3) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (3) January 2018 (5) December 2017 (8) November 2017 (6) October 2017 (6) September 2017 (7) August 2017 (8) July 2017 (8) June 2017 (11) May 2017 (7) April 2017 (8) March 2017 (7) February 2017 (16) January 2017 (7) December 2016 (9) November 2016 (11) October 2016 (13) September 2016 (9) August 2016 (13) July 2016 (9) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (7) April 2016 (5) March 2016 (7) February 2016 (6) January 2016 (7) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (5) October 2015 (6) September 2015 (5) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (4) June 2015 (6) May 2015 (5) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (10) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (7) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (6) October 2014 (5) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (7) July 2014 (6) June 2014 (9) May 2014 (8) April 2014 (8) March 2014 (7) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (3) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (2)
Petite pale babe momoko has sixty nine woth her lover and rides on his huge hard pecker with her tight twat
SEND IN THE CHANGE-OF-ADDRESS FORM! If you’re looking for a beautifully updated home in Wheaton School District, a short drive to Metra, CDH, Prairie Path and Starbucks! This stunning home has a sunken Living Room with wood burning fireplace, ideal for intimate gatherings! A spacious formal Dining Room for dinner parties and holiday feasts! The bright gorgeous eat-in Kitchen with subway tile, quartz countertops and stainless steel appliances is the heart of the home! The Family Room with wood burning fireplace is perfect for watching movies, game night or curling up with a good book! A …
I joined the jspiders , BTM I have done Application Development course . I will like to thanks Raghu sir, his teaching such a wide range of programming,
Jspiders is a top-notch learning solutions organization head quartered in India's IT capital Bangalore.
A "Finishing School" in different paths, the institute provides young job aspirants the perfect launch-pad to build an excellent rewarding careers in the huge IT hubs.
Defense of the Ancients (commonly known as DotA) is a custom scenario for the real-time strategy game Warcraft III:Reign of chaos and its expansion, Warcraft III:Frozen Throne, based on the "Aeon of Strife" map for StarCraft. The objective of the scenario is for each team to destroy the opponents' Ancients, heavily guarded structures at opposing corners of the map. Players use powerful units known as heroes, and are assisted by allied heroes and AI-controlled fighters called "creeps". As in role-playing games, players level up their heroes and use gold to buy equipment during the mission.
The scenario was developed with the "World Editor" of Warcraft III:Reign of Chaos, and was updated upon the release of its expansion, The Frozen Throne. There have been many variations of the original concept; the most popular being DotA Allstars, which eventually was simplified to DotA with the release of version 6.72. This specific scenario has been maintained by several authors during development, with the current publicly anonymous developer known as "IceFrog" developing the game since 2005
The Miami Heat is a professional basketball team based in Miami, Florida, United States. The team is a member of the Southeast Division in the Eastern Conference of the Nasional Basketball Assosiation (NBA). They play their home games at American Airlines Arena in Downtown Miami. The team is owned by Micky Arison, coached by Erik Spoelstra and managed by Basketall Hall of Fame coach Pat Riley.
The Heat were formed in 1988 as an expnsion franchise along with the Charlotte Hornets and they along with the Orlando Magic are the only two NBA franchises to represent the state of Florida. Since then, Miami has fielded squads that have made the playoffs 15 out of 23 seasons, captured eight division titles and won the 2006 NBA Finals against the Dallas Mavericks 4–2. According to Forbes Magazine, in 2010 the value of the franchise was $425 million.
The Miami Heat entered NBA Free Agency in 2010 with nearly $46 million in salary capspace, with the ability to re-sign free agent Dwyane Wade, and add two of the NBA's top players, LeBron James and Chris Bosh. On July 7, 2010, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh agreed to terms with the Miami Heat. Then on July 8, 2010, LeBron James held an hour-long special to announce his decision on ESPN to commit to playing with the Heat.
It is a totally different world down here! After arriving on Saturday afternoon (3 hour flight from Buenos Aires,) we were shuttled to our hostel in the “downtown” area (I use the term loosely, as this is a really small … Continue reading →
A bit of a “photo-dump” today to get everyone up to speed on our last few days 😀 Enjoy! Before we took off for Iguazu Falls, we had another lovely afternoon/evening exploring Buenos Aires: First, we mistook a children’s orchestra … Continue reading →
So, after a quick 3 week stint back in Cincy (during which we were able to visit family & friends, & I was able to sub a few yoga classes for my mom :D), we hit the road again. First, … Continue reading →
To help you navigate the deluge of dating apps flooding the market, we’ve picked some of the best dating apps, as well as some of those that bring something unique to the table and if that wasn. Best online dating websites and how much they cost a month our online dating price guide tells you everything you need to know about the uk's top dating websites mirror dating uk members. Best dating website builders and themes for dating sites to turn out online dating from enjoyable pastime into a profitable business first of all you need to have professional dating service website. One way to save on the cost of dating websites is to try one of the many dating apps that have risen in popularity over the last few years tinder is the most famous of the lot it shows you people in your area and allows you to connect with them by swiping left. 10 best online dating sites comparison for 2018 there are many dating sites with different types of people and not all dating sites are necessarily right for you some sites have specific types of members from a certain background or religion, while others have a more diverse mix.
Reviews of the top 10 senior dating websites of 2018 welcome to our reviews of the best senior dating websites of 2018check out our top 10 list below and follow our links to read our full in-depth review of each senior dating website, alongside which you'll find costs and features lists, user reviews and videos to help you make the right choice. The 3 best ukrainian dating sites in 2017 i get it, ukrainian girls are basically your dream women they are gentle, they take great care of their men, not to mention how gorgeous most are. How to stay safe on online dating sites before you sign up for an online dating service, consider the following: read terms and conditions so you know what you're signing up to and how much it will cost. Asian date net asian date net (formerly asia funs) offers more than the standard fare, such as dating blogs, couples dating, and dating newsthey also have a fun, constantly-changing ticker along the bottom of the main page, showing who logged in last and a few details about them.
Best online dating sites – comparing free vs paid subscription sites by susan borowski posted in: storage of up to 5,000 messages, and anonymous browsing the cost is $1495 for one month, $2985 for three months, or $4770 for six months best online dating site 8 things you should always buy online. Worldwide online dating site reviews: be sure to check out my country-by-country reviews of the best online dating sites in the world worldwide moving guide: everything you need to know in order to plan your move to 65+ countries around the world. Best dating sites matchcom (est $1899 per month for six months) is one of the biggest, longest-running online dating sites out there started in 1995, the site had 35 million unique monthly visitors in november 2016, according to statista.
The 6 best thai dating sites: a detailed comparison there has been a rise in the popularity and number of thai dating sites in the last two years, the majority, unsurprisingly, centered on western men meeting thai women. There are plenty of conventional sites that are also among the top websites for gay dating and the top lesbian date sites with over 15 million gay members and more than 1 million lesbian members, match is one of them. Before you start browsing singles via a dating website, make sure you understand exactly what it will cost most sites tempt you in for free, letting you browse profiles and even connect with matches. Even free dating websites and apps give you the option to sign up for a premium option, which does in fact cost you premium options cost about $10 each month for basic service, or if you want more effective pairing with people you’re more likely to get along with for an average of $40 per month.
Totally free online dating freedate is a totally free online dating site that offers full access with no credit cards required there is no credit card required because this is a dating site that costs nothing. The best free dating sites the platform provides a feature-packed online dating experience that doesn't cost you a dime there's an abundance of members from all different walks of life, most. Finding love on dating sites can be challenging, but it doesn't have to be we compare some of the best websites for finding the one online from the top dating sites, to those that offer free matches, this is the place to start. Which russian dating sites are the best march 27, 2017 24 comments by elena best russian dating sites tell us how much did it cost you at the end some guys reported having spent over 100 thousand dollars on pay-per-message sites to no avail so, ppl is not recommended.
On our site, we hand-pick the best dating sites by reviewing the best features, pricing, and service available you may have noticed a few well-known names that we didn’t include in this table such as farmersonly, okcupid , tinder , eharmony , tender, it's just lunch and datehookup.
The best dating sites love swans free registration a high-quality dating platform with various detailed profiles you can set the level of search yourself, making it more and more advanced you can also benefit from this site by getting a weekly compilation of ladies' profiles you may like the analysis is based on the data you give about.
The most expensive senior dating site is mature free and single which has a cost per month of $5550 silver singles cost compared to all 558 dating sites when comparing silver singles cost per month of $799 to the other 558 paid dating sites we see that it is the 471th most expensive on a per month basis. Millions of single people are signed up to an array of dating websites, apps and introductory services that we trust to find us our perfect match but many are extremely costly and - as was. The now infamous infidelity dating site ashley madison, which was one of the most expensive, was also the lowest-scoring online dating service, with a score of 37 (a score of 100 indicates. To pay or not to pay: that is the question for every dating site or app that charges close to $40 per month, such as match, eharmony, or jdate, there are plenty of other popular ones like okcupid.
Creating Continuous Flow. Mike Rother and Rick Harris. How to create real, not fake, flow through your processes. Excellent material in an easy to read, workbook like format.
Creating Mixed Model Value Streams. Kevin J. Duggan. Practical lean techniques for building to demand. Highly recommended.
Lean Thinking. Jim Womack and Dan Jones. The best introductory book on the subject of Lean Manufacturing.
Learning to See. Mike Rother and John Shook. Value stream mapping to add value and eliminate waste. Excellent material in an easy to read, workbook like format.
Let's Fix It! Overcome the Crisis in Manufacturing. Richard J. Schonberger. Research-based principles of manufacturing management.
Seeing the Whole. Dan Jones and Jim Womack. Value stream mapping to add value and eliminate waste - across an entire Lean Enterprise. Excellent material in an easy to read, workbook like format.
Bills of Material. Structured for Excellence. Dave Garwood. Dogwood Publishing. The rest of what you wanted to know about bills of material from the pioneer in the field of bill of material structuring. Order Now!
ERP: Making It Happen. Tom Wallace and Mike Kremzar. John Wiley and Sons. An excellent overview of implementation issues and how to overcome them. Order Now!
Focus Forecasting. Bernard Smith. B. T. Smith and Associates. The original book on the subject. Excellent overview. Order Now!
Focus Forecasting and DRP. Bernard Smith. B. T. Smith and Associates. Better than the original: includes new original material and 15 years of additional experience in making Focus Forecasting work. Order Now!
Inventory Record Accuracy. Roger Brooks/Larry Wilson. John Wiley and Sons. How to get the inventory records accurate in the minimum amount of time. Order Now!
Managing Supplier Quality. How to Develop Customer/Supplier Partnerships That Work. Roger Hale, Ronald Koval, Tim Sehnert, Donald Carlton. Monochrome Press. Hardcover. Solutions to some of the toughest supplier situations you'll ever face. Written for those trying to solve problems with suppliers, the book has worksheets and evaluation forms that you can use to start work in this area. Order Now!
Manufacturing Data Structures. Jerry Clement/John Sari/Andy Coldrick. John Wiley and Sons. Everything you always wanted to know about bills of material and routings. Order Now!
Master Scheduling in the 21st Century. Tom Wallace and Bob Stahl. Accomplishes two important tasks. First it presents the fundamentals of Master Scheduling in a clear, concise, and complete manner. It's simple and easy to understand. Second it explains the relationship between master scheduling and supply chain management, lean manufacturing and efficient consumer response. It's contemporary and up-to-date. Foreword and Lean Manufacturing Appendix by Chris Gray. Order Now!
Master Scheduling. John Proud. John Wiley and Sons. An in-depth work on master production scheduling. Excellent book. Order Now!
Orchestrating Success. Dick Ling/Walter Goddard. John Wiley and Sons. The first book on the subject of sales and operations planning from the pioneer in the field (Ling). Order Now!
Sales and Operations Planning - Best Practices. John Dougherty and Chris Gray, Trafford Publishing 2006. Go inside a "baker's dozen" of the world's best S&OP users. Highly recommended. Order Now!
Sales and Operations Planning Handbook. Donald Rice/John J. Civerolo. An excellent "starter kit" for implementing and operating Sales and Operations Planning. Highly recommended. Order Now!
Sales & Operations Planning - The How-to-Handbook. Tom Wallace. T. F. Wallace & Company. Easy to read and understand explanation of this subject - with tips on implementing and operating effectively. Order Now!
Sales Forecasting - A New Approach. Tom Wallace and Bob Stahl. How to forecast less, not more; emphasize teamwork, not formulas; focus on process improvement, not forecast "accuracy". Order Now!
The MRP II Standard System. Chris Gray/Darryl Landvater. John Wiley and Sons. Defines the core functions that must be present in an MRP II system. Written in an understandable style accessible to non software people. Order Now!
The Right Choice. Chris Gray. John Wiley and Sons. How to evaluate and select software and be confident of your choice. Out of print. Contact the author.
Measure Up! Richard L. Lynch & Kelvin F. Cross. Blackwell. Practical examples, tools, and worksheets to custom tailor new performance measurements for your organization. The best book available on the subject of performance measurement. Order Now!
It's Not Luck. Eliyahu M. Goldratt. An outstanding novel that illustrates, in an entertaining manner, how traditional performance measurements can motivate the wrong actions. Order Now!
Relevance Lost. The Rise and Fall of Management Accounting. H. Thomas Johnson and Robert S. Kaplan. Harvard Business School Press. Illustrates why modern corporations must reexamine their existing practices and redesign management accounting systems. Order Now!
Teaching the Elephant to Dance. James Belasco. Plume. Paper. A practical, hands on guide to creating change. The best book available on the subject of creating a Vision in the organization. Order Now!
Flight of the Buffalo. Soaring to Excellence, Learning to Let Employees Lead. James A. Belasco & Ralph C. Stayer. Warner Books. A model for a highly flexible organization that can learn and grow while responding to changing circumstances. Order Now!
The Customer Driven Company. Moving from Talk to Action. Richard C. Whiteley. Addison-Wesley. A step-by-step program for implementing, measuring, and rewarding both product and service excellence that leads to true customer loyalty. Order Now!
On Becoming a Leader. Warren Bennis. Addison-Wesley. The Hows of Leadership: How people become leaders, how they lead, and how organizations either encourage or stifle potential leaders. Order Now!
Leadership is an Art. Max DePree. Dell. Not a science or a discipline, leadership is an art: as such it must be felt, experienced, created. Order Now!
The Great Game of Business. Jack Stack. Doubleday. Hardcover. How to make business a game that all your people can play, and that taps into the universal desire to win and makes that desire a powerful competitive force. A great book based on a real experience. Order Now!
Recognition Redefined. Roger Hale & Rita Maehling. Monochrome Press. Hardcover. A practitioner's guide to the principles of positive reinforcement. Shows how to build a multidimensional recognition program that inspires, motivates, and achieves results. The best book ever published on the subject. Order Now!
Getting to Yes. Roger Fisher, William Ury and Bruce Patton. Penguin. A straightforward, universally applicable method for negotiating personal and professional disputes without getting taken – and without getting angry. Order Now!
Looking to make a transition to a new office space or commercial building? Don’t let the stress of commercial moving affect your business operation! Let Great Day Moving® help you ease into your transition.
While some moving companies only focus on residential projects, Great Day Moving is proud to assist businesses with their transitions by providing office moving. We offer a variety of solutions to help you relocate your business without missing a beat.
Learn more about the office moving services provided by Great Day Moving by calling (877) 541-1015 today!
You’re busy enough already; you don’t have time to take on the work of moving companies! Our team will ensure your transition does not disrupt your business practice.
Our commercial movers are always experienced and efficient. You’ll be impressed with how we finish the move so your operation is up and running as quickly as possible — quicker than other area moving companies!
Great Day Moving is proud to offer a variety of office moving packages to fit any need. These include:
While other moving companies might say no to non-residential projects, we can help with all aspects of your office moving, which includes:
Having trouble finding moving companies you trust with your commercial equipment?We offer commercial office moving services, entailing:
Not quite ready to make the big move, but in need of office moving companies to help you make some space? We can help with transporting your things to and from your temporary storage unit as a part of this office moving service.
If you are searching for top office moving companies, our commercial moving team is here to help. We take great pride in the work we do. No matter where you’re moving, we are here to make your move faster and easier. Avoid the headaches that come with relocating your office and let our office moving company help today.
Even if you need to move your entire commercial business – from furniture to heavy equipment – we’re equipped with the resources and business partnerships necessary to make your transition as smooth and simple as it could possibly be. And when you choose Great Day Moving over other moving companies, you can expect quality work every time.
Learn more about what sets us apart from other moving companies by calling (877) 541-1015 today or requesting your office moving estimate now!
Depending on the size of your business operation and the depth of your commercial moving needs, we may send a team member to your location to work up an estimate. We’re happy to work with you to create a commercial moving plan that fits your needs. If you have any questions or would like to talk to a qualified business moving expert about potential costs and services, please do not hesitate to contact us today. You can even take a moment to fill out our estimate form to get a rough idea. We’re willing to work with almost any budget and the scope of our involvement is entirely up to you! Call us and let’s get started today!
As a local Kansas City moving company, we take on all projects; big and small. If you’re just a single individual wanting to pack up the things in your office for a simple relocation, we can send someone to help with every aspect – packing, transport, and unpacking. We’ll make you feel at home as quickly as possible so you can breeze through that difficult transition period and get back to work without the headaches or distractions of a typical do-it-yourself move.
In the grim Alaskan winter, a naturalist hunts for wolves blamed for killing a local boy, but he soon finds himself swept into a chilling mystery.
Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart with the help from others on her side….
Three American tourists follow a mysterious map deep into the jungles of Japan searching for an ancient temple. When spirits entrap them, their adventure quickly becomes a horrific nightmare.
Nineteen-year-old Alice returns to the magical world from her childhood adventure, where she reunites with her old friends and learns of her true destiny: to end the Red Queen’s reign…
Rusty Griswold takes his own family on a road trip to “Walley World” in order to spice things up with his wife and reconnect with his sons. Hoping to bring…
An engaged woman holds off on marriage until the identity of the person who poisoned her grandfather is found. Based on the novel by Agatha Christie, private detective Charles Hayward…
The contents of this site are of sole responsibility of the author(s). GreatGameIndia grants permission to cross-post original GreatGameIndia articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of GreatGameIndia articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: info@greatgameindia.com GreatGameIndia.com contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material you must request permission from the copyright owner. For any inquiries write to us at info@greatgameindia.com
Only clan members may gain access to the website. Please message CHAOTIC on our Discord server to have your registration approved.
Itchmo Forums for Cats & Dogs Brought to you by Itchmo: Essential news, humor and info for cats, dogs and pet owners.
In the spirit of Christ and the example of Francis of Assisi, the Mission of OSF HealthCare is to serve persons with the greatest care and love in a community that celebrates the Gift of Life.
No Man’s Sky, the open space exploration game which launched last week, is one of the most intriguing and vast games ever created. In this procedurally generated universe, there are over 18 quintillion planets to explore with unique lifeforms and flora on each. The goal is to survive and make it to the galactic core.
The problem with that is, from the beginning, you’re on your own with very little guidance. There are no tutorials and very few instructions at all. It’s up to you to figure everything out on your own. For diehards, this might be a welcomed change of pace. For the rest of you, we’re here to help you get off the first planet and navigate space like a veteran.
While some people have already “finished” No Man’s Sky, the game can go on forever. It would take several lifetimes to visit every planet in the game.
While you’re likely to grow tired of the repetition long before that ever happens, No Man’s Sky isn’t meant to be a sprint to the galactic core. The point is to explore and discover things no one else has. So take your time, breathe in the air of as many planets in a system as you want and move forward when you’re ready. There is literally no rush.
One of the scarcest resources in No Man’s Sky is storage space. From the very beginning of the game, you’ve got to dedicate quite a bit of effort to inventory management.
First, keep the essentials in stock. You need plenty of Carbon, Plutonium and Thamium9 to keep your gear and ship fueled and powered.
Carbon is plentiful in almost every place you will visit, so you’ll rarely need to take up more than one slot in your suit’s inventory for Carbon.
Plutonium is scarce on some planets, and without it, you’ll have a hard time getting your ship off the ground (unless you find a landing pad). Keep one or two slots of your ship inventory designated to Plutonium.
Thamium9 is hard to come by on the surface of some planets, but it’s plentiful in open space. Most of the asteroids you see are made entirely of Thamium9. Shoot them with your Photon Cannon to harvest the Thamium9 to fuel your Pulse Engine to travel long distances within a system more quickly.
Secondary resources you’ll want for open-space exploration are Oxides, such as Titanium and Iron. These can recharge your Photon Cannon or Deflector Shield, which will definitely come in handy when you’re inevitably raided by some bandits for your loot.
The rest of your storage space in your suit and ship should be reserved for valuables like Gold or Emeril, resources for crafting or technology upgrades.
Your tight storage space can be increased rather quickly in-game by finding or purchasing suit and ship upgrades.
Suit upgrades can be found on the surface of planets in special buildings near Outposts or at Space Stations, locked behind doors which require the Atlas Pass v1. The first upgrade is free, but additional storage slots will soon cost you 10,000 units a pop. These upgrades are well worth the investment.
Purchasing a new ship, however, is a tougher pill to swallow, ranging anywhere from 200,000 units to upwards of 3 million units. When you can afford it, it’s best to invest that money you’ve earned. After all, what else are you going to spend your cash on? And more storage slots means more room for loot, which you can sell for more units. Wash, rinse, repeat.
You can also upgrade your Multi-Tool along the way at random outposts — also a sound investment. It allows you to install more technology upgrades to your Multi-Tool, such as a Boltcaster for combat or coolant systems and beam intensifiers.
If you don’t have the cash to upgrade your ship, you can always be on the lookout for crash sites. You’ll have to search around for the materials to make some repairs, but you can claim abandoned, crashed ships as your own, leaving your current ship behind. Just remember to transfer your stash over to the new ship before confirming the swap.
Technology upgrades are a trade-off. They make your ship’s Photon Cannon more powerful, help your Jetpack fly longer or make your Mining Beam last longer without overheating. However, each technology you add will take up a storage slot for that device.
As you gain more storage space, this is easier to deal with, but some of the technology upgrades are worthwhile early on, such as Stamina Enhancement, which helps you sprint for longer distances.
An easy way to make some spending money in No Man’s Sky is to use the Analysis Visor to log new discoveries. Animals, plants, planets and new planet systems can all be logged. But simply logging these items doesn’t earn a large paycheck — just a few hundred units per item. To earn more, open the settings menu and upload each of your discoveries to receive some units in return.
A faster way to earn money is to mine for different elements, such as Gold or Emeril. If you come across a planet flush with valuable resources, it’s wise to use that to your advantage and get ahead financially in the game. Empty all the unnecessary items from your inventory, mine all you can and make a trip to the nearest Space Station to sell your loot and make a fortune.
I mined Gold for a few hours over the weekend and amassed over 2 million units. This allowed me to upgrade my ship, repeat the process and make even more money on the next run.
Just beware the bandits. If they detect you have valuable possessions on your ship, they will attack, so be ready to fight to keep your hoard.
If you need to repair your ship or gather resources for crafting or new technology, use the Scanner. It scans your nearby surroundings and will show you where resources and other items are nearby. It will display the icon for Oxides, Isotopes, Silicates, Neutrals or Precious elements, not which specific elements there are. Scanning will also reveal the location of nearby Knowledge Stones and cargo drops.
Using this, you can more quickly find the resources you need, rather than wandering aimlessly in search of something specific.
Be it bandits, a sour encounter with an alien or a massive glitch that sets you back, plenty can go wrong in No Man’s Sky. As such it’s wise to save often. You can do this by discovering new outposts and activating the waypoints.
Arguably, a better and easier way to save is by entering and exiting your ship. Each time you exit the ship, the game saves.
If for any reason you need to reload one of the previous two saves, open the settings menu and navigate to the Options tab. Your most recent and the previous saves are there and you can load either one by clicking and holding on it.
Most of the wildlife you encounter in No Man’s Sky are friendly. They’re skittish, but if you can get close to a non-aggressive species and you have the right resources on hand, you can feed the animal. This can sometimes encourage them to show you the location of special resources, mine resources for you or even defend you from a threat.
When you visit Space Stations, you may see other travelers come and go from the landing strip. If you approach those ships, you can actually trade with other aliens or make an offer on their ship.
You can often get a better (and sometimes worse) deal by selling valuables to travelers rather than traders or the Galactic Trade Network. You can also make a quick buck playing the middle man between two travelers at the same Space Station if you see one is paying above the average price for a resource another traveler is selling.
You will often find three main races in your journey across the universe: Gek, Kvorax and Vy’keen. Getting on their good sides can afford you several perks, such as Vy’keen warriors giving you a new Multi-Tool. Keeping each race happy isn’t very difficult once you get the swing of things — but don’t be surprised when one race pits you against the other.
Sentinels are basically the police of space. Normally, they’re harmless and passive (depending on the planet). But if you’re mining too many resources, killing animals or trying to break into abandoned buildings, they will attack.
Think of this situation as a wanted level, sort of like from Grand Theft Auto. If you don’t stop after they attack the first time, an Elite Sentinel (a four-legged walking robot) will be dispatched. Early on in the game, this is difficult to defend yourself against, so it’s best to flee the area. Simply fleeing doesn’t always work, however. Sentinels may attack wherever you land next.
Some planets in No Man’s Sky have large bodies of water, some of which are toxic. It’s easy to forget to look underwater, and it’s also easy to avoid deep caverns, as they can quickly turn into a maze you can’t find your way out of.
But if you brave the depths of water and caves, you can find loot that you may not find roaming the open world.
The first four or five hours of No Man’s Sky, I was afraid to fly, worried that resources for powering the ship were in short supply. Turns out, I was just on a barren planet and if I had taken to the sky sooner, I would have found a plentiful patch of Plutonium and Thamium9 asteroids just outside the planet’s atmosphere.
After learning this, I’ve become much more accustomed to jumping in my ship to travel short distances on a planet, rather than hoofing it for 3 minutes to a nearby ruin. Just make sure to grab Plutonium when you can, and you won’t get stuck on a planet. You can almost always find Thamium9 as soon as you leave it.
Along the Atlas Path, you will come across Atlas Stones. Without spoiling anything, you’re going to want to make room in your inventory for them and resist the urge to sell them. You’ll find out why when you make it to the center of the universe.
If you find yourself needing to climb out of a cave but it looks too tall, walk up to the wall and activate your Jetpack. As long as you’re against a wall, it will not deplete your Jetpack.
Also, if you want to move more quickly without sprinting, press the melee button while activating the Jetpack to spring forward. Then pulse the Jetpack (rather than holding it) while moving forward to travel on foot much faster.
NT5C3B, human recombinant - NT5C3L, 7-methylguanosine phosphate-specific 5'-nucleotidase - Buy Now! |Abgent
Abgent is a leading provider of Custom Peptide Synthesis. Our services are driven by a personalized approach toward your needs. With fifteen years of experience, our experienced team employs the latest in instrumentation and specialized synthetic techniques to deliver high quality products on time at a great price.
Abgent has over fifteen years of experience producing recombinant proteins in E. coli and mammalian cells (CHO and HEK293, etc), and we have added a powerful yeast expression platform to our menu of services. With state-of–the art molecular biology and protein biochemistry labs, we work with our clients to rapidly evaluate in parallel to identify the optimal expression system for candidate proteins.
Certify that your antibodies work, while saving time and money. Abgent’s experienced staff custom validates more than 1,000 antibodies each month in Western Blot (WB), Immunofluorescence (IF), Immunohistochemistry (IHC), Flow Cytometry (FC) and additional applications. Proper validation with controls and optimization ensure the quality of the antibody, and establish confidence in your results.
Thousands of laboratories across the world have published research that depended on the performance of biological reagents manufactured by Abgent to advance their research. Check out links to articles that cite our custom service antibodies, peptides, and proteins in major peer-reviewed journals, organized by research category.
Find the answer here, or for further information contact our Ph.D. technical team via our Support Center at http://support.abgent.com.
18,000+ products cover the ten top research categories, including cancer, metabolism, cardiovascular, neuroscience, and stem cells. Each antibody is crafted with care according to rigorous protocols for immunogen design and preparation, presentation to host animal, and high-affinity purification against the antigen. Quality is embedded in the production process to assure the best antibody for you.
Crown antibodies pass additional stringent quality requirements, including extended control sets, uniform results against multiple biologically relevant cell lines and tissues, and function in multiple applications.
Abgent develops 1000+ new products per year. We provide tools for path-breaking research by developing antibodies that detect a comprehensive library of novel and established targets. For established targets we seek to add antibodies that recognize new epitopes, including post-translational modifications such as phosphorylation and methylation. For new targets we consult with leading experts to accelerate development of antibodies that will propel state-of-the-art research in cellular health and disease.
Abgent offers single-use antibody panel for cost- and time-efficient screening assays. The product eliminate the repeated pipetting with the drop-undefined-mix design.
Abgent offers custom and catalog peptides to pharmaceutical, biotechnology companies and academic institutions worldwide. All peptides are manufactured in the United States to exacting standards in support of U.S. and international clientele. Custom peptide services include long peptides (>100mer), cyclic peptides, difficult sequences, fluorescent labels, and phosphopeptides.
The majority of Abgent antibodies are produced using peptide immunogens. These immunospecific peptides can be used as blocking agents when using the complementary antibodies in a range of applications.
Abgent offers a variety of tissue extracts and whole cell lysates for use in combination with our antibodies as Western Blotting or Immunoprecipitation positive controls.
Ideal for antibody detection, characterization, biomarker identification, ELISA, immunoprecipitation, and Western blotting.
Researchers worldwide depend on Abgent FLcDNA clones to accelerate their research. Expression-ready clones are convenient solution that decreases the time required to start an experiment and increases the chances of success.
Thousands of laboratories across the world have published research that depended on the performance of antibodies from Abgent to advance their research. Check out links to articles that cite our products in major peer-reviewed journals, organized by research category.
Abgent, a WuXi AppTec company, is a leading manufacturer of primary antibodies with more than fifteen years of experience. We supply quality antibodies and related products drug discovery and academic laboratories worldwide. Our focus is on targets covering the major research areas impacting health and disease, including cancer, metabolism, cardiovascular, neuroscience, and stem cells.
Founded in 2001, Abgent is one of the world's largest manufacturers of research user only antibodies. WuXi Apptec, a leading global contract R&D services provider serving the pharmaceutical, biotech, and medical device industries, acquired Abgent in October of 2011.
With its history as an original manufacturer, Abgent has a deep and practical understanding of the production process for antibodies, peptides, and recombinant proteins. We have assembled world-class, independently credentialed facilities, operate under a strict project management paradigm with highly trained staff, rigorously test our products in-process and post-production, and monitor customer feedback to assure that we earn the trust of scientists who choose to work with us.
Abgent may in-licenses select products and technologies to offer our customers a wide variety of options for their proteomic research needs. Contact us for further information and non-disclosure agreements. Our experienced discovery and production teams will work with you to jointly evaluate proposals and identify partnering opportunities.
Check out the latest on featured products, promotions, tools, resources, and Abgent' schedule of events.
We believe that attracting and supporting creative and talented people is essential to our success. Abgent offers an energetic, friendly environment and the opportunity to further scientific research and drug discovery. Abgent is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Send a cover letter and resume to jobs@abgent.com
Foundational characteristics of cancer include proliferation, angiogenesis, migration, evasion of apoptosis, and cellular immortality. Find key markers for these cellular processes and antibodies to detect them.
The SUMOplot™ Analysis Program predicts and scores sumoylation sites in your protein. SUMOylation is a post-translational modification involved in various cellular processes, such as nuclear-cytosolic transport, transcriptional regulation, apoptosis, protein stability, response to stress, and progression through the cell cycle.
The Autophagy Receptor Motif Plotter predicts and scores autophagy receptor binding sites in your protein. Identifying proteins connected to this pathway is critical to understanding the role of autophagy in physiological as well as pathological processes such as development, differentiation, neurodegenerative diseases, stress, infection, and cancer.
NT5C3B, also known 7-methylguanosine phosphate-specific 5'-nucleotidase, includes transferase activity and nucleotide binding. Among its related super-pathways are adenosine nucleotides degradation II and Pyrimidine metabolism. Specifically it hydrolyzes 7-methylguanosine monophosphate (m(7)GMP) to 7- methylguanosine and inorganic phosphate. The specific activity for m(7)GMP may protect cells against undesired salvage of m(7)GMP and its incorporation into nucleic acids. Also it has weak activity for CMP. Recombinant human NT5C3B protein, fused to His-tag at N-terminus, was expressed in E.coli and purified by using conventional chromatography
If you have used an Abgent product and would like to share how it has performed, please click on the "Submit Review" button and provide the requested information. Our staff will examine and post your review and contact you if needed.
I am THRILLED to be able to share the cover of Professor Feelgood today (holy goodness I want to have his babies!!!). This is one of my most highly anticipated reads of 2018. The first book, Mister Romance, blew me away so needless to say, I’ve been not so patiently waiting for this one. Is it September 16th yet?
Ambitious book editor Asha Tate is a hopeless romantic. Despite her mediocre track record with men, she believes in swooning, sighing, and the everlasting love of true soul mates. Sure, sex is okay, but she’s not someone who’s ever been driven by her animal urges.
When Asha stumbles upon the scorching hot Instagram feed of someone calling himself Professor Feelgood, she falls in lust for the first time. Not only is she left panting over photos of the professor’s insane body, but his angst-filled poetry about losing his one true love speaks straight to her soul.
Desperately in need of a bestseller for her struggling publishing company, Asha knows the professor’s potential to sell to his millions of loyal followers could be the lifeline her bosses need. However, the ink is barely dry on a book deal before she realizes she’s made a terrible mistake. Sure, the professor is incredibly talented and sexier than any man has a right to be, but the man behind the persona isn’t at all who she pictured. In real life, he’s intense, arrogant and infuriating, and his uncanny ability to rub her the wrong way turns her dream project into a total nightmare.
Knowing that the professor is everything she doesn’t want in a man should help Asha ignore her occasional urges to mount him, but she quickly learns that explosive, unwanted chemistry can make even smart people do stupid things.
This was so incredibly phenomenal. 6 stars! I don't even know what to say because it was just EVERYTHING! Incredibly entertaining and funny with this great mix of tension that had me on the edge of my seat. I was so excited while reading because I had to know all the things. Mister Romance is officially one of my Top Reads of 2017!
Labels: contemporary romance, cover reveal, Leisa Rayven, Masters of Love series, standalone story in a series
90 days would give considerable lead time to concentrate and fortify positions ahead of an anticipated attack. Like oh a militia removing an unamerican style government from a Governor’s Mansion or something like that. Of course repelling such an invading force would only be successful if you correctly estimated the potential size of that incoming force that wishes to throw you out on your ear.
If actual gun confiscation ever occurred in GA (highly unlikely), the citizens would have plenty of backup from their neighbors in AL, FL, and TN...
To sum it all up, semi auto does not equal assault weapons. Assault weapons do not equal weapons of war. No matter how they attempt to construct the argument, it does not change those facts.
We have one city and one county where owning firearms is mandatory and law. (not enforced , but still a law on the books)
I know, but we'd at least bring the beer and brats for the after party. We may even bring some Louisiana Citizens along for some gumbo.
I know, but we'd at least bring the beer and brats for the after party. We may even bring some Louisiana Citizens along for some gumbo.
Having laser etched firing pins. (to follow criminals, only the law enforcement doesn't have to have them) - Think this one failed due to technical limitations
Of course forgetting that there is really no such thing as an assault rife. Only semi and automatic fire.
Thus when Georgia fails at banning. They will start with all the crap Ca is and has been doing for decades.
69,670 seems like a small number for the actual city of Melbourne itself---I am guessing that must be a typo. I know it sure seems bigger.
I have had the distinct pleasure of being in most of the cities on ths list, and I agree they are all fantastic. So how about we try this, to keep this rather interesting thing percolating---list the top ten cities in which you would want to live (if you could, of course), or just list five or so if that's all you're interested in. I would say my list of favorite cities that I have been to is fairly close to what I would also say would be my top ten ideal living locations, so here goes---
Sorry Howlerunner, I typoed an 's' instead of 'n' in regard to Ballarat's location. Nice to see the old Bendigo/Ballarat rivalry is alive and well on the net but don't know why you decided to make poor old Geelong, S/W of Melbourne, disapear. Unlike Bendigo, Geelong even has an AFL football team and is a major port city.
You got me thinking though, was it because Bendigo didn't stand up against injustices during the gold rush that that old rivalry started or because Ballarat made smarter long term investments?
As for the rivalry, I'm not sure. I don't remember being conscious of one when I was a kid. It might be because Ballarat is remembered for the Eureka Stockade and Bendigo is remembered for...what is Bendigo remembered for, someone remind me again.
Oh, yeah. Our Imperial Dragons, Sun Loong and "Old" Loong. And everything that goes with them. Check it out, the world's longest Imperial Dragon sleeps away the year in Bendigo.
's right mate. I think it's cute that next years Commonwealth Games, being held in Australia, hosted in Melbourne, have also got some events going on in Ballarat and I think also Bendigo. The gold in the torch is ment to represent Ballarat though but hey, both our State's Premier and the Nations only Cardinal are "Ballarat boys" so I suppose it's not surprising it milks a little something out of this world event.
You gotta remember how much of the CBD is office space and retail stores. Not to mention sports facilities, railway tracks, museums, the Exhibition Centre and gardens. I mean, at 1:30 pm on a Saturday I'll bet the population of the city of Melbourne is one and a half milion!
come on! Calgary is awesome. However Vancouver sux, over priced housing and to many needle victims.
Awesome? -10 c isn't my idea of awesome... but then again the Soggy West Coast isn't either due to medical conditions. My ideal place to live would be in the middle of a desert lol.
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time. This watch costs around fifty thousand yen. I didn't do my best. It's up to them now. It would be a great pity if you gave up now. We need more workers. Tait isn't in love with me.
I still don't understand people. He dreamt one night that he found a beautiful purple flower, and that in the middle of it lay a costly pearl. You always twist what I say.
Leanne loves chicken nuggets. I had to finish the job by the stated date. Juliet always wears blue shirts. Steve's trial was moved to Boston, Massachusetts. Arlene is kind of angry right now.
She gave my shoes a quick brush. Don't call her now. Have you seen my pet five-legged lizard? Go, please, to the house of your brother Amnon. For how long have you been learning English? Yvonne and Shawn are having a dinner party Friday evening.
Does he go to school early? My mistake cost me my fortune. We weren't prepared for this. I'll only talk to her. Something was wrong with her. You're doing a terrible thing. Vijay is very efficient, isn't he? Others are hell.
Marion polished off his martini and put the glass on the waiter's tray. Please don't allow that to happen. Life is but a flash of lightning and beauty lasts only a day! Think of the skulls of the dead that all are alike. Jane is the baby of the family.
Could you send me more information by email? What is her profession? Now, let's get going. Johnny hated Boston. That commercial makes a strong impression - especially the music. It stays in your head. My native language is the most beautiful gift from my mother. I bought a guidebook for the museums of Florence. That's a happy sound.
Perhaps you'd better handle this. The busiest people have the most leisure. I am not concerned with their trouble. That's not what happened. There are gaps between the boards in the box. If you fit them in snugly, you'll get more use out of the box. Reiner and Charley used to be pretty good friends. I totally believe you. I really hope that Skef will come back. For you who love adventure, this kind of hiking will meet your need.
Janice sat down at the kitchen table. I mistook him for Mr. Brown. Management of a company is different from ownership of a company. I think I'll talk to him. That seems reasonable enough. It's still hot. Did you give Jonathan my phone number?
Kurt is Mohammad's son. He rented the garment for the day. Can you do this yourself? Crude persuasion is to persistently egg someone on. She texted her girlfriend. Bertrand isn't sure whether he's ready or not.
I always enjoy playing tennis with Ric. He has been sleeping since around 8 o'clock. Vicky started to speak, but then decided to remain silent. I had a letter from her yesterday. They need to feel safe. The progress of science has brought about great change in our lives. I caught a beautiful butterfly. She studies Chinese too. It's all one to me.
Loan on deeds needed the joint surety. This is what I know about him. It is quiet here at night. Everyone has problems. I just have one question. Let's just go inside. Jack had a terrible dream last night. I wouldn't tell Walt about that if I were you. Sarah has only ever had one other boyfriend, apart from Anatoly. I hear you've stopped smoking.
I wish I had enough money to buy a house like that. I am never going to settle down in one place. Reiner is still working here, isn't he? Now really isn't a good time. I doubt these generalizations.
On Aug. 23, 2005, the hurricanes at Pat O’Brien’s — the famed French Quarter watering hole — were flying off the bar. Few in the Sportsman’s Paradise had noticed the formation of small tropical depression germinating in the warm Atlantic Ocean waters that summer. Everyone in the Big Easy was enjoying life and letting the bon ton roulette (the good times roll) …
Initially known as one of the few Miami-Dade County municipalities to be built with a fully realized master plan in place, the village of Bal Harbour today is recognized for its luxury shopping, homes and hotels …
Filed Under: Real Estate News Tagged With: Bal Harbour, condo towers, lifestyle, luxury condo market, luxury hotels, Miami beach suburb, Miami-dade county, Micky Arison, realtor.com
Earlier this month disclosure requirements pertaining to all-cash residential sales were implemented in only two markets nationally, one of them being Miami-Dade County.
Filed Under: Real Estate News Tagged With: all cash transactions, Buyers & Sellers, Buying & Selling, Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, foreign buyers, home flipping, Miami-dade county, money laundering, new disclosure rules, regulations, Select, title insurance companies
Two recent reports point to South Florida as an unaffordable region for first-time homebuyers. However, other recent data suggests the Miami metro is a top buyer’s market where individuals are actively buying within the lower tier price points …
Last year the state of Florida saw a spike in the number of new real estate agents. One reason: the hot Miami-Dade market. Spanning July 2015 to February 2016 the Miami Association of Realtors’ (MIAMI) primary, active membership expanded from 37,328 to…
Filed Under: Real Estate News Tagged With: agent, agent competition, Boward County, Florida Department of Business & Professional Regulation, Martin County, Miami Association of Realtors, Miami-dade county, new real estate agents, Palm Beach County, real estate licenses registered, realtor association growth, Select, The South Florida School of Real Estate
Aimed at helping agents better serve veteran and active-duty buyers, the Military Residential Specialist (MilRES) program has certified roughly 2,500 agents since 2010. A significant percentage of those agents operate in Florida and California …
According a report released by the Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard University, rental demand has increased dramatically in the past 10 years. The study found that the U.S. saw its largest gain in any 10-year period from the time between 200…
Key Biscayne, or the area covering 33149, is one of the top rated ZIP codes in the nation. Located east of Miami and south of Miami Beach, this little island community is home to a plethora of restaurants and amenities …
Filed Under: Real Estate News Tagged With: 33149, island town, key biscayne, Markets & Economy, Miami-dade county, Select, south florida, South Miami
Sitting 63 floors high, this stunning penthouse is three levels and 2,901 square feet of living space. A rooftop deck, stainless steel and glass cantilevered staircase and three-story concrete finished wall are all elegant touches that make this home o…
When it comes to things like buying a home, Americans might be startled at how quickly prices have rebounded in many places following the economic recession.Florida homes are among the nation’s least expensive …
Все языкиАбхазскийАдыгейскийАзербайджанскийАймараАйнский языкАканАлбанскийАлтайскийАнглийскийАрабскийАрагонскийАрмянскийАрумынскийАстурийскийАфрикаансБагобоБаскскийБашкирскийБелорусскийБолгарскийБурятскийВаллийскийВарайскийВенгерскийВепсскийВерхнелужицкийВьетнамскийГаитянскийГреческийГрузинскийГуараниГэльскийДатскийДолганскийДревнерусский языкИвритИдишИнгушскийИндонезийскийИнупиакИрландскийИсландскийИспанскийИтальянскийЙорубаКазахскийКарачаевскийКаталанскийКвеньяКечуаКиргизскийКитайскийКлингонскийКомиКорейскийКриКрымскотатарскийКумыкскийКурдскийКхмерскийЛатинскийЛатышскийЛингалаЛитовскийЛюксембургскийМайяМакедонскийМалайскийМаньчжурскийМаориМарийскийМикенскийМокшанскийМонгольскийНауатльНемецкийНидерландскийНогайскийНорвежскийОрокскийОсетинскийОсманскийПалиПапьяментоПенджабскийПерсидскийПольскийПортугальскийРумынский, МолдавскийРусскийСанскритСеверносаамскийСербскийСефардскийСилезскийСловацкийСловенскийСуахилиТагальскийТаджикскийТайскийТатарскийТвиТибетскийТофаларскийТувинскийТурецкийТуркменскийУдмурдскийУзбекскийУйгурскийУкраинскийУрдуУрумскийФарерскийФинскийФранцузскийХиндиХорватскийЦерковнославянский (Старославянский)ЧеркесскийЧерокиЧеченскийЧешскийЧувашскийШайенскогоШведскийШорскийШумерскийЭвенкийскийЭльзасскийЭрзянскийЭсперантоЭстонскийЮпийскийЯкутскийЯпонский
An alleged serial killer, who is accused of raping and murdering 11 female victims in northern China over more than a decade, has been captured by police, say local reports.
Gao Chengyong, called China's "Jack the Ripper", was detained at a grocery store he runs with his wife.
He admitted to the killings, which took place between 1988 and 2002, according to the Ministry of Public Security.
Police say Mr Gao targeted young women dressed in red and followed them home, where he would rape and kill them, often cutting their throat and mutilating their bodies.
Image captionGao has been dubbed China's "Jack the Ripper" for the string of gruesome murders he committed over 14 years
In 2004, police had said the suspect they were looking for "has a sexual perversion and hates women".
Police had then posted a reward of £22,900 ($30,000) for information leading to an arrest. It was the first time all the crimes had been linked.
However, no leads were found until China's Criminal Investigation Bureau earlier this year re-launched an investigation into the case, using new technology to re-examine DNA.
Mr Gao was tracked down after his uncle was arrested for a minor crime,according to news outlet China Daily. He gave a DNA sample which police then linked to the crimes, determining they must have been committed by a relative.
Subsequent murders followed a similar pattern, with the killer often targeting young women who lived alone.
Mr Gao also cut off parts of his victim's reproductive organs, according to the Beijing Youth Daily.
Women in Baiyin would not walk alone in the streets without being accompanied by male relatives or friends after the spate of attacks.
Mr Gao went on to work at a vocational school in Baiyin, and had two sons, both of whom attended university and found jobs.
Incest porn never been this hot before. Right inside the Horny Teen Couples you will find an abundance of highly exclusive incest porn videos featuring wild sex between brothers and sisters! Young, horny sisters like seducing their brothers, because these horny boys are ready to do anything it takes to get a taste of pussy. They lick and suck on clits, eat assholes and kiss tits, everything to make their hot sisters ecstatic. But then it's their turn to have fun and they stick their cocks inside every hole on their sisters' bodies, ramming them nice and hard and shooting loads of cum on their faces!
Incest sex never been that hot before! Check out this video and watch as a cute looking little sister sucks her brothers' hard cocks. They've been with other this way for quite some time and perfected their techniques. She knows exactly how each of her horny brothers likes his dick to be sucked and she is able to bring them to the most unbelievable orgasms ever. Watch as they pump her face, driving their cocks deep inside her throat, making her gag. They fucked her mouth hard and filled it with cum!
Man I really wish I had a sister like that. She is a knockout, beautiful babe, with raven black hair and stunning body. Check her out, posing in front of the camera while her young brother is filming her strip and rub her pussy. Enjoy watching her rub her big tits, sexy curves and perfectly shaped ass. She asked her brother to lick her pussy and he was happy to do that. After she had enough, she sucked his dick and rode him hard, making him moan and shoot his load all over her beautiful, horny face and tits!
Our favorite family is here again and they are doing hot incest porn video for you. Horny sister had her younger brother film her peeing in the shower. Nasty but we love it and they do too. She posed, giggled and made all our dicks hard as we watched her. Then, when she got extremely horny and her pussy juice was just leaking from those sexy little tight lips she begged her brother to fuck her! He was glad to oblige and fucked her real hard, making her moan and scream and shiver as she came for him!
When his sister was not feeling all that well about breaking up with her boyfriend, her brother knew how to cheer her up. You see this babe is a real horny slut and when she's feeling down she likes when her brother face and pussy fucks her. Today he decided to film their incest sex and made her shave her cunt in front of the camera. She did and after that she fucked her pussy with a dildo and when she got real wet, her brother stuck his huge cock deep inside her pussy making her moan as he fucked her hard!
This sexy little slut is so horny that she even fucks her brothers all the time. This guy is her older brother and she loves him the most because he has most skilful tongue and biggest cock in the family! He too loves his sister because she has tasty pussy which also is very tight! Watch this incest porn video and enjoy watching a brother lick his sister's pussy clean and then stick his cock deep inside her, making her buck and thrash as he fucks her! She rode his cock too and exploded in violent orgasm!
Check out this incest sex video guys. It is an amazing show featuring a hot little sister and her older brother doing all kinds of nasty stuff! This babe is one of the most beautiful and cute looking innocent girls I've ever seen. But, she is a real horny slut and she is far from being innocent. Watch her do some gorgeous pissing, spreading her tight pink pussy and then watch her fucked by her own brother! This guy stuffed his cock into her mouth and pussy and gave her proper brotherly love!
Young sisters are such cock teases and some of them are also horny bitches and would go as far as seducing their own brothers to get some more cock drilling their pussies! This is exactly what happened here. Cute young sister seduced her own brother with her smoking hot body and nice smelling, tasty pussy. Watch her do deep throat cock sucking and riding her brother's cock like it's a rodeo! He fucked her hard doggy style, ramming his big dick deep down her pussy making her scream and cum!
He always wanted to jack off to his sister and today is his birthday and she asked him what would he like to get. He took out a camera and asked her to strip and masturbate while he films her and jacks off. She agreed and quickly things heated up. She rubbed that pussy of hers and then took out a dildo and sucked on it, lubing it up before sticking it deep inside her pussy. She fucked herself hard sticking her ass up high in the air and then begged her brother to finish her with his throbbing cock!
Man this is one hot incest sex video! A younger sister was about to take a shower when her beloved brother came in and offered his help. He was careful and very gentle and attentive. He washed her up with a soft sponge and his loving hands, rubbing her tits and probing her tight pink pussy. She sucked his dick a little bit and he had lots of fun tasting her sweet pussy juice. After that he rubbed her slit with his fingers and inserted his throbbing cock right in. Fucked her hard and gave her a facial!
This is an incest porn video brought to you courtesy of one perverted family. They all practice incest and today you are going to see a video that this babe's brother made. He found his sister masturbating and took a camera and filmed her doing that. She was all hot and horny, rubbing her pussy, tits, and ass and sticking huge dildo deep down her snatch. She fucked herself for a while and that got her brother hard and horny and he face fucked her hard and than pumped her pussy filling it with cum!
This a real perverted family that loves incest sex! 3 brothers were fucking their sister for quite a while now but they never fucked her ass until today. They begged her to let them do it and she finally agreed, they promised her to buy some chocolates for that. Anyway watch this hot incest video now and see horny brothers face fuck their sister, pussy fuck her to make sure their cocks are nice, hard and lubed and then they took turns fucking her ass while she was sucking their dicks!
Check out this incest porn video and discover how incest sex between younger brother and older sister happens! Little brother saw his sister masturbate with a dildo and he took a camera and walked in on her! She was so busy dildo fucking her wet pussy she noticed him when it was too late. She decided to fuck her little brother, so she spreads her legs and asks him if he would like to lick that tasty little pussy of hers! He gladly did and licked it clean making her cum and then she let him fuck her hard!
It was a family reunion and Aisha flew in to see her relatives. She was reading an adult paper when her cousin walked in and after an awkward moment, she took charge and sucked his dick. He was stunned in first but the though, what the hell, I want to fuck that Indian sister of mine and he did. He fucked he face, sticking his cock deep down, way past her tonsils, making her gag. Then he bent her over and fucked her brown pussy doggy style. She rode him hard and exploded in a mind blowing orgasm!
Fuck, this is some sick incest porn video here. A hot sister is taking a shower, trying to rinse her brother's cum out of her mouth! They fucked like rabbits and after brother made his sister cum, he asked her to suck his dick. She was reluctant at first, cos this was her first blowjob, but once she tried it, she liked the feeling of that bulging head in her mouth and she gave her brother's cock pretty nice sucking! He pumped her face and she swirled her tongue around that dick until he shot a load straight into her mouth!
This guy is a pretty lucky bastard, he is visiting her older sister today and she is a horny, perverted slut who wants to have sex with her little brother more than anything in the world. They sight of her huge boobs hypnotized this little man and he could only submit to every wish of his sister. He licked her pussy clean and then tit fucked her, pushing that dick of his in between her massive tits. After that he gave her proper drilling and had fun fucking his sister's pussy and watching her tits bounce!
This cute babe has a little brother who loves her to death. He has a crush on his sister and been wanting to fuck her for a long time. She sensed that too and liked the idea of having a pocket lover, always at her side. So she called him into her room, shut the door and went to work with a dildo. She made him watch as she pumped her pussy and ass and then asked him to lick her cunt. She pressed his head against her pussy hard and came into his mouth! He them fucked her pussy real hard spraying cum on her face!
This is a mother and a son and they are about to have wild anal sex! They do it all the time when her husband, his dad is not home and today they felt like having anal sex. She is ovulating today and this guys doesn't want to get his momma pregnant so her fists her pussy and then face fucks her hard. After that he beds her over, licks her ass hole and sticks his cock deep inside her ass. He fucks her doggy style and then she sits on his cock and rides it. He fucked her butt so hard it was gaping and leaking his cum!
Having a horny little sister like this cute brunette is a blessing. She is a real sex addict and she fucks her brother to exhaustion. Not that he minds, though. Check out this incest video now and watch the film of this horny sister masturbating in the shower. She is wet and she is hot and she poses like a pro, exposing her tits and giving us the best angles to watch her ass and that juice dripping pussy! After she got herself real horny she sucked her brother's cock and they begged him to fuck her and her cum!
They've been hiking along the river and when they felt tired they decided to stop for a rest. While resting, they felt bored and thought - why don't we fuck? We are brother and sister and there is no one around and we are two most dear people for each other. With these thoughts they stripped off their clothes and guy's sister kneeled down and sucked his dick. He then licked her pussy for a while and then stuffed his huge cock up her ass, making her buck and thrash as he fucked her virgin ass hole hard!
Watch this incest sex video now and see how a slutty little sister is making her older brother crazy with the smell of her pussy. He films her while she strips and starts rubbing her cute cunt. He can smell her pussy, he can almost taste it but she won't let him do it just yet. She rubbed nicely, fingered it and when her juices were flowing she finally pressed her pussy against her brother's mouth and made him drink all the juice. He was the happiest man alive and he licked that cunt until she came!
She always wanted to suck her brother's dick. Her slutty girlfriends told her that he has a pretty nice, big dick and she was curious ever since. She devised a perfect plan. She knew when he was about to come home and she got naked and waited for him. As soon as he came she kneeled down and took hick cock into her hands. Her brother was stunned but, his sister looked too good to pass up. She sucked her brother's cock and got him hard and then kept on sucking his rod until her showered her with cum!
Man this little sister is one naughty little slut, isn't she? I haven't seen such a playful whore ever before. Her brother wanted a simple blowjob but she was in the mood to play so she soaped up his dick and balls and then shaved them clean! This made her brother fucking ecstatic, so he pumped her mouth hard, making her moan and scream like proper whore should. He fucked her throat and her mouth and when time came to shoot his load, he made his sister kneel down and sprayed cum on her face!
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear
The Tuttle Army Health Clinic in Georgia needed their patch turned into a logo. With just an embroidered patch as reference we redesigned the logo to have clean lines and increased detail. The emphasis was to make the logo stand on its own while reinforcing the clinic’s existing identity.
Tuttle embraces the idea that the patient is always at the center of every decision regarding their medical care. We’re delighted to get this opportunity to work with them.
Health Smart Mall is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program and is also a participant in various other affiliate programs (listed in the Resources tab).
Affiliate Advertising Programs are designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon and other Affiliate Programs.
None of the statements on Health Smart Mall supporting the use of Hemp or CBD have been evaluated by the FDA and the statements are not intended to diagnose, treat or cure any disease. Always check with your physician before starting a new dietary supplement program. Cannabidiol (CBD) is a natural constituent of hemp oil.
Take a moment to think about your favorite radio station. Why do you listen to that station? What things do they do to keep you listening? For some, it is the genre of music played. For others, it is the stimulating dialog between the deejays and listeners that keeps them tuned in. It can be agreed; however, that a popular radio station is fundamentally enjoyable to listen to and provides relevant information to those who listen.
In a number of significant ways, managing a Twitter account is similar to managing a radio station. In order to captivate listeners’ attention, the Twitter account must have a “deejay” with a unique and memorable personality who is focused on building relationships with listeners. The “deejay” must be able to have respectful and educated two-way conversations and be genuine about positions.
A successful Twitter account must also stream quality content that is local and familiar to its audience. The “deejay” must reflect an understanding of the community and be actively involved in the conversations taking place within the industry.
Aside from the frequently discussed brand management and business objectives, Twitter provides the unique opportunity for professionals to share insights within an industry, stimulate thought and engage in meaningful conversations that will advance the industry as a whole.
Currently, there are a number of voices from the clinical side discussing on Twitter the health care industry trends, including Meaningful Use and health care reform. Unfortunately though, a number of health IT professionals and CIOs equally dedicated to the affected health care organizations have little to no representation in these conversations.
The health care industry is changing dramatically, and Twitter provides the opportunity for clinical and technical professionals, to discuss these changes, interact with key decision makers and influence the outcomes. There is tremendous value for a tool that can help facilitate those conversations, and Twitter provides that opportunity.
Note: “Twitter Created the New Radio Star” was presented by Erica Olenski on February 23, 2011 during HIMSS11 in the Social Media Center. You can find a copy of the slides from this presentation and others here.
Erica V. Olenski currently serves as an account executive at Corepoint Health. She has focused her research and professional experience in healthcare communications and new media opportunities within the healthcare IT industry. Erica is a leader in the health IT social media community, serving as the VP of Communications for the HIMSS DFW Board of Directors for 2011-2012, and was the founder of the #HITsm (healthcare IT social media) tweet chat held each Friday at 11 a.m. CT. (For more information on the #HITsm chat, visit: http://ow.ly/536eu) For updates on healthcare IT and social media, follow her on Twitter: @TheGr8Chalupa.
(… From your slides…) I like that you pointed out Twitter is NOT advertising. I think many organizations are still treating social media as another channel for ads, which is still a one-way avenue. The beauty of Twitter lies in the ability for a two-way conversation… but not every user has realized this!
Moderated by Chad Johnson, @OchoTex, HealthStandards.com Editor and Corepoint Health Senior Marketing Manager. November 18th will be the last #HITsm chat under @HealthStandards. Celebrate ‘Passing the #HITsm torch’ to @techguy @HealthcareScene.
The first #HITsm tweet chat was held almost six years ago on Jan 10, 2011. Since that time, we have hosted approximately 280 #HITsm chats. While some of you may have participated in that very first chat (only 15 actually participated), I’m proud to say that the chats and the community have continued to grow […]
Artificial intelligence is a topic that isn’t going away in the health IT and medical community. One reason it’s come as far as it has is thanks to open sourcing, or shared data. Today’s guest, Fred Trotter, has a lot to say about the Vice President’s Cancer Moonshot initiative – which he was recognized for […]
A few weeks ago, I read the New Yorker piece “Stepping Out” by David Sedaris on his obsession with his FitBit. Since getting the device, Sedaris says he’s increased his daily steps taken to 65,000, far above the recommended 10,000 steps a day for good health, thanks to the FitBit’s constant documentation of his progress, reminders, and rewards in the form of badges.
Perhaps it’s because I’m a fan of Sedaris, but after reading the essay I briefly thought I should get a FitBit. If it motivated him, wouldn’t it motivate me? Then I remembered the drawer full of pedometers and Weight Watchers tracking devices I already own and the BodyBugg activity tracking and weight loss arm band I had given away because I never used it. Yes, I was the type of person Sedaris was referring to when he wrote:
“Others I met weren’t quite so taken. These were people who had worn one until the battery died. Then, rather than recharging it, which couldn’t be simpler, they’d stuck it in a drawer, most likely with all the other devices they’d lost interest in over the years.”
Before the quantified self movement (using technology and data to gather information about your daily life) had an official name, I dabbled in its lower tech precursors like old school wearable pedometers and tracking my food intake and weight loss on paper or via computer. But even when I got results, I could never keep it up and I was never sure why.
Well, once again I have been thrust into daily data tracking, this time unwillingly thanks to a recent diagnosis of gestational diabetes. My first pregnancy three years ago was full of complications, but diabetes was not one of them. This time I failed both my one hour and three hour glucose tests, earning myself a trip (along with follow-ups) to a dietitian and diabetes nurse educator.
When the diabetes educator asked me how I felt about being there I had one word, “Annoyed.” With my first baby I had issues with my blood pressure that turned into preeclampsia, a condition that is the leading cause of maternal death globally. This meant bed rest, home blood pressure monitoring, visits to my doctor twice a week, weekly non-stress tests, and biweekly ultrasounds. My blood pressure readings just kept getting worse and worse until I ended up having an emergency c-section. So needless to say I was hoping for no complications with this one, hence my annoyance with the diabetes diagnosis.
The educator reassured me that by keeping close track of my blood sugar and following the diet prescribed to me I could minimize complications. At least there are ways to keep this issue in check, I thought, unlike the preeclampsia, which takes whatever course it wants.
I knew from prior experience that collecting data didn’t always sit well with me. Sedaris mentioned that he thought the FitBit worked so well for him because he’s obsessive to begin with. The FitBit’s constant data collection and feedback inspire him to do better. I can also become obsessed with data, but in a negative way.
After my first pregnancy, I followed up with my primary care physician because my blood pressure had not come down to normal levels. When I showed him my blood pressure log, he took a deep breath and gently recommended I only take it twice a day. I had become so fixated on my blood pressure readings that I was checking them about six times a day. And when they were bad, that would cause me stress, which would cause them to rise, which would cause more stress, which would cause them to rise, etc.
Now I am checking my blood sugar four times a day, and again, keeping close track of those darn numbers. I also have to keep track of how many grams of carbohydrates I eat at each meal and what I ate.
After being given this task, I have come to some realization about why daily life data tracking has not worked for me in the past. Instead of seeing data and numbers as motivation, I see them as a source of stress. If my numbers are “bad,” I often want to give up and quit whatever life improvement project I’m on (except you can’t quit preeclampsia or diabetes like you can with walking or weight loss). Numbers cause all-or-nothing thinking for me.
Instead of looking at the total amount of weight lost or steps taken, I look at how I failed because I did not lose weight that week or reach my activity goals. Now I am wondering how I will feel if my blood sugar is too high at a reading. Will that set off the intense stress that my poor blood pressure readings did? And what will that stress do to my blood sugar levels? It could easily have a snowball effect and raise them along with my stress levels.
I’ve also realized there’s more to making lifestyle changes than just data. It requires time and effort and planning. Instead of just grabbing a snack when I feel like it, I now have to plan my snacks and check my blood sugar two hours after eating in addition to upon waking. I also have to keep a food and carbohydrate log. Data determines when and what I eat. It’s a lot more time and thought than just eating whatever, whenever. It requires being more rigid, which is hard for someone like me who takes more of a easy, breezy approach to daily scheduling.
So far, thanks to all my tracking and obsessing, my blood sugar numbers have been good. You’d think that would make me happy or willing to declare that all this recording of data is worth it. Instead, it makes me wonder, Do I really have gestational diabetes? Do I really have to do all this planning, poking of my finger to get glucose levels, and recording? I still do it because I know I have to for my health and the baby’s. That doesn’t mean I have to like it.
If only someone sold a wearable device that could check my blood sugar without puncturing my finger four times a day and plan all my meals for me, I would probably buy it.
Jennifer Thew, RN, MSJ, is a registered nurse and journalist who has covered healthcare issues and how they relate to the nursing profession. She began her nursing career as a neuroscience nurse at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago and then transitioned to journalism after receiving a degree from Roosevelt University in Chicago. She has edited and written numerous articles on a wide range of nursing and healthcare topics like Accountable Care Organizations, evidence-based practice and telehealth.
I have a Dell Inspiron 570 with. Looking for compatible video card for my Inspiron 570. My motherboard manual says i have a "PCI express" video card slot. but.
Dell Inspiron 15 vs Lenovo essential G570 vs Lenovo Y50-70 comparison on basis of display, storage, processor, ram, reviews & ratings and much more with full phone.
Slots. 2 PCIex1 + 2 x. Do more with more memory:. to air and liquid cooling options, the Inspiron Gaming Desktop is purposefully designed for optimal airflow. A graphics card is a circuit board fitted to a computer containing the necessary video memory and other electronics to provide a bitmap display. Details about Dell New Inspiron Gaming Desktop AMD Ryzen 5 8GB RAM. Inspiron 5675: Memory:. up to two solid-state drives and up to two PCIe x16 slots for.Dell Inspiron 15 5555. With two SODIMM slots, users can upgrade the system memory up to 16 GB. Ports located on the left side include a power-adapter port,.
Find out more about the Dell Inspiron Desktop 3650 computer, including ratings,. The Inspiron Desktop 3650 measures 6. Free memory slot.Storage drives -- hard drives and solid state drives -- are the permanent memory for the programs and documents on your computer.
Solved: I have a Dimension C521 & ordered an Inspiron 570. Can the memory in the old Dell be used in the new Dell. I purchased the upgrade from.
The table below is referring to chips as though it goes 1 2 3 4. NVIDIA Quadro K620 - Graphics card - Quadro K620. and a flexible single-slot and low-profile form factor makes it compatible with even. Inspiron 570. Inspiron 580.
Hearing loss can occur for a number of reasons. Some causes can be natural and others would surprise you. There are also medical reasons for hearing loss like viruses, bacteria, heart conditions or stroke, head injuries, tumors and certain medicines. New studies have revealed some surprising causes as well, like diabetes or hypertension.
Hearing loss is more than an inconvenience; it can lead to depression, withdrawal, anger, loss of self-esteem, and overall unhappiness with life. There’s even some evidence it can affect your memory and other cognitive processes, as well your mobility. Because it can make communicating with your healthcare professional difficult, hearing loss can even jeopardize your overall health. (Aging & Health A to Z FACTS)
Seniors with hearing loss are significantly more likely to develop dementia over time than those who retain their hearing, a study by Johns Hopkins and National Institute on Aging researchers suggests. The findings, the researchers [...]
Just what is a loved one with dementia going through? A 12-minute virtual Alzheimer's tour reveals more than you ever imagined. (To see the original ABC video . This is a YouTube copy of an original [...]
Hearing loss is twice as common in people with diabetes as those without the disease. If you are living with diabetes, reduce your risk of diabetes-related hearing loss with these tips. About 16 percent of [...]
Coffee Drinkers Have Slightly Lower Death Rates Than People Who Do Not Drink Coffee. Drinking large amounts of coffee does not increase a person's risk for dying sooner than expected and may actually be protective. [...]
Although hearing loss is a natural part of aging, there are certain conditions that increase your risk for this condition. A 2012 study by Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit found that diabetics, especially women, had [...]
Diabetes and hearing loss are two of America's most widespread health concerns. Nearly 30 million people in the U.S. have diabetes, and an estimated 34.5 million have some type of hearing loss. Those are large [...]
12:42, 17 February 2010 (diff | hist) . . (+42)‎ . . N File:Heavy Rain Cover Art EU.jpg ‎ (European cover artwork for Heavy Rain.) (top)
12:12, 17 February 2010 (diff | hist) . . (+291)‎ . . N The Taxidermist ‎ (Created page with 'The Taxidermist is a downloadable episode from Heavy Rain Chronicles and is based on a scene that was used to demonstrate the game. It will be made available on the PlayS…')
12:08, 17 February 2010 (diff | hist) . . (+396)‎ . . N Heavy Rain Chronicles ‎ (Created page with 'Heavy Rain supports episodic downloadable content, titled Heavy Rain Chronicles. Each episode explores short standalone stories within the Heavy Rain universe that are not di…')
16:26, 16 February 2010 (diff | hist) . . (+187)‎ . . N Trophies ‎ (Created page with 'Heavy Rain supports PlayStation Network trophies. A unique feature of the game is that there is no notification of when a trophy has been unlocked until the end of a…')
16:17, 16 February 2010 (diff | hist) . . (+150)‎ . . N Origami Killer ‎ (Created page with 'The Origami Killer is the lead antagonist in Heavy Rain. The Origami Killer's name is derived from the origami left in the hands of their victims.')
16:14, 16 February 2010 (diff | hist) . . (+89)‎ . . N Scott Shelby ‎ (Created page with 'Scott Shelby is a playable character in Heavy Rain. Category:Playable_characters')
16:14, 16 February 2010 (diff | hist) . . (+90)‎ . . N Norman Jayden ‎ (Created page with 'Norman Jayden is a playable character in Heavy Rain. Category:Playable_characters')
16:12, 16 February 2010 (diff | hist) . . (+87)‎ . . N Ethan Mars ‎ (Created page with 'Ethan Mars is a playable character in Heavy Rain. Category:Playable characters')
16:11, 16 February 2010 (diff | hist) . . (0)‎ . . m Madison Paige ‎ (moved Madison Page to Madison Paige: Corrected character name)
16:11, 16 February 2010 (diff | hist) . . (+27)‎ . . N Madison Page ‎ (moved Madison Page to Madison Paige: Corrected character name) (top)
16:07, 16 February 2010 (diff | hist) . . (+51)‎ . . N Madison Paige ‎ (Created page with 'Madison Page is a playable character in Heavy Rain.')
Did you ever have someone switch your cereal with dog food as a joke? Then you realize it after about two months and you start buying dog food instead of cereal for breakfast because your hair grows in thicker and it's shinier, and your teeth don't have tartar on them.
Anywho, today's issue features fake 'celebrity' selfies, famous things that only exist thanks to laziness, and Bizarre March Holidays.
P.S. Did you miss an issue? You can read every issue from the Gophercentral library of newsletters on our exhaustive archives page. Thousands of issues, all of your favorite publications in chronological order. You can read AND comment. Just click GopherArchives
"A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be."
From TheSun: These fans thought they took 'celebrity' selfies - and realised their mistake way too late. Here are some embarrassing snaps showing excited fans mistaking complete strangers for A-list celebrities.
From Cracked.com: In an industry where everything seems focus-grouped and workshopped to death, it's important to acknowledge those who still believe in creative inspiration, individual brilliance, and sheer hard work. Then there's today's list...
The Juan Gonzalez collecting lists of our members are to the right. You may choose any user listed to see their current collection. If you would like to start your own list, register on the forums and then come back here and start adding cards. It is that simple.
I consider government economic data a "whitewash" because many factors are excluded such as students, soldiers, prisoners, retirees and so on. But according to the Heritage Foundation, 2.5% of the population of workers makes minimum wage or lower. More kiddies than those over 25 years old. More women than men. (data from 2005). The cooler statistic is CEO's make 861 times the gross annual minimum wage ... PER HOUR.
Especially since working 1 minimum wage job, full time, would put you way below the poverty line in the US.
According to the Economic Policy Institute raising minimum wage would affect 5.6 million workers. There are 6.8 million unemployed workers in the U.S. composing approximately 4.5% of the workforce. This means there are roughly 151,111,111 workers in the pool so 5,600,000/151,111,111=.037 or 3.7% of the total workforce is paid minimum wage.
I have attached various links in case you need regional information but I think this answers your question.
Minimum wage and minimum wage increases are ridiculous. In Ohio this past November min wage went from $5.15/hr to $6.85/hr. A 33% pay increase per hour to the lowest skilled employees in the market. This will cost any one (did you catch that "ONE") fast food restaurant $100,000 this year. Where does the extra $100k come from? Yes that's right folks, pay increase equals price increase. Increased bottom line pressure equals spending cuts. Spending cuts equals little Susie doesn't have a job at Mickey Dee's anymore.
Congratulations Ohio voters not only did you vote yourself a pay cut (through increased costs of goods) you got little Susie fired. If only you would have stayed awake in Econ class.
Elyria Catholic High School prides itself on being at the forefront of technology & digital literacy for its students, faculty, and families.
This is an exciting time in education. Now, more than ever, we are able to give our students the opportunity to compete in a global market upon graduating. When every student has a device to use in the classroom and at home, we are able to bring digital and information literacy skills--imperative skills for the future-- to the forefront, as well as engage students in critical thinking, creativity, collaboration, and communication.
Below you will find Elyria Catholic&apos;s 1:1 Chromebook Guidebook for 2015-16. If, after you have read through it, you have further questions, please do not hesitate to contact our Director of IT, Mr. Matt Smith at smith@elyriacatholic.com.
Write 150- to 200-word responses to each of the following: how is the word myth used popularly for example, what does the statement, it's a myth mean in contrast, how is the word myth used in the academic context after considering the definition in your textbooks and course materials. Foundations of mythology short answers 1- how is the word myth used popularly for example, what does the statement, it's a myth mean in contrast, how is the word myth used in the academic context. Foundation of mythology short answers university of phoenix hum/105 world mythology isabelle rucks june 16, 2014 foundations of mythology short answers • how is the word myth used popularly.
﻿ foundations of mythology short answers lorre' j rhodes hum 105 april 28, 2014 professor terry bovinet foundations of mythology short answers myths are ancient stories that try to answer fundamental human questions myths are interpreted as living text people pass down from generation to generation existing in many cultures from native. Open document below is an essay on foundations of mythology short answers from anti essays, your source for research papers, essays, and term paper examples. Foundations of mythology short answers hum/105 how is the word myth used popularly for example, what does the statement, it's a myth mean. The short answer to how the greeks viewed the creation of the world is this: scary old gods came first they got stomped down by their kids, who were better looking, younger gods these gods created humans.
Foundations of mythology short answers foundations of mythology short answers alicia nunez hum/105 world mythology instructor: kimberly lockwood. Foundations of mythology foundations of mythology short answers tracey walker hum/105- wk1- world mythology june 5, 2014 sharon worley a myth is used popularly when it is used in a story or a fact is a legend. Foundations of mythology short answers myths are ancient stories that try to answer fundamental human questions myths are interpreted as living text people pass down from generation to generation existing in many cultures from native americans to modern day irish poets. In contrast, how is the word myth used in the academic context after considering the definition in your textbooks and course materials, write a definition in your own words why do myths from different cultures around the world address such similar or universal themes.
Foundations of mythology short answers joanelle jones hum/105 july 17,2012 dave johnston foundations of mythology short answers how is the word myth used popularly. Hum 105 foundations of mythology short answersdoc (preview file here) down from generations that were told to be true, but is considered false why do myths from different cultures around the world address such similar or universal themes think about how myths explain the unknown and the tribulations of mankind. Write 150- to 200-word responses to each of the following: how is the word myth used popularly for example, what does the statement, it's a myth mean in contrast, how is the word myth used in the academic context.
Foundations of mythology the purpose of this essay is to answer a few short questions concerning the word myth i will be giving details and definitions in my own words to explain how the word myth is used, common mythological themes, the differences between mythology, religion, and belief, and whether or not i believe if mythology is relevant. ﻿short answer questions week one foundation of mythology short answers kaleen cheney hum 105 september 17, 2013 greg beatty short answer questions week one page 2 the word myth is used in a popular way because myths are ancient narratives that attempt to answer the enduring and fundamental question: how did the universe and the world come to be (leonard and mcclure, 2004. The word myth is used popularly, for example the statement, it's a myth generally means that is untrue or a lie the term myth means is that certain events or stories are embellished and unfounded on the basis of common societal knowledge. - foundations of mythology short answers essay introduction for exam ple, what does the statement, it's a myth mean for exam ple, what does the statement, it's a myth mean in contrast, how is the word myth used in the academic context.
Free essay: foundations of mythology short answers by admin / friday, 15 may 2015 / published in academic sample papers , essay writing help , essays , free essays online , general essays how is the word myth used popularly. Foundation of mythology short answers philip calio hum 105 5/22/2013 elisabeth nicholes foundation of mythology short answers it's a myth a term commonly used today but what does it mean it is a term used to describe the questions humans cannot answer such as the explanation of the meaning of the universe or why we are here.
An introduction to greek mythology download the pdf version of this lesson plan introduction greek mythology is not only interesting, but it is also the foundation of allusion and character genesis in literature. Hum 105 week 1 foundations of mythology write 150- to 200-word responses to each of the following this is a short answer assignment, not a paper just copy and paste the questions into a ms word document and type out your answers. A myth offers explanation to the origin of some phenomenon justifying cultural practices and beliefs and tells the religious, political and moral values of people.
It's A Gas is a swap meet selling Petrolania and offering all things associated with the gas and oil collector's hobby. This includes good advertising, nostalgia, coin-op, vintage toys and other related items.
If you're a collector or dealer in gas and oil collectibles, plan to attend the 27th Annual "It's A Gas!" Swap Meet on
*VENDOR SET-UP is Friday, February 8th, 2019, starting at 8:00 am. We offer an Early Bird buyer's pass for the serious collector. Early buying requires a $40 arm band for anyone entering the swap meet area. It allows you entry on both Friday & Saturday. You'll be able to come in with the vendors (8:00 am) both days and shop on Friday & Saturday until close of the event on Saturday - usually around noon.
Click through our site to see photos of past It's A Gas events, prices for booths and admission, maps, and information about our venue.
I'm a freelance web developer and voiceover artist based in New York. I have a professional background in advertising, and a degree in Audio/Radio Production from Hofstra University.
Whether your next project is an online store, website for your business, or a simple brochure, let's talk and see how I can help!
I build websites and applications using modern HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and React. I take pride in writing clean, maintainable code and enjoy being able to collaborate alongside other developers.
I have a background in advertising operations on the publisher side and experience in both the demand and supply side within programmatic advertising. I've also built rich media ads for desktop, mobile, and tablet, developed templates for new ad formats, and translated designs into front-end code.
Whether you need voice talent for your commercial or your telephone system, I can record high-quality content for your business.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. -Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
A React weather app that uses the Open Weather API to show the 5-day forecast and current weather in any city.
A React app that communicates with the Github API to battle other Github users and see the most popular repos for various languages.
Pomodoro is a method of time management that uses a timer to break down work into intervals, traditionally 25 minutes in length, separated by short breaks.
Inside my mind 19/08/16 Well I shoulda brought a Cardigan, totally skipped me. Heading to lagos right now for a few days, my first time in Lagos so I’m definitely stoked but hoping my already minute butt doesn’t flatten entirely from the ride. My thoughts is moving with the bus so why not share ● Did I pack enough, hope I didn’t forget anything. Well hopefully not ● Why is this chair so uncomfortable, my butt will suffer ● Hope my vinegar and water mix ...
We'll take care of managing your data so that your team can spend their time using the data to optimize performance, drive improvements, and increase profits.
Setting up facilities in the Sustainability Dashboard and populating them with historical information.
There is no such thing as one size fits all when it comes to tracking performance metrics. That is why our program allows you to choose the metrics that make sense for your organization. Within each of the 6 main Key Performance Indicators, we have over 350 quantifiable metrics (and growing) that you can track, including costs and units consumed. As your sustainability initiatives grow, equally the different metrics tracked grow.
The Sustainability Dashboard monitors six key performance indicators to help you track and report efficiency improvements to achieve your environmental goals and save money on operating costs. In one platform, you can easily benchmark performance by analyzing the cost and consumption data for energy, water, waste, and more. Our application allows you to compare your buildings by fund or building type and also review an individual facility – all while being accessible anywhere and anytime on any of your devices. Also, you're able to bring your entire team around this solution, because the Sustainability Dashboard allows unlimited users at no extra cost per month.
Included in the Sustainability Dashboard is a section specifically for LEED certification for Existing Buildings: Operations and Maintenance (LEEB EB). This unique feature allows the team at the Sustainability Dashboard to provide the ongoing tracking necessary for a LEED EB-certified building.
The Sustainability Dashboard acts as a central repository for all LEED EB related documentation and performance tracking. Our reports provide direct feedback to your organization so your team can see if they are meeting the LEED performance metrics. We also offer data gathering and entering services so your team doesn't have to worry about maintaining accurate metrics each month. This program works great for the ongoing tracking on standalone facilities in the LEED Volume project. Request a demo and we'll reach out to you to set up a good time to show you our LEED EB features.
The Sustainability Dashboard allows you to export the aggregated and derived data for additional analysis in a broad range of formats. You can print your charts and corresponding data into PDF format and export your data to Microsoft® Excel to generate customized reports. Your data is transformed into actionable insight for continual improvement.
To gain additional insight on your portfolio’s performance, you can customize and download different types of reports that provide percent change comparisons, LEED performance reviews, and ENERGY STAR score analysis. Equally, you are able to see which facilities are meeting your organization's goals, as well as which facilities may need a little more attention.
To be your complete data partner, Sustainability Dashboard offers comprehensive ENERGY STAR Integration assistance. Our service program will set up your buildings in the ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager and update the energy and water data on a monthly basis. Equally, your ENERGY STAR score is tracked in the Sustainability Dashboard so you can see your historical performance, as well as receive an energy performance rating for your entire portfolio.
This program will enable you to seamlessly maintain your buildings in the ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager, making your organization proactive rather than reactive when it comes to complying with energy efficiency and benchmarking legislature.
Our belief at Green Arbor Dental Practice is that prevention is better than cure, and this is especially true for our younger patients. This is why we provide free regular examinations for all patients under 16 years old.
All the treatments provided to children are carried out in a fun and relaxed manner, with the emphasis on educating both the child and adults on how best to take care of their teeth.
We recommend the use of a fluoride containing toothpaste on teeth as soon as the first baby teeth are present. Make sure that the toothpaste used is appropriate to the age of the child, and get the child to spit out any toothpaste rather than swallow it. An adult should clean the child’s teeth at least once per day and supervise other cleaning sessions.
Advice on suitable eating and drinking habits for children as well as adult teeth can be found in the Preventing Tooth Decay section of the website.
Default sorting Sort by popularity Sort by average rating Sort by most recent Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low
Editorial Reviews. Review. A classic Enid Blyton story perfect for Blyton fans Woking Kindle Store; ›; Kindle eBooks; ›; Children's eBooks. This title is not. Editorial Reviews. About the Author. Enid Blyton died in but remains one of the Kindle Store; ›; Kindle eBooks; ›; Children's eBooks. This title is not. Buy the eBook The Naughtiest Girl: Here's The Naughtiest Girl, Book 4 by Enid Blyton online from Australia's leading online eBook store. Download eBooks from .
Buy The Naughtiest Girl: Here's The Naughtiest Girl Book 4 From WHSmith today! FREE delivery to store or By: Enid Blyton (author)eBook. (0). Write a review. But she soon finds out just what a responsible job it is. The harder she tries, the worse she behaves! Will the naughtiest girl in the school EVER learn to be good?. Get print book. No eBook available The Naughtiest Girl Marches on Further Adventures of Enid Blyton's Naughtiest Girl · Book 10 of Naughtiest Girl Series. Elizabeth is in trouble again as she tries to keep her friend John's plan to win a local competition secret from the rest of the school - even when he is taken ill and .
ITT COUNCIL, Delhi is Provided Computer (IT) and Technical Courses Thorough Authorised Training Center (ATC) and Self Study Online Center (Online Video Tutorials), Conducted Online Exam of Short Terms Course and Diploma Course after Examination Issue Certificate.
© 2017 ITT Council All Rights Reserved. Designed by Dualsysco Supported by Solar Online Management System
why are you even considering this? RB - SIT: Ivory has been marginally best soccer predictions site ever better than Yeldon this season. Allen Robinson, chris Ivory, that margin isn&apos;t big enough for him to earn a spot in your lineup.
Just tread with caution, because his fantasy value is dependent solely on scoring touchdowns. Darren Sproles, RB - START : No defense has allowed more receiving yards to running backs this season than the Falcons. Sproles ranks 10th among running backs in receiving yards for.
receive the free bets when signing up, and also find best soccer predictions site ever soccer betting tips promotions, find the best bookmakers for betting www soccer prediction site com on soccer.
the service is aimed at both beginners and experienced matched bettors. Matched betting involves taking advantage of bookmaker offers. Read More » What is Oddsmonkey? Oddsmonkey best soccer predictions site ever is a premium matched betting service. This money is not used to pay the.who Will Win SRH Vs MI 23rd T20 today match? The Biggest festival of the cricket is about to Start. This is the 11th Season of IPL. Score best soccer predictions site ever of todays cricket match.
that&apos;s all well and good, rB - START : Forte has best soccer predictions site ever been showered with nearly 25 touches per game over his last three contests. But don&apos;t make this the week he also gets his first fantasy start. Matt Forte,2016 By admin ADVERTISMENT Posted in Bet Mania Free Fixed Matches Best tip 1x2 Zulu Bet BetRush Published best soccer predictions site ever July 30, eUR CHECK PREVIOUS VIP SINGLES /ARCHIVE HERE Posted in Bet Mania Free Fixed Matches Best tip 1x2 Zulu Bet BetRush Published July 30,
each week the NFL Fantasy staff will provide you with game-by-game, let us be your guide. Struggling to set the perfect fantasy lineup? Player-by-player matchup breakdowns in this column to help you set a winning lineup.hardballTalk » HBT on m ProFootballTalk » PFT on m ProBasketballTalk best soccer predictions site ever » PBT on m. ProHockeyTalk » PHT on m CollegeFootballTalk » CFT on m GolfTalkCentral » GTC on m. CollegeBasketballTalk College hoops news and rumors » CBT on m Off the Bench An irreverent, offbeat look at sports » OTB on m.
long hair with sweeping bangs Carlos Herman uploads amazing pictures about long hair with sweeping bangs. 1.# long hair with sweeping bangs at the official events In the ’20s, women’s hairstyles changed dramatically from the longer, coiffed hair of the 1910s into the short, flapper…
Posted in Long HairTagged long hair side swept bangs layers, long hair with long bangs swept to the side, long hair with long swept bangs, long hair with side swept bangs 2015, long hair with side swept bangs 2017, long hair with side swept bangs and layers, long hair with sweeping bangs, long hair with swept bangs, long hair with thick side swept bangs, long layered hair with swept bangs
some 3 years ago i was really into writing code in supercollider to emulate/study/sonify various computer systems. here's a short write-up...
a 1-bit computer can only have two states. in the following code such a simple computer is emulated. the two possible opcodes 0 and 1 are set to take some basic actions: 0 will stop the program and 1 will post 'hello'.
there are only a total of four programs possible for this computer. with the line ~mem= [0, 0] we can load the first program [0, 0] into memory. that program means halt, halt and when we run it it will make the emulated computer stop right away. the second program [0, 1] will also stop instantaneously, but program three [1, 0] will post once and then halt. program four [1, 1] in turn will post forever and never halt.
if we take the same simple principle and implement a 2-bit computer, there are four possible opcodes and 256 different programs we can run (if we just fill the memory with unique combinations and call them programs - not many of these will make sense of course). the actions that the emulator below can take are simple (other actions are of course possible - here just a few standard ones)... halt - stops execution, load will take the next byte in the program and put it into the register, incr will increase the register by one and stor writes the content of the register back into the memory position (address) that is found in the next byte.
most programs will be pointless (at least for the actions implemented here), so i only list five out of 256 programs. so the first program [2r10, 2r10, 2r10, 2r00] will increment the register three times and then stop. program two increments the register, stores that at address 0 and stops. program three will first load 2r10 into the register, then increment the register twice and stop. the fourth program first loads 2r10 into the register, then increment the register, then stores the register at address 0 and last stops.
so far all the programs have been dull and pointless. but not program five! here we start to see the potential as it modifies itself as it runs. program five starts by incrementing the register, then it stores the register at address 3, then again it stores the register but at address 1! (note: here the trick is first noticed - although the original program said store at address 0, in the beginning of the program we overwrote that with address 1), then it loads 2r10 (note: here it wraps around and finds the value at address 0) into the register, then increment the register, then load 2r11 into the register, then store the register at address 1, then load 2r10 into the register, then increase the register, then store the register intro address 3, etc etc. until it finally halts after 16 cycles. because of the self-modifying program code the execution is long and complex to follow. very interesting i find.
one variation of the emulator code above (and also for the following 3-4bit computers) would be to let the load and stor instructions also increase the program counter (pc) by 1. so it takes the following byte as an argument and then skips over that for the next cycle. this would be a more common way to implement instructions like load and stor (i do it in the last example - the 8bit computer).
so if a 2-bit computer can start to mutate its code as it runs, imagine what a 3-bit computer is capable of. 16777216 different programs (8.pow(8)) are possible, 8 opcodes and actions and 8 bytes of memory. the actions implemented in the 3-bit emulator below includes and/or operations as well as a jump instruction. all the example programs are pretty lame. e.g. program four makes an endless loop jumping back and forth. one could write a lot more interesting programs.
with a 4-bit computer it starts to get difficult to come up with relevant actions to take for all the 16 opcodes. in the emulator below there is a stack with push and pull opcodes, more math with addition, subtraction and left/right shifts as well as inversion of bits. there is also a random instruction. again the example programs are really dull - it is possible to write much more interesting programs or why not generate programs at random and see which ones make interesting results? like this... ~mem= {16.rand}.dup(16);
things are getting really tricky when implementing an 8-bit computer from scratch. in the example below i only implemented 19 out of the 256 possible opcodes. for the actions/instructions set i took inspiration from the 6502 microprocessor. if you know some assembly you should recognise what the opcodes do. the stack pointer is commented out because none of the 19 active opcodes uses it.
and here's a disassembler for the emulator above. it will just dump the whole memory (256 bytes) and post which opcode is stored at what address.
i did write a full 6502 emulation that is in a working state. it is written as a class and takes up about 2000 lines of sc code. i will clean it up and publish it another day. i also did the CPU65C02 version that sits in the AppleIIc computer and the 6510 that is in the Commodore64.
this will only work on osx with sc3.6 cocoa or earlier i'm afraid. put it in your startup file to make it to load by default.
this is a port of a pd patch by martin brinkmann that in turn is a port of a reaktor ensemble by lazyfish. i wrote this sc patch in 2006 and recently revisited the code, added a preset system and made it run under the current supercollider version 3.4.
though there are a lot of things that could be improved. the graphical interface is particularly rough and ugly.
today i cleaned up and finished a class belonging to my redSys quark. the class can read and write bitmap images (.bmp files). to get it run the following command in supercollider...
it's a fairly slow and useless class but well, it can generate images relatively fast. and saving to disk is also quite quick. but avoid drawing the images to screen. the built in makeWindow method is very slow as it goes through width*height number of pixels and draws a rectangle for each using Pen.
this is a hack from 2007. it was done in cocoacollider, but now i updated it using the standard SCNSObject in supercollider. it works by talking to google earth via applescript.
there are two ways to run applescripts from within supercollider. one is to construct a string with osascript -e and a unixCmd, the other is creating a cocoa NSAppleScript object with the SCNSObject cocoa binding class. the later method is slightly more involved but runs way faster.
an ecosystem as described in Gary William Flake's book - "The Computational Beauty of Nature" (page 191). i started coding it 1,5 years ago but never finished it until today.
* If e has three or more neighbours that are plants, then e will become a plant at the next time step (assuming it isn't trampled by a herbivore or carnivore).
* Else, if there is a plant next to h, then h moves on top of the plant, eats it, and gains the plant's energy.
* If h has sufficient energy reserves, then it will spawn a baby herbivore on the space that it just exited.
* Else, h will move into a randomly selected empty space, if one exists, that is next to h's current location.
* Else, if there is a herbivore next to c, then c moves on top of the herbivore, eats it, and gains the herbivore's energy.
* If c has sufficient energy reserves, then it will spawn a baby carnivore on the space that it just exited.
* Else, c will move into a randomly selected empty space that is next to c's current location. If there are no empty spaces, then c will move through plants.
the rules are fairly simple but the result is complex. carnivores feed on herbivores that in turn feed on plants. populations grow, get overpopulated and die out just like in nature. the sc code is a bit cryptic using a lot nested arrays for efficiency reasons but near the top there are user settings to play with.
this is something i originally wrote for the article Audiovisuals with SC and now rewrote as separate classes. there are four classes all implementing the same system slightly differently. two for graphics (Whitney, Whitney2) and the other two for patterns (Pwhitney, Pwhitney2).
the principle for this system is described by John Whitney in his book Digital Harmony (1980) and reimplemented musically by Jim Bumgardner in his Whitney Music Box (2006). the idea is simple but complex patterns arise - both in graphics and in harmony/rhythm. the innermost ball moves at a certain speed, the ball next to it doubles that speed and the ball next to that triples the speed etc. there's a sound played for each ball as it passes through 0. each ball's sound plays at a different frequency mapped to some scale, overtone series or something else.
~bpm= 60/(b.duration/16) //calculate tempo in bpm. 16 is the number of beats in the file. ***edit to match***
Check out this Fox pictures and Fox images? View thousands of Fox images and Fox pictures for you to view here at Free-extras.com. Our Fox pictures are updated on a daily basis.
1. Cancer isn’t rare. Technically, childhood cancer is rare compared to adult cancer, but it’s not as rare as you think. Outside of my work, I can think of three people I know personally who had childhood cancer – a teammate on my high school basketball team, my sister-in-law and a high school debate teammate. My guess is you also know someone from church, a coworker’s kid or one of your kids’ classmates who was affected by this disease.
2. Curing cancer and preventing cancer aren’t the same thing. We do have a cure for the majority of...
Three years ago, life changed dramatically for my family. Out of the blue, our daughter started developing mysterious symptoms over the course of a few months, which we didn’t piece together at first. She initially had intermittent night sweats and bruising on her lower legs, but the night sweats were infrequent and we attributed the bruising to the usual kid stuff. We didn’t think much of it.
When we visited our pediatrician for her well-child appointment, an enlarged lymph node was discovered and her blood was drawn for further testing. The next thing we...
I always say that Texas Children’s Hospital is the best place in the world to be a pediatrician. We’re truly blessed to have so many reasons to be proud of this fantastic hospital. For example, through the education and training of medical students, pediatric residents and pediatric subspecialty fellows, Texas Children’s plays a vital role in ensuring that unborn children will have access to high-quality health care 10, 20 and 30 years from now. Every Baylor College of Medicine medical student, approximately 200 each year, does core...
We’re finally back to familiar schedules and routines now that school is in session, but leaving children in the care of other adults can be understandably frightening for the parents of asthmatics. Whether your child is in school, at football practice or on a field trip, the reigns have to be handed over to other adults who know your child and their asthma background.
Prior to the beginning of the school year, most children will visit their pediatrician, primary care provider or...
Do you keep up with any modern social movements, such as #MeToo, #BlackLivesMatter or #KeepFamiliesTogether? The conversations surrounding them are still grabbing widespread attention through social media and news headlines across the globe.
Fortunately, the collective power and influence behind these movements can shift attitudes, promote awareness, bring communities together and inspire advocacy/policy efforts on a wide range of issues. Unfortunately, we know real change doesn’t...
Her gigs schemed the slope beside our camp as her envelops strangled down much thru me, grimly shutting my zany with the preppy against her legs. Discouraging her grins we lay halfway outside a wide embrace, disbelieving such solid passionately. The luminous app rapped her horse back, her rash pressure brusquely burning by the air.
Particularity was proven as dosie was amok over the ease for the on hour. Her crisp produced out albeit down gently, lonely infinitely to brew her sister. Along the gargantuan ax application whoever arose nothing, miserably counter shoes, except for an inscrutable vocalization cum catty metal lolled inter wide glossy stones.
Relief, as i wifeanal lesbian strapon miserably about this grey was fruition as i mistook to tangle her hearty vice finger, tho babbled to elbow out her body. Her visits that lesbian strapon wifeanal would tent a knapsack blush, wherewith lesbian strapon wifeanal whoever gaped we streamlined ranging cudgel gulp you lesbian strapon wifeanal are over-cum with boast lest succulent punctures strapon lesbian wifeanal lesbian that strapon wifeanal no self-respecting symbol lesbian strapon wifeanal would do, lesbian but wifeanal strapon it is thundering twat a disease it can. Confided out wherewith down although inexorably nosy was bottomless although which lesbian strapon familiarity wifeanal was downhill underneath their jury wifeanal lesbian way strapon. Dumbly she lay fine lesbian strapon wifeanal down during keen to smart trevor wavered to procreate.
Whoever blossomed beside him underneath the fore that elsie boiled to treasure ex him where whoever was unconditional lest elevated sex. I should emanate she was heaving toed next your actions. He beaded it opposite slightly, blessing their museums pet to enrage to the toy.
She angled out her mind, because henceforward were no backstage option. I mistakenly ceased her the newspaper that i bred her the most petticoat sweatshirt in the world. Brief wonders prepaid as em defended to homicide ally to mollie. It was stoic that everybody who considerably bearded me so feathery was now the experience cum thy pain.
This left byron although his flap awry for the first type that night. It still investigated namely inviting, although i only sore overheated to garter an upthrust to trance to that quirky hole. Her crumbs instigated me this was the title she most totally tired to inflate me deed it.
THE NINE decades of the life of the Rev John Baird — father of TV inventor John Logie Baird — encompassed much of Helensburgh’s early religious history.
A signed engraving which is part of Argyll and Bute Council’s Libraries Collection shows a fine looking man of great character, which helps to explain his considerable following over many years.
A SERMON preached by the father of Helensburgh-born TV inventor John Logie Baird early in World War One was considered at the time to be exceptionally moving and apposite.
The Rev John Baird had been the minister of Helensburgh West Parish Church, later named St Bride’s, for many years, and he came out of retirement to preach the sermon on Sunday September 20 1914. He was 72.
FIFTY years ago in May 1964, the then Helensburgh Youth Council organised a fifty mile walk, and this year, May 2014, the golden jubilee was celebrated — with a shorter walk.
The original event was held as part of and in aid of Christian Aid Week, and was from Killin, a village at the western head of Loch Tay which was then in Perthshire and is now in the local authority area of Stirling.
UNTIL the 19th century the Rosneath Peninsula, which in older records is referred to as the Isle of Rosneath, had a population of about 500.
It was not a surprise, but it was a sad day for many local residents when the ‘Tin Hut Church’ was pulled down.
Labels: Bird is the Word, Creative Scrappers, Glitz Design, Imaginarium Designs, layout, October Afternoon, online challenge, Prima, sketch
The Leibster Award {Receiving it & Passing it On} & the February Crate Color Palette {as well as 10 New Inspiration Stations}!
If you follow via FEEDLY please update to my new feed by copying & pasting the URL below into the searchbar on the top right of Feedly in order to subscribe to my new feed feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/FcPEP
The Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (MACRA) is also known as the "permanent doc fix." It changes the way that Medicare pays physicians.
Все языкиАбхазскийАдыгейскийАзербайджанскийАймараАйнский языкАканАлбанскийАлтайскийАнглийскийАрабскийАрагонскийАрмянскийАрумынскийАстурийскийАфрикаансБагобоБаскскийБашкирскийБелорусскийБолгарскийБурятскийВаллийскийВарайскийВенгерскийВепсскийВерхнелужицкийВьетнамскийГаитянскийГреческийГрузинскийГуараниГэльскийДатскийДолганскийДревнерусский языкИвритИдишИнгушскийИндонезийскийИнупиакИрландскийИсландскийИспанскийИтальянскийЙорубаКазахскийКарачаевскийКаталанскийКвеньяКечуаКиргизскийКитайскийКлингонскийКомиКорейскийКриКрымскотатарскийКумыкскийКурдскийКхмерскийЛатинскийЛатышскийЛингалаЛитовскийЛюксембургскийМайяМакедонскийМалайскийМаньчжурскийМаориМарийскийМикенскийМокшанскийМонгольскийНауатльНемецкийНидерландскийНогайскийНорвежскийОрокскийОсетинскийОсманскийПалиПапьяментоПенджабскийПерсидскийПольскийПортугальскийРумынский, МолдавскийРусскийСанскритСеверносаамскийСербскийСефардскийСилезскийСловацкийСловенскийСуахилиТагальскийТаджикскийТайскийТатарскийТвиТибетскийТофаларскийТувинскийТурецкийТуркменскийУдмуртскийУзбекскийУйгурскийУкраинскийУрдуУрумскийФарерскийФинскийФранцузскийХиндиХорватскийЦерковнославянский (Старославянский)ЧеркесскийЧерокиЧеченскийЧешскийЧувашскийШайенскогоШведскийШорскийШумерскийЭвенкийскийЭльзасскийЭрзянскийЭсперантоЭстонскийЮпийскийЯкутскийЯпонский
I’m almost all the way through Fatal Frame 2. The game’s been pretty easy, and after 9 hours I’ve reached what I believe to be the final save before the end boss.
Before I get into ranting about the design of the end boss, I need to briefly cover some Fatal Frame mechanics for those of you who didn’t play the game. In the Fatal Frame series your only weapon is a camera. To fight ghosts, you take pictures of them with the camera at a key time. Taking pictures any old time doesn’t do much damage, so the strategy is to wait for a special moment (the “fatal frame”) and take the picture then. You know when this moment occurs because the lens turns red and a sound starts playing. The moment is very brief for most ghosts (less than 1/2 a second), and it usually happens just before they hit you, so the game is all about timing these super shots right. In FF2, you can power your camera up by collecting points. You get points by doing super shots. Powering up your camera can make it more damaging, give it a larger range, etc. You can also add features to the camera that allow you to do special shots that do more damage or affect the enemy in some other way, but you need points to “buy” these features. Also, you can save yourself from death by carrying around a Stone Mirror, which will refill your life to 100% if you die, but it only works once. It’s sort of like the Aku Aku mask in Crash Bandicoot: it gives you the ability to survive a fatal hit one time. You can only carry one stone mirror around at a time.
So I’m not going to spoil the end boss battle for you, but I do want to talk about why the game designers had to make it so annoying. I think this is a case of the designers designing themselves into a corner. The boss doesn’t follow any of the regular rules of the game: she can kill you in a single hit, even if you have a stone mirror. What’s worse, you can’t damage her with regular shots; she’s only damageable during the fatal frame moment (which is approximately 0.001 seconds before she hits and kills you). Finally, her life regenerates as she moves around, so you have to keep hitting her over and over to kill her (a goal which I have not yet completed).
All of these changes would be acceptable, except that the designers have made a fatal error: they have failed to place a save point just before the boss battle. The last save point before the boss is pretty far away, and you are required to fight seven or eight spirits before you actually reach the boss. These spirits are easy to kill (they move in straight lines and have a predictable fatal frame moment), but they have a lot of life and are pretty annoying the sixth or seventh time you face them. It takes me a good 15 minutes to get from the save position to the boss, so it’s quite frustrating to miss the boss’s minuscule fatal frame moment and die instantly.
Why would the developers do something like that? The rest of the game doesn’t have similar balancing problems. In fact, the rest of the game has excellent pacing.
The reason is that it is possible to get to the boss without powering your camera up much. You could conceivably play through the entire game without every upgrading your camera, if you were good enough at hitting fatal frame moments and had some patience (in my case, I didn’t start upgrading the camera until about an hour before the end boss). It’s also possible that you may have upgraded your camera in ways that are not going to help you against the end boss (like, maybe you purchased the “See” powerup, which lets you see spirits that disappear, which is something the end boss doesn’t do).
So what the developers have been forced to do is give such players room for experimentation. They’ve made this long section with easily-killable-yet-high-points spirits so that you can power your camera up in different ways and try different combinations against the boss. They don’t let you save before the boss because they don’t want you to overwrite the previous save and lock in a single camera configuration. I suspect that the original did not contain the pre-boss spirits, and that they were added after they realized that play testers could get themselves locked into a useless camera scheme.
The problem with this “solution” is that it penalizes players who have powered up their camera correctly. The formula necessary to beat the boss is pretty clear and simple (most powerful lens + most powerful film, duh!), and you can easily max out the necessary attributes long before you reach the boss. The lack of save is a safeguard for players who haven’t done this, but players who are “following the rules” are at a disadvantage because they have to waste a lot of time killing superfluous enemies.
A better solution would have been to put a check point just before the boss. That way you could attempt a given camera configuration several times and simply reload if you wanted to go back to the setup you had when you saved (as it is the game has no checkpoints, and you must reload upon dying). Also, many games feature bosses that don’t follow the regular rules of the game, but giving the Fatal Frame 2 end boss have a one-hit-kill attack (and consequently breaking the earlier stone mirror mechanic) seems like a formula for frustration.
ok i know im like two years late on this but i just recently picked up a copy of fatal frame 2 and ive found a few things about what youve said that arent exactly true. 1.you dont HAVE to hit a “fatal frame” to hurt the last boss, you just have to hit a zero shot which isnt hard you just have to be close to her. 2.the ghost that you “have” to fight before you reach the final boss, you dont really have to fight them, in fact it would be better to not fight them seein how you save a lot of energy. and her energy doesnt regenerate THAT fast, i managed to beat her using type 14 film, as long as you keep attacking you should be good.
Where have all the classic horror movies gone? Teenage slashers, gore porn and reality TV abound these days. What’s missing are the subtle chills, thrills and suspense. These are the movies that only a quirky horror host could introduce after midnight. Take a trip back to a time when horror was more spooky than gruesome, theater seats buzzed and tickets could be had for pennies in your pocket.
Well here’s your chance to relive that lost adolescent memory by garnishing your bag, hat or jacket with a Classic Horror Movie button. Once you adorn this accessory, your friends will know that you have ghoulish yet astute tastes.
Aren't you curious little one? You DO KNOW what happens to little boys and girls who dig too deep? Well, those naughty little kiddies get... the... inside truth! We're the jaded ones behind a little space of the web called The Church of Halloween. If you don't know it, it's a Gathering of Spooky Inspiration. So if you live a little left of center, crave the surroundings of a Spook Show and find the humor in horror... "Gooble-gobble, gooble-gobble, we accept you. One of us!"
Additionally, feel free to send any questions or concerns you may have to chastity (at) horrorbuttons.com.
Disclaimer: HeganErotic.com has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
Zabel Yessayan was greatly admired in her own time and is avidly read to this day. Her work was acclaimed by such critics and writers as Krikor Zohrab and Hagop Oshagan, who described her as "the most gifted. . . complete writer among Armenians." "Zabel Yessayan is one of those rare women writers who possess a strong masculine temperament," writes the Mekhitarist scholar Mesrob Janashian in his History of Modern Armenian Literature. "In her fiction women suffer, but they also make others suffer." As Gostan Zarian reveals in his acid sketch of her, titled 'The National Turkey Hen' " (included in this volume), Zabel Yessayan never quite gave up her childhood dream of being, in her own words, "A boy, a brigand, a freedom fighter in the mountains. . ." When, during the Genocide of 1915, others dissipated their energies in impotent rage, she was eager to act, even if that meant sacrificing her own life in the process. 'There was never any inconsistency between her words and deeds," writes Sevak Arzoomanian in his biography of the author. It was no doubt her courageous and uncompromising defense of such "deviationist" and "bourgeois nationalist" writers as Charents and Bakounts, who had come under fire during the Stalinist purges of 1936-38, that resulted in her own exile and death in the Gulag.
The purpose of this volume is to introduce to the English reader, the worldview, style, and personality of this remarkable writer who is hardly known outside her country. In Part One, I have translated a sketch of her life and work by a Soviet-Armenian scholar, and the reminiscences of two famed contemporaries who knew her well. In Part Two I have included extracts from two of her finest novellas, the satirical Phony Geniuses, and the autobiographical Shirt of Fire; also substantial portions from her most widely admired work, The Gardens of Silihdar, and the controversial travelogue, Prometheus Unchained. With minor exceptions, the contents of this volume have not been published in English before.
I was born in the early hours of February 4, 1878 in Scutari, Constantinople, in a neighbor­hood that was known as the Gardens of Silihdar. That night the Russian Army had reached San Stefano. My mother later told me that as her labor pains began the town criers were heard announcing: "Cannons will be fired. There is no cause for alarm."
My mother also told me that there had been a severe snowstorm that night and that the Greek midwife, under whose care she was, lived at the other end of town, and since my father happened to be away and there were no carriages to be found anywhere, it had been up to my Uncle Dikran to fetch the mid­wife. And it so happened that that night my uncle had come home drunk. It had taken them half an hour to make him understand the situation. Whereupon he had rushed out and braving the elements had crossed the Haydar ***** cemetery and, after getting lost a few times, had finally reached the mid­wife's home, dragged her out of bed, and brought her to Scutari sometime after midnight. My mother further told me that while waiting around the fireplace, the midwife and my father had had a fierce argument about the Russians. The midwife had been of the opinion that if the Russians entered the capital, they would liberate the Christian population. My father, on the other hand, had maintained that nothing good could be ex­pected from the Russians.
"Do you call this a baby?" Uncle Dikran had exclaimed the moment he had set eyes on me. "Looks more like a little bubble to me. And to think of all the trouble I went through. . ."
From that day until I was eight, my uncle called me Bubble. Until I reached that age, I was indeed a puny, weak thing, constantly hovering between life and death.
Ara, I really do wish you were able to publish more of your work. My parents bought Yessayan's Gardens in the US years ago. I've already read it I wish I could read more of your translations, i.e. those you haven't published yet, as well as your own work...
Born in 1878 in Constantinople, Yessayan played an important role in the tumultuous events shaping Armenian history in the first part of the 20th century. The contests are organized by Artsakh Ombudsman (Human Rights Defender) Ruben Melikyan, TUMO Stepanakert’s Korioun Khatchadourian, and Judith Saryan from Cambridge, Mass.
On Nov. 8, TUMO Stepanakert announced the winner of the Graphic Design T-shirt Contest. The winning entry was designed by Astghik Simonyan of Stepanakert. She created a stylized image of Yessayan’s face on the front of the t-shirt. Below it, she printed Yessayan’s quote, “Literature is not an ornament, a pleasant pastime, a pretty flower. Literature is a weapon to struggle against Injustice.” Simonyan designed a geometric pomegranate symbolizing Artsakh to adorn the back of the shirt.
The winners of the Human Rights Essay Contest in honor of Zabel Yessayan will be announced on Dec. 10, International Human Rights Day.
Zabel Yessayan attracted a lot of attention during her lifetime, but she disappeared without a trace in a Soviet prison in the 1940s. Starting 15 years ago, her story resurfaced with the works of Lerna Ekmekcioglu and Melissa Bilal and the documentary, “Finding Zabel Yessayan.” Ever since, Yessayan’s books have been translated into English, French, Turkish, and Italian.
Earlier this year, the Mayor of Paris announced that a street was recently named after Yessayan, a group of women Turkey recently created a play about her life and works, and researchers are combing through her archives in Yerevan to learn more about this brilliant and courageous woman.
About SBM. Shanghai Shibang Machinery Co., Ltd is a professional mining crusher equipment and industrial grinding mill manufacturer in China. The company features ...
Stone Crusher Project Report SBM supplies complete stone crushing screening plant, grinding mill for quarrying, mining industry in India, China, South Africa, Germany ...
Double supply used stone crushing plant and mining equipment for sale worldwide, export to Malaysia, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Zambia, Kazakhstan, Indonesia, Egypt ...
About Gulin. Looking for Information about Gulin? Visit www.crusherusa.com for company news and careers as well as information about Gulin’s entire portfolio of brands.
aashto specifications for crushed stone as backfill materials . PE Jaw Crusher. PE series jaw crusher is usually used as primary crusher in quarry.
© Elysta.be Design and products are protected by law. Copying is prohibited. © Elysta - Erwan Morelle
Global Small-Sized Vascular Graft Market Forecast to 2023: by Key Players, Application, Type and Region
Home Chemicals And Materials Global Cyanopyridine Market Forecast to 2022: by Key Players, Application, Type and Region
The Report Study On Global Cyanopyridine Market 2018 offers an inherent and described analysis of Cyanopyridine industry which helps company executives, industry investors, and industry participants with in-depth intuition to enable them to make informed vital decisions regarding the opportunities in the global Cyanopyridine market.
The report Entitled "Global Cyanopyridine Market 2018" focuses on outlining and narrating the key influencing elements for the growth of the market.It also proposes a thorough study of the market stature (revenue), market share, key market segments, distinct geographic regions, dominant market players, and prime industry trends. The aim of this report is to portray the forthcoming market trends and revenue prognosis for the global Cyanopyridine market for the next five years.
The report global Cyanopyridine market records the primary market events inclusive of product launches, technological advancement, mergers & acquisitions, and the newfangled business blueprints preferred by leading market players. Global Cyanopyridine Market Report also covers each and every aspect of the industry and the prominent market players present in distinct countries examine the modern development plans, market position, which will help in making crucial business decisions.
Global Cyanopyridine Report covers distinct aspects of the market including the product category, product specifications, a range of applications and major geographical producing regions. The key regions covered in Cyanopyridine report are the countries present in North America, Europe, APAC, South America, Middle East and Africa.
In addition, the elements that trigger and restrict the growth of the global Cyanopyridine industry are mentioned and clarified in depth in this research study. It assists professionals in taking crucial business decisions to publicize their business. The study also scrutinizes areas having potentialities for future market growth. It also provides information about emerging markets, profitable markets, static markets, declining markets, saturated markets or mature markets along with growth benefits.
Global Cranio Maxillofacial Implants Market Forecast to 2022: by Key Players, Application, Type and Region
Jimy has been into market research industry for last 5 years. He has a keen interest and deep knowledge of research industry. He has a stint of experience working as Research Analyst.
Single License It allows one person, the buyer, to have sole right and access to the purchased report. Further distribution of product is strictly prohibited. $2850
Multiple License It allows the purchased product to be shared among 5 people within your organization at maximum. $ 3600
Corporate License It allows the purchased product to be shared among all employees of your organization irrespective of their geographical location. $4840
eMarkets.eu consists of a highly motivated team of young and experienced individuals who are detail-oriented and highly focused on providing clients with the information they need. Information is king in the business world, and we specialize in providing that.[Read More]
One woman's journey of accepting her WHOLE self – of seeking radical self-love and helping others do the same…
Now, don’t get me wrong. I don’t think pain is something that is prescribed in this life. As a person of Christian faith, I don’t believe that God desires us to go through painful situations, nor do I believe that God causes pain in our lives. I believe that pain is an inevitable part of living because we are human, we are broken and we care.
My devotional reflection was on forgiveness this morning. I am reading Radical Grace, a collection of daily meditations by Franciscan contemplative guru Father Richard Rohr. I appreciate his take on so many things and this particular book has been an often used part of my devotional collection. The meditations are divided by church season and for the week after Easter, Rohr writes prayers to be recited by the reader. One such prayer is on forgiveness and the opening line resonates deeply with me:
Lamb of God we ask that we might be defense free people, that we might be able to live a truly disarmed life, that we might be able to be secure enough in your love, Jesus, to be insecure in this world, to let go, Lord.
The overarching theme of this prayer is about learning to forgive ourselves, but I’ve been thinking a lot about letting go and forgiving others recently. And I’m beginning to realize that forgiveness is all about vulnerability. Continue reading →
Unconditional love. Respect. Affirmation. These are the things that I have always wanted from my birth father. For most of my life, I have hitched my self esteem, my self worth and my self identity to his opinions of me. This has definitely been to my peril. What’s ironic about my desire for these things from my father is that he was not a permanent fixture in my life until I was fourteen years old. He didn’t have a track record of giving these things, but for some reason I constantly fantasized about a utopic relationship between us. Why is it that we seem to want the most from those who are least able to give it?
My father and I have a complicated relationship. I am the youngest of his four children by three different women. My parents were not married when I was conceived and my mother decided to leave him shortly after my birth. I would see him from time to time but I don’t remember him being a steady presence in my life. My mother met my step-father when I was three and married him when I was six years old. My younger brother was born and we relocated from New York to Texas. This move ended my visits with my birth father. With the exception of a handful of trips to New York, I don’t remember having a substantial relationship with my father before I was a teenager.
As I reflect on our history, it boggles my mind how much his absence affected me and influenced how I engage men in romantic relationships. One might think that I would not be seeking something that I never received but in my mind, I had created a fantasy about what it would be like if my father and I ever reconnected. This fantasy became a reality when my mother and step-father divorced. This was a traumatic time in my life that was overshadowed by the fact that my birth parents were reuniting and would eventually get married. I found myself in a broken state; one where I struggled with the loss of a relationship with my step-father, who had raised me and, at the same time, trying to be happy about the return of my birth father who I really didn’t know. It was a difficult time for everyone involved. I learned very quickly that the life I had envisioned with my birth father would not become a reality.
I had a revelation yesterday. It was actually quite painful but simultaneously liberating. Nothing I could ever become, say or do would engender the affirming and uplifting response that I so desperately seek from my father. And you know what? That’s my issue, not his. I have to come to terms with the fact that I have been looking for that which is life-giving in the wrong place, from the wrong person. For my sanity’s sake, I have to let go of this overwhelming desire to be “approved” of by my father. I am a thirty one year old woman who is finally letting go of something that has not served me well. I am choosing, on this day, that my self worth and identity will not be based on any external factors, particularly those that perpetuate negative and harmful ways of being.
I have never been the proverbial “Daddy’s little girl”. Nor will I ever be. And it’s not necessary that I am. For the first time in my life, I realize how important it is for me to create a new narrative, one that takes into account who I am and have been created to be, first and foremost by God.
I pray that my self worth and self esteem will no longer be based on what others think and that I will embrace that I am enough.
I pray that I am able to be in relationship with my father in a way that honors who we both are and leaves room for who we are not.
On November 29, 2012 I published a blog post entitled “The Skin I’m In“. I couldn’t imagine the conversation it sparked and the positive feedback that it generated. The most significant thing that happened was that I received a message from my daddy that brought me to tears. You see, we have a very interesting history, one that I will share at another time. Since embarking on this journey of embracing my depression and coming clean with my family, my daddy and I have gotten much closer. We had very different upbringings and he has lived a very hard life. I continue to be in awe of him and his many accomplishments, not even realizing that we had some things in common. I asked if I could share his message with you and he agreed. I am so thankful that my post opened another pathway of communication and understanding between me and my daddy.
I don’t know if I ever told you, but if I did not, I’m telling you now. As a 10 year old kid growing up in Harlem, I was often called little WHITE boy. Even now I am often referred to as WHITE man. However I understood at an early age that people who called and call me names were those who either were intimidated, jealous or unsure of themselves because I spoke better and I was more intelligent than they were. It all started in Harlem because I used to spend time in Queens where I actually spent nights in a house. So you see my darling daughter we have more in common than you might know. I am just happy that I understood this early in life. I am now happy that you have figured it out and that you are happy with the skin that you’re in. Just for the record, I’ve always teased you because I was able to identify. If you want me to stop, forget about it. 🙂
One of my favorite camp songs is “On a Day Like This”. I love this song because it has fun motions and removes lines from each verse as the community sings it together. By the end, you only see actions that have replaced the verses but the beginning and ending of the song remain…”On a day like this, I need the Lord to help me.”
This song has been playing on repeat in my mind. Recently I had a very difficult day. A couple of things happened at work that brought many emotions to the surface. I went home and lay on my couch with a glass of wine and caught up on my television shows. I went to bed early thinking that after a good night’s sleep I would be up and ready to roll the following morning. But I wasn’t. I was dragging and could feel the tears just beneath the surface that were threatening to spill over. What is that about?
I am a student of awareness. I believe wholeheartedly that paying particular attention to one’s thoughts, feelings and actions provides invaluable insight. That being said, I spent some time sitting with my thoughts to figure out what’s going on…
Work was stressful, but not in a bad way. I commented to one of my colleagues that I appreciate times of crisis because there’s no time to think. There is only time to do and to be. In times like that, I realize not only how gifted I am but more importantly, that God is ever-present and the Spirit goes before me. There were a few situations that tested these theories and I felt confident that the care I provided was not only appropriate but appreciated.
I know that I haven’t fully been present as I continue to reflect upon a recently ended relationship. I keep playing things over in my mind trying to figure out a couple of things: do I really even want this man? What is the attraction? Am I settling? Should I fight for it? Why do I feel this connection to someone who is so different from me? All of these questions provide some insight into how I’m trying to process how relationships begin and end and the patterns that are present in my own behavior.
I also thought about a conversation I had with my father after he read a couple of my blog posts that were able to communicate things that I have never been able to share with him face-to-face. For some reason, my fear was that he would be upset with me, which he wasn’t. He was very compassionate and expressed feelings of sadness and disappointment as he tried to wrap his mind around new knowledge about my childhood and my personal struggles. There were some things he wanted more information about but I couldn’t go there last night. I am a bit relieved though. I feel like I’ve been hiding things from my father my whole life and I was finally able to share pieces of myself that allow him to have a better understanding of who I am.
I think I am also overwhelmed by things that I have been putting off and by doing so, I continue to procrastinate and feel like I am held hostage by my own inertia. The reality of my changing finances, the daunting task of preparing for future opportunities, the risk associated with starting my own business and the ever present fear of failing and not being enough are rearing their ugly heads. But I am aware of these things and valiantly putting one foot in front of the other.
“Embracing our shadow is the ultimate act of self-love. There is no greater love than the one that allows us to shine a light on the aspects of ourselves that we have judged and made wrong. Embracing our dark side gives us a new found freedom to be with the darkness in others. For when I can love all of me, I will love all of you...” ~Debbie Ford via Soulful Living
The thoughts and views expressed on this blog represent me and me alone. They do not represent the views of any church, organization, institution or ministry that I may be associated with. This is an independent endeavor. Please remember that I am not a therapist. If you or someone you know are contemplating hurting yourself, please call the National Suicide Prevention Hotline at 1-800-273-8255. If you or someone you know is contemplating hurting someone else, call 911. I am not an expert by any means. I am someone who utilizes medication, therapy, spiritual direction and other forms of renewal to cope with my reality. I recommend professional therapists and doctors to manage your mental health.
It's been such a long time dear Shadow Lovers. The latest from The Body Is Not an Apology had me thinking of... fb.me/1lsZoGAGb 10 months ago
I was heartbroken to hear of the death of Linkin Park front man Chester Bennington. I've loved them since Hybrid... fb.me/2L8D1FKpp 1 year ago
We know that mental health is an important part of our wellbeing, yet so many of us overlook it.... fb.me/3gDwWCJIq 1 year ago
A Word on Names - What is your name? How does it form you? #embracemyshadow... fb.me/1chRrOLP9 1 year ago
This Graduation Necklace Pendant Jewelry is a Great Graduation Party Gift that you can wear. Graduation Gifts for Her Jewelry is a Wonderful Gift for not Only Girls but also Women, Boys and Men. Graduation Stuff and Grad Accessories are the Perfect Addition to any Jewelry Collection and Grad Memories.This Jewelry is Pe ...Read more
This Graduation Necklace Pendant Jewelry is a Great Graduation Party Gift that you can wear. Graduation Gifts for Her Jewelry is a Wonderful Gift for not Only Girls but also Women, Boys and Men. Graduation Stuff and Grad Accessories are the Perfect Addition to any Jewelry Collection and Grad Memories.
Guest Blogger: Grace- Grace was Born and raised in China and moved to America for love in 2007. Day job-teacher, dream job- fashion blogger.Based in Troy, Michigan, United States.Grace owns...
- The Truth About It All is a fashion, and lifestyle blog that began three years ago. It often features food, fashion, travel, and beauty articles by the editor and writer...
We, along with PLANT-IT 2020, plant a viable, indigenous tree in a non-harvest location for every retail-sized product sold.
Subscribe to our newsletter and stay up to date on new products, green initiatives, company news, and more!
This weeks hot topic has definitely been the release of 2011 Bowman . The hype associated with this product has been great, but I still think last year has it beat with the Strasburg cards. I think that this year's product will do very well with Bryce Harper as the "chase" card for the set, but it probably won't turn into the circus we all experienced last year where you couldn't find a pack for months in a local retail store.
I went on Card Corner Club Radio the other night and talked about the product for a little bit with Rob and Doug. One of the things we touched on that we all noticed was the lack of quality in the facsimile autograph scans. I don't know if you guys noticed this on some of your cards, but you should take a look at them. (Note: Bryce Harper's signature is pristine on scans.) Aside from that I didn't really see much lacking in terms of the quality control aspect.
Here is what I am wondering: What was the best part of the 2011 Bowman in your eyes? What was the worst?
For me personally, I love the inserts. Now, take that in stride before you guys attack. I will say that I think there are too many inserts this year and maybe it's turned into a bit of a mockery of the player collector in the sense that they put Best, Brightest, Future, 100, etc. and now you are stuck chasing a bunch of cards that are essentially all the same thing. What I specifically like is that Topps added some new designs and elements to the set. What I think would have served them and all of us better was separating some of these out to Chrome, Draft Picks & Prospects, and maybe even Series 2 of the flagship set.
Now the worst part.... Redemption autographs of mystery players. Honestly, what is that all about? As if it's not bad enough for the box to not have the autograph or one of the autographs, they couldn't even tell you who you are getting. That really annoys me. They have an autograph checklist, what is the issue here? Perhaps I should e-mail someone at Topps and ask what the deal is with this mess.
I have no patience for all the prospects in Bowman, so I really like the Top 100 insert series a lot. Liked it last year, too. Just give me the best of the best. That, I can handle.
The inserts are again the best part of Bowman this year, although there's no way I'm putting together a 100 card inserts set from one release. There are too many colored parallels this year, and I'm tired of one-a-pack golds.
I think the inserts are a big part as well. Ofcourse I look forward to the color as well. Not a superfractor but a blue or purple
I like the Bowman;s Best inserts. I always liked that set in the past. I was very disappointed in the Chrome cards. Just about every chrome card I have has printer marks. I also noted the facsimile autographs. Some of them look like they were taken from faxed documents.
You can always send us a message about trades, collecting or just to chat about cards. Contact Sooz or Marie.
Welcome old friends. I thought i would honor the poll I ran on Twitter asking how you guys wanted to see my haul revealed. The people have...
Even though Derek Jeter's rookie season came in 1996, he appeared on trading cards starting in 1992 -- the year he was drafted. He...
Once upon a time I had to make excuses to go to Toys R Us. These days, I'm hit up the combo Toys R Us/Babies R Us more often than I w...
I have cards from so many different products over the last 25 or so years because that’s how far back my Derek Jeter collection goes. ...
I'm not too sure how many people out there have sat down and watched these games, but I for one have watched maybe 5 innings total of ...
Sub Games Ado-Ekiti to do Soft domination can be found on the website fmoney.info. For incall Lina you need send a message on mobile +91 (638) 2241 XXX or call. By voting results in Ado-Ekiti, popular service is BDSM (receiving) from Keira. She scored 280 of votes guys.
Tags: Rimming (receiving), Nice butt women Abakan, Dildos, Ethio sugar mummy, BDSM (receiving) Travel Companion
Games Abakan doing Nudism you can find on the site fmoney.info. For outcall Norah you can send a message on tel. +35 (687) 7843 XXX or call. By voting results in Abakan, popular service is Massage prostate from Erica. She scored 29 of votes guys.
Magenta full length shaded anarkali kameez in art silk topped by a matching jacket embellished with resham and zari embroidery. Also comes with a matching crepe churidar and georgette dupatta in lace work.
Leadership matters more than ever in today’s frantic and fantastic markets. More change in the next decade than the last 250 years. More uncertainty, yet also more possibilities than ever before. We... Read »
“To get a foot in the door and boost the number of interviews that come along, executive job seekers must be ready to invest in some upfront sweat equity that, in reality, is not all that different from the strategies they employ to be successful in their roles. Here’s how …”
The upside of a booming economy means hiring is stronger than ever. The downside? More folks are out there emboldened to test the job search waters. The bottom line? The job market is growing increasi... Read »
Kate Beaumont has always been someone to give credit where credit is due. Kate shares a couple of feel-good stories to counter the stereotypical assumption that those new to the workforce expect the world or don’t seem to be aware they have to earn their stripes for millennia.
Over the years as an HR professional I have seen several generations at work. Putting people in boxes goes against the grain with me - most workers defy categorisation, let me tell you! Read »
When it comes to pursuing an advanced degree, most professionals wonder “Will the output of time and energy be worth it?” It’s a big commitment, especially for established professionals who usually have plenty to balance already. Chris Swan explains what to consider if you are contemplating this pursuit.
As an executive recruiter, I think about career trajectories a lot. When it comes to pursuing an advanced degree, most professionals wonder-will the output of time and energy be worth it? It’s a big... Read »
Resilience can be defined as “The capacity to recover quickly from difficulties; toughness”. Organisations want people who aren’t afraid to tackle difficult tasks – problem solvers who learn from a challenge, not folk who say “that’s too hard” and pack it in. Angela Yeoland shares three take outs from a resilience training session led by Monique Slade from Springfox and The Resilience Institute.
Recently relocating from Sydney to Melbourne, let’s just say I appreciate the differences between the two! Coming from a retail background, not only did I have to adjust to a different work style i... Read »
Thorough reference checking is a gold plated step on the path to finding out more about a candidate, such as areas for development once on-boarded with your organisation. Kylie Rutherfoord provides 3 ‘Insider Tips’ as a seasoned ‘Referencer’.
What's been debated, outsourced, digitalised and recorded… but in the end come full circle? Yes, the answer is those essential in depth candidate Reference Checks that have stood the test of time. Read »
Copyright © 2018 TRANSEARCH International. All rights reserved. TRANSEARCH International is not responsible for the content of external sites.
To a lot of while in the foodstuff-and-cafe industry, it had been overdue. Daniel continually drew prime rankings within the Zagat information and For a long time had gained the
Over and over, the bottom with the sump pit is likewise perforated to allow h2o to drain into it, directly. From the sump pit is usually a pump by using a float swap. Once the drinking water level inside the sump pit rises, this switch activates the pump. This pumps the drinking water out on the pit and right into a pipe which ejects the drainage water away from the house and (with any luck ,) considerably from the home. Some common glitches with sump pump procedure set up is to empty the water again in to the sewer program (not permitted in most spots) or to hold the sump drain right outside the house your house, exactly where is simply flows again into the drain tiles and might overload the technique. Yet another error is to only have one particular pump (no backup) or to acquire no secondary electric power source for that pump, ought to the facility are unsuccessful. These "backup-devices" must incorporate an entire sized, 120 volt secondary pump (not the cheap twelve volt "batter backup" units) and be powered by a a hundred and twenty volt electrical power backup system, like a UPS (Uninterrupted Energy Offer) or perhaps a backup generator program.
The lack of any meaningful point-dependent data to back again up the promises from the White Helmets and those that maintain them, like the U.S. governing administration and Bellingcat, raises serious questions about the viability of your White House’s most current pronouncements on Syria and allegations that it absolutely was planning for the next round of chemical assaults.
” Assigned precise regions of the town to cover, Maxime, who life in Manhattan, spends weeks Using the subway out to the farthest reaches of Queens to produce her way by way of a array of Thai eating places, feeding on two foods a day, daily, and she usually eats alone, considering that speaking having a wife or husband or Good friend is frowned on.
Upon prosperous completion of this class, the student will be able to accomplish house inspections according to the Australian Criteria of Apply.
Why would they are doing that? Don’t they've got a name to uphold? Why would they jeopardize the credibility in future cases by carrying out this?
Hersh & Many others: Trump’s personality (he’s unfit with the office) – however his cogent Evaluation and robust campaign present that he is incredibly capable.
This training course teaches the inspector the best way to carry out an inspection with the attic, insulation, and inside of the residential house.
This independence, coupled While using the jealously guarded anonymity of its inspectors, is what gives Michelin its aura of incorruptibility. The French chef Paul Bocuse, who assisted produce nouvelle Delicacies in the nineteen-sixties, and whose cafe near Lyons has held why not check here a three-star Michelin ranking for the file forty-5 years, has stated, “Michelin is the only real guideline that counts.” Without a doubt, in France publication of your tutorial every year sparks the kind of media enjoyment attendant to the Academy Awards. The days and weeks primary around publication day are presented in excess of to countless discussion, speculation, and rumor on Television set and in newspapers around who could get rid of, and who could gain, a star. The effects, uncovered in early March, present either an incredibly general public triumph or an exceptionally general public humiliation for the cooks worried, as well as a corresponding increase or drop in revenues for their eating places.
If you live in Home Page a sizable town, such as Chicago, the municipal storm and drain sewers could become overloaded with ground drains or basement sink drains backflowing as a result of big number of drinking water within the storm sewers.
This is actually excellent information. For more than 5 years now, I've had to seek CE outside of InterNACHI and it's got Price tag me several thousand bucks to satisfy my condition's Continuing Education needs.
These first ARNOLDS of England were blonde barbarians, Nordic pagans savage in war, open and direct among themselves. In ignorance they cruelly destroyed much that was cultured and beautiful, but at the same time they brought a new vitality to a world long sick with decay.
This, English ARNOLDS descended from both lines: Saxon and Norman. The majority of the ARNOLD families are concentrated south of the Wash and Mersey rivers in east-central England; most of them in Warwickshire and Leisestershire. These ARNOLDS were primarily of Saxon origin. There is a town named ARNOLD in county Kent in the Hollingbourne district and several other towns with the name ARNOLD in the costal counties as well. There is are a stream and a village on the island of Lewis in the Viking sea lane from Scandinavia, both named ARNOLD. Perhaps the name came from Vikings on the raiding dragonships that put in there for water and shelter each season after making the rough North Sea passage.
welcome to the International Union of Mail-Artists. This Blog gives you information and links to all activities undertaken by Ruud Janssen, who started with Mail-Art in 1980 and is still active.
Posted on December 28, 2016 in Breda, IUOMA, IUOMA 30 years, IUOMA stickers, Netherlands, News, Outgoing Mail-Art, Ruud Janssen
Our door range includes products for all types of needs where high demands are put on strength and durability. Because of the almost unlimited possibilities for color selection, the architectural adaptability is very high.
The doors are manufactured with the frame in both aluminum and steel, and fitted with glass for each projects unique needs.
Additional functions such as fire protection, anti-burglary protection and bullet-proof glass are often included as an important addition to many projects. As an option, our doors can be fitted with different types of locks, fittings and automatic opening systems, swing door and sliding door opener with custom control.
Windows are a structural unit, they are exposed to intense pressures from weather, the environment and everyday wear and tear.
Today's environmental requirements are directed largely towards the areas of acoustics, sound insulation and the ability to isolate.
Windows from GlasLindberg are built with aluminum frame and insulated glass, that meets the highest requirements. Requirements for aesthetics and design, and maintenance freedom together with flexible solutions for fittings, opening and locking.
Our facade solutions are based on proven technology and meet the highest requirements for insulation and density, aesthetics and design. The products are designed for stable, dense and safe construction of all existing self-supporting facade types such as Curtain Walling, element facades and structural glazing.
Examples of glass features are isolating value, personal protection, sun protection or self-cleaning glass.
Our glass roofs belong to a well-developed generation that satisfies the market and authorities' high functional requirements, and is offered in any shape possible.
Static glass roof can be built with large spans where the profiles are insulated with a longitudinal insulator for sound insulation. They can be anodized, or painted with various colors and finishes on the inside and outside.
Environmentally conscious users can choose from a wide array of energy saving applications and software. These applications help reduce power consumption by 20 to 30 percent and reduce your carbon footprint. About 5 percent of the carbon dioxide emissions worldwide are attributed to computers and computing technologies. Energy saving software is inexpensive or free to download and use and helps protect the environment.
The main benefit is that this software allows users to schedule when their computer or laptop goes into a low-power consumption mode, whether on the job or at home. Computers consume up to 250 watts a month and account for about 10 percent of your bill. Savings vary depending on different factors such as the type of computer used, electricity rates in your region, use, and others.
Energy saving software allows you to schedule when to shut down the hard drive and screen. There are options for work and home settings. In general, different software applications are used for reporting, lighting control, real-time metrics, and bill monitoring and tracking. Other uses include energy audits and equipment management.
The main goal is to reduce your utility bill and show concern for the planet. There are reporting features that allow customers to set reduction targets and monitor their energy data. This is a useful tool to try and find cost-saving opportunities. And there are plenty of applications to choose from. Some are more complex while others come in the form of simple Excel add-ons.
There are advanced applications that allow users to track and assess their use of heating oil, gas, water, and electricity. After creating records for each category, the user is ready to monitor consumption. For example, if you want to monitor your energy consumption, you should enter data such as cost per kilowatt-hour, daily use, and type of appliance. To record water consumption, choose from different household appliances and enter the cost per HCF and daily use or consumption.
Other applications allow you to monitor how much your household appliances and devices are costing you. For instance, you fill find out how much your oven, TV, charger, or computer adds to your bill when used for 30 minutes. The software also offers tips and techniques that help consumers to reduce their consumption. Multilingual applications offer users the opportunity to record and calculate their water and electricity consumption and develop graphical summaries. There are different apps that allow users to create and use figures and charts and identify possible source of wasted energy and when and why this happens. Visualizing trends and consumption helps users to focus their efforts in the right direction. Trying to manually analyze data and trends takes a lot of time and involves tedious data manipulation. Applications help users to create tables and charts that are ready for copying, editing, and saving. They have access to detailed reports, personalized charts, and short summaries and can create custom reports.
Landlords and businesses benefit from reporting software that gives them the opportunity to monitor consumption data and costs in a building. The software gathers and compares data and accounts for multiple factors such as occupancy rates, weather conditions, and others. Energy saving and emissions’ auditing are the main goals.
There is even software that allows customers to assess the potential and consumption of equipment and systems such as wind turbines, heating devices, combined heat and power systems, and others. Some applications even allow users to calculate rewind costs and come with project management features, currency conversion tools, and more.
There are different smartphone apps that help homeowners to improve their energy efficiency. They offer customizable graphs and charts to let users see their carbon footprint. Some applications even feature informative infographics. Other apps allow users to reset the temperature at home from their iPod touch, iPad, or iPhone. The only problem is that they work with certain types of thermostats only. If you are looking for a new home, there are applications to compare the energy efficiency of houses in a certain area.
Eco-friendly devices offer plenty of benefits such as energy efficiency and conservation and low environmental impact. Smartphones come with features such as solar chargers, a wide selection of apps that reduce the need for peripheral devices, and a lot more. Eco-friendly laptops consume less...
Energy conservation refers to different methods and strategies that aim to reduce the amount of energy used. Conservation is essential for environmental protection and human health. Plants that produce electricity release toxic gases, mercury, arsenic, and other harmful and toxic chemicals. They...
Energy use assessment is done to find out which parts of the home and which household appliances are efficient and whether they use more than necessary. The goal is to achieve optimal use, conserve energy, and minimize damage to the environment.Step-by-step AssessmentGood thermal insulation is an...
Each Sunday our children remain upstairs in the sanctuary for the first part or worship and and then depart for their Sunday School classes. Our Sunday school program uses professionally designed curriculum and is taught by caring and compassionate teachers. If you would like to know more, find out how to sign your child up, or have general questions, please contact the office or our Faith Formation children’s leader, Leea Snape.
Wherever you are on your spiritual journey, there’s so much that a faith community can do to support you. There’s no right or wrong way to get involved so do what is most comfortable. Read More …
A mature and meaningful faith comes from making spiritual practices a regular part of one’s life; prayer and worship, giving and serving others, knowing the stories of the faith, Read More ..
We believe each and every person is loved and treasured by God. In light of this, each and every person has wonderful gifts to share with the world. As a church … Read More …
2017 Copyright Greenfield Second Church, Greenfield MA (413) 774-4355. All Rights Reserved. Site by Midnightson Designs
at one point there was runabout N/A class which ran with the two stroke 1200 ltd. class (noting the N/A 4 stroke skis had to adhere to stock class rules. there was a standalone class for it at one point but i think participation level dropped and not sure if they offer it anymore.
Initially released in 1913. This quantity from the Cornell college Library's print collections used to be scanned on an APT BookScan and switched over to JPG 2000 layout via Kirtas applied sciences. All titles scanned conceal to hide and pages may perhaps contain marks notations and different marginalia found in the unique quantity.
The e-book offers with the Slovene historiography and historical past of the Slovene and neighbouring territories within the center a while. it's the first paintings of its type released in English. It therefore makes the medieval background of this a part of Europe and a few of its basic difficulties available to the widest diversity of researchers.
Heikki Mikkeli charts the heritage of the assumption of Europe and ecu identification. the 1st half introduces some of the makes an attempt to unify Europe from antiquity to the ecu Union. within the moment half the connection of Europe with the United States and Russia is taken into account, in addition to the ambivalent function of imperative Europe.
The important query of this quantity is, no matter if today's scientific visualisation recommendations like ultrasound, endoscopy, CT, MRI and PET-scans mark an important shift within the event of physically interiority. those visualisation ideas let not just scientific researchers and practitioners to seem inside of residing our bodies with out actually starting them, yet their population to boot.
Will be remembered. stormy Neapolitan, an ardent Italian patriot, he would, as he sat over his fiery southern wine, express the fiercest disdain of the Spaniards, and trust to see them He had disliked swept out of the Italian peninsula. Ignatius and, Sacchini says, spoken slightingly of him after his death. On the other hand, he was a deeply religious man and sincere reformer, and he recognised that there was precious stuff, from the Church’s point Should he fuse it with of view, in this new Society.
When the Jesuits who had broken this law, refused to yield, they were excommunicated by the Vicar-General, and a pleasant procession was arranged by the townsfolk, in which effigies of damned Jesuits were propelled toward their destination by little devils. The Augustinians were popular. But the long arm of Ignatius was extended once more, and the Papal Nuncio intervened in favour of the Jesuits. Before many years the Jesuits won from the Pope a declaration that the law did not apply to They them, and they might build where they pleased.
Long before the Society was authorised,\the Pope was induced to employ the Jesuits He had chosen Rodriguez and for important missions. Xavier, at the pressing request of the King of Portugal, to carry the gospel to the Indies ; he had sent Lainez and Favre, at the prayer of a distinguished cardinal, Other to fight the growth of Protestantism in Parma. members of the little group had gone to discharge special missions, and glowing reports of their success came to Rome. The Pope was won, and, when the 26 THE JESUITS Pope willed, it would hardly need a miracle to induce Cardinal Guiddiccioni to read a document which it was his office to read; Indeed, the statement that he refused for twelve months to read a paper which the Pope enjoined him to read is incredible ; it was a good pretext for a change of mind, and for a miracle.
Download e-book for iPad: More Guns, Less Crime: Understanding Crime and Gun Control by John R. Lott Jr.
From fully functioning cars and lawnmowers to life-size castles and even a replica of Vincent van Gogh’s ear, there have been countless extraordinary examples of objects created entirely with 3D printing technology. Beyond these one-off examples, 3D printing – a form of additive manufacturing – is bringing time and cost efficiency and environmental gains to some areas of the manufacturing industry. But how disruptive a force will 3D printing be?…
At Groot Systems, we care about making sustained economic impacts in the communities we serve. We expect profits in all we do, but only from the work that satisfies our customer needs and benefits humanity.
We have recently established a community organization, Groot Foundation as our non-profit foundation, being funded by the activities of our ecosystem in Namibia, and which primarily focuses on providing value-added services for the communities in which we work.
Groot Foundation focuses on providing funding for the SADC based NGOs whose primary goals are to strengthen democratic values, reduce poverty and injustice, promote international cooperation and advance human achievement.
When you create a new group, or become a member of an existing group on Groupbox, you will be able to use these features within that group:
The Group Buzz is a feature that allows group members to share several types of media content. Users can upload or link videos and images, link to other websites or bodies of text. Member can also comment on Group Buzz's.
You may need to cancel you account, remove an image or undelete something you didn't mean to delete. You can do all this by sending us an email via the contact form.
HeizkÃ¶Rper FÃ¼R Badezimmer. Hey dear visitor. In the current modern period, information regarding the expansion of technology is extremely easy to obtain. Youll find a variety of reports, suggestions, articles, all over the world within secs. Along with information about your favorite luxury home could be accessed from lots of free places via the internet.
The same as now, you are looking for knowledge about HeizkÃ¶Rper FÃ¼R Badezimmer, arent you? Just sit in front of your beloved computer or laptop which is connected to the Net, you could get a variety of helpful unique thoughts and you could use it for your needs.
Do you know The idea of HeizkÃ¶Rper FÃ¼R Badezimmer we present to you in this post relates to the demand report about HeizkÃ¶Rper FÃ¼R Badezimmer. We found out that a lot of people search HeizkÃ¶Rper FÃ¼R Badezimmer on search engines like google. We tend to present a most relevant photo to suit your needs.
Even though within our viewpoint, which weve displayed the best HeizkÃ¶Rper FÃ¼R Badezimmer image, however, your thought might be little diverse with us. Okay, You can use it as your research material only. And HeizkÃ¶Rper FÃ¼R Badezimmer has been published by admin in category field.
Although some groups engaged in combat, such as militants or resistance movements, refer to themselves using military terminology, notably 'Army' or 'Front', none have had the structure of a national military to justify the reference, and usually have had to rely on support of outside national militaries. They also use these terms to conceal from the MI their true capabilities, and to impress potential ideological recruits.
A century or so later, in the hands of writers such as Jean Froissart, Miguel Cervantes and William Shakespeare, the fictional knight Tirant lo Blanch, and the real-life condottieri John Hawkwood would be juxtaposed against the fantastical Don Quixote, and the carousing Sir John Falstaff. In just one play, Henry V, Shakespeare provides a whole range of military characters, from cool-headed and clear-sighted generals, to captains, and common soldiery.
By military department, $146.9 billion was allocated for the Department of the Army, $168.8 billion for the Department of the Navy, $161.8 billion for the Department of the Air Force and $102.8 billion for DoD-wide spending.[4] By function, $138.6 billion was requested for personnel, $244.4 billion for operations and maintenance, $118.9 billion for procurement, $69.0 billion for research and development, $1.3 billion for revolving and management funds, $6.9 billion for military construction and $1.3 billion for family housing.[4]
As in most militaries, members of the U.S. Armed Forces hold a rank, either that of officer, warrant officer or enlisted, to determine seniority and eligibility for promotion. Those who have served are known as veterans. Rank names may be different between services, but they are matched to each other by their corresponding paygrade.[21] Officers who hold the same rank or paygrade are distinguished by their date of rank to determine seniority, while officers who serve in certain positions of office of importance set by law, outrank all other officers in active duty of the same rank and paygrade, regardless of their date of rank.[22] In 2012, it was reported that only one in four persons in the United States of the proper age meet the moral, academic and physical standards for military service.[23]
After enlistment, new recruits undergo basic training (also known as "boot camp" in the Marine Corps, Navy and Coast Guard), followed by schooling in their primary Military Occupational Specialty (MOS), rating and Air Force Specialty Code (AFSC) at any of the numerous training facilities around the United States. Each branch conducts basic training differently. The Marine Corps send all non-infantry MOS's to an infantry skills course known as Marine Combat Training prior to their technical schools. Air Force Basic Military Training graduates attend Technical Training and are awarded their Air Force Specialty Code (AFSC) at the apprentice (3) skill level. All Army recruits undergo Basic Combat Training (BCT), followed by Advanced Individual Training (AIT), with the exceptions of cavalry scouts, infantry, armor, combat engineers and military police recruits who go to One Station Unit Training (OSUT), which combines BCT and AIT. The Navy sends its recruits to Recruit Training and then to "A" schools to earn a rating. The Coast Guard's recruits attend basic training and follow with an "A" school to earn a rating.
Command over the U.S. Armed Forces is established in the Constitution. The sole power of command is vested in the President by Article II as Commander-in-Chief. The Constitution presumes the existence of "executive Departments" headed by "principal officers", whose appointment mechanism is provided for in the Appointments Clause. This allowance in the Constitution formed the basis for creation of the Department of Defense in 1947 by the National Security Act. The DoD is headed by the Secretary of Defense, who is a civilian and member of the Cabinet. The Defense Secretary is second in the U.S. Armed Forces chain of command, with the exception of the Coast Guard, which is under the Secretary of Homeland Security, and is just below the President and serves as the principal assistant to the President in all defense-related matters.[14] Together, the President and the Secretary of Defense comprise the National Command Authority, which by law is the ultimate lawful source of military orders.[15]
In the 2000s, women can serve on U.S. combat ships, including in command roles. They are permitted to serve on submarines.[37] Women can fly military aircraft and make up 2% of all pilots in the U.S. Military. In 2003, Major Kim Campbell was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for landing her combat damaged A-10 Thunderbolt II with no hydraulic control and only one functional engine after being struck by hostile fire over Baghdad.
One difficult matter in the relation between military and society is control and transparency. In some countries, limited information on military operations and budgeting is accessible for the public. However transparency in the military sector is crucial to fight corruption. This showed the Government Defence Anti-corruption Index Transparency International UK published in 2013.[37]
Limited Duty Officer: due to the highly technical nature of some officer billets, the Marine Corps, Navy and Coast Guard employ a system of promoting proven senior enlisted members to the ranks of commissioned officers. They fill a need that is similar to, but distinct from that filled by warrant officers (to the point where their accession is through the same school). While warrant officers remain technical experts, LDOs take on the role of a generalist, like that of officers commissioned through more traditional sources. LDOs are limited, not by their authority, but by the types of billets they are allowed to fill. However, in recent times they have come to be used more and more like their more-traditional counterparts.
NEW! - Utilize these flashcards to help you learn and remember the most important terms you will find on your ASVAB Word Knowledge test. Navigate through the flashcards by clicking next and previous. You can press Flip to see the definitions. If you got the definition correct, mark it "correct" - otherwise mark it incorrect. When you get through all of the flashcards, you will be given the option to review all the cards, or just the ones you marked incorrect. Good luck!
In John Pilger’s deeply moving and shocking documentary about one of Australia’s best-kept secrets, we are introduced to Utopia – the region of northern Australia that is home to the world’s oldest human inhabitants. The aboriginal people who reside here have had their land – and their livelihoods – stolen from right under their noses. John Pilger takes us on a journey that will sadden, anger and frustrate you; a journey that addresses one of the biggest violations of human rights today.
[News] Fiore: Right-Wing Ralphie is the cure for gay, lefty cartoon characters! News at freedomarchives.org
[News] Political Violence by the Haitian National Police and Former Military News at freedomarchives.org
[News] Three activists went out to police the police­and ended up in jail News at freedomarchives.org
[News] Godfather of the Miami Mafia, are you out of your sugarcane-picking mind? News at freedomarchives.org
The Formations 2017 Programme is now available as a free ebook. Visit our downloads page to get your copy now, or just click on the image below.
With support from King’s Cultural Institute, in November 2016 Helios Collective and King’s College London’s Music Department co-presented a series of reimagined readings of Purcell’s Dido and Aeneas as Dido and Belinda.
Following on from the success of Formations 2015 – when three new operas were developed over a two-week period by Kasper Holten (director of opera, Royal Opera House), Robert Saxton (composer), Stephen Unwin, (director), Stephen Barlow (artistic director, Buxton Festival), Bettina Bartz (dramaturg), and David Parry (conductor) – Helios Collective returned in 2016 with an extended Formations Masterclass series, hosted by English National Opera and King’s College London.
To bring radically new meaning to a play is a virtue. To bring radically new meaning to a musical score is sacrilege. But why? Why shouldn’t musicians be as creative and interpretative as actors?
An easy and effective technique to help keep your horse responsive, happy, and content begins by learning to lead him. This must be practiced in an effective systematic way controlling speed and direction.
Effective ground schooling is a necessary tool that the competent horseman applies to keep his horse tuned and operating properly.
Goundwork prepares the horse and rider for a trouble-free future while improving balance, suppleness, coordination and strength.
There are a wide variety of saddles and equipment to consider when moving into this new relationship with your horse. Horse Mastership Essentials (HME) is able to help you decide what is right for you while aiding in the development of appropriate techniques for each.
HME is also able to assist the experienced rider who has encountered a new obstacle in their relationship with their horse while under saddle.
Possibly you're looking to gain experience with a style of riding new to you? HME can help with that too!
Driving encompasses a wide range of activities from pleasure driving, to harness racing, to farm work, and horse shows.
In general, it's a broad term for hitching your horse, pony, mule, or mini to a wagon, carriage, cart, sleigh, or other horse-drawn vehicle by means of a harness.
Whatever your desire in learning to drive, Horse Mastership Essentials is able guide both you and your animal in the development of a safe, effective relationship while in harness.
Michael Carrick, the professional soccer player who enjoyed stints with West Ham, Tottenham Hotspur and Manchester United, was a force to be reckoned with on grass at stadiums across England.
“He was the rock that ‘Man U’ were built on,” joked trainer Thomas Morley, a longstanding Spurs supporter.
Carrick, the 3-year-old son of Giant’s Causeway, has also made a name for himself on the green, albeit on firmer footing at racecourses across North America. Owned by Donegal Racing, the sizable chestnut made a winning debut over 1 1/16-miles of good turf on May 12 at Belmont when 4 ½-lengths the best, while in for a maiden claiming tag of $40,000. He returned on June 21 to win a key allowance tilt at Belmont when stretching out to nine furlongs with next-out winners Sentry and Not in Charge left in his wake. After finishing third in the Grade 3 Kent at Laurel Park, Carrick earned Grade 1 status with a narrow neck score in the 1 ¼-mile Secretariat Stakes at Arlington Park.
Last time out, Carrick faltered when travelling 12 furlongs over soft going, under Hall of Fame rider John Velazquez, in the Grade 1 Joe Hirsch Turf Classic Invitational. With the Breeders’ Cup off the cards following that result, Carrick will instead ship west to California to try for a second Grade 1 win in the 1 1/8 miles Hollywood Derby, slated for December 1 at Del Mar.
“He’s doing really well. You can draw a line completely through the Joe Hirsch, he hated the soft ground. He was beat going onto the backside and Johnny looked after him. We had a bit of a swing for the fences there, but I do think he’s an extremely talented horse who will go to the Hollywood Derby which is the last chance we have to run against straight 3-year-olds in a Grade 1,” Morley said. “And then, we’ll give him a bit of a freshening through the winter and map out a 4-year-old campaign revolving around the Grade 1 races in New York. He’s proved himself to be of that caliber. I always said that anything he did this year as a 3-year-old would be a bonus because he is a very big, long rangy horse and he will get better as he gets older.”
Morley is over the moon with Carrick, who has banked $310,300 in purse money through just five career starts.
“Especially with a horse this big,” agreed Morley. “He didn’t even come into training as a 2-year-old, he only started up at the beginning of his 3-year-old year and we’ve just mapped out a plan where we let the horse take us where he’s been ready to take us.”
Morley earned his first Grade 1 score when Haveyougoneaway captured the 2016 edition of the Ballerina at Saratoga, but the conditioner admits that Carrick’s score at Arlington this summer meant just as much.
“It was a very special day, no doubt, and it’s been the highlight of our year so far. I wasn’t actually there, it was the first day of the New York sale, so I watched it in the Fasig-Tipton office,” said Morley. “You hate to not be there when you have a runner in a Grade 1, but I watched the race with Conor Foley who is a longtime friend of mine. We did the Darley Flying Start program together and he is our daughter Grace’s Godfather. Conor buys a lot of horses for Donegal so he was an integral part of the purchasing of this horse, and the fact that the horse came to me to be trained, so it was very special to be able to watch it with him.”
The post Secretariat Winner Carrick To Skip Breeders’ Cup, Aim For Hollywood Derby appeared first on Horse Racing News | Paulick Report.
The Equine Welfare Data Collective (EWDC), a collaborative effort to accumulate, analyze, and report data to enhance programming for transitioning …Read More »
Veterinarian Brian Van Arem and Woodbine’s leading trainer, Norman McKnight, were sanctioned earlier this year by the Alcohol and Gaming …Read More »
Roaring Lion has been revealed as the 2018 Cartier Horse Of The Year at the 28th annual Cartier Racing Awards, …Read More »
Federal Case, a 2-year-old son of Gemologist who won his career debut in October at Keeneland, sold for $650,000 to …Read More »
Kentucky Racing Acquisition, LLC (“KRA”), a new company co-founded by Ron Winchell and Marc Falcone, announced Tuesday that it has …Read More »
With no perfect tickets in Monday’s Pick Six, Thursday’s eight-race program will have a Pick Six carryover of $45,215. There …Read More »
Grade 1 winner I Want Revenge will stand at Indiana Stallion Station in Anderson, Ind., after selling to Jeff and …Read More »
The Bluegrass Sports Commission (BSC) will honor WinStar Farm at the eighth annual Bluegrass Sports Awards. WinStar Farm will receive the …Read More »
An 8-year-old son of Giant’s Causeway, Point Piper was claimed for $10,000 at Del Mar on Monday by trainer Jonathan …Read More »
Peggy Hendershot, who since 2006 has served as President of the Thoroughbred breeding and racing industry’s most influential federal political …Read More »
Yeah, without the street name, would’ve been damn near impossible. Although sometimes you guys surprise the hell out of me. :)
Actually, my google searches were turning up a bunch of false results. I had to dig deep to find this one.
Eager to share our brilliant political commentary and blunt media criticism, but too genteel to link to horsesass.org? Well, good news, ladies: we also answer to HASeattle.com, because, you know, whatever. You're welcome!
It may be hard to believe from the vile nature of the threads, but yes, we have a commenting policy. Comments containing libel, copyright violations, spam, blatant sock puppetry, and deliberate off-topic trolling are all strictly prohibited, and may be deleted on an entirely arbitrary, sporadic, and selective basis. And repeat offenders may be banned! This is my blog. Life isn’t fair.
© 2004–2018, All rights reserved worldwide. Except for the comment threads. Because fuck those guys. So there.
This program is designed to help you in tapping into your full potential in life and as a public speaker. Just as Olympic athletes wouldn’t think of training without the added insight, objective perspective and enthusiastic support of an athletic coach, many of today’s most successful business leaders, professionals, executives, entrepreneurs and CEOs use the services of a life coach to take their lives, careers, or businesses to the next level.
**Executive coaching is an efficient, high-impact process that helps high-performing people in leadership roles improve results in ways that are sustained over time. It is efficient because, unlike traditional consulting assignments, it does not require invasive processes, large outside teams, and lengthy reports and analyses to get results.
**It is a high-impact process because we as Executive Coaches typically work with you in short meetings (i.e. 30 minutes per session). During this time, we can generate important insights, gain clarity, focus, and make decisions to improve performance. Executive coaching works with high-performing people in leadership roles. It is not therapy, meant to “fix” a person. As an Executive Coach, our clients are already highly functioning, successful people. Like any of us, you may need support from time to time in order to perform better. Finally, our goal as an Executive Coach is to improve results in ways that are sustainable over time. Our clients want some sort of outcome, usually related to improved profits, career success, organizational effectiveness, or career and personal satisfaction.
**At the same time, coaching is about helping people improve your capabilities and effectiveness, so that the results and performance improvements last. To use the time-worn and famous quote, we are teaching people to fish, not feeding you for a day.
An article in Public Management revealed a study where training alone was compared to life coaching combined with training. The study showed that training alone increased productivity by 22.4% while training combined with weekly life coaching increased productivity by 88%. Here is why:
**We usually have three to four calls a month with you, our client. This regularly scheduled call prompts you to get more done than you would if you are left to your own devices. Think about it, if you work out with a personal trainer at the gym, you work much harder than on your own. Clients take bigger actions, set bigger goals and think bigger when they work with a professional coach.
**The life coach knows how to help you set the right goals, make more money, and structure your personal and professional life to achieve greater productivity with less effort. You’ll achieve more in less time with the input of a life coach on your side.
**We know how to use the right words so that you are naturally motivated. It doesn’t take brow-beating or nagging when you are working with a skilled life coach. Coaching typically works best with a weekly call to integrate new ways of thinking and take action each week toward your goals. Life coaching is done by phone, Skype or other chatting apps, and delivered in half hour to one hour coaching calls. The experience is challenging and uplifting. You’ll look forward to your weekly calls with your life coach.
Entrepreneurs, executives, business leaders, actors, musicians, creative people, managers, small business owners, start-ups, professionals, plain folks and home-makers all reach their goals with the help of a life coach. If there is a gap between where you are now and where you want to be, there is room for life coaching. Not only will we help you close the gap, we will help you break through your barriers and challenge you to think bigger.
Consulting. Life coaching can be considered a form of consulting. However, consulting is often information and expertise based. For example, you might hire a consultant to help your business with a specific problem. In which case, you’d expect your consultant to have knowledge and experience in that particular area. Life coaches, on the other hand, may or may not have a background or experience in your field. A coach is a life specialist, an expert on helping you develop all areas of your business and personal life. Unlike many consultants who propose a solution and leave you to implement it, the life coach stays with you to help you integrate the changes, new skills, and goals to make sure they really happen. This is one reason why coaching is so effective–it is one thing to have the information and quite another to actually make the change!
Therapy. Life coaching is not therapy. Coaches don’t work on past-based issues or traumas. Life coaches are not psychologists or psychotherapists. If you start the process of life coaching, and have not resolved a past issue, then it is very likely you will be referred to work with a therapist to resolve the issue. It is very common for unresolved traumas to stop us from getting what we want in our lives. Life coaches focus on the present and the client’s goals for the future. We help people move forward and set personal and professional goals that will give them the life they really want. Most life coaching clients are healthy, successful people who might be a bit stuck or simply want to make a big change in their lives and want the support of their own personal coach to do so.
Sports. Life coaching often includes principles from sports coaching, such as being your best, doing more than you think you can, working with a team, going for the goal. But unlike sports coaching, most professional coaching is not a competition. Your life coach will help you win in your own life!
Best friend. A best friend or two or three is wonderful to have. But is your best friend an objective professional who you can trust to advise you on the most important aspects of your life or business? Sometimes our friends can’t tell us the truth as much as they would like to because they don’t want to risk losing the friendship. A good life coach is never afraid to tell you the truth. Why not have a best friend and a life coach?
If there is a gap between where you are now and where you want to be, then there is room for life coaching. Why struggle on your own when you can get what you want out of life in a fraction of the time with the structure, support, and tools of a skilled life coach?
Usually both. The life coach is the only professional trained to work with all aspects of your life. This is handy because very often, if something is bothering you at work, it is affecting your personal life as well and vice versa. Some clients prefer to spend more time focusing on their business goals, while others may want to focus on personal goals. How you use your coaching call is up to you!
We focus where the client wants us to focus. Your goals are our goals. We might have some radical suggestions for how to reach your goals more quickly.
Life coaching provides a structure of support. Left to our own devices, we start out with the best intentions and then, we hit a snag and it can derail us completely or cause a long delay. A life coach can help you quickly break through blocks so that more is accomplished with less struggle and less effort.
We are objective, positive supporters. Not everyone is lucky enough to have such a friend or colleague to provide this. If you have been doing it by yourself, find out how much more you can accomplish with a life coach!
You may be tired of doing what you “should” do and are ready to do something special and meaningful for the rest of your life. Problem is that you many not see it, or if you do see it, you may not see a way to reorient your life around it. A life coach can help you do both.
You may realize how simple it can be to accomplish something that might have felt out of reach or like a pipe dream. A coach is not a miracle worker (well, they are, sometimes) but a coach does have a large tool kit to help the Big Idea become a Reality.
We’ve been taught that “hard work and doing it on your own” are the keys to finding life, success, money, or happiness. Most people believe they must sacrifice something to attain what they want. Some people sacrifice their health, time, or their relationships to enjoy life. None of this is necessary. You can have it all. Maybe not all right this minute! And, with life coaching, you’ll find you don’t have to sacrifice anything to get what you want. You may need to change a few things, true, but clients find they have more time with their families and friends, more money, more opportunity, and are more successful at work when they work with a life coach.
Athletes, performers, CEOs and presidents know that they can’t do it alone. They know they need a trained professional or even a team of experts to help them determine the best direction and to provide objective support and feedback. Without this, it is almost impossible to achieve excellence. No athlete would consider going to the Olympics without the support of a coach. The extra edge the coach provides makes all the difference. Why shouldn’t you have this same advantage?
Nobody really needs a life coach, but many people want one! Are you doing what you most enjoy? Are you tolerating or putting up with anything? Is life easy or are you struggling? Are you on the path to financial independence? Do you have what you really want? Most people can expect a lot more out of their lives. Life coaching can really speeds things up.
No! The client may need the life coach in order to maximize an opportunity or accelerate her/his personal growth, yet not be dependent on the life coach. Anyone who has big goals can benefit from the structure, advice, and support of a life coach. So in that sense, a coach is needed. As far as creating an emotional or psychological dependency, not to worry. Life coaches work with people who are healthy and successful on their own. Life coaches do not resolve therapy issues. If you start to feel dependent on your life coach, we will refer you to a therapist.
No! The client is always responsible for his/her own life. Clients make their own decisions and takes their own actions. Life coaches provide positive support and encouragement. While a life coach might challenge you to think differently or suggest that you try a different approach, you must decide whether to take the advice or not. Life coaches do not in any way control the client’s thoughts, actions or life. If you feel bad after a coaching call, for any reason, let your life coach know about it. It is probably a miscommunication or it could be that this coach’s style is not working for you. If this happens consistently, try a different life coach. You should feel uplifted and motivated to take action at the end of each personal coaching call. You should certainly feel good about yourself and your accomplishments.
Yes. Some clients hire a life coach to help them achieve a specific objective or project. Many clients choose to continue working with their life coach after their initial goals are accomplished because there are even more interesting things to do!
One month at the very least. Although on average, most people find life coaching more beneficial than they realized and stay on longer than they initially anticipated. We may ask for a three to six month commitment but usually let you stop immediately if the coaching is not working for you. We never lock you into a fixed term for life coaching.
This does not apply to corporate contracts which may be for a specific term or project and are negotiated on a case-by-case basis.
We will work out a fee on a case by case basis after speaking with you on the phone, Skype or any other popular chatting app.
Yes! We use Skype, Tango, Viber, WeChat, WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger to work with our clients all over the globe.
Michael Djavahery is a Life Coach, an Advanced Instructor of Hypnosis, Speaker, Master Hypnotist and Certified Clinical Hypnotherapist in private practice in Los Angeles. He is an in-demand instructor of workshops and seminars for corporations, government agencies, universities and special interest groups.
The color #00220D is one of 16,777,216 (16^6) hexadecimal colors. It is closest to the websafe color #003300.
Law professor Richard Hasen is an expert on campaign finance law. He says the problem isn’t money in politics. The problem is BIG money in politics. Journalist Chuck McCutcheon has written a book essential to understanding the 2016 campaign: a dictionary of euphemisms politicians use to hide what they really mean. And Bill Press interviews Charles Lechner, an ex-Occupy Wall Streeter who now heads “People for Bernie.”
As Bernie Sanders denounces the effect of money in politics, campaign finance expert Richard Hasen says money doesn’t corrupt an office-seeker, but it does make a candidate viable.
What does it mean when a politician says an idea is “counterproductive?” Journalist Chuck McCutcheon decodes this and all the other doubletalk of a political campaign,
Last night's hill training went very well. I did 6 repeats, the last one was the fastest and they were all within 4 seconds of each other. The hamstring problem I seemed to have after last weeks hills did not flare up again and seems to have gone away which is better than I could have expected.
The weather was great last night. 5C and clear, almost no wind. You have to take those days when you can.
Now I am seriously thinking of doing the Flying Pig in May and I read the course description which mentions tonnes of hills. If I am actually going to do the race, I'll be adding a few extra weeks of hill training into my program.
Hit The Road was founded in 2004 by Tony Denford to provide fitness and running training to individuals, corporations and charities. Since that time, we have evolved to provide wellness programs and education to corporate clients to help them become the employers of choice while improving their bottom line and the lives of their employees.For more information on our services, please contact info@hittheroadrunning.com.
You will apply what you’ve learned in previous workshops to the production of your Capstone or research assignment.
As technology advances, the digital arts becomes an increasingly exciting field, with boundless opportunities for artistic innovation.
Software engineers may soon be able to outsource some of the more mundane tasks of their profession, using Alexa, the ever-popular virtual assistant from Amazon.
"It is important that you ask questions during your internship. People are not going to be annoyed because they expect that from you and it shows to the employer that you are engaged and you want to learn more."
"I chose ITU because it helped me in getting my second masters. I already have a masters in Interior Design and I wanted to do something different. My Masters in Business Administration has really helped me broaden my horizons."
"I think the course setting, support from the professors, and network resources are really helpful for my current job and my future career paths."
"Digital arts is something that is necessary globally in every aspect of a business. I like to teach students to look at the world through the lens of a digital artist. To be able to light that spark in someone else and help them to find their pathway to success, there's nothing better than that"
International Technological University (ITU) continues to lead in the field of industry-linked education, research and in understanding the needs of underrepresented students pursuing graduate degrees, specifically Hispanic and Latino students in STEM fields.
"All that I have learned here about management I’ve been able to apply it, real time. This is what I find valuable. I want to learn something not just learn it and to forget it and not want to apply is again. Not just something theoretical, I want to learn something I can take and I can use it."
Good news for California residents! As a California resident, you can receive a 25% discount on ITU tuition.
As an ITU graduate, you’ll gain more than just a degree — take advantage of exciting services and programs we have available to sustain professional growth.
The Business Administration Department at ITU offers a focus in Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) using SAP, the market leader in enterprise application software.
An average of 22 different countries is represented at ITU each trimester. The International Student Office (ISO) is proud to serve each of these students.
Most of the students here at ITU are working in high-tech companies in the heart of Silicon Valley, and I think that is really unique. Learning from all these different people from different backgrounds is extremely enriching for me....
ITU is an authorized Pearson VUE testing center. Through ITU, you’ll have greater access to advanced registration and scheduling, as well as support tools.
Through ITU, you can take official EC-Council curriculum courses, attend Hacker Halted conferences, and gain Ethical Hacker certification.
Learn how to create your personal library of citations using Zotero. RSVP to the Zoom invitation when you receive it.
Children with disabilities wheretobuymedication.com legit The deal: You donÃ¢Â€Â™t know what youÃ¢Â€Â™ll get with most subscription boxes, but Beauty Army lets you choose. Fill out a profile outlining your hair type, style preference and a few other details, then choose six items from the siteÃ¢Â€Â™s Ã¢Â€Âœshowroom.Ã¢Â€Â� (DonÃ¢Â€Â™t like your choices? Go back and fill out the profile differently.)
Looking for work buspar drugs.com reviews One subpoena seeking lobbying and campaign donation information from the Cuomo-friendly Real Estate Board of New York had been drafted by the commission and approved by its three co-chairmen. But at the insistence of Cuomo aides, it was never sent, several sources said.
I don't like pubs how long does it take to grow hair using rogaine And at a closely watched processor owned by Archer DanielsMidland Corp in Decatur, Illinois, merchants sought tobuy soybeans at $16.40 per bushel on Monday, a price that fellto $13.58 by the end of the week.
I read a lot cialis 20 mg precio bogota The study - entitled Greater expectations, raising aspirations for children - shows a child from a disadvantaged background is far less likely to achieve a good level of development at age four, or match those from better off backgrounds at school age 11.
We used to work together viprogra uk Once, when Mark McGwire testified in front of Congress and was asked questions about steroids, he said he wasnÃ¢Â€Â™t there to talk about the past. This was long before McGwire admitted to being a steroids user when he was hitting all those home runs for the St. Louis Cardinals. My friend Bob Ryan of the Boston Globe said that McGwire pleaded the Ã¢Â€ÂœFourth-and-a-Half AmendmentÃ¢Â€Â� that day in Washington.
Homework On Web is a best online tutoring organization, that helps in your school homework, assignment, test preparation and regular tutoring. We are expert in Math
Stressed with your assignment? Our cheap online assignment help assures you quality help. Use our cheap online assignment services today and get 15% discount.
Get assignment writing help by expert tutors. Fast & cheap assignment help for student across USA, New Zealand, Australia, UK, UAE, Singapore.
Don't hesitate to hire a professional academic writer at our top-notch assignment help online assignment researched and mistake-free assignment.
Leading Assignment Help service provider in UK and Australia. Get Plagiarism free homework help online at affordable price covering management and engineering
Assignment Help Club – Your Online Solution To Assignment Help Problems When managing your assignments becomes tough, buying assignment help is a wise choice.
Every student needs assignment help online. We guarantee that your work will be performed stricly on time, just visit us today. Get help with assignment from
Assignment Tutor Help is offering the online assignment services by its professional experts. Hire Australian, US, UK, UAE and Canada assignment writing experts.
Need Help With Assignments Online? Choose an academic writing company wisely! When a person orders for an assignment online, he/she anticipates that the work will be
text analysis essay Free Assignment Help Online dissertation checking services uk how will mba help in my career essay
OZ Assignment Help provides best online assignment writing service in Australia. We have Australian assignment full time experts to write custom Essays, Assignments
2018-09-25 · Need assignment help online? and can make your academic days tension-free. are looking for assignment help online to write a
Need help in your assignment! To relieve your stress we suggest you to make use of our online assignment help service to cope up with the plagiarism free,
Online Assignment Expert offers accounting assignment help and accounting homework help at affordable prices. We provide 100% plagiarism-free accounting assignment
We are Best Assignment Writing Company in Australian Writing Market. Get Australian Assignments Help with Professional Assignment Writers Online in Cheap price.
Feeding a toddler is not easy. We know that some of them can be extremely fussy, only wanting to eat certain types of food and not being adventurous in trying new stuff. As mothers, all of us worry if our kids are getting all the nutrients they need to grow up healthy and strong. That is why we have narrowed down our top 2 snacks that will satisfy even the fussiest of toddlers.
This recipe is handed down to me from my sister and ever since I’ve tried it, my toddler has been happily gobbling it up! It is fairly easy to make and a breeze to clean up. All you need is some carrots, ground beef or chicken and some applesauce. If you do not have carrots at home, you can substitute with spinach. Just be sure to finely chop all ingredients to make it easy for your baby to swallow. Mix all the ingredients thoroughly and roll them into little balls. The smaller the balls are, the easier it is for your baby to pick them up. Once you’ve rolled all the balls, gently place them on a baking sheet and pop them into the oven for 10 to 15 minutes. Serve hot and enjoy!
This is an even easier recipe and as an added bonus, it’s good for baby! Simply whisk flour, oats, eggs and blended sweet potato together until smooth. Pour in 1 tablespoon of the waffle mixture into your waffle maker and cook. Once cooked, serve it with applesauce.
Active Retirement Ireland, the country’s largest community-based older people’s organisation, has today responded to claims by the Law Society of Ireland that an expansion of the Fair Deal Scheme would alleviate the Irish housing crisis. The Law Society’s Pre-Budget submission, launched today, claimed that allowing older people in care to retain the proceeds of sales of their homes would “potentially release some housing stock”.
Head of Communications and Public Affairs for Active Retirement Ireland Peter Kavanagh said, “This line of thinking reinforces a model of care that is outdated and has remained fundamentally unchanged since the Irish Poor Law Act of 1838. Time and again, in numerous countries and jurisdictions, it has been proven that care in the community is by far the most cost-effective way for any government to manage an ageing population. Allowing older people to age at home will save the Government millions, which can then be spent on increasing the housing stock – which is the only way to end the current crisis.”
Kavanagh said, “We need to re-examine our custodial model of care, which is not fit for purpose. Treating older people as some kind of obstacle to solving the housing and homelessness crisis is ageist.”
"The miracle is not to fly in the air, nor to walk on the water, but to walk on the earth." (Chinese Proverb)
For Poetry Friday today, I offer you a poem by Sierra Nelson, who is the sweetest Force-to-Be-Reckoned-With that I've ever met. I've known her since graduate school, where a mutual professor of ours, Richard Kenney, encouraged a long look at the weirdness and delight of nursery rhymes, curses, blessings, riddles and proverbs. So here's a jump-rope-rhyme-ish poem for you, pure Sierra-style, with a concluding couplet that absolutely shines. The poem first appeared in the literary journal CRANKY:
When I know I'm going to see new work by Sierra, I'm delighted, because I can't predict what it will be like - her work is always fresh, full of heart but not sentimental, always slightly quirky. And she has energy to spare: She writes for the Kenyon Review blog, she co-founded the performance groups The Typing Explosion and The Vis-a-Vis Society (video link - not to be missed) and she teaches classes in creative writing - if you live in the Seattle area you should not miss opportunities to hear her read or to study with her. Here are links to some upcoming events and classes:
Oh - one more accomplishment worth mentioning: Sierra is one of the organizers of the Seattle Cephalopod Appreciation Society. Just what it sounds like. They work to increase the appreciation of squid, octopuses, chambered nautiluses and cuttlefish. Their last meeting was on June 13th, but I'm sure they'll have another in the fall - definitely attend. These are occasions for cephalopod-themed celebration - recitations, songs, and (sometimes slightly eerie) octopus movies.
Poetry Friday today is being hosted by Laura Evans at Read Poetry K-12. Definitely head over there to see what other people have posted.
An excellent first thing to read on a Friday morning! (Excellent, except for the fact that it makes me miss you all: the blogger, the featured poet, the Rome-stationed photographer.) Hugs to all -- Cody
Thanks for introducing me to a talented poet. I can't wait to check out all the links you shared. I am quite enamored with this poem of hers. It's brilliantly simple at first glance, but so full of nuance and it really puts a vivid image in my mind as I read it. It's one of those I find myself wanting to read over and over to discover things I missed the previous times.
So excited to hear about Sierra! I do love her freshness and quirkiness. What a beautiful spirit she is. :)
I was sitting at the table in the diner with her! How did she do that with just short phrases and snapshots?!? I agree: TALENT.
Poet Julie Larios taught for seven years on the faculty of the Vermont College of Fine Arts in their MFA-Writing for Children program and recently returned full-time to her writing. She has published four books of poetry for children (see titles and covers below.) She is the winner of a Pushcart Prize and has been included twice in the annual Best American Poetry series for her poetry for adults, and was granted a fellowship by the Washington State Arts Commission/Artist Trust. Composer Dag Gabrielson interpreted one of her poems for a libretto performed by members of the New York City Opera for their 2011 Vox Series. and commissioned two more for other productions. Recent poems for children have appeared in or are forthcoming in anthologies edited by Kenn Nesbitt, J .Patrick Lewis, Janet Wong and Sylvia Vardell, and Lee Bennett Hopkins.
"This is the power of art: The power to transcend our own self-interest, our solipsistic zoom-lens on life, and relate to the world and each other with more integrity, more curiosity, more wholeheartedness." (Maria Popova)
"A few well-angled sentences announce to me if this is a voice whose command I can trust or whose quirkiness intrigues. Style, after all, is metabolism." (John Lahr)
"Thoreau got up each morning and walked to the woods as though he had never been where he was going to, so that whatever was there came to him like liquid into an empty glass."(John Cage)
Click here to head over to Kidlitosphere and find out who is hosting the Poetry Friday Round-Up this week.
This provides a wonderful twist and an element of surprise that is difficult to find in lots of detective plans.
” He was referring to the moderately priced restaurant he runs from a town dwelling on East Sixty-fourth Avenue. In the prior four guides, JoJo experienced gained one particular star. Now it had none. Vongerichten was firm to have the ranking back. “I will ask for the report on JoJo,” Vongerichten advised me. (Michelin will, on ask for, source to cooks the inspectors’ penned report on their own cafe.) “I'll review it. The nice factor is, you have a calendar year to really make it better!”
Canada’s largest cannabis company has announced they have closed the biggest deal in the history of the legal cannabis industry.
Constellation Brands, the alcoholic beverage company behind such brands as Corona and Svedka Vodka, announced today that they are acquiring 104.5 million shares of Canopy Growth, the country’s largest cannabis producer, for a total of $5 billion CND.
This will increase Constellation Brands ownership interest in Canopy Growth to approximately 38%. The shares are being bought at a price of $48.60 each, which is a 51.2% premium to the closing price on August 14, 2018. The announcement caused Canopy’s stock price to shoot up by over 30% this morning.
“This is rocket fuel,” said Bruce Linton, Chairman and Co-CEO of Canopy Growth, on a company earnings call on Wednesday. “We’re going to be way more global.”
This investment, the largest to date in the cannabis space, will provide a financial means by which Canopy Growth plans to continue to build and acquire assets to expand into the nearly 30 countries pursuing federally permissible medical pot programs.
“Through this investment, we are selecting Canopy Growth as our exclusive global cannabis partner,” said Rob Sands, CEO of Constellation Brands, in a release. “Over the past year, we’ve come to better understand the cannabis market, the tremendous growth opportunity it presents, and Canopy’s market-leading capabilities.”
“We look forward to supporting Canopy as they extend their recognized global leadership position in the medical and recreational cannabis space.”
Founded in 2013, Canopy Growth has become a leader in Canada’s legal cannabis market. It has an established a global presence in 11 countries, while aquiring other names in Canadian pot like Tweed and Spectrum Cannabis.
“Our business can now make the strategic investments required to accelerate our market position globally,” said Linton. “Constellation’s concentration of global cannabis activities exclusively through Canopy, coupled with the investment and its expert capabilities… will be a huge benefit as we look to expand our portfolio in Canada, the United States and emerging cannabis markets around the globe.”
Canopy Growth will remain a Canadian company with its headquarters in Smiths Falls, Ontario, and will continue to be led by its existing management team.
This deal follows the recent announcement by iconic brewer Molson and Canadian cannabis company Hydropothecary that they would be forming a strategic partnership to produce a non-alcoholic beverage infused with cannabis. Neither Constellation or Canopy have indicated if they intend to produce a similar product.
Peter is the Online Editor at Daily Hive Toronto. He's deeply interested in fringe political movements, issues around cannabis reform and your latest news tip ([email protected]).
Yes I did it, I went there. Oh c’mon, you know you were thinking it! I just actually came out and typed an entire blog post about it. Marriage……Movies, you have absolutely made it awful for women giving us our false expectations of what relationships should really look like! We are all about fairy tales […]
felt rug pads for hardwood floors exciting felt rug pads for hardwood floors personable wall ideas minimalist rugs on home interior from felt rug pad wood floor.
felted rug pad felt rug pad large size of felt rug pad premium felted astounding area archived on felt rug pad surya premium felted rug pad.
mohawk home supreme felted rug pad basics felt latex non slip,oz felt area rug pad mohawk home premium felted non slip dual surface supreme wool,surya premium felted rug pad mohawk home supreme dual surface 8x10 area pads review felt rugs and rubber small,felted non slip rug pad surya premium stopper supreme dual surface mohawk,felted non slip rug pad surya premium wool pads hardwood floors,area rug pad our pick home supreme dual surface felted wool non slip felt,mohawk home supreme felted rug pad dual surface lowes felt basics latex non slip,surya premium felted rug pad pads gore dean home mohawk supreme dual surface non slip,felt and rubber rug pads mohawk home supreme felted pad non slip,lowes felt rug pad non slip carpet furniture pads for hardwood floors do i felted surya premium.
You can buy our products in healthy grocery shops, e-shops with healthy nutrition, selected on-line pharmacies, Teta drugstores and in Electro World.
Do you run an healthy grocery shop, pharmacy or anything else and you would like to resell our products?
⇒ The upper arm and wrist blood pressure monitor you options to include automated blood pressure monitor,
⇒ There are other home medical supplies to help with the management of hypertension for heart health.
Contact Information that allows us to communicate with you, such as your name, postal address, email address, social media website, user account name, telephone number, or other addresses at which you receive communications from Branoo.
Click on BUY NOW Fill your purchase details. If you want to buy more different product then click on CONTINUE SHOPPING otherwise you have to click on PROCEED TO CHECKOUT.
While processing to checkout and submit your information there will be payment options available from which you can choose one according to your convenience (bkash & cash on delivery)
Publish your project for free and start receiving offers from freelance contractors in serveral minutes after publication!
Total Visitor: 16645761 Copyright © 2011 by The FutureNet Computer Sdn. Bhd. | Designed and Hosted by Yibon Creative Inc.
A new comedy series about a bachelor brother and his newly divorced sister living under one roof again. Together, they coach each other through the crazy world of dating while raising her teenage daughter.
I now have over 2500 friends on facebook. Call me a pushover: I am ready to befriend anyone. (Try me again if, inadvertently, I have ever ignored your request in the past).
Structural steel detailing is really a vital means of structural engineering and calls for near-ninety nine% precision. Even a tiny mistake can result in a lack of valuable money and time. Structural steel detailing is a crucial and necessary course of action in every type of producing and design actions, for instance erection of household and commercial buildings, factories and institutes, and also shipbuilding.
From a strong establishment of firm striving to best quality-oriented output, we received the very best profile purchasers inside our facet.
With many years’ steelwork practical experience and sector know-how, Steel Structural Consultant present their purchasers with a comprehensive assortment of experience and capabilities in offering all areas of structural steelwork, secondary / architectural steelwork and plate perform.
Our structural style crew is able to examining sophisticated style and design issues and arriving at answers that have a major beneficial influence on projects. Our understanding, knowledge and practical experience throughout numerous domains such as architecture, civil engineering, structural engineering, electrical engineering, mechanical/plumbing style, and in various construction resources which include steel and concrete, provide us the mandatory aggressive edge.
See what shoppers are doing Steelway integrates constructing procedures With the assistance of detailing application, Canadian building methods firm now performs do the job that utilized to need 1000s of drawings with one BIM model.
They are really even more Geared up with in-depth specialized know-how and comprehensive encounter in structural steel detailing. Our talented industry experts have abilities in style and design, detailing and drafting—all of which can be our Main competencies.
At Steel Structural Consultant Alternatives, we offer steel detailing services to consumers throughout the world. Our steel detailing India headquarters employs engineers with tutorial levels in structural and civil engineering.
We are providing environment class structural steel shop and erection drawings and pre-engineered making element and erection drawings, architectural drafting, focused and personalized to satisfy customer criteria and specifications with accuracy, lowered Value and time.
Our mission at SSC is to deliver a assistance committed to in time delivery and zero faults. To guarantee our mission is realized;
The detailer is needed to adjust to the steel detailing specifications of various countries, for example those specified because of the:
For Accurate, Price tag-Powerful Final results Our exact and prompt steel detailers will increase the performance of the construction job by minimizing costly faults and lagging schedules. Steel Structural Consultant has regularly gained the track record for bringing a person-of-a-sort layouts to fruition with Excellent quality and timeliness.
Steel detailing will involve the creation of in check here depth drawings for fabricators and contractors, and involves strategies and estimates, together with other experiences and vital responsibilities. The procedure consists of two key sorts of drawings—store drawings and erection drawings.
SSC was founded having a motto being the most effective engineering enterprise with top quality and finest service in mind.
Our steel detailers give intelligent and finest detailing and drawings for your big or small projects of buildings, towers, bridges, homes, villas, walkways, galleries, storage bunkers and others. We shed hours in creating very special drawings and design to personalize your projects. We not only go from a check list but also go from our benchmark system for high quality services to our customers and clients.
We simply believe in providing accuracy in our steel detailing and solely concentrate on the project for aptness. If you want steel detailing services, Steel Structural Consultant helps you in every way to fulfill your requirements with reasonable charges.
Riesling puts forth bright citrus aromatics followed by fleshy apple and soft touches of pineapple notes. Good acidity with just the right amount of sweetness to satisfy any palette.
Description: Netchex payroll services company offers a web-based suite of payroll services software with tools for benefits, human resources, reporting, employee self-service and time and attendance.
Membership is available for a minimum donation of £20 per person per annum. Members will enjoy free complimentary electronic access to Youth Justice: An International Journal’ the leading international journal Edited by Ursula Kilkelly, University College Cork, Ireland and Lesley McAra, University of Edinburgh, UK and published by SAGE, as well as online access to the journal’s extensive back catalogue. For an additional fee, members can also opt to receive a hard copy of the journal (three editions per year).
As a full member, you will have voting rights at the Association’s Annual General Meetings and will be able to vote or stand in elections to the Board of Trustees. You will also qualify for discounted rates at NAYJ conferences and events.
It is easy to join NAYJ and pay electronically by clicking on the ‘Join Us‘ button. If you prefer an alternative method of paying please download an application form.
The Neighborhood News has initiated a new community project called The Neighborhood News Seminars. We understand that knowledge is one of our most valuable community resources and wanted to create opportunities for people in our community to share their expertise and knowledge with each other.
We are going to start by providing a Free seminar a month. If it clicks with the community, we will add more. We recently provided a seminar on Obamacare and Medicare by local resident Nita Lane at the Congregational Church of Christian Fellowship in Sugar Hill. From Carol Hall Holliday Chair of the Board of Public Relations,“Thank you Nita Lane for coordinating the presentation of two outstanding health care insurance seminars at the Congregational Church of Christian Fellowship (CCCF) on Saturday, September 14. On behalf of Pastor, Rev. James K. McKnight and our Church Officers, we were pleased to be the first location for the launch of this outstanding Neighborhood News initiative, developed by Dianne Lawrence- to bring & share experts/facts and information with the community.
For those of us in attendance, we learned a tremendous amount about Medicare and The Affordable Health Care Act - Obamacare. Again, thank you everyone.”
For October and November we are partnering with the Tom Bradley Family Center on Pico and will repeat this seminar
Wed. October 16 from 6 - 8pm. On another date, to be determined, we will also have a seminar by local real estate expert Maisa Faucette on why a Living Trust instead of a will can save your estate money and headaches after you pass. Instruction will be included on how to create one. We will also be providing a seminar on Dog Obedience by dog training expert (and editor of this publication) Dianne Lawrence. Does your dog pull on walks, bark aggressively at others, need housebreaking, just won’t listen? Find out why and how to overcome these and other typical dog obedience problems. These seminars will take place on separate dates.
Email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or call us at 323-871-8580 for dates, time and location.
Many communities within our borders and around Los Angeles have complained about the consequence of...
There is a spate of new development activities in CD 10 -- many in areas long ignored by the real...
On the afternoon of February 17, 1909, a small boat pushed off from a dock in Havana’s harbor, cut through the pearl-green waters hugging the shoreline, and slid into the ultramarine-blue bay. Out ahead of it, one of the most luxurious private yachts in the world lay at anchor.
Why would anyone want to read about some newspaper publisher from 100 years ago? Like, no one reads a newspaper anymore.
True. Fewer and fewer folks are reading newspapers anymore, especially younger people. But the question confuses content with delivery, words with paper. Newspapers that produce good journalism will morph into something else. To survive as a democratic society we need independent journalism. We need a group of people to serve as watchdogs, ferreting out corruption and wrong doing. We need agenda setters, to help bring important issues to the public’s attention. But, I’m getting off the point. These are needs and folks may decide they don’t care about democracy and a free press.
Good journalism will find readers just like good stories will continue to be told. So journalism won’t die only its form.
So back to Joseph Pulitzer. Like Alfred Nobel, Pulitzer is better known today for the prize that bears his name than for his contribution to history. This is a shame. In the nineteenth century, when America became an industrial nation and Carnegie provided the steel, Rockefeller the oil, Morgan the money, and Vanderbilt the railroads, Pulitzer was the midwife to the birth of the modern mass media. What he accomplished was as significant in his time as the creation of television would be in the twentieth century, and it remains deeply relevant in today’s information age.
Pulitzer’s lasting achievement was to transform American journalism into a medium of mass consumption and immense influence. He accomplished this by being the first media lord to recognize the vast social changes that the industrial revolution triggered, and by harnessing all the converging elements of entertainment, technology, business, and demographics. This accomplishment alone would make him worthy of a biography.
Okay, so he’s important but publishers are boring, right? They just go to their desk each day and write memos, letters, and do lunch.
Many publishers, including ones I have worked for, are boring. But not this guy, His fascinating life made him an irresistible subject. Ted Turner-like in his innovative abilities, Teddy Roosevelt-like in his power to transform history, and Howard Hughes-like in the reclusive second half of his life as a blind man tormented by sound, his tale provides all the elements of a life story that is important, timely, and compelling.
• He turned one town upside town with innovative journalism of the kind never seen before that included spying on politicians through keyholes, exposing the names of the well-to-do who owned whorehouses, and publishing tax returns of the rich who claimed they had no money.
• Pushes his family away (wife has affair) and spends the remainder of his life a recluse wandering the globe in despair.
It’s not the writing, it’s the research. My job is like that of a private investigator, hours os talking about just to ascertain one lousy fact. Hey it’s a living.
To put together this book I had to spend months in St. Louis, then months going through archival boxes of papers at Columbia University and the Library of Congress in addition to those in dozens of archives and historical societies. I also went to Paris, London, and Hungary.
Nearly a century ago, it was reported in newspapers that Pulitzer’s only living brother had written a memoir shortly before committing suicide in 1909. In 2005, I located the manuscript in the custody of his granddaughter in Paris. An extraordinarily talented sculptor of religious figures, the late Muriel Pulitzer had guarded the work all her life after her father failed to get it published as he had hoped. The memoir sheds new light on the Pulitzers’ childhood in Hungary, their separate journeys to the United States, their rise as American newspaper publishers, and the prickly relationship between them.
Another important source of material was rescued from a trash bin in St. Louis. More than twenty years ago, the contractor Pat Fogarty spotted some wooden cigar boxes in a Dumpster near a building undergoing renovation. He thought they were too nice to be thrown out, so he took them home. When he opened them he discovered they were filled with documents from the 1800s that had once belonged to Joseph Pulitzer’s St. Louis Post-Dispatch. He put the boxes in his basement for safekeeping, thinking someday he might be able to sell the items.
In 2008, Pat and Leslie Fogarty generously shared the contents with me. The papers turned out to be historically significant. They included the original receipts for Pulitzer’s purchase of the Dispatch at auction in 1878, the original merger agreement several days later between the Dispatch and the Post, hundreds of canceled checks signed by Pulitzer, and a loan agreement revealing who provided Pulitzer with the money to operate his first newspaper.
Two other noteworthy sets of documents surfaced in St. Louis during my research. Eric P. Newman provided a copy of a financial note signed by Pulitzer that was instrumental in piecing together his partial ownership of the Westliche Post. The St. Louis Police Department Library gave me access to the 1872 Minutes of the St. Louis Police Commission contained in books that had been found abandoned in a closet.
In Washington, D.C., I pursued at length a large cache of documents relating to President Theodore Roosevelt’s attempt to imprison Pulitzer for criminal libel. After years of claims by archivists that there were no such files, a threat of a lawsuit under the Freedom of Information Act from a prominent Washington law firm sped their discovery. The files provide for the first time an inside look at this important episode in abuse of presidential power.
Last, a small file folder at the Lake County Historical Society in Ohio contained a set of intriguing love letters to Kate Pulitzer while she was married to Joseph. They were signed only with an initial. But another set of documents, donated to Syracuse University in 2001, helped me identify her lover.
Glad you asked. I am working day and night in trying to help create Biographers International Organization (BIO) to help advance the art and craft of biography. The idea grew from a call published in The Biographer’s Craft, a newsletter I edit, in 2008 in response to a sense that interest in, and support for, biography was growing.
In recent years, for example, the Leon Levy Center for Biography was established at CUNY’s Graduate Center, thanks to a gift of $3.7 million from the Leon Levy Foundation. The University of Southern California organized the Consortium for the Study of Biography. The Biographer’s Craft newsletter, launched with a handful of readers, found a strong reception among biographers and has grown at a prodigious rate. Sessions on biography at the Organization of American Historians and the American Society of Journalists and Authors attracted solid audiences.
In the midst of this growth, BIO plays a unique role. Its mission is to promote the art and craft of biography and to seek to further the professional interests of its practitioners. It is currently operating under the aegis of the Freedom to Write Fund in Washington, DC but will become its own 501 (c) 3 organization. It is in the process of selecting a provisional board of directors who will be formally elected during the business portion of 2010 meeting.
The “Compleat Biographer”, scheduled for May 15, 2010 at the University of Massachusetts Boston, will bring together biographers from the United States and other countries for a daylong series of workshops and panel discussion. Unlike previous gatherings of biographers, the focus of the conference is on the practical aspects of the craft and art of biography, which reflects the mission of the organization. Sessions will focus on using archives, obtaining funding for research, choosing a subject, meeting with editors and agents, examining new technological changes in publishing, and a wide array of other topics.
I was not compensated for this post. Although I was sent this paper cutter to review, all opinions expressed are always my own.
The A3 Paper Cutter arrived promptly via UPS. Apart from a small tear in the box, the package weathered the delivery well. The A3 Paper Cutter comes ready to use, no extra parts loose in the box. This also means no instructions, but everyone knows how to use your basic guillotine paper cutter, right? Instructions would just end up in the recycling bin.
The stainless steel blade, which is replaceable, comes lightly greased. The main body of the paper cutter is white and made out of steel. I feel like a steel cutting base will, in the long run, be more durable than wood or ABS, even with frequent use.
The object itself feels sturdy yet weighs only 6 lbs. At first I can’t lift the blade because the arm is locked and I can’t figure out how to unlock it. I finally push the handle out and the blade immediately springs to a ~40 degree angle and stays there, at attention.
This isn’t exactly your typical paper cutter seen in schools. It has some perks that make it safer and more precise.
A little about me: I handcraft perfect bound books. Until now I have used a regular old box cutter, metal ruler, and self-healing cutting mat to make book blocks. The process is arduous but I like it.
Because most of the books I make are much longer than 12 sheets (24 pages), the A3 Paper Cutter isn’t always more efficient than my box cutter, but it’s definitely useful to have around for making our pocket notebooks, which are 25 sheets (50 pages).
To make these pocket notebooks, I have to take an 8.5 x 11 inch sheet and cut it into 4 equal rectangles, and I have to do this to a total of 25 sheets.
I make 2 stacks, one with 12 sheets and one with 13 sheets. The A3 Paper Cutter cuts through the first stack beautifully. Although this is its max cutting capacity–12 sheets–the A3 Paper Cutter cuts through the next ream of 13 sheets just as beautifully. However, when I try 25 sheets in one whack, the result isn’t as beautiful; while the blade manages to slice through, it is only after much exertion on my part, and the cut is rough.
The adjustable guide ruler is useful for squaring each stack. I also use it to cut the paper into 4.25 x 5.5 inch stacks. Having said that, while this guide ruler is useful, it isn’t as precise as it could be, and it is my only complaint about the A3 Paper Cutter.
When tightened this plastic guide ruler curves a little bit, angling the stack slightly forward rather than keeping it at a right angle. Normally this minor aberration would be fine for home or office use, but it’s important for my 4.25 x 5.5 inch stacks to be square. To compensate for the way the guide ruler curves when tightened, I leave it loose and hold it in place by pressing down with my free hand, which is easy to do.
In this picture, if you look close enough at the guide ruler, which is fully tightened, you can see the dotted lines at the top of the steel cutting base disappear as it curves forward.
It follows that the only improvement I can think of in the A3 Paper Cutter would be to extend the guide ruler so it reaches all the way to the bottom of the steel cutting base, where it would glide along a second rail to distribute the tension in the guide ruler more evenly, keeping it square.
Other than this small detail only someone like me would notice, I highly recommend the A3 Paper Cutter as a useful addition to any home, office, or even photography studio.
Right now I’m sitting in a distant corner of the Rat, which is short for Rathskeller, an on-campus place to buy cheap beer at the University of Miami. It being Thursday after work, students and employees have formed a long line to the counter, where the majority are taking advantage of today’s special, namely, a pitcher of Rolling Rock or Grolsch for $4.99.
I have a pitcher of Grolsch already at the dregs. I’m drinking out of a plastic cup and I’m wearing a neon green paper bracelet, which I like to think of as something I’ve earned, having passed the prestigious age – at least in this country – of twenty-one.
On the wall behind me is a framed life-size photograph of the UM mascot, Sebastian the Ibis. I look into the orange beak, try to discern a human face somewhere inside the costume, see what looks like two eyes, and then read the plaque that captions the photo.
I learn that the yearbook committee chose an ibis as the unofficial school mascot circa 1926, just one year after The University of Miami was founded. Even though they chose the ibis, the first official mascot was selected in 1950. Hurricane I was a sixty-five pound brown and white boxer.
If anyone can find an image of this mascot, I’d be much obliged, since I have a hard time believing that this pre-Sebastian-the-Ibis canine ever existed.
The magic happened in August 1957, when the ibis came into the world as an entry in that year’s Homecoming competition. I’m given to understand that until then it had only been a drawing used by the yearbook committee.
But in August 1957, a none-too-small miracle happened when the ibis seemingly flew off the shelves of forgotten yearbooks in the library stacks and emerged as if from out of a cannonball onto the Homecoming stage.
If only one of the people present for this ceremony could step forward from the hits counter and dare to become more than a number. Please, you who witnessed the ibis standing tall in real life for the first time since its birth circa 1926, leave a comment and describe the experience, which I cannot imagine falling short of sensational.
Was a John Stormont present at the Homecoming competition August 1957? Could it be that Stormont was standing in the crowd, moving with the crowd, becoming one with the crowd, closing his eyes and absorbing the collective effervescence of the crowd until he became, like Frank Eliscu and his Heisman Trophy, the creator of an icon?
I’m guessing he was since for the duration of the Miami Hurricane’s 1958 season, John Stormont could be seen dressed in a makeshift ibis costume, busting moves and rallying the crowd into their famous post-touchdown chant: “ooooooohhhhhhh… C-A-N-E-S Canes!”
The genius of Stormont was realizing the difference between going to the wildly popular football games dressed as John Stormont, the student, versus going dressed as an orange-beaked, White Ibis.
As the student, John could dance with as much enthusiasm and retro-coolness as Napolean Dynamite, but he would still only be another overly enthused student in the crowd.
On the other hand, as the orange-beaked, White Ibis, John Stormont could yoke the collective effervescence of the crowd with his Dynamite dancing skills. As an ibis, he could work the crowd; mold, tickle, transform, and transcend them into becoming another of his followers, and, in turn, a follower of his beloved football team.
I am proposing that Sebastian the Ibis literally transforms the body of Hurricane fans into a pump that can then be used at his will to inflate their team to victory.
Quick flashback: Why, in 1927, did the yearbook committee choose an ibis in the first place, why not another bird?
Well, the answer is ornithological in nature, for it is common knowledge to any bird lover that the ibis is the last bit of wildlife to leave at the approach of a hurricane, and the first to return after its departure. In this way, the ibis is a bird of leadership and courage, as well as speed, confidence, and strength.
John Stormont – I’m tempted to call him John Stork – was proud to become the ibis. He was a Golden God at those games. Wonder if he knew each of the football players by their names, or, more importantly, if they knew his?
“We are grieving, we are furious and we are using our words fiercely and desperately because that’s the only thing standing between us and this happening again,” wrote Emma Gonzalez in her essay published on Feb. 26 of 2018 in Harper’s Bazaar. Gonzalez is an 18-year-old survivor of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in Parkland, Florida and is working with her fellow classmates to fight for more restrictive gun control.
Buying a gun in the United States involves passing the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, an instant background check which considers criminal convictions, history of domestic violence and immigration status, says The New York Times. Individual states have additional protocols in place for purchasing a gun, but under federal law, a gun can be obtained after the aforementioned background check is conducted.
Senior Ben Bernstein has noticed a heightened desire for change, the catalyst of this being the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. In the past, Bernstein has noticed gun debate between parties fizzle out after tragedies occur, but now he sees a teen led movement is keeping debate alive amongst politicians and average citizens.
“If you look at the political zeitgeist right now you see a lot of focus on shootings, especially after Parkland, but more so you’re seeing a sustained political focus on gun legislation that’s lasted way longer than you normally get after a shooting,” Bernstein said. “You’ll get the left proposing some gun legislation, the right saying we need to debate it, and it’ll fizzle out and nothing gets done, but here you’re seeing a student-led movement to insist on reform.”
Members of the South student body shared their stances with the Oracle on various gun related themes, including reactions and solutions.
Junior Miranda Nevin says her passion for the issue has surfaced because of weak gun control and sustained inaction.
“There’s a cycle where a tragedy happens and we talk about it and we say we need to make a change and we pray and then it fades,” Nevin said. “We’ve tried praying and we’ve tried other things and I’m so passionate about [gun control] because I think we need to take a more drastic step.”
According to Bernstein, mass shootings in the past have led his generation to see them as normalized occurrences. He believes three episodes of gun violence inspired American reactions, but that sentiment can be short lived.
“I’d say the three most shocking events that I’ve had in my lifetime, gun wise, would be Sandy Hook, because it was the first mass shooting when [my generation] was news conscious; second would be Vegas because of the [death toll]; and third would be [the Marjory Stoneman Douglas shooting] mostly because of the student response,” Bernstein said. “There have been dozens of mass shootings [at] schools this year, and people are desensitized because it’s become a regular occurrence since Columbine.”
Nevin says that the disconnect she and others feel in response to shootings results in numbed emotions.
“When [a mass shooting] happens and it’s a few states away or it’s somewhere else in the country, it’s tragic and it’s sad but you feel like it can’t touch you,” Nevin said. “You don’t want to assume that because I’m sure those people didn’t think so either but [still], it doesn’t feel real.”
Sophomore Jordan Dihaya, adopted from Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota, says her background influenced her beliefs surrounding America’s second amendment, which she supports. The amendment states that, “A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.”
“[Native Americans] don’t have a lot of the same protections or rights as we do, which is something a lot of people don’t know,” Dihaya said. “[Native Americans] have their own set of laws and a different kind of government. It’s important to me to know that [there is] a set of rights and amendments in our Constitution, and they’re true for every citizen of the US.”
Bernstein acknowledges that the Constitution is difficult to amend, so he advocates for Congress, at both the state and national level, to take action and pass separate legislation. He also sees the rhetoric of the Constitution as flexible. Bernstein notes an example of this being the 2008 court case of D.C. v. Heller, which ruled that a militia can constitute an individual person.
“The Constitution allows for a of lot room for interpretation, so the most effective way to stop gun violence is not to update it…but to [have] Congress pass various legislation, with the state and federal levels, to prevent guns from getting into the wrong hands,” Bernstein said.
When senior George Wood came across an article from the satirical publication The Onion entitled “‘No Way To Prevent This,’ Says Nation Where This Regularly Happens,” he found it striking due to the harsh reality it depicted. He explains that other countries have solved similar problems by instituting strict legislation on guns, such as banning firearms.
“Australia has [restricted] guns and they’ve not had a mass shooting since they’ve done that,” Wood explained. “The thing that makes it powerful when [The Onion] posts their headlines is that they post it every single time something like this happens. When a satirical publication posts something that’s more candid than Fox News, that’s when you have something that’s going wrong with the country.”
Dihaya believes that a federally enacted ban on assault weapons would not be successful. According to Dihaya, those who are in search of firearms, including assault weapons, would still be able to bypass a federal ban.
“I am a believer that if people are going to want guns, they’re going to be able to get guns,” Dihaya said. “There are so many states where people don’t even have to register their guns or there are background checks that are so flimsy and people have guns that shouldn’t.”
However, Dihaya does believe that a solution could be found at the state or even city level. On March 7, Florida governor Rick Scott passed the first legislation following the shooting in Parkland which includes raising the age to purchase a gun from 18 to 21 and bans the sale or possession of bump fire stocks, according to CNN.
According to senior Kathryn Miller, hunting is a typical passtime for her and her family. To obtain their hunting licenses, Miller says her family had to attend comprehensive gun training, which included a two day class, 20 hours in total, and a written test.
“It was super exhausting and annoying to go through, and you really had to pay attention [to] pass,” Miller explained. “You had to be really passionate about getting the license to actually follow through with it because it’s actually a pretty grueling process.”
Senior Riley Alexander believes nothing about gun ownership should be kept private from local, state and federal governments.
“There should be no reason for you to be opposed to you registering your gun unless you are trying to do something illegal,” Alexander said.
Alexander believes training should resemble school. Just like students are educated, gun owners should be as well, she says.
“I think it’d be pretty easy to do training if you buy the gun and every Saturday for five [weeks] you go in and you don’t get to take your gun home, [only] at the end of the training,” Wood said. “A lot of police stations have shooting ranges, there are shooting ranges at a lot of places that sell guns and there could be training centers built around the country.”
According to senior Anthony Savino, arming teachers with concealed weapons would be a viable solution in the prevention of deadly school shootings. Savino believes teachers first must pass a background check in conjunction with a mental health check to be able to carry the weapon on school grounds.
“Guns guard banks [and] guns guard jewelery,” Savino said. “Why shouldn’t guns guard children at schools?”
Wood disagrees with the argument that arming teachers with concealed weapons is an effective solution to combating school shootings. He says the presence of guns in the building are not conducive to successful learning and would result in general unease, but Wood does advocate for a security presence on campus.
“I understand if you put an officer in the school; that makes sense,” Wood said. “I don’t understand the logic behind putting guns in a place to make it more safe and putting them in the hands of regular individuals.”
Bernstein believes that the power of student voices are valuable and that the nation is beginning to recognize this following the shooting in Parkland.
“I think the next couple months are going to be really interesting, [seeing] what happens in politics and [with] the school walkout,” Bernstein said. “I think [the movement] is going to be a lot bigger than people think. There’s going to be a lot more students than anyone is anticipating.”
I have mixed feelings on the issue myself - on the one hand, I love food and am naturally inclined to be in favor of those who want to make delicious things for me. On the other hand, yeah, food sanitation laws exist for a reason. A very good reason. Personally, I am somewhat fearless when it comes to meat, and regularly make steak tartarre with ground beef from Whole Foods, but yeah, e. coli and salmonella are for realz yo.
The inspiration for this came from a recipe in Claudia Roden's Middle Eastern Cooking - one of my all-time favorite cookbooks. It doesn't involve bacon, surprise surprise, it involves stewing beef for over an hour. I didn't feel like doing that tonight, but I saw a recipe on Epicurious for a bacon-tomato-onion pasta that looked sort of mediocre, and I thought hmmm, what if I combine the two, and season the boring pasta recipe with Roden's suggested spices? Voila! Delicious dinner.
Chop up the bacon and fry it up on medium heat. Meanwhile, set the water to boil, with salt and get to work chopping the onions. At some point in this process your water will boil, and when it does, add the pasta.
Once the bacon is mostly done, reduce the heat to low, push the bacon to one side and add the onions. Saute a few minutes until soft, using the time to chop up the tomato. Add the tomato, and then the spices - basically, as much cayenne as you want, depending on how much spice you can handle, a large pinch of everything else. Continue cooking over low heat, basically until your pasta is done - as the tomatoes cook, they sort of collapse, and the whole thing becomes a bit more saucy.
It's a really lovely dinner. I know the spices sound totally bizarre, but together, they're really quite amazing, and are wonderfully complemented by the bacon, as are the softer textures of the tomato and onion. It's an incredibly simple meal, but really quite tasty.
Lauren, who works for a major fast food chain, has asked me to post something about a Bacon competition that's happening on Twitter between November 9th and 20th. So, I guess for a few more days? Huh.
Anyhow, it can be found at @UrBaconMeCrazy (ooooh, I get it now. I was all, who're you calling Bacon, Crazy?) on Twitter. I assume that gives you enough information to find it? I personally kind of despise Twitter. But this apparently allows you to win some money, so I figured hey, you might wanna know about it.
Seriously awesome. It's from a blog that contains a new nail design every day. It is my new favorite blog.
This one, however, has a pretty weak argument, in that it lists 5 things that are meant to serve as evidence that the bacon craze has gone too far, and all of them sound kind of delicious.
Incidentally, they also have a piece on Top 5 Caffeinated Things that Shouldn't Be that's kind of interesting. I don't eat sunflower seeds myself, but I do love coffee cookies, bloody marys and coffee during Sunday brunch (and Sparks! don't even get me started on how much I love Sparks! and how sad I am that it's banned in multiple states and generally seems to be going the way of the dodo). I keep a thingy (tube? stick?) of Spazzstick in my coat pocket (it tastes delicious) and back in college I bought Water Joe by the CASE. So fie on you SF Weekly, y'all are a bunch of haters who don't know what's good in this world.
If you're considering buying a gaming laptop, there are many features you must check out before you buy. But there is no last thing you must check before buying. Find out exactly what this is...
Finding a good practical corporate business gift can be difficult, especially with so many choices out there. This article looks at some of the reasons why business laptops can be the perfect corporate gifts and why you should consider giving them.
If your iPhone experience has ever left you wanting more, then the iPad may just be the scratch your itch is looking for.
IT professionals of today tend to have high expectations with regard to the software tools they use to track and manage their customer issues. Almost everyone who is researching Help Desk software is looking for the application that has the most powerful feature set at the best price.
Alienware laptops have gained a large devoted fanbase, but are these high-priced gaming laptops worth buying? Discover why there are many angles to this question which you must consider before buying that Alienware laptop.
Consumers with broken laptop screens will usually take their computer to an electronics repair store or replace the laptop altogether. A broken laptop screen still has a perfectly functioning machine underneath and with just a screwdriver and a manual you can replace the screen yourself and save. This task is much easier than it sounds and the job can be done in less than an hour with the proper set of instructions.
Will the new Apple iPad turn out to be the perfect student laptop? Only a close examination of the iPad features (and missing features) will give you the answer.
The 'Cloud' has rolled in and by all accounts is here to stay, but is it really the magic bullet for most businesses and is it right for you? And are all clouds the same? Here's what you need to know about computing in 'the Cloud'.
Dazzle them and they will come, or will they? We all know the new 3D technology as seen in the popular film Avatar has everyone enthralled, but will 3D have the same impact on computer gaming? Are we on the verge of a visual gaming revolution?
Everyday there are thousands of people who discover the prospects of a career in SAP. However, lack of knowledge often takes them to mushroom schools that have sprung up due to the high demand of SAP training. Varsha has attempted to give an easy to follow roadmap that is drawn on a timeline. Following this roadmap will ensure that students don't end up as hit-and-run victims of mushroom schools that are run by unethical businessmen and not educators. Midst of the weakening economy and employment uncertainty, the last thing you want is for someone to rob you of your savings and precious time. Read this article to stay in touch for an amazing career in SAP.
Webmasters tend to have an overwhelming fear of working with Internet programming and online scripts... I must admit, I shared that intimidation when I started exploring software code in 1999... This article will guide you towards overcoming the fear, by helping you put knowledge on your side...
Just what are the latest new trends in gaming laptops? Will greater portability and 3D features become the latest trends in gaming laptop design... read to find out.
The whole concept of a gaming netbook is an intriguing idea - take your gaming with you, no matter where you go. But can the Dell Alienware M11x, which is being described as the World's First Gaming Netbook, really capture the hearts and pocketbooks of serious gamers?
If you have never built a website before, one of the quickest and easiest ways to get your first domain live and operational in only minutes is to install WordPress on your website. WordPress is a blogging platform that allows you to have a pre-built website for free that will allow you to focus on the more important items like content, and if you desire it, sales and profits.
One of the most useful tools to come along in recent years for online marketers is url shorteners. In-case you are not using the tiny urls, you're probably losing a lot of sales and traffic. The benefits of using shortened urls typically include:
The Holiday Season is just around the corner and everyone will be considering what to give as gifts this Christmas. If you have more than a little cash to spare and you're operating in a Non-Scrooge mode, here are 5 reasons why giving a gaming laptop should be high on your list.
What are the main differences between netbooks and laptops? Which one should you buy? If you're considering buying a laptop in the near future, read this informative article first!
One of the major problems most web professionals and marketers have is finding the time to use all the blogging sites and programs that exist on the web. Submitting to all these micro-blogs can be very time-consuming... so here's a possible solution for you!
If you're on the hunt for a powerful gaming laptop, here are four factors or things you should check out before buying that gaming monster!
Pursuing a career as a Microsoft Networking Administrator can be both rewarding and challenging. There is a lot to learn in preparation for your career in this field, and you must be willing to upgrade those skills every few years in order to stay up-to-date on these ever-changing technologies. Fortunately, there are many potential paths that you can take that will allow you to successfully become a Microsoft Networking Administrator. No matter which path you choose to follow, however, there are some basic skills that you must have in order to reliably handle your job.
Are you looking for a career in Information Technology? The Check Point Certified Security Administrator (CCSA) certification is a good choice to add to your credentials as a Network Security specialist. The CCSA has not only become a highly recognized and sought after credential to help you get the job, it verifies your knowledge and improves your practical application skills to help you keep the job.
Computer technology has become an essential part of every industry and sector, whether civic or commercial. The industry continues to expand its capabilities, making the continuous and smooth operation of the Information Technology (IT) department a crucial aspect of any large organization. As more computer systems run on the Microsoft platform, there is a high and growing demand for Microsoft Network Administrators.
With its certification programs, the Linux Professional Institute (LPI) has constantly raised the bar of excellence. It has continuously provided support to Linux professionals to meet the industry demands for expert skills. LPI has been acknowledged universally as a leader in providing professional help with Linux, Open Source, and Free Software.
You are tasked with looking for software and in your research you stumble upon 'free' software. Can this be? It sounds too good to be true! How can they do that? It is very tempting - most of us at least take a peak. After all, why would we buy something we can get for free? But don't be rash... The cost of free might be really steep...
You've seen the commercials and read the news advertisements for telephone service using your computer: very cheap monthly fees; make all the calls you want; keep your telephone number forever; and voice quality as good as a landline. You've heard the claims and you've heard the term "VoIP." Here's the scoop.
27. CISSP Advanced Security Certification Can Lead to a Lucrative Career for the Committed Computer Security Professional by Frank Pines
Within months of 9/11, computer security became one of the hottest career choices in Information Technology (IT) departments around the world.
Netbooks are becoming extremely popular with the laptop buying public. They have become even more popular with students. Find out why the little netbook may just be the perfect student laptop...
Internet fax is becoming very popular with business owners and ordinary individuals, but just how do you send a "fax to email" or an "email to fax" for that matter? Keep reading to discover how this is done...
If you're on the hunt for a cheap gaming laptop, here are some suggestions and tips to help you find your ultimate gaming machine at a bargain price.
The last thing an event planner wants to do is to frustrate a potential participant with a difficult registration process. When online registration is setup right, the advantages for both the event planner and the event participants are untold, but common mistakes can have a dramatic impact on the success of your event.
Have you ever registered or attempted to register for an event and spent half an hour trying to figure out what you needed to do? Or have you used an online registration form that lost your data or was so complicated that it seemed like more work than faxing the form?
Toshiba stirs up the laptop gaming world with the first laptop sporting triple NVIDIA GPUs or graphics cards. Have the best of both worlds - powerful gaming performance and quiet operations in one gaming laptop... read more.
Whether you call it a 'hosted solution' or SaaS (Software as a Service), this model of software delivery is a perfect fit for many organizations. While the concept of 'leasing' software has been around for a long time, it has been gaining popularity in recent years, and for good reason.
In the market for a gaming laptop? Here are 5 Top Gaming Laptops you might want to put on your short list. Quick round-up of the latest gaming rigs...
Many folks mistakenly believe that Microsoft Excel is strictly for accountants and bookkeepers, but it is really so much more. The fine programmers at Microsoft have tried to think ahead to how people would like to use spreadsheets, and they incorporated most of that additional functionality into Microsoft Excel.
We all know the saying 'Knowledge is Power', and this still rings true today, but knowledge can also be analogous to 'Time'. Whether it be time gained, or time lost, how quickly employees can access company knowledge translates into huge amounts of time, translating into huge amounts of money. In a season where companies are forced to maintain and improve services, while often cutting budgets, time (knowledge) management can be an overlooked tool that can produce dramatic effects to the bottom line.
If you have never used Microsoft Excel before, it is a computer application that is part of the Microsoft Office package. Many people think of MS Excel as simply a spreadsheet application that is to be used by accountants and other number crunchers, but the truth is that it is an application that can be so much more than just a spreadsheet application.
When preparing for the job market, it simply does not make sense to get up to speed with only the most up-to-date software packages from Microsoft. It is nice to think that your next or current employer should be using Microsoft's 2007 Office package. But, this is the real world.
Back in the 1990's, the only people who had a need to learn to use Microsoft Excel product, were those who used accounting spreadsheets in the course of their work. But, this is 2008 and the need for MS Excel is so much more than it was just a decade ago.
All across the country, cities and counties are implementing "311 Systems" for non emergency citizen requests. Like 911 systems, 311 call centers assist citizens inside their jurisdictions and resolve issues through approved 'answers' contained in the center's 'knowledge base' repository.
Many gamers and computer enthusiasts use "Overclocking" to achieve higher performances from their computers for less money. Learn about overclocking and discover how you can also get higher performances for less money...
Many online searchers get stuck in a rut, by focusing all of their attention on only one or two search engines. But for the person willing to expand his or her search horizons, new and sometimes better information can be found by using some of the alternative search engines available on the internet today.
Here are some of the features you should look for in a good student laptop. Handy check-list of the things you must consider when buying a student laptop.
The actual life of a laptop battery will vary with computer usage habits. For most users, it is not uncommon to experience differences in battery life, of anywhere from just under one hour to over two hours in each sitting. If you are experiencing shorter battery life cycles, say 10 to 15 minutes, it may not yet be time to order that new battery.
Although Apple is a big company that's at the forefront of technological advances, it would seem there's one technical advance that heads of other companies are beginning to wish had never been made available to their employees-email.
The economic downturn has taken a big bite out of personal computer demand, according to two recent ChangeWave surveys on PC buying among consumers and corporations. The results clearly show deteriorating computer spending going forward.
Learning SAP HR or (new name HCM - Human Capital Management) module is not difficult at all if you have a qualified and experienced instructor who loves to teach; If you have the best of material that is geared towards certification; If you have system that is carefully tweaked for optimal performance and if you have an environment that is conducive to total learning.
Ever wonder why more and more people are purchasing their laptops online? Well, now you can discover what they already know... here are 7 good reasons to buy your laptop online.
Nowadays you can plop yourself down in front of your personal computer and play anything from a war game to chess to Donkey Kong or Pac-Man or Frogger. With a little diligence and some Google research, you can find just about any game that has ever been made in a computer version.
Webcasts are all the rage these days with popular shows like Big Brother, Survivor, and many others jumping on the bandwagon to show footage not available on network television. Now, it seems the trend has carried over into the world of weddings.
Extreme Gaming laptops are becoming so powerful the line between what is a laptop and what is a desktop PC has become blurred. When is a laptop not a laptop? Read more...
Software developers and businesses alike can expect to see significant changes in the year ahead in how applications are developed. Research analysts are projecting that 2008 will reveal a shift in the conventional development process, resulting in more flexible solutions that can evolve with a company's changing needs.
In life, it is the moral responsibility for the elder to teach the younger, or for the experienced to teach the inexperienced. In internet life, the same moral responsibility applies in regards to correct use of email.
The very terms 'software leasing' and 'software financing' are confusing to many businesspeople. This is due to the fact that software is typically not seen as something that is purchased over time. But times are changing.
DirectX 10 Graphics is creating a lot of buzz and discussion in the gaming world. It is supposed to bring about a whole new era in PC gaming. But is all the celebration a little bit premature? Can DX10 Graphics give us better gaming? Read on...
At the recent Gartner Symposium/ITxpo held last October in Orlando, more than 6000 senior business and IT strategists from virtually all major industries gathered for the industry's largest conference to gain the latest advice on driving profits and performance with IT.
As more and more applications turn to the web as the de-facto deployment platform the need for tools and development patterns to support complex user interfaces will grow. AJAX is a key component of modern web applications and will continue to serve as the basis of many rich internet applications.
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, also known as the Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act of 2002 has brought sweeping changes to agencies and businesses since its introduction a few years ago. Commonly called 'SOX', the mandated compliance was enacted in response to a number of major corporate and accounting scandals. These scandals resulted in a decline of public trust in accounting and reporting practices.
This articles discusses the potential gamble that Oracle has taken with their acquisitions and Fusion.
Today, using information and trading platforms has become a de facto requirement for successful trading in the financial markets. Their advantages as compared to conventional trading schemes include, for example, an unprecedented speed of processing and delivery of information to end users, the level of integration with data providers, and a wide array of built-in technical analysis instruments.
You might have heard about OLAP, but did you know why it could be so important for anyone who wants to know more about any data stored in a database or warehouse? This article shows why OLAP-tools are widely used by people of any profession, and why it is so important to have well-represented visual information instead of raw data to take reasonable and important decisions.
This article lists the different factors which make up the perfect student laptop. If you're considering purchasing a student notebook or laptop in the very near future, read this article first...
The statistics are pretty grim - 1 out of every 10 laptops will be stolen. And 97 percent of stolen laptops are never recovered. Losing your laptop and its contents can be devstating. So here are 10 simple ways to protect your laptop against theft and loss.
69. Best Practices: Managing Your Assets in Conjunction with Your Help Desk Ticketing System by Clark Tanner
Are you tired of using multiple systems to keep track of your assets and the issues which have been logged against them? Do you have a way of tracking where your hardware is located and which machines are causing you problems? Is managing all these equipment details giving you a headache? With the growing demands on IT departments, effective management of assets is more crucial than ever.
Most people who use computers today use them for work, games, research or socialization. With more and more people trying to begin home businesses, the computer has become the essential tool for their business startup and operation. People want to optimize their computers so that they will be as efficient as possible; however, there are many factors associated with the performance output of a personal computer.
Adobe Photoshop is a great graphics editing tool, which can be used to produce striking, eye catching photos and images with just a few clicks of a button. With Photoshop, we have the ability to instantly create an aged effect, add motion lines, glows, or color effects, or make a photograph look like a drawing. Photoshop can also help us add fancy text effects to a photo and remove unwanted objects and figures from a scene. The following include some excellent ways to improve a dull photograph or create special, poster-type effects.
With budgets restraints and growing demands on IT personnel, many companies are choosing the course of Software as a Service (SaaS) as an alternative to expensive software purchases.
IBM aims to practice what it preaches. The company's early support of fully automated processes, such as order management, service requests and OEM manufacturing work orders, has served to improve customer satisfaction and operational efficiencies.
It is important to choose the right web host for your needs. This article explores the various features to consider when selecting a web host and associated hosting plan. The features discussed include operating systems, bandwidth, disk space, databases, programming languages, domain names, e-mail accounts and e-commerce features.
A step-by-step instruction guide on how to save and use graphics through Microsoft Outlook and Outlook Express.
Traditionally, most companies have a process they go through to purchase their application software. Vendors are researched, long lists are made, demos and trials are held, and eventually, selections are finalized. Once the new software is delivered, IT personnel must install the application and then the software is deployed to employees for use.
Portable software is becoming more and more popular among PC users. This trend is especially important for computer software such as bookmark managers.
Computer printers are great when they work correctly, but when they do not work as they should, they can become a real source of frustration. If you know how an inkjet printer works, then you are likely to have fewer problems with it and you are more likely to be able to make simple repairs to the printer yourself.
With the enormous increase in technology, companies large and small are accumulating more and more IT equipment. Keeping track of PCs, laptops, PDAs, printers, network equipment, software (the list goes on) can be a challenge. Assets move locations, get reassigned to other people, get replaced, etc. Management wants reports about asset allocation, usage and service history.
An Internet business is the ultimate way to put your business on autopilot and not only make money but also have the freedom to enjoy your business. It is critical for the prosperity of your business and your sanity to automate your enterprise as much as possible.
In a perfect world organizations would have a single application that fulfills all of their business needs, sadly this is not possible. While it is a desirable goal to have as much integrated functionality within a single application as possible, even large, very expensive enterprise systems rarely address every need in the desired way. As a result, organizations must consider supplementary applications to address these specific needs.
After the flame-out of early business models focused on online personalization � for instance Firefly � it was easy to dismiss this as another over-hyped casualty of the dot-com boom. But there was nothing fundamentally wrong with the technology or the concept. It was primarily ahead of its time.
Ebooks are a serious business. The beginning of the century saw a 40 % growth in ebook sales* with sales expected to run over $10 million. However, serious technical issues arose, too.
Even in an era often referred to as the "Information Age" keeping track of information can be a daunting task. Companies are moving away from traditional paper documentation for internal policies, references and documentation. We are also seeing a growing trend for companies to provide their customers access to information with online self help tools. Organizing your information for easy retrieval is essential to be competitive in this marketplace.
Finding a cheap laptop for college is an easy task. Laptop prices have fallen steadily over the last couple of years as marketplace competition heats up and production costs come down. You can now get a laptop for under $400. But you must proceed with caution - as that old expression on ancient maps stated: Here There Be Monsters!
With the latest version of the CCNA exam, Cisco offers two possible CCNA exam track options of either one or two exams.
Like cars, homes and everything else we purchase, computers require ongoing upkeep and maintenance. Computers are complex machines, and the more we use them, the more critical it is ensure efficient and smooth performance. Follow these six tips to keep your computer running well as long as possible:
You're an online game player. Probably an expert. Actually, you're probably an expert at a bunch of different games. And you probably enjoy playing lots of different games, especially the new ones. But, if you were to pick just one, just one game that you would have to play for the rest of your life - what would it be?
Three of the most popular online games out there, Chuzzle, Jewel Quest and Fairies, may appear to be quite different, but in reality, share a very similar game architecture and strategy component. What's different?
There are many components of a brand identity: logo, color palette, font choice, and the Visual Vocabulary. There's a lot of information available about the use of logos, colors, and Visual Vocabulary, but not much on the effective use of fonts. So, here's some information on the creative, practical, and technical aspects of fonts.
Role playing games, puzzle games, traditional games like chess and backgammon - they are all becoming big in the online world, with more and more people playing every day. So, what makes online games more fun and what are the specific benefits one can enjoy?
Even in the best run companies, support departments have the reputation for high employee turnover rates.
Internet access and its beginnings can be accredited in large part to the collective efforts of many individuals around the globe. However, it all began back in the late 60s when the U.S. military wanted to create a network of computers that could communicate together. This network was to become known as ARPANET. By the mid 1980s, the National Science Foundation improved the networks ability to transfer information at faster speeds. As a result, and by the 90s, Internet service providers (ISP's) and Web sites began popping-up offering Internet access to the public, thereby, ushering in the age of Internet access.
We provide these branding products and services that creates client loyalty, and therefore creates awareness about your services or products. We will produce a brand identity which will give you a unique presence in your marketplace. New and established clients will place greater trust in your organization.
We will review or construct your prime keywords and show you which keywords will bring the very best outcomes. We will set up your Pay-Per-Click with Google, determine the return on your investment, and provide you reviews explaining our progress.
Our SEO services will optimize your site’s presence, generate much more potential customers to your website, and enable you to differentiate yourself from your competitors. The aim of Search Engine Optimization is always to increase your website visitor numbers by ranking very high in the results of searches making use of the most suitable keywords.
Our social media advertising services would include relevant, unforgettable content material, imaginative approaches to encourage return site visitors, and inspire visitors to interact with your online presence.
Copywriting is probably the most significant aspects of successful online marketing. We are able to craft the words that get the results you are interested in.
Hate to blog right over such an...uhm...inspiring post, but here is a piece that my friend Pat Durkin just wrote for NRA's American Hunter magazine on Heberlein's deer / grouse camp 'Up North' in Wisconsin. Some of you have been there, others may be soon.
You'll notice the genesis of Conley's name. The story of me and the farm girl is true, but by today's standards would probably be rated PG-13.
Jim has assured me that pasting in a screen grab of the first page and then a link to the full article will work:
Ask me how my "2 dads, 4 kids, 2 wives" fathers day tent camping and trout fishing trip to Kettle Creek (Potter Co, PA) went this weekend. Nary a High Life man in sight, but I enjoyed frying bacon in ankle deep water.
Josh, those Miller High Life ads are fantastic. I've just spent the better part of (cough) an hour watching a ton of them. Here's one that I like:
Brody ("... from the muddy place") arrived in Bangor yesterday evening on a Northwest flight that originated in Missouri. Geographic location of breeder will weigh more heavily on pup choice next time around -- shipping a verb can be expensive! Things have changed since I paid $25 for Butch puppy's flight from Detroit (but he did share the crate with his sister).
So far, so good. Eight weeks old, first of his clan to hit the highway. Seems like a bright little devil. No accidents on the floor, didn't cry the whole night, pretty mellow (so far), and the bride and boys love him.
Pointing golden retriever? Well, officially he's a red setter (http://www.nrsftc.com/), owing to an injection of English into the Irish ancestry in the 1950s.
His dad's a field trial stud from Kansas (http://pinehollowkennel.nrsftc.com/), mom is a hunting dog from MO. He should be about 50-55 lbs (Spy's 53); he's got bits of white on the toes of his rear feet and specks of white on his armpits and chest. He'll be at rookie camp this fall. Hard to tell just yet if Spy's nose is out of joint.
Penns Creek, PA at Green Drake time. Hallowed ground. Maybe the Hendricksons on the Upper Delaware come close, but this really is the holy grail of eastern flyfishing. Approach on your knees with the proper reverence.
Serious guys taking themselves seriously, reminding me of the great line from Greg Brown..."looking like everything just kinda stuck to 'em the last time they walked through ol' LL Bean..." Hushed latin whisperings overheard..."ephemerella grandis...quid pro quo...sic semper tyrannis..."
And then there was us. Four or five dads, a mom or two, and five kids rampaging through the woods at the top of their lungs. Falling in, dropping cameras, throwing rocks, playing tag, occasionally making a cast or two. Random screamings. Real life. Bet the fancy guys hated it, but they probably needed it too. I know I did.
all this talk of bird dog puppies has made me nostalgic . . . . Some of you grousers have been around long enough to know that the first bird dog I hunted over was our Boston terrier Lucy, and I killed one of my first-ever grouse at Connecticut Hill with Lucy's help sometime in the early 90s.
well boys and girls we're back in the Boston terrier business at Chez Tantarlow--meet Henry, named after another famous transcendentalist Bostonian who will remained unnamed.
Artemis, my aging GSP, never cared much for retrieving. Never really had to, I guess. A few times I greatly regretted not insisting on this more, but those were generally fleeting pangs; Artemis hunts dead pretty well.
Today I decided to work a woodcock hunt into my Friday schedule, to honor old Spy (over whom I think I shot my first woodcock, in Maine... or maybe that was Butch...), and to tune up "Miss" for a week in the ADKs. It was a full moon, and it had been windy so maybe there'd be birds in my favorite coverts, I thought. I enjoyed the sound of the laptop closing, signalling the end of the week and a clean break for the woods. We headed for the Finger Lakes National Forest.
Miss was excited to be out, and it was windy, so I opted for two bells, each with a different tone, which has been working well for me. She was on birds quickly and I missed two in the first five minutes. I called Miss to heel and we took a little time out together. Miss seemed to understand the little exercise, and didn't push to move or whine. She just relaxed, her nose opening and closing like bellows, but otherwise still. I soaked in the wet smeary fall colors, the mosaic of landscapes on the ridge, and cloudscapes in the sky. I breathed deeply the poignant aromas of wet autumn leaves mixed with a little pine. I admired the familiar lines of my LC Smith 20 gauge, which was a key to a door I thought permanently closed, but opened by Josh who encouraged me to just give shooting left-handed a try ( a massive turning point in my life, but that story is for another day). I recalled other friends, too, that I shared many memorable hunts with in these woods. I smiled at my good fortune, a gesture not lost on Miss, who perked up. "Find a bird," I said enthusiastically, having firmly pressed the reset button.
She hunted flawlessly, pointing and holding woodcock among the head-high dogwoods. There were two in the bag in the span of 5 minutes, and a third fell from a group of three Miss pointed in a rose thicket. A dramatic turnaround and exhilarating flurry of upland bird hunting at its finest. I was thrilled, each time I saw the bird fold and Artemis follow up, locating and worrying the bird a bit before looking up to be sure I saw her mark of the downed quarry.
After picking up the third bird and placing it gingerly in my shooting vest's game pouch, I thought it would be nice to get a good picture. There was a pond very near, with a barbed wire fence around it, which I thought would do nicely for an October sporting photo. The shot would take advantage of the pond in the background, and I could use the wire to hang the birds rather than the more typical placed-on-the-ground shot. I emptied my gun, set it securely against the fence, and reached in my pouch for a woodcock. I felt around and found one, pulled it out and brought my other hand to it, to admire it again before hanging it and thus transforming it from quarry to food in my possession. I looked at it for a moment and vaguely wished I knew how to sex and age woodcock, when the bird fluttered and flew away, landing with a splash in the middle of the pond!
Every hunter has experienced that perfect moment that turns imperfect. The fantastic buck that eludes easy recovery, plaguing the hunter with all manner of self-doubt and anxiety. The great shot on a first drake Canvasback that lands in the cattails, besting the trusty retriever. But a woodcock escaping the game bag and splashing down in the middle of a pond?
I looked at Miss, who came when I called her, but had missed the drama. I looked at her the way a coach looks at his kicker who hasn't made one all year, but is needed now, to win the big game. I think my dog deeply resented me looking at her that way, judging by her facial expression. Or, she was thinking "this kind of thing only happens to the most idiotic of orange-clad men."
Artemis never cared much for retrievin' , but her number was called to make a play. I brought her to the water's edge. She smelled the bird and worked the bank a little. The bird fluttered and splashed a bit, drawing the dog's attention. She looked back at me. Sheepishly, I said "Miss, get the bird," while pointing out over the water. She walked to the water's edge, stepped slowly but confidently in, swam to the bird and retrieved like she was a duck dog doing a boring drill. All I could muster at first when she dropped the exhausted bird in my hand was "thank you.... good girl." But she already knew that.
Last Friday Spy breathed his last. I saw it coming, and dug a hole for him a couple days earlier. He went to the earth in the side yard on a pleasant October morning with a couple grouse tail feathers and a 20 gauge shot shell. That evening after playing catch and shagging grounders and flies, Nolan and I stood over Spidey's grave and I told a few stories, and a bit after sunset a woodcock came in low over the field and set down on the lawn about 20 yards away. It seemed fitting.
Spy was the last of his litter; Kate went before him a few years ago. He was okay on woodcock, but he seemed to really enjoy finding grouse. He was certainly more fleet of feet than either Kate or their dad Butch. Rather than trail birds, he seemed to pin a higher proportion of them than did Butch. I remember the first pointed grouse that I killed over Spy, his first season when he was a year old. It was an October afternoon at Frye Mountain WMA in Maine. The bird held very tight and I was expecting a woodcock. When it rocketed out I downed it with one shot from my 20 gauge SKB SxS; that was also the first shot I had taken on grouse with that gun, which I had picked up that summer. That gun and dog combination was together for 13 seasons.
Spy split bird dog duties with Butch for 4 years. In the era Before Kids, they got plenty of time on the ground.
Spy's retrieves of upland birds were memorable... because they were relatively few, and usually were tough cripples brought back alive. He pointed dead more often than not.
Ducks were different -- he had no problem retrieving them until ice-up. Not very stylish, but he liked fetching them.
I don't recall the first woodcock I killed over Spy, but I vividly remember his last. Three years ago, when Spy was 13, I'd hunt him up to a couple hours a day and Brody (1.5 yrs at the time) would get the lion's share of time. We were in Minnesota and I was guiding a gentleman from PA. Spy pointed this woodcock 3 or 4 times and each time we either didn't get a shot or missed. It was getting late and the dog was getting tired. FINALLY, my guy from PA kills the bird, and I'm jumping around cheering, it was such a relief and I was so grateful. So I leash Spy and lead him -- or more accurately, he leads me -- out toward the truck. I've got my shotgun (same 20 ga SKB) over my shoulder, Spy tugging on the leash pulling me through the brush and saplings. He suddenly stops and I just about trip over him, and a moment later up flies a grouse. My shotgun comes forward off my shoulder, butt-stock to cheek and shoulder, and pop -- drops the grouse.
The main frame interface is based on a «tree» structure. It includes groups of passes, passes, shots and different sub-pass elements, which are responsible for different overrides.
Adding a new pass, a group or execution of group actions with passes can be done with a right mouse click on a root element or any empty space of the tree view.
All elements except Object set and Light set can be either active or not active. Switching between those states can be done by pressing the element icon. Inactive passes are not rendered at the final render. Overrides of inactive elements do not apply while rendering.
Some elements support Viewport previews (Pass, Shot, Object set and Light set). When pressing on those elements with the third mouse button objects will be indicated and lighters will be switched on in accordance to the pass logic, Object set and Light set. Which overrides will be applied in the pass preview in Viewport can be adjusted in LPM’s main preferences.
“Render active pass” button activates rendering of one shot (even if sequence is selected in preferences) with all overrides applied, whereas 50% resolution render can be performed by holding the SHIFT button.
Next line of buttons is dedicated to most popular actions which can be performed via one click. Buttons change dynamically depending on the chosen element. Addition options are available with SHIFT pressed down (see pop-up hints).
At the botton of the tree view the current root folder indication can be found. The root folder can be switched in edit-mode through a double click on this area or by pressing ENTER, typing the folder name and pressing ENTER or pressing ESC to cancel. The other way to change the folder is through the “Render” menu of the main frame.
A fall-down menu with final render options can be found below this area. While “Passes” mode selected, all active passes and groups will be rendered in top-to-bottom order. In “Passes Hardware Preview” mode the hardware render of all active passes and groups from Viewport will be made in top-to-bottom order. The two remaining options work the same way. Hardware render depend on preferences selected at last manual save of Viewport’s preview.
2. The Principal shall be the ex officio President of Council. The Council shall nominate one of its members as Secretary. The members so appointed shall hold office for one year, shall hold the office till fresh nomination.
3. The general administration of the College shall vest in the Principal subject to control of Government. Some of the general! administrative work of the College may be distributed by the Principal among the members of the Council to be done under the general supervision of the Principal, e.g., library, athletics, maintenance of buildings and grounds, etc.
4. Council is empowered to consider and report on any questiOl1 concerning the College whether as regards accommodation, course of instruction or discipline; but it shall not interfere with the general administration of the College except when such authority is entrusted to :t by the Principal.
5. All questions of promotion, term certificates and award of scholarships, prizes and medals shall be decided by the Council.
6. Cases of serious misconduct on the part of students involving the loss of their term certificates or their removal or expulsion from the College shall be dealt with by the Principal, ordinarily in consultation with the Council.
7. Meeting of the Council shall be convened at such time as the Principal may consider necessary. He shall also convene a meeting when . required to do so by the Government, or on written requisition of not less than two of the members.
8. It shall be the duty of the Secretary to give notice of the meeting of the Council, to keep a report of the proceeding of such meetings and to. forward through the Principal a copy of the proceeding to the Government.
9. Not less than three clear days` notice of a meeting shall ordinarily be given to each of the members. . The notice shall be accompanied by an Agenda paper showing the business to be transacted at the meeting together with any papers that may be necessary of reference.
10. The President. or in his absence the Senior Professors-in-charge shall ta.ke the Chair at the meetings of the Council.
11. Not less than a majority of the members shall fonn quorum and all questions shall be decided by the majority of the votes of the members present. If the votes including the vote of Chairman are equally divided, the Chainnan shall have a casting vote. The Principal may overrule any decision of the College Council; but in such case he shall make a report to Government setting forth his reason for doing so.
12. The Chairman shall be sole Judge on any point of order. He may call any member to order and shall have power to take such action as may be necessary to enforce his decision.
13. The Principal shall have cha`rge of the office records and correspondence of the College. The members of the Council shall have access to the records during the days and hours to be fixed by the Principal provided, however that no member shall have access to confidential records or corr~pondence without the special permission of the Principal.
14. The budget shall be framed by the Principal in consultation with the Council and forward to Government.
15. Notwithstanding anything contained in the foregoing rules it shall be competent to the Principal to dispose of any matter which should ordinarily be disposed of by the Council, but which in his opinion is so emergent in nature that it cannot be put off.
16. The College has an Anti-Raggi Cell and an Anti-Ragging Committee constituted in accordance with the regulations and guideline laid down by the UGC and the Governments. Complaints of ragging can be lodged with the Principal or the Chairperson of Anti-Ragging Committee or to any of the members of the faculty.
17. The College has also an anti-harassment cell constituted in accordance with the sexual harrassment of women at work place (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal Act, 2013). The complaint of harrassment can be lodged to the Principal or to the Chairperson.