Variously named “Codes of Professional Conduct”, “Codes of Conduct”, “Codes of Ethics”, “Codes of Ethics and Professional Practice” they are all basically the same thing. I’ll refer to them here as the “CoC” and I shan’t be naming any specific associations.
Firstly, the positives, and there are many. I think it would be safe to say that all CoCs require their members to exercise professional judgement and only accept work for which they have the language and subject competence; in other words, if they are certain that they can deliver a quality product. Professional competence is the most fundamental requirement and what separates us from fly-by-night translation businesses. CoCs contain other important information about confidentiality, collegial behaviour, honesty, conflicts of interest, objectivity and so on.
What does concern me are the terms intended exclusively to protect the associations themselves. Many of them require that one refrain from criticising the association, which seems to me to be an unreasonable request, particularly if the first port-of-call, i.e. approaching the association itself, has fallen on deaf ears. One institute, while stressing the need for impartiality, also requires its members to engage in questionable behaviour and help boost its membership numbers: “Members acting as clients shall wherever possible give preference to members of the Institute” and “encourage and assist non-members employed in any capacity…to seek membership of the Institute”. I’m not accustomed to a hard-sell on anything, least of all my professional association and while I don’t outsource, if I ever needed the services of a fellow translator or had to recommend one, I would opt for whoever I felt was the best person for the job, regardless of their membership of a particular group. To do otherwise would be tantamount to discrimination and implies all other associations aren’t quite up to scratch.
Some associations are quite specific in their demands regarding unfair competition. One international association requires that their members “not favor unfair competition by offering or accepting fees below those generally considered to be proper and fair in the market”. How is one to determine what is “proper and fair” in the age of globalisation? Moreover, in a profession where fees can often be kept under wraps owing to strict antitrust legislation, how can translators who find it difficult enough to research what fees are being charged in their own country let alone elsewhere, be accused of undercutting? As an aside, I haven’t seen anything in any CoC about not over-charging a client. Admittedly, this is not a misdemeanour translators are renowned for.
Then there are the undertakings that would be nigh on impossible to fulfil, such as: “All [association] members shall [note: no mention of “endeavour to”] keep up-to-date and well informed with regard to everything that has to do with the proper performance of their profession” – that really is a big ask; keeping abreast of “everything” pertaining to our languages, specialist areas and developments in our profession is something that I doubt any of us could claim. Another unrealistic requirement is that members competing for work should “not seek to gain unfair advantage with the client to the detriment of other competitors (particularly members) nor attempt to influence the client to show favour or bias”. What exactly is an “unfair advantage”? Would this also apply to all marketing material or websites?
Another impracticable demand is: “Report to the [association] or to any other relevant organization on any colleague whose conduct APPEARS TO BE DETRIMENTAL [my caps] to the profession and, furthermore, contribute toward the investigation into such conduct”. Now that’s an association with time on its hands! One assumes they have the wherewithal and procedures in place to handle such grievances.
One could write a dissertation on this subject and this is evidently not intended to be an exhaustive appraisal just something to get us thinking. I personally believe that if we’re to have our Ten Commandments, then our CoCs should be brief and they should guide members in the professional judgements they make concerning their competence; in other words, they should uphold standards in the profession and ultimately protect our clients. Should prescriptive rules aimed at recruiting members and policing other translators fall within the remit of a CoC? Perhaps it is time we all had a closer look at our respective CoCs and refreshed our memories on what, beyond professional good conduct and best practice, we have undertaken to adhere to.
Having had a letter of my own banned from publication in the Institute of Translation and Interpreting’s (ITI) in-house journal, The Bulletin, I offered the authors of a letter submitted last year the opportunity to publish it on my blog so it may be freely available. The introduction and summarised update are made up of contributions over an extended period from several of the 4/2/2015 letter's signatories, including my colleague Michael Loughridge, who collated and edited them; his personal view expressed in the final paragraph reflects a consensus among many of the signatories.
“Some readers may be aware of the motion that received unanimous support at the 2014 AGM, requesting that the ITI Board introduce a category for retired members. This followed the Board's proposal that retired members could opt for 'Supporter' status if they no longer wished to pay for MITI membership. It was generally felt that this proposal was insulting to people who had earned their professional 'stripes' and who had, in many cases, offered service to the Institute and to its members.
The listed signatories to the 4.2.2015 letter reproduced immediately below tried to bring the dissatisfaction felt over the Retired category to the attention of the membership as a whole by sending the letter to the ITI Bulletin. Subsequently, several of them received letters from the management explaining that their letter would not appear, as it was felt not to be suitable copy for the ITI's official journal.
In a letter to the ITIB (Jul/Aug 2014), surprise was expressed that the ITI Board had abolished the 'Retired' category for members who are no longer actively engaged in translation or interpreting work or whose income falls below a certain threshold, and this without informing the members, not least those most likely to be immediately affected. It transpired that anyone seeking the reduced life membership or retired membership category would be invited to convert to Supporter status.
At the 2014 General Meeting (London, 22 November 2014), a motion proposed by Bill Chilcott received overwhelming support from those present, as a result of which the Board was required to consider the re-instatement of Bylaw 13. In an article in ITIB Jan/Feb 2015, p5 entitled ‘Your voices heard’, it was reported that the Board planned to consult ‘those best placed to advise…’.
There is not much time a) for consultation; b) for the circulation of options; c) for retired members to decide whether to stay on in a new Retired category or to resign their membership.
As a reminder, MITIs currently pay £222, Supporters pay £92. From the GM debate and correspondence between members of retirement age, it has become clear that current FITI/MITIs would not be content with relegation to ‘Supporter’ status.
By way of contrast, the Institution of Civil Engineers offers retired membership at £61.50; retired members are entitled to retain the letters after their name (once qualified/always qualified principle?) and there is a committee of retired members. Other professional bodies also offer a retired category (eg RIBA, ATL, BPS), suggesting that these bodies see the value of retaining older, retired members. The CIoL offers a concessionary rate for any member over 65 who has retired and been a member for at least 15 years.
Not a few well-established, older ITI members are considering resigning from ITI; this would be far worse for the Institute’s finances than the unlikely prospect of their opting to pay £92 to become Supporters. And, given ITI’s demographic, it is rather likely that many more members in their 60s or 70s may soon leave; this would have a serious impact on the Institute’s annual income.
But perhaps a more important consideration is that ITI would also be losing the loyalty of a large body of members and the knowledge, expertise, experience, advice and guidance that people who have carved out a career as self-employed professionals over some 30 years can offer not only to the Institute itself but also to newer, younger members at the start of their careers and to whom they might be willing to act as mentors. Experienced members can also be called upon to sit on committees, act as ambassadors, and give talks to schools and universities.
As stated in the earlier letter, we remain convinced that retired members should have their own dedicated category, that it should be publicised so that people are aware of its existence and of the benefits. The fee could be aligned with one of the other categories; as a minimum it should cover the real cost of retaining a member, ie 6 issues of ITI Bulletin, plus administrative costs.
Failure to respond positively could result in the disenchantment of a large body of older, members with a long-standing history of membership of and support for ITI and in their leaving ITI altogether; this could have a dramatic effect on ITI's finances.
We note, also, that the same General Meeting just failed to approve two further motions, one on an easy-to-use system on the website for gathering support for a member's motion and one requiring the Board to inform the membership of changes to Bylaws. We hope that the Board will soon be reporting on how it proposes to react to the expressed views of a significant body of the membership.
[29 signatories including:] Dagmar Berger-Brown MCIL MITI MIFL PGCE; Regina Buechner-Brown MA MITI; Rosemary Carter MITI; Bill Chilcott FITI; Emma Collins BA ITI Career Affiliate; Natalia Czarkowska MITI MCIL TEPIS; Herbert Eppel CEng CEnv MITI BDÜ; Gilla Evans BA MTA MITI; Margaret Ann Fryer BA(Hons)London MITI; Anna George MITI; Judith Hayward MA(Hons) FITI MTA; John Kinory MITI; Alison Layland MITI; Dr J Michael Loughridge MITI; Dr Margaret Marks, Solicitor (non-practising) MITI BDÜ; Pamela Mayorcas DipModLangs MScInfSc FITI; Nicola Pacult MA DipTrans MITI; Janine Roberts BA MCIL MITI; Dr Brigitte Scott MITI; Philip Slotkin MA(Cantab) MITI.
Several members have decided to resign from ITI, dissatisfied with the Board’s decision to retain the right to demand up to 50% (about £112) of the full subscription while granting Retired members zero rights to undertake remunerated work under the FITI/MITI (Retd.) label. We believe others will be resigning in the next year or two. Some have applied to / been admitted by CIoL.
The Board had it in its power - and discretion - to retain the loyalty and support of some of the most well-established members of the profession by offering a retired rate commensurate with that prevailing in many other professional associations (eg c. £60-70). Sadly, it has chosen otherwise.”
I know that I am certainly not alone in my decision to quit the ITI this year and can only hope that the organisation revises some of its policies and reviews its procedures to ensure that it adheres to higher ethical standards and demonstrates a greater willingness to support its members. As professionals running our own businesses, some of us require the support of our professional associations to help ensure industry-wide best practice and to secure new contacts and clients. I cannot say that I saw much evidence of either from the ITI.
I have decided not to renew my ITI membership and am sharing below my letter sent to the institute setting out some of my reasons for not doing so:
“I am writing to ask that you please put my membership on ice. In other words, I will not be renewing this year.
I regret to say that my membership has brought me nothing but spam, e-mails from agencies banned from posting jobs on Proz and who therefore trawl the ITI directory instead, and e-mails from ITI agency corporate members offering rates that no serious translator would consider. By and large, the directory listing has attracted nothing but contacts I would very much prefer to avoid. As for the subject/language networks, I attempted to join the Portuguese network, paid my dues, but the coordinator was unable to add me to the Google group for technical reasons, and the forum that has been created on the website is as dead as a forum can be – another waste of time and the small fee I paid to join.
As you know, I joined the ITI in 2013 and quite swiftly discovered it had an unfair and flawed policy on language variants and a loose and inconsistent definition of what it meant to be “ITI-assessed". I tried very hard to engage with the Chief Executive and Board on this matter but to no avail. A letter written on the subject for the Bulletin was banned. The variants issue could have been addressed very easily and swiftly. Apart from anything else, the current categories are an embarrassment and make the ITI look quite ignorant of language variants. Instead, I have been fobbed off with “We’re looking into it”, yet two years on there is no evidence of any change.
When I joined the Institute, I had already been a satisfied CIOL member for approximately 13 years. However, I had high hopes for membership of the ITI and was looking forward to finding out what my membership would bring. I would not otherwise have paid nearly £300 for my application and exam fee and a further £200+ for the first year of membership. All in all, quite a hefty outlay. Unfortunately, I have found the Chief Executive and the Board to be at best, unresponsive, and at worst, positively unwilling to engage in any constructive dialogue and dismissive of members’ concerns or points of view. The recent handling of the retired category is a case in point. The terms for the revised category would appear to have been drafted by an institute bent on losing its most long-standing members, which strikes me as a very baffling way to behave. I do not feel I can continue to support an institute that at present gives me every impression of holding its members’ opinions in such low regard.”
Longitud de la rodilla de la cintura del color sólido de los hombres Regular Fit Shorts ocasionales del cargo RNWTIR
Betty Jean Norris Greene, age 71, of Old US Highway 421, Zionville, passed away Wednesday morning, January 31, 2018 at Glenbridge Health and Rehabilitation in Boone. Born March 12, 1946 in Watauga County, she was a daughter of James Earl and Betty R [more...]
David Lee Shook, age 76 of The Foscoe Community, passed away Wednesday, January 31, 2018. He was the son of the late Jeffrey and Beulah Tester Shook. In addition to his parents, he was preceded in death by his sisters, Ruth Townsend, Margaret Adams, [more...]
Janice Gayle Parlier Bruce, 68, loving wife of Lee Bruce, passed away on Sunday, January 28, 2018 at her residence surrounded by her beloved family. Born in Boone, NC, on November 5, 1949, Gayle was the daughter of the late Hade Monroe Parlier an [more...]
Robert Lee Winebarger, age 79 of Boone, passed away Thursday, January 25, 2018. He was a native of Watauga County and the son of the late Charlie Roby Winebarger and Docia Emma Winebarger. In addition to his parents he was preceded in death by his b [more...]
Mattie Shull Rominger, age 96, of Hwy 321 North, Sugar Grove, passed away January 23, 2018 at The Foley Center. Born January 14, 1922 in Watauga County, she was a daughter of Luther Jordan and Callie Matheson Shull. For more than 50 years, Mrs. Rom [more...]
We are a manufacturer, a representative and a distributor of laptop batteries, camcorder batteries, camera batteries, cordless power tools batteries, battery chargers and other accessories.
The products supplied by our company are designed to be compatible with a range of electrical and electronic equipment manufactured by certain companies including Dell Inc. Any reference to products or trademarks or names of such companies is purely for the purpose of identifying the equipment product models with which our products are compatible. Our Company and this Web site are neither affiliated with these companies including Dell Inc., nor are the products offered for sale through our web site manufactured by these companies.
Need assistance? Have a question that isn't answered in our help sections? You can contact support by visiting our contact us page.
Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of the User Agreement and Privacy Policy. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.
COIN SHOWS NICE DETAIL ON BOTH OBVERSE AND REVERSE. CHECK OUT THE OTHER RECENTLY ACQUIRED GOLD COINS WE ARE OFFERING. The item "1993 Australian Gold Nugget. 9999 Nailtailed Wallaby $50 Cameo Proof" is in sale since Thursday, July 26, 2018. This item is in the category "Coins & Paper Money\Coins\ World\Australia & Oceania\Australia\Gold". The seller is "usgs22" and is located in Aquebogue, New York. This item can be shipped to United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Australia, Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Slovenia, Japan, Sweden, Indonesia, Thailand, Belgium, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Italy, Germany, Austria, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, Saudi arabia, Ukraine, United arab emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Croatia, Malaysia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia.
Chinese Czech English French German Italian Japanese Korean Polish Portuguese Russian Slovenian Spanish Thai Spanish
" Or, your instructor may well integrate assignments into every week's material. Question your teacher if you have questions on how your class is organized.
Additionally, we are remarkably concerned about the delight of our shoppers from making use of our service, in order that we use only Expert writers, with exceptional profile and perfect tips.
In August 2014, O'Keefe dressed up as Osama bin Laden (who experienced died three years previously) and crossed the US–Mexico border in Texas in each Instructions to "display that our elected officials have been lying towards the American people today" about border safety.
Project Veritas uses approaches not employed by highly regarded journalists, together with misrepresenting its operatives' identities.[158] O'Keefe refers to himself being a "guerrilla journalist".
“I'm Joanne. Even though I'm very good at programming but Programming can be rather tiresome from time to time and as
If you are mulling your head over coding homework and that is you unable to accomplish then we have been the correct person for you.
In many conditions the object of project management is additionally to condition or reform the consumer's transient in order to feasibly have the ability to deal with the client's targets. When the customer's goals are Plainly established they should affect all selections created by Other individuals associated with the project - such as project supervisors, designers, contractors and sub-contractors. Unwell-described or too tightly prescribed project management objectives are harmful to conclusion making.
Pick out Submit. The Evaluate Submission Background website page seems with specifics of your submitted assignment and a success message having a confirmation quantity. Copy and conserve this quantity as evidence within your submission. For assignments with a number of makes an attempt, you get a distinct variety for each submission.
These kinds of context wasn't reflected in O'Keefe's edited tapes. The AG's Report famous that "O'Keefe stated that he was out for making a degree and to wreck ACORN and as a consequence didn't you can find out more act as a journalist objectively reporting a story". It identified no evidence of intent by the workers to help the pair. The report also famous "a significant and obtrusive deficit in administration, governance and accountability in the ACORN Corporation" and mentioned its conduct "implies an organizational ethos at odds Together with the norms of American Modern society. Empowering and serving low-and average-revenue people cannot be squared with counseling and encouraging illegal functions."[twenty]
The authors of Sallee & Rigler (2008), look at here now the two highschool English academics, documented that their homework disrupted their students' extracurricular functions and obligations. On the other hand, Kiewra et al. (2009) observed that oldsters have been less likely to report homework as a distraction from their kid's activities and obligations. Galloway, Conner & Pope (2013) advised even further empirical analyze referring to this aspect due to distinction between college student and parent observations. Time use
Some educators argue that homework is helpful to pupils, because it improves learning, develops the talents taught in class, and lets educators validate that learners understand their classes.
Drag files out of your Computer system on the "sizzling location" within the Connect Documents place. When your this page browser will allow, You may also drag a folder of information.
Complete their duties beneath general supervision and they are chargeable for all aspects of wikipedia reference the project for that life of the project Lead and immediate cross-practical teams to provide projects in the constraints of timetable, finances and methods
Later on click over here inside the edited video clip, Schiller seems to say he believes NPR "would be improved off In the end with out federal funding", explaining that removal of federal funding would permit NPR more independence and take away the extensively held false impression that NPR is substantially funded by the general public.
Authored by Dr Jan Sambrook, Reviewed by Dr Adrian Bonsall on 3 October 2016 | Certified by The Information Standard
Sjögren's syndrome can cause various symptoms. The most common ones are dry eyes and dry mouth. These symptoms are due to lack of secretions from glands in the body. In severe cases the lungs, kidneys, nervous system and lymph glands can be affected. Treatment is mainly directed at symptom control.
Sjögren's syndrome most commonly causes dry eyes and mouth. It can also affect other organs including lungs, kidneys, skin and the nervous system. It was first described in 1933 by a Swedish eye specialist (ophthalmologist) called Henrik Sjögren.
It is a type of autoimmune disease. Normally, our body makes antibodies to fight infections - for example, when we catch a cold or have a sore throat. These antibodies help to kill the cells of the germs (bacteria or viruses) causing the infection. In autoimmune diseases the body makes similar antibodies (autoantibodies) that attack its own cells. The cause of this is uncertain but is thought to be a combination of genes and factors in the environment such as infection.
In Sjögren's syndrome, these autoantibodies attack the cells of certain glands. The effect is that these glands cannot release their normal secretions. This means that the symptoms of Sjögren's syndrome are mainly due to dryness and lack of gland secretions.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome: this describes Sjögren's syndrome which occurs by itself. About one in a thousand people have this.
Secondary Sjögren's syndrome: this describes Sjögren's syndrome which occurs in association with another autoimmune disease such as rheumatoid arthritis or systemic lupus erythematosus.
It is thought there are about half a million people in the UK with Sjögren's syndrome, although not all of them seek medical help for their symptoms. Nine out of ten people who have the disease are women. People usually first start noticing symptoms when they are in their 30s or 40s.
The dryness of the eyes, mouth and other body parts is known as sicca syndrome. As well as Sjögren's syndrome, sicca syndrome can also be caused by radiotherapy treatment and other diseases such as sarcoidosis and haemochromatosis.
Swallowing problems and the feeling of something getting stuck in the throat on swallowing (dysphagia).
Tooth decay and gum disease (gingivitis). Saliva contains anti-infective agents, so when saliva production is reduced, infection in the mouth is more likely.
Muscle aches and aching joints. Sjögren's syndrome often affects people who have other autoimmune diseases that affect the joints, such as rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus.
Swelling of the salivary glands, including the parotid glands (located in both cheek areas, just in front of the ears) and those under the jaw and in the neck area.
Corneal ulcers: dry eyes can lead to infection and the development of ulcers on the surface of the eyes. If not treated, this can lead to loss of vision.
Pancreatitis: this is inflammation of the pancreas gland, characterised by severe pain in the upper part of the stomach (abdomen).
Kidney problems: Sjögren's syndrome can progress to affect the kidneys. It can cause kidney inflammation, disruption in body fluid balance, kidney stones and, if untreated, loss of kidney function.
Pseudolymphoma: 1 in 10 people with Sjögren's syndrome can develop a condition called pseudolymphoma. This causes enlargement of the spleen (an organ in the left upper abdomen that helps the body fight infection and get rid of old red blood cells). It also causes enlargement of the lymph glands throughout the body.
Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: in some people who develop pseudolymphoma, the pseudolymphoma can progress to a lymphoma, usually non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. It used to be thought this occurred in about one in ten people with pseudolymphoma but more recent research indicates it may be a lot less common. This is a type of cancer of the lymph glands. It tends to progress very slowly and in some cases may even go away without any treatment. The first symptom noticed with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma is usually swelling of the lymph glands, particularly in the neck. If you are diagnosed with Sjögren's syndrome, you should watch for the development of any lumps or swellings in your neck, groin or under your arms and report anything abnormal to your doctor.
Parotid gland tumours: these may be more common in Sjögren's syndrome. If you notice a hard/firm swelling in either of your parotid glands (located in the cheek area as described above), you should seek an urgent appointment with your doctor.
Recurrent miscarriage: Sjögren's syndrome can cause recurrent miscarriage. Recurrent miscarriage is the term used when a woman has three or more miscarriages in a row. This is because of a link between Sjögren's syndrome and a condition called antiphospholipid syndrome.
Medication reactions: people with Sjögren's syndrome may be more prone to developing side-effects when they take certain medicines - for example, antibiotic medicines.
Raynaud's phenomenon: the extremities of the body, usually the fingers and toes, change colour and may become painful, usually due to exposure to the cold.
The Schirmer tear test: this measures the amount of tears that you form. A piece of filter paper is placed under the lower lid of your eye and left for five minutes. In Sjögren's syndrome, tear production is reduced.
Slit-lamp examination: a dye is used to stain the eye temporarily. The doctor will look into your eyes, using a special lamp, to see if there is reduced tear production or eye damage.
Salivary gland biopsy: one of the tiny salivary glands may be removed from your lower lip for examination. This is a simple procedure and can be done using an injection of local anaesthetic. Special dyes and staining are then used in the laboratory to look for signs of Sjögren's syndrome in this gland.
Saliva collection: you may be asked to collect the saliva that you make over 10 minutes. A reduced volume suggests Sjögren's syndrome.
Blood tests: your doctor may also want you to have some blood tests that may suggest inflammation or signs of an autoimmune disease.
Some other tests may be arranged if the diagnosis is not clear or your doctor suspects a complication. For example:
You may be referred to a number of different specialists when you are diagnosed with Sjögren's syndrome, depending on the parts of your body that it affects. Joint specialists (rheumatologists) are the main doctors who have specialist knowledge of Sjögren's syndrome. This is because of the association of Sjögren's syndrome with other diseases that affect the joints, such as rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus. However, you may also be referred to a dentist, an eye specialist, a lung specialist or a kidney specialist. Your GP will continue to provide support for you and will usually prescribe your medication under the guidance of these other specialists.
Prolonged reading or staring at a computer screen or television. This makes us blink less often so our eyes don't stay as moist.
Artificial tears: these provide lubrication and come in the form of eye drops. Preservative-free eye drops such as hypromellose help to reduce the risk of eye irritation. Paraffin eye ointments are helpful for use at night as they are longer-lasting. However, if used during the day, paraffin ointment may cause blurred vision.
Tear duct treatment: if drops alone do not work, you may need some special treatment to the tear ducts in your eyes by an eye specialist. An procedure called diathermy is used to close up the tear ducts.
Keeping your teeth, gums and mouth as clean and healthy as possible. Brush your teeth regularly, use dental floss and a mouth wash.
Artificial saliva: this can be used to keep the mouth moist and comes in the form of a spray, gel, liquid, lozenge or pastille.
Saliva stimulants: in some people with Sjögren's syndrome, the saliva glands are only partially affected and can be stimulated to make more saliva. Pilocarpine tablets are saliva stimulants that are sometimes prescribed.
If Sjögren's syndrome progresses to involve organs such as the skin, lungs, kidneys and lymph glands, you may need to take some other medication. Such medication may include:
Steroids: these are tablets taken by mouth that help to reduce inflammation. They may be prescribed if your symptoms are particularly bad.
Immunosuppressive agents: these are medicines that damp down the abnormal antibody production in Sjögren's syndrome. Names include methotrexate, penicillamine and hydroxychloroquine. As with steroids, they are reserved for severe cases as they do have side-effects and you will need close monitoring with blood tests while you are taking them. You may be prescribed one of these medicines if your kidneys or lungs are affected, or if you develop pseudolymphoma.
Sjögren's syndrome is not usually life-threatening. Some people may only notice mild symptoms such as mildly dry eyes and a mildly dry mouth. Other people develop more irritating and disabling symptoms affecting their eyes, mouth, vision and eating and can also have uncomfortable joint pains and tiredness.
Sometimes symptoms can go away for long periods of time (go into remission). Some people develop more serious problems such as the kidney and lung problems described above.
Some people with Sjögren's syndrome develop another autoimmune disorder such as rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus or polymyositis.
As mentioned above, a small number of people with Sjögren's syndrome develop lymphoma, most commonly non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. This lymphoma can usually be treated and your doctor will review you regularly to look for signs of this.
So far, it does not seem that Sjögren's syndrome can be prevented. More research is needed into the factors that actually cause a person to start forming the autoantibodies involved in the disease.
We'd love to send you our articles and latest news by email, giving you the best opportunity to stay up to date with expert written health and lifestyle content.
Thanks for your feedback. if you would like to report a specific issue with this page, please visit our feedback page.
Hello, I am a 30ish female and I've been experiencing symptoms of what I believe to be Sjogren's since I was in my early teens. I first went to a doctor for chronic joint pain when I was around 17...
Disclaimer: This article is for information only and should not be used for the diagnosis or treatment of medical conditions. Patient Platform Limited has used all reasonable care in compiling the information but make no warranty as to its accuracy. Consult a doctor or other health care professional for diagnosis and treatment of medical conditions. For details see our conditions.
Patient aims to help the world proactively manage its healthcare, supplying evidence-based information on a wide range of medical and health topics to patients and health professionals.
© Patient Platform Limited. Registered in England and Wales. All rights reserved. Patient does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.
By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. You can opt out at any time or find out more by reading our cookie policy.
Advancement, Alumni Engagement, Board Governance, Board Malfeasance, Crisis Management, Fundraising, Uncategorized
I am currently in graduate school pursuing a Masters in Business with Nonprofit Management concentration. This semester, I am taking Organizational Theory and Nonprofit Management. Each course required me to prepare an annotated bibliography and an individual paper. With my instructor’s permission, I chose Sweet Briar College, my alma mater, as my focus (normally, you cannot pursue the same research subject in different courses).
My first assignment came in the Organizational Theory course. We were to take a case study covered in an academic journal and use it as a basis for our individual paper. This seemed daunting at first. However, as I began my research, I found many case studies with similarities to Sweet Briar College. The attempted closure of Wilson College has startling similarities to the attempted closure of Sweet Briar College. The annotated bibliography provides a “deep dive” in issues facing higher education and the lessons available to learn from Wilson College. You may find a link below.
Annotated Bibliography: Phoenix rose emerges from the briar fire (annotated bibliography comparing Wilson College’s attempted closure to Sweet Briar College).
As the paper came together, the title changed and some sources fell away in favor of others. The lessons learned from the attempted closure of Wilson College are relevant for many colleges. The abstract follows:
Wilson College in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, whose mascot is the phoenix, survived a closure attempt in the 1980s. Sweet Briar College, in Amherst, Virginia, whose mascot is a vixen (fox), faced attempted closure in 2015 and was saved by its stakeholders six months later. This paper explores case studies and articles reporting on Wilson College and Sweet Briar College. Other articles elaborate on trends faced by the Colleges and the broader sector of higher education. Reviewing these colleges provides valuable lessons on challenges facing higher education, particularly for private, single-sex institutions. The case for this research is Wilson College with comparisons to Sweet Briar College. Both colleges are small women’s colleges with enrollment under 1,000.
Keywords: Sweet Briar College, Wilson College, stakeholders, shared governance, students, faculty, staff, exempt staff, non-exempt staff, alumni, alumnae, minority, president, board.
A young girl (future student?) holds up the notebook I carried throughout Reunion weekend, 2015. I keep this photo nearby as I make calls to #saveSweetBriar
Today’s post gives a glimpse of the efforts to save Sweet Briar undertaken by one volunteer among many. It isn’t always easy, but there is much to learn in the process. It also sheds light on the future we can expect when the legal efforts are successful. Call by call, I am filled with hope and only occasional disappointment. Yet, it is actually those calls that are challenging — “cold calls” — where I learn the most.
People often think of fundraising as “cold calling”. In my 25+ years in development, I rarely think of it this way. Most of the time I think of myself as a relationship builder. A fundraiser is more of a listener than a talker. In the case of saving a College like Sweet Briar, I am back to my early days of a list of names I don’t know with a goal in mind. My early mentors like Martha Clement, used to say, “You ARE Sweet Briar to these alumnae. Ask them to tell THEIR story. Listen to what they LOVE. By the time they remember what they love, you won’t even have to ASK for money.” She was so right. Continue reading Dialing for Dollars, Hearts & Support (what can be learned from the occasional “cold call”) →
Board Governance, Board Malfeasance, Donor Impact Study, Fundraising, Fundraising Feasibility Study, Fundraising Myths
Donor Insights Study Analysis (NOT a Feasibility Study): My response to Board Member’s Erroneous Statements in National Media
Elizabeth Wyatt’s June 3, 2015 letter in the Wall Street Journal, “We Tried Hard but Sweet Briar’s Problems are Terminal” and Diane Dalton’s letter in the Washington Post called me to both respond to the article as well examine some of its points.
Given that all parties in the Sweet Briar College matter are gathering in good faith in mediation facilitated by the Attorney General, I continue to find it surprising that the Board’s Vice Chair would pursue stories like this. It seems the very opposite of having a good faith effort towards mediation.
What disturbs me most about the letters by Elizabeth Wyatt in the New York Times and Diane Dalton in the Washington Post are the continued use of questionable “facts” and figures. They are using figures which Sweet Briar itself now questions. They are using reports (such as the Sax Report) that do not meet academic standards. Now that I have READ several of the reports, I interpret that the Board saw a “falling sky” where others saw rays of sun. The Donor Insights Survey (which the board members erroneously refer to as a “Feasibility Study”) is one such report. As fundraising is where I spent my professional time, I found this report particularly interesting.
Donor Insight Survey, February 2015 – delivered just one month before the College Board voted to close.
This survey was conducted by a very reputable firm, Grenzebach Glier and Associates; however, the consultants themselves were not used for the actual interviews (which is customary in an actual feasibility study). The College sent staff members to visit donors. As a result of this methodology (which the consultant discloses in the report), the results were bound to be a bit suppressed (more on that in a moment). Kathleen Kavanagh, Senior Executive Vice President of the firm, and a Sweet Briar alumna, is a well respected leader in the field. I put great stock in her work product and I see the merits of the report she provided. She has provided consulting for a long time at Sweet Briar including when I worked there. What I disagree with is the misunderstanding of the purpose of the report, the misuse of the findings and the Board continuing to use the report as a compass pointing towards closure. As I read the Donor Insights Survey, I actually see many hopeful things which the Board obviously chose to disregard or overlook. But the real issue is this — whether this report was used as justification not to do fundraising and to close the College or not — WE NOW KNOW THAT A FUNDRAISING EFFORT IS INDEED POSSIBLE. My question now is this… WHY DON’T YOU LET US TRY???
“We Tried Hard… but Sweet Briar’s Problems are Terminal”: The numbers were not in our favor. Any effort to reinvent the college would require significant investments of time and money.
Ms. Wyatt, help me understand as a Board Vice-Chair, Sweet Briar alumna and business leader how you and your colleagues on the Board would not have read further into the studies for which you paid. Help me understand how you repeat the same facts and figures based on figures your own team is now revising? Help us understand why you did not undertake a fundraising campaign. It seems that this Board saw storms where others saw rays of sun.
We now know that the alumnae of Sweet Briar College are WILLING to”expend the NECESSARY investments of time and money” to which you refer. It is clear you “tried hard” and that is just not good enough. Step aside, Ms. Wyatt, and take the rest of your Board colleagues with you.
As someone who has worked in higher education for the majority of my career (including at Sweet Briar), I continue to find the behavior by this Board and the actions of the current administration very hard to understand. You continue to repeat the same facts and figures (most of which have been debunked by numerous experts) and fail to provide copies of the reports on which you base your decisions and with which you used substantial Sweet Briar College funds to secure. Fortunately, some of your reports are making their way to the public eye and they do not reflect well on your analysis, decision-making or choice of staff. Yesterday I received a copy of the Donor Survey cited in your recent article.
Since you refer to the reports as the basis for your decision-making, let me focus primarily on the Donor Survey since that is the area I best understand. I will leave the analysis of your financial stewardship to other experts such as Dan Gottlieb, a professional forensic accountant and your own legal team now restating its finances with a $17 million rounding error and misstatement. I commend to your reading, Jay Orsi’s piece “Sweet Briar’s Own Expert Uncovers Misrepresentations In Its Financials”.
Ms. Wyatt, I have served as an Executive Director of a Board, I have served on nonprofit boards and I have worked at Sweet Briar under fantastic financial and development leadership. While the hiring of such people is left to Presidents, the review of their work product is the work of the Board. The Board has clearly failed in its review of key documents as well as its vetting of reports provided for its decision making. I understand that the firm who did this study was NOT charged with testing the ability of the College to raise funds. Rather, their charge was to test with the College’s generous donors their reactions to various strategic planning priorities. The firm was just as stunned as the College stakeholders to learn of the decision to close. To refer to this report as a “feasibility study” (as you do in your article) is misusing the report and is not fair to the firm who conducted it.
Methodology: Gift officers were deployed to interview constituents in person and by phone (usually this is done by a consultant for confidentiality).
With respect to the Donor Insight Survey, I have several comments. I make these having hired over 20 consultants over the years and utilizing fundraising consultant’s studies in my work for over 25 years. This is a very good study and an interesting report – this Ms. Wyatt, is NOT a feasibility study.
Let me first focus on the methodology. First, the survey was conducted by gift officers (staff). I presume this was a cost-saving measure because it is widely considered not to be a best practice to use anyone other than the consultants themselves for donor interviews. The reason for this is that donors will not usually make a candid comment to a staff member regarding what “best gift” they might make because there is an inherent feeling that a solicitation is being tested. In fact, in the section “Influence on making a gift”, only a small percentage of alumnae (13%) said that a development officer or College leader influenced their philanthropy. It is clear that these same donors were not likely to discuss their giving with the people who visited them. I have spoken to many reputable consultants on this topic and have received unanimous feedback that using staff would clearly skew results in a negative direction when assessing capacity of a donor and even inclination. To draw conclusions from a survey with this methodology would make me question both the findings and your use of them to support closure.
The only conclusions you could legitimately draw from this survey (based on what the consultants were charged to do) is assess your donor’s reactions to possible changes. That is it. It is not fair nor appropriate to say that this survey could be used to show that a fundraising campaign would not be successful. Grenzebach Glier and Associates would have been delighted, I am sure, to conduct an actual feasibility study.
12 donors were capable of making a commitment of $1 million or more OF THE IDENTIFIED FOR THE STUDY.
The financial analysis stating that “Only 12 donors were RATED (emphasis mine) as being capable of making a $1 million gift” is not a basis on which to evaluate fundraising potential. 12 donors of 139 is not a bad percentage. This figure of “12 donors” has been repeated by you and President Jones as if to say that there were only 12 $1 million donors in the entire population of Sweet Briar. This is not what the report is saying! There are MANY in the Sweet Briar community capable of major gifts and there are many capable of making smaller gifts adding up to a greater total. Work directed at both ends of the spectrum seems to have been lacking with key positions unfilled (I know this because I interviewed 18 months ago and the position was never filled). There was greater capacity when I worked for the College in the 1990s. That capacity should have grown since then, not gone down. Since that time, a greater percentage of our alumnae are working and capable of giving. There has been an intergenerational wealth transfer widely written about since that time. Donor after donor after donor report that they have been “hardly asked”, “asked for low-level gifts” and “ignored”. Many major donors report how badly treated they were by former Presidents — one was asked for a $3 million gift after no previous cultivation. The donor then gave a $25,000 gift in response — and the check was never cashed!
On page 25 of the report, it appears donors in the survey were evaluated for potential with a “yes” or “no” question as to whether they would make a major gift. I hardly think yes or no questions asked by staff would provide enough data on which to base a “no go” for a major gift effort. Furthermore, the majority of the respondents actually answered “yes” that they WOULD make a major gift in the Campaign. It is baffling how it could be determined that a fundraising campaign wouldn’t be worthwhile. If 48.2% (95 of your 139) could or would make a major gift — surely there would be some hope once you actually started talking to donor #140 and beyond. Your own consultant leads the way for a campaign to take place.
I have used wealth screening by the same firm you used for your study. Throughout the survey, wealth screening “ratings” are used as filters for data. Wealth screening is only ONE measure to base capacity for fundraising success. I am currently using “Wealth Engine” data in my daily work and routinely find people rated extremely low who are capable of making very generous gifts. A donor rated by GGA wealth screening as being capable of a gift in the range of $1,000-4,999 made an eight-figure transformational gift of a building to my institution this past year. Had I relied on the rating, I never would have even spoken to this person. This is not the fault of wealth screening – electronic tools can only see so much. Professional fundraisers know this is a tool of many in a tool box and not a tool used to spear possibility.
Most respondents indicated that they would continue to support Sweet Briar College philanthropically in light of ANY (emphasis mine) potential changes.
The biggest issue I have with the survey is the questions it failed to ask and the issues it failed to raise. If this report was being used as a litmus test for whether the College might close, stronger questions could have been tested to indicate how alumnae might respond. A study is only as powerful as the questions and issues it tests. Stating there are “mixed feelings” about “changes at the College” such as going co-ed or focusing on STEM fails to ask the most obvious question — what would the donor do if the future were uncertain?
I am not ill-informed about the power of questions in a feasibility study. I once worked at an institution facing closure — an all-woman educational institution. We, like Sweet Briar, hired a consulting firm for development coaching and a fundraising feasibility study. That consultant, a Sweet Briar alumna, had a huge task ahead. She had to work with the Board to come up with the questions that would be tested with the alumnae. She had to work with my fundraising team to solicit gifts with integrity not knowing what the future held. She pushed very hard for candor and testing the “tough questions”. There was a lot of anxiety about being honest and whether or not it would send out fear that would harm donations. I am sure Sweet Briar and its staff faced the same questions (however, you actually were not honest with your staff who were out asking the questions since most of them were also shocked at the Board’s decision). But here is the difference. In the feasibility study to assess fundraising potential, there were very difficult questions asked. I remember they went something like this,
“What would a world be like without _____________” and “What would you be willing to do if the future were uncertain?”
These types of questions give a donor the chance to tap into how much they love a place. It also gives a glimpse as to what the donor might be willing to do if she felt it were threatened. It also allows them to realize that the future may NOT be certain. On the heels of this, a question about what a donor might be willing to do – when a neutral consultant is speaking to them – elicits the kind of information that truly assesses what might be possible. Guess what? That institution thrives today. Sweet Briar missed an opportunity – and continues to miss an opportunity – to be candid and to allow its alumnae to help. Conclusions about closure drawn from a survey that never actually asked about what a donor might do to avoid it is at best a missed opportunity and at worst, flawed analysis.
“The large majority in the middle were open to the idea of (change, emphasis mine)… with a preference for remaining all-women’s, but preferring a co-educational Sweet Briar to no Sweet Briar at all”
We now know what alumnae and others are willing to do when they think the College’s future is in peril. They give. They give a LOT. As of this writing, they have given $16.5 million. A different wealth screening conducted by a reputable firm has reported a conservative estimate of capacity of over $100 million.
The “resistance to change” cited in the report cannot be relied upon when the very donors with whom you spoke were not given the consequences of a lack of change — closure. The report clearly hints at the fact that “financial stability” was a key driver in why the report was written. Furthermore, ways the College might change should really not be solely in the arms of alumnae to hold and consider. Testing the ideas with potential students and industry partners — and then presenting that data to alumnae — would be a far better measure of what directions might be embraced. Sweet Briar 2.0, a collection of experts and passionate supporters of Sweet Briar, provides numerous ideas for future consideration.
Your biggest clue in what alumnae would be willing to do lies in the “majority” of those who answered the question about Sweet Briar going co-ed. On the bell curve cited, a small percentage said they would stop giving if Sweet Briar went co-ed. A small percentage said they favored co-education. The report cites, “A large majority in the middle (a majority of your MAJOR DONORS mind you, emphasis mine)…would prefer a coeducational Sweet Briar to no Sweet Briar at all.” This section should have flashing lights around it for the boldness it contains. Even though you did not test the question of closure — the majority of your alumnae would rather see a changed Sweet Briar than none at all. Remember, this is only 197 people, not the wider community of alumnae who would likely have fallen into the same bell-curve. Of the 197, the report states, “Most indicated their willingness to support Sweet Briar in light of ANY of the proposed changes….” Did you just overlook this part? In short – the majority of your alumnae would have preferred ANYTHING to “no Sweet Briar at all”.
This survey asking alumnae to make commentary on the weaknesses and strengths of Sweet Briar is both helpful and also not relevant. The alumnae interviewed had already CHOSEN Sweet Briar and are committed to it. Again, a market study of incoming Freshman is a far more valid source of information on the strengths and weaknesses of Sweet Briar. Note – to date that report (the Arts & Sciences report) cited has NOT been released. Having just been in Lynchburg this weekend and seen the thriving Randolph College and Lynchburg College, clearly there are many who choose this wonderful region for education. There are also many women who choose women’s education. It seems Sweet Briar stopped recruiting from the markets who would consider it, particularly Internationally.
I have always respected the firm who produced the Donor Insights Survey — and I still do. In terms of timeline, my understanding is that this study was commissioned by the prior President, Jo Ellen Parker, but was not completed when she left. The current Board asked the firm to complete it, but without new direction for how it might be used. Again, the charge to the consultants was to help design a survey to test reactions to strategic planning priorities – NOT to conduct a feasibility study for a possible Campaign. Certainly not to do a survey that would be used to show no possibility of fundraising success. I have heard positive reports on the other consultants utilized by the College. Evidently another report addresses the enrollment issues, but that report has not been made available to alumnae. The Dr. Sax report has been debunked for its sample bias. The financial statements are now being amended with $17 million errors. It seems that a combination of flawed advice and, even worse, flawed conclusions led to where the Board sits today.
You don’t need a study at this point to know what is possible — those working to save Sweet Briar College have proven that a fundraising effort is possible.
I do not disagree that you and the Board “tried hard”. The problem is your version of trying isn’t adequate. In the movie “The Empire Strikes Back”, Yoda (George Lucas) says the famous words which ring true today:
Those working to save Sweet Briar College are WILLING to make the “significant investments of time and money”. On that point, we agree…that is what it will take. I am willing to give that time and money (and raise it) and I know there are thousands just like me. One of the first calls I would make would be to the very consultants who provided the road map to a positive conclusion — which you and your colleagues on the Board refused to see.
Note: Article updated throughout to include information verified by a representative of Grenzebach Glier and Associates who confirmed the timing of the study and the charge.
Stacey Sickels Locke, CFRE, is a proud graduate of Sweet Briar College, Class of 1988. She served as an employee of the College in the early 1990s working on the $25 million Campaign. During that time, she solicited many leadership gifts which make up the current endowment and she feels a sense of duty that those donations are not used for the closure of the College or for any other purposes than the donors intended. Since then, she has spent her career building support for higher education and the nonprofit community as a staff member and consultant for boards. As a volunteer, she has served Sweet Briar since graduation as a fundraiser, admissions ambassador and now advocate for the #saveSweetBriar movement. She is a member of the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), is affiliated (through the University of Maryland) with the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE) and holds a Certified Fund Raising Executive (CFRE) certification from CFRE International.
This is a post about fundraising. And a post about cows. I never knew the two went together until the Saving Sweet Briar movement.
In the hours after the announcement of closure by the President and Board of Sweet Briar College, students, faculty, staff, alumnae and the community were reeling. A range of emotions greeted this news from shock to resignation to sadness to anger to passion to advocacy. Those who saw a future got to work. One brave alumna, Sarah Clement, a former board member, sparked a movement to save the College. Saving Sweet Briar was born.
Sarah gathered together other committed alumnae and formed a Board. I have written about their efforts in several others posts. This post is about fundraising. And cows. Because they go together in this case.
In the early days of Saving Sweet Briar – before a website home was established – Facebook and email provided the fertile soil for the germination and later growth of many powerful ideas.
Fundraising in all forms began. Direct contributions as of this writing surpass $1 million with multi-year commitments over $11 million.
At first these efforts were like the “Wild West” and not tied together; however, leaders emerged and lassoed the organized women and friends of Sweet Briar into groups — some classic to successful fundraising and some not.
I sit on the Major Donor Task Force, a group of professional fundraisers and volunteers with experience. Beth Ann Trappold Newton recruited me. This is the logical place for me to volunteer since I got my fundraising start at Sweet Briar as a student in 1984 and later after my reunion in 1993 (and Beth Ann helped me get my first job after leaving campus – in fact I took the job she left to have her first baby). Having helped raise $13M of the $25M campaign at the time, I cannot sit back and watch the President and Board try to spend down endowment given by people I remember and some I still know! The Major Donor Task Force reaches out personally to those who have been very generous to Sweet Briar over the years. We are organized into regional groups and are led by a volunteer, Mary Pope Hutson, and now pro-bono fundraising consulting through Alexander Haas. Through weekly conference calls and many emails inbetween, we coordinate our efforts. The response is inspiring.
I had the pleasure of meeting with Evangeline Taylor, a dedicated Sweet Briar alumna, who provides encouragement and support to hundreds of volunteers.
Class representatives provide regular updates to class leaders which they in turn send to their class.
State representatives have reached out personally by phone, email and personal letters to those in their state.
Back to the Cow Challenge….. It began in the Bedford County Courthouse. Those of us who could not be in Bedford followed a series of journalists. Hawes Spencer captured not only the flow of testimony, but his acerbic humor gave those of us working to save Sweet Briar some of the best laughter we had enjoyed in many weeks.
Leader of #SaveSweetBriar group Sarah Clement testifies she'd have reached into her "cow money" had she known of closure risk.
So what is “cow money” and what is a “Cow Money Challenge”? I asked and got this answer: Susan Finn Adams wrote to me, “Sarah ‘ s uncle was a cattle farmer. He left the farm to her family, they later sold it and split the proceeds. Proceeds = “Cow money”. “Cow Money” is the most precious money you have. You don’t spend it unless you REALLY need it.
How do you turn “cow money” into gold? Make it into a challenge of course! I told you this blog post was inspired by Cows:
Our fearless woman Sarah P. Clement told the court that had she known the condition of the college, she would have reached into her COW MONEY to help. So how much is cow money, we wondered…
As it turns out it is $1642.03 for a bred heifer in 2012. I am sure some of our awesome rancher vixens can help us out if this number is wrong. Anyhow, this is our FUNDRAISING GOAL tonight. We are going to raise us some COW MONEY!
Before the Cow Challenge, there was the “Latte Challenge”. Hundreds posted photos of themselves holding a cup of coffee (while providing a challenge to Saving Sweet Briar). This past weekend, there was a challenge around the Kentucky Derby.
Events. From Washington DC to San Francisco to around the world, events helped alumnae and friends connect and raise needed funds. At one event in Atlanta, pledges totaling over $600K have matched an initial challenge by Teresa Tomlinson, Sweet Briar alumna and Mayor of Columbus, Georgia.
Meanwhile, back on the web, fundraisers of all kinds continued to grow. When the going get’s rough….
Clothing. Sweet Briar Alumnae Goods features something for every corner of your home. Virtually anyone with a shingle and a heart can make a contribution. Examples include: Coffee Table Book, Decals, Luggage, baby clothes, ring dishes, prayer beads, men’s ties….
They Sell That? Some of the more unusual offerings included “Jamberry” press-on fingernail polish, Tattoos and even bull riding competitions,
“Sometimes you have to put on some pink and green and crush it! Rise Up Climbing will changing their colors from black and red to host a pink and green climb night.” (Raleigh Durham Club)
As of this writing, alumnae gave the equivalent of multiple cows. One alumna, Christina Savage Lytle, joked, “Now we are going to need to raise enough for a barn…”
What we have here is a recipe for fundraising success. We have a recipe for institutional success. HUNDREDS of volunteers divided thoughtfully into groups by expertise and passion are working hourly, daily, weekly and constantly for Saving Sweet Briar.
This is the most fun I’ve had fundraising in a very long time. The last time I had this much fun was when I was Reunion Gift Chair for my 25th Reunion. Before that, calling as a Freshman in 1984 when I literally “dialed for dollars’ (and treats).
This is all without formal records or professional staff. Imagine what could be done for the future?
P.S. For a post about “cow money” I would be remiss if I didn’t add a parting comment by an amazing woman (whose name I did not catch) who served in the Marine after Sweet Briar. On the call with the “President”, Missy Witherow, Interim VP of Development, and Sandra Taylor, member of the Board and President of the Alumnae Association, she said,
We have a term for this kind of behavior in the Marines. It’s called BULL. I throw down the “bullsh*t flag” on this behavior leading to this decision.
Advancement, Attorney Generals & Non Profits, Board Governance, Board Malfeasance, Endowment, Fundraising
Update: When this post was originally written, I was working hard to save my alma mater, Sweet Briar College. While I did not like Mark Herring’s initial reaction to the former board’s decision to close the College, I would like to thank him for, ultimately, assisting Sweet Briar. Furthermore, my opinion on Mr. Herring was narrowly focused on this one issue. When I consider what I care about – women’s issues, the environment, health care access, education, and more — Mark Herring would be my favored candidate for office. Now, onto the original post….
As many know by now, I am passionately fighting the closure of my beloved College, Sweet Briar, by the President and the Board. I have written about my thoughts on the lack of governance. This post will focus on the curious and shocking lack of leadership by the Virginia attorney general, Mark Herring (you can find his contact form here), contrasted to the swift action of the County Attorney, Ellen Bowyer. I also share another example of leadership by the New York attorney general intervening in the Cooper Union College.
In the early days of the Sweet Briar College closure announcement, the Virginia attorney general remained strangely silent on the matter of the announced closure. The President and Board referenced meetings with Mark Herring, Virginia’s attorney general, to “unwind” College operations and unrestricted the endowment for the purpose of closing. This stunned me. There was no leadership by the Virginia Attorney General with respect to an investigation into the closure — which would seem a logical first step (well before any closure announcement, but certainly upon learning of one).
State attorneys general oversee nonprofits both because they’re generally exempt from state taxes and because they represent the interests of donors who may lack the means to enforce the terms of their gifts or, once they’re dead, the capacity. (Since such institutions are also exempt from federal taxes, the Internal Revenue Service is charged with ensuring that organizations adhere to their tax-exempt purposes.) Credit: Michael Appleton for The New York Times
The County Attorney of Amherst, Ellen Bowyer, has boldly taken action on behalf of donors and to request an injunction. Her suit charges that:
Closure would violate the terms of the will under which the school was founded and that charitable funds have been misused in violation of state law. (Susan Sverlunga, Washington Post).
Mark Herring, by contrast, evidently is HELPING the leadership of Sweet Briar College to release restrictions on donor’s contributions given over the years. As a fundraiser, I find this terribly concerning. I’ve written about the topic of protecting donor intent here.
Virginia Senators have written to the attorney general to express concern and to ask that he take action to protect the rights of donors and the substantial campus.
On Wednesday, Sen. Chap Petersen, D-Fairfax, asked Herring to issue a legal opinion on what must be done with money and other gifts that have been given to the college, including its substantial campus. He also asked Herring to clarify the obligations of Sweet Briar’s board of directors.
“It seems to me if their duty is to try to fulfill the mission of the school, they ought to be making some effort to keep it open or at least look at the option of keeping it open,” Petersen said. (Alicia Petraska, Lynchburg News and Advance)
Cooper Union College in New York is under scrutiny by the New York attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman. It provides a contrast in leadership and action:
In what should be a ringing alarm for nonprofit boards across the country long accustomed to minimal scrutiny or accountability, Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman of New York has signaled that the laissez-faire approach to nonprofit governance is over. (James Stewart, New York Times)
By contrast, Mark Herring of Virginia sees his role as meeting with College officials to violate donor intent. How can he think he is doing his job? One would think he would have more Virginia citizens wanting him to advocate for the College and to examine any possible mismanagement of funds. The Washington Post reported,
Herring essentially argues that in such a situation, with a charitable institution (the college, a nonprofit established in a bequest from an estate) disbanding, the state attorney general has been granted authority by the General Assembly to determine what is necessary to protect the public interest. (Susan Sverluga, Washington Post).
Apart from the impact on Cooper Union itself, what’s striking about Mr. Schneiderman’s investigation is that his office is intervening before its financial problems ruin the school. Cooper Union’s endowment stood at $735 million at the end of its most recent fiscal year and, despite its financial woes, it is in no imminent danger of failing.
“It’s easy to forget, but New York’s charities, collectively, are a big and important part of our state’s economy, and I consider it my responsibility to promote and protect the nonprofit sector,” Mr. Schneiderman told me this week. “In part, we do that by aggressively investigating and prosecuting fraud. But we work just as hard to prevent mismanagement before it starts and, whenever possible, get troubled charities back on track.”
It would be appropriate for the Virginia Attorney General to aggressively review the President and Board of Sweet Briar College. He might consider how the President was elected; whether the Board truly took all measures possible before resorting to closure; whether the financial records accurately state the condition of the College. He might consult neutral experts such as the accounting firm which audited the Colleges’ financial statements most recently or the accrediting body of the College which granted accreditation for another 10 years in 2011.
The Cooper Union investigation fits into the New York attorney general’s office’s broader strategy to get ahead of potential crises by “stress testing” nonprofits that show signs of potential trouble, such as large operating deficits and excessive spending rates on endowments, said James Sheehan, the chief of the office’s charities bureau. “Once an organization is in trouble, donors don’t want to give money and people don’t want to join the board,” he said. “We want people to anticipate these issues before they become disasters.”
Such disasters have befallen the New York City Opera and Long Island College Hospital, two major New York institutions that collapsed in financial disarray in recent years, and the Crystal Cathedral in California, which filed for bankruptcy protection in 2010 after accusations that its board had imprudently borrowed against the endowment.
Unfortunately, Virginia did not have any “stress testing”. Perhaps it was a matter of staffing or a view of role. However, wouldn’t it be safe to request that the Virginia attorney general take efforts to investigate these types of important matters? Minimally, might he not stand in the way of his own County Attorney who filed suit against the wrongful closure?
The President and Board of Sweet Briar College are now being held accountable by the people they did not inform or allow to help: students, parents, faculty, staff, alumnae and the wider community — the majority citizens of Virginia. Might he not consider the thousands of people begging for at least a proper process within the legal system?
Whatever the outcome at Cooper Union, Mr. Schneiderman deserves credit for putting nonprofit boards on notice that they’ll be held accountable, said Jack B. Siegel, author of a widely used guide for nonprofit directors, whose subtitle is “Avoiding Trouble While Doing Good.” “More states should emulate New York,” Mr. Siegel said.
This is no small matter, given that nonprofits accounted for 9.2 percent of all wages and salaries in the United States and 5.3 percent of gross domestic product in 2010, according to the National Center for Charitable Statistics. Given the many illustrious universities, hospitals, museums, orchestras, theaters and other arts organizations, nonprofits play an outsize role in the nation’s culture. But they have traditionally received little scrutiny until a scandal erupts or they’re on the brink of collapse.
Indeed, more states should emulate New York. Virginia should take a lead and PROTECT Sweet Briar College, its employees, its students and its donors from the reckless leadership of the current President and Board. Sweet Briar College employs hundreds of faculty and staff. Hundreds of students call it home. Millions in the endowment needs to be protected — not raided. Finally, the donor’s will should be honored. The one person in the state who should be advocating for the will of the founder has turned his back. This is very sad.
“Time is of the essence,” the suit, filed on behalf of the Commonwealth of Virginia by the county attorney, Ellen Bowyer claims, as college officials appear to be rapidly moving to sell assets, destroy documents and “obliterate contractual relationships governing tenancies and endowments.” (Susan Sverluga, Washington Post)
Meanwhile, Saving Sweet Briar, Inc., along with thousands of alumnae, hundreds of students and parents, community members, the citizens of Virginia and people across the country are doing all they can — primarily through donations and grassroots efforts to raise awareness. Please share your comments below and, should you be moved to give, make a commitment here.
In response to the President’s comment that he “left no stone unturned”, this image shows the will of the students, faculty, staff, alumnae and CITIZENS of Virginia crying out for leadership.
Stacey Sickels Locke is a proud graduate of Sweet Briar College, Class of 1988. She served as an employee of the College in the early 1990s working on the $25 million Campaign. During that time, she solicited many leadership gifts which make up the current endowment and she feels a sense of duty that those donations are not used for the closure of the College or for any other purposes than the donors intended. Since then, she has spent her career building support for higher education and the nonprofit community as a staff member and consultant for boards. As a volunteer, she has served Sweet Briar since graduation as a fundraiser, admissions ambassador and now advocate for the #saveSweetBriar movement. She is a member of the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), is affiliated (through the University of Maryland) with the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE) and holds a Certified Fund Raising Executive (CFRE) certification from CFRE International.
The Donor Bill of Rights – did you know you had one? — What to do when those rights are violated or threatened.
The Donor Bill of Rights is a document adopted by the Council for the Advancement and Support of Education, the Association of Fundraising Professionals and the Giving Institute, an association of consultants for nonprofits.
The Donor Bill of Rights was developed so that donors — and the staff and volunteers who work with them — are aware of their rights.
PHILANTHROPY is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To assure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the not-for-profit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
To be informed of the organization’s mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
I believe in these rights. As a member of the Association of Fundraising Professionals, AFP, I sign a code of ethics to support them. I operated under this code when I worked for Sweet Briar College in the 1990s, and helped raise a number of leadership gifts which make up the current endowment. I believe that the actions of the Sweet Briar Board of Directors to close the College and attempt to utilize the endowment for purposes other than that which the donor’s intended, is unethical. Shortly before this post, Ellen Brower, Amherst County Attorney, filed suit asserting that this breaks Virginia State Law.
So what is the issue at Sweet Briar? It comes down to a plan on the part of the President and Board of Directors to tap into the endowment. Why is this a problem? Read on….
: a large amount of money that has been given to a school, hospital, etc., and that is used to pay for its creation and continuing support
As a donor, I have left Sweet Briar College in my will as a beneficiary of funds (this is currently being revised). I have not left any particular purpose for those funds (this is currently being revised). When someone makes a gift to an endowment and does not have a specific purpose for the funds, that is called “unrestricted”. Unrestricted funds, pooled together, generate income used by Colleges, Universities and nonprofits for operating costs.
Restricted gifts to endowment are made to achieve specific goals. Endowed scholarships (usually have a minimum) are created and the interest provides scholarships for students. Endowed funds for specific purposes generate income for those programs annually. Endowed professorships support a portion of a professor’s income or fund research projects.
As a former employee of Sweet Briar College, I worked with many donors who made contributions to the College’s endowment. In fact, nearly ALL of the $13 million raised from Regional Campaigns around the country was to build endowment. The agreements people signed at the time talked about funds being used for student scholarship, program enhancement and a few other priorities. I feel a sense of duty to those donors with whom I sat thoughtfully and provided written agreements assuring them of the endowment’s strength and legacy.
Boards of Directors – fiscal agents for an institution – have spending policies that determine the amount that can be spent from the endowment. A healthy spending rate is thought to be between 3-5%, even in good years. The idea is that some years investments will be up, sometimes down, and a smoothing effect of taking a smaller amount ensures for the long-term success of the funds.
At Sweet Briar, the Board’s spending rate has been a higher 8% as the operating budget needed more income. This is not healthy or sustainable, but there is nothing wrong with it.
I never thought I would write on the topic of “endowment raiding”, but the intentions of the Sweet Briar College Board of Directors forces me to do so.
The Sweet Briar College Board of Directors voted to close the College and “wind down operations” including seeking legal intervention in order to tap into its endowment to provide severance packages, debt payments and other things unrelated to what donors intended. This action is also inconsistent with the mission of the College.
Apart from my being horrified at such a sudden move by the Board (I have written about this topic on another thread), I am personally and professionally sickened by this action. It is unethical and unnecessary. I picture the donors with whom I worked. Many of them are no longer living. Others are contacting me by phone and on Facebook imploring me to do something (one of the reasons I have written this post). Many of those donors no longer trust the people they worked with in the Development Office. Who would?
Donors who give to endowment give with the idea that they are creating a legacy and are making a gift in perpetuity. The memory of many dear people will be violated if the Board of Directors is successful.
There are legal agreements which back up major gifts to any institution. That is also the case for Sweet Briar. Campaign Pledge Forms are legal documents with donor’s intent captured and co-signatures by campus officials. Memorandum of Understanding are draw up for more complex gift agreements. Letters of Agreement are drawn up for many five and six figure contributions. In short, to try to “unrestrict” an endowment, these legal agreements will need to be properly revisited. It is also not the case that a College or University can go to the heirs of someone and ask that funds be revisited. There are many examples of courts upholding an original donor’s intent and rejecting even signed agreements made with decendents (unless the original donors outlines those who can make decisions for them later). Trying to get children or family members to sign something should not be grounds to use funds in a way contrary to a donor’s intent. Yet, as I write, the staff of the College are doing just this.
Of all of the rights of donors (a full copy of the rights are above), those I think are most important are the following:
To make any attempts to unrestrict endowment is violating not only Section II of the Donor Bill of Rights, but also Section IV. Furthermore, the behavior by staff or administrators to take these action is a violation of the professional code of conduct.
Board of Directors and administrators taking these actions shakes the very foundation of philanthropy. Donors and prospective donors should have full confidence in the not-for-profit organizations and causes they are asked to support. I feel my own professional reputation is harmed by the stated plans of Sweet Briar College.
The only way to protect donor intent in this case is legal action on behalf of those donors. I am grateful that SavingSweetBriar.com is taking on the important stewardship of these gifts. It is sad that the Alumnae Association has not made more public statements condemning the plan.
On the heels of this, it also seems appropriate to advocate for stronger State and Federal law to protect donors. But that is for another chapter of Being UnLocked….
Stacey Sickels Locke is a proud graduate of Sweet Briar College, Class of 1988. She served as an employee of the College in the early 1990s working on the $25 million Campaign. During that time, she solicited many leadership gifts which make up the current endowment and she feels a sense of duty that those donations are not used for the closure of the College or for any other purposes than the donors intended. Since then, she has spent her career building support for higher education and the nonprofit community as a staff member and consultant for boards. As a volunteer, she has served Sweet Briar since graduation as a fundraiser, admissions ambassador and now advocate for the #saveSweetBriar movement. She is a member of the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), the Council for the Advancement and Support of Education (CASE) and holds a Certified Fund Raising Executive (CFRE) certification from CFRE International.
“Bursting the Fundraising Bubble” — the idea that someone else is going to step forward and my support isn’t needed.
This post is inspired by the incredible outpouring of support in opposition to Sweet Briar College’s Board announcing they plan to close the College, but its themes can be relevant to anyone who has or is working on a fundraising campaign.
As a fundraiser for over 25 years working with all types of groups — schools, nonprofit boards, church stewardship groups, etc. some dynamics often occur. I thought I would gather them together in one place for consideration (and debunking).
Warren Buffet or Knight on a White Horse will help us….Nope, while tempting, it is the key stakeholders of any Campaign who will ensure its success (or not).
A Major Corporation or Foundation will help us….Not likely. Corporations and Foundations have specific goals which often aren’t in sync with a charity and they have complex timelines and grant procedures.
Bystander Effect…someone else will help us….If you think someone else will step forward — and you don’t have to – you are wrong. Buck the trend and the bystander effect.
Buy-A-Brick Efforts…and pretty much anything that has a fixed price tag….Cute, fun and good for public relations, but not a sustainable fundraising strategy.
Major Gift Campaign & Baby Boomers… Major gift campaigns are critical, baby boomers are important, but all ages and demographics can and should be pivotal!
Now for the non Cliff-note version…..WHO can help a fundraising campaign be successful? WHO is essential? YOU! Give now — to your favorite charity or if you want to help Sweet Briar avoid closure, give here.
The “Knight on a White Horse” (artwork by Zetallis) Phenomenon (P.S. It is REALLY hard to find images of women on a white horse)
The “Knight on a White Horse” or what I also call the “Warren Buffett Syndrome” (my term) occurs when a group discusses how to meet its goal and looks outside of itself. It sounds something like this:
Who knows Warren Buffett (insert wealthy person’s name here who is not affiliated with the institution)? I’ll bet HE would support our cause.
It is true that those who can be the most generous are critical to any fundraising campaign’s success — 80% of the funds come from 20% of the people and sometimes it is an even narrower margin. But in nearly all cases with only extreme exceptions, the supporters of a fundraising campaign are the stakeholders of that institution: students, service recipients, parents, alumni, community.
The exception to this is when someone has a close personal or professional relationship to a celebrity or benefactor and can make a personal appeal. I have ONLY seen this work when someone has a long-time personal relationship built on trust with reciprocity when their request for support is in alignment with the benefactor’s charitable goals. A person not associated with an individual trying to get a message through has never worked in my experience. That doesn’t mean it isn’t worth trying, but I would never want others to sit back and not think their own contributions were important when they hear of a possible “savior”….
The exception to this is when someone has a close personal or professional relationship to a celebrity or benefactor and can make a personal appeal. I have ONLY seen this work when someone has a long-time personal relationship built on trust with reciprocity when their request for support is in alignment with the benefactor’s charitable goals. A person not associated with an individual trying to get a message through has never worked in my experience. That doesn’t mean it isn’t worth trying, but I would never want others to sit back and their their own contributions were not important when they hear of a possible “savior”….
Charitable Foundations and Corporate Foundations are another often misunderstood source of support. People hear of large holdings of Foundations and see large grants and think:
While it is true that Foundations and Corporations make generous gifts to institutions, it is always aligned with the core mission of those entities. In Corporations, there is usually a return-on-investment goal meaning they give, but they also wish to boost their brand, hire talent, etc. Foundations have specific missions to achieve and their grants come with complex reporting requirements which institutions often find onerous and sometimes realize to accept the funds they are diverting from their mission. There are also timetables for submissions and often closed processes for inquiring about support. In a fundraising Campaign with any sense of urgency, large foundations and corporations are rarely a solution. Family foundations, on the other hand, are often a good solution to a short-term need; however, there is always a personal connection to someone serving on a family foundation for a gift to come.
The other dynamic that causes fundraising campaigns to be sluggish is the phenomenon of bystander effect and bystander apathy. This socio-psychological effect is when a bystander will offer no assistance to a victim of something if others are present. The more people there are, the less likely someone is apt to step forward. In fundraising, it is the idea that someone thinks others are stepping forward and their support isn’t needed. The more successful the Campaign, the more people assume others have stepped forward.
People love buy-a-brick efforts. And there is nothing wrong with them. The problem is this: Anything that has a price tag takes a donor’s charitable ability and reduces it down to a fixed price. Successful campaigns rarely succeed on these efforts alone. I’ve seen fundraising committees thrilled that they got a $100 brick from someone when that individual is giving six and seven figure gifts to other charities. Furthermore, usually the profit that comes off of an item is a small portion of what actually comes back to help a cause. This is not to say that the efforts aren’t worth it, they ARE (particularly for public relations purposes such as anything visible that helps get the brand and message out for a cause). It is just important to know that funds allocated to the cause itself and given outright and tremendously important and should be considered first before purchasing items where a percentage is given. The other down-side to these efforts is that the portion that could be tax-deductible is usually negligible.
I have been absolutely delighted to see the outpouring of support in response to the Saving Sweet Briar College movement. There is an entire website dedicated to all of the various things people are doing to help the College from t-shirts to stick-on nails to even tattoos. This is absolutely wonderful and inspiring. The important thing though is that people who purchase these things also make sure that they can – if they are able – make a direct and generous contribution to the cause itself. Here is a sample of the amazing creative and dedicated projects devoted to Saving Sweet Briar:
It is true that 43% of total giving by individuals comes from Baby Boomers, but that also means that 57% comes from all other generations. Millennials are an incredibly passionate generation volunteering for causes they care about at a faster and larger rate than all other generations combined. Millennials are also generous.
Friends of Diversity is a movement within the Association of Fundraising Professionals — successful because it recognizes the strength of diversity in fundraising success.
It is also false that “changing demographic trends” lead to less giving or an inability to conduct a fundraising campaign.
Sweet Briar determined in 2011 that the alumnae’s changing demographics made it impossible to effectively conduct a large-scale fundraiser, Sweet Briar’s vice president for finance Scott Shank told The News & Advance.
This. Is. Bunk. In fact, diversity of institutions has strengthened giving and communities. Furthermore, socio-economic diversity DOES NOT mean families and alumni cannot give or become donors themselves. In fact, data shows that some of the most generous donors to Schools and Colleges are not from wealthy families, but rather are those who received scholarships and felt a duty to give back. Scholarship recipients are also far more likely to be loyal donors — critical to an institutions long term success.
What is missing from the Saving Sweet Briar College efforts is a major gift effort. Peer-to-peer, alumna-to-alumna requests to give, to give generously and to give more than the individual thought possible. These types of efforts are the backbone of any strong fundraising campaign. It is the next step in Saving Sweet Briar reaching its goals. How can you give a major gift? Give monthly, seek matching gifts, enroll your friends.
Saving Sweet Briar has raised over $3M since the Board announced its intention to close the College.
My continued advocacy for Sweet Briar College continues. Today’s focus is on governance, shared governance and the lack thereof (in the case of Sweet Briar). This situation exposes issues that should be of concern to anyone who has ties to a school, college or nonprofit. A sub-title could be “What are assets anyway?” Assets of an institution are not just endowment, land and buildings. Students, parents, faculty, staff, alumni and the community surrounding a place are assets deserving of the fiduciary duty of care, loyalty and obedience.
In an article in the Nonprofit Quarterly, Ruth McCambridge cites Sweet Briar as having a lack of stakeholder representation on the Board and crys malfeasance (Nonprofit Quarterly article here). I wholeheartedly agree.
More and more, we see the public calling out nonprofit boards for decisions they have already made that appear at odds with what the stakeholders want. So it is at Sweet Briar College, the latest example of a board making a sudden decision to close only to find that they will be challenged legally, financially, and reputationally on that decision by the very people for whom they were acting in stewardship.
This lack of active connection to the base of supporters should be deemed a kind of nonprofit malfeasance, in violation of what we are organized to do.
While the faculty voted to oppose the Board’s decision to close Sweet Briar, their voice holds little power to actual affect change. Without legal intervention it seems, the College hurdles towards a closure many are fighting to stop.
Thousands of alumnae have cried out against the closure and, in particular, feel the total lack of communication did not give them a chance to step forward to delay or stop the announced closure. Their Alumnae Board on the matter? Silent. Absence any strong leadership and in response to the passion felt by so many, the Saving Sweet Briar Board established itself and is making statements representing the collective feelings of thousands of alumnae.
Governance is critical and very often not representative of stakeholders who attend, fund and care about an institution. The Association of Governing Boards, a widely-respected body, issued an important paper regarding the crisis boards are facing in higher education in particular. You can read the paper here. I recommend the entire paper for those associated with Colleges and Universities, particularly the comments on “Rising Prices and Eroding Public Trust”. What I particularly highlight and uplift today dear readers is the following from the Executive Summary:
2. Boards must act to add value to institutional leadership and decision making by focusing on their essential role as institutional fiduciaries.
3. Boards must act to ensure the long-term sustainability of their institutions by addressing changed finances and the imperative to deliver a high-quality education at a lower cost.
4. Boards must improve shared governance within their institutions through attention to board-president relationships and a reinvigoration of faculty shared governance (emphasis mine). Boards additionally must attend to leadership development in their institutions, both for presidents and for faculty.
Unfortunately, shared governance at Sweet Briar seems to be completely lacking. The faculty of Sweet Briar College voted unanimously to oppose the Board’s unilateral action to close the College (Washington Post article link here). Yet, their voice holds little strength because they do not have a seat on the Board nor an advocate on the Board. With shared governance working, they would. The President agreed to meet with the faculty, but the meeting was canceled “on the advice of legal counsel”.
The Alumnae Board has been sadly silent on the matter with the exception of a few individual voices sharing comments on social media (I have not seen them, only heard that they are weighing in). Two of their members sit on the Board of Directors and there are other alumnae on the Board of Directors; however, it does not seem those individuals have listened to the inquiries from alumnae imploring them to oppose the decision and help reverse it.
I understand that the Sweet Briar Board of Director’s (and any Board of Director’s) primary role is exercise fiduciary oversight of the institution. I understand that their role is not to be spokespeople for any particular group. Their key role is to protect the assets of the institution. The problem I see at Sweet Briar is that the Board itself is not made up of stakeholders and thus cannot fully weigh the best fiscal path ahead. They seem to only be focusing on assets such as land and endowment and not the most important assets – students, parents, faculty, staff, alumnae and the community. Furthermore, the President (and his administration) and the Board failed to reach out to the stakeholders who were in the best position to improve the fiscal state — the alumnae.
A brief departure. … Fiduciary duty is roughly defined by a duty of care, loyalty and obedience. Taken together, these obligations require trustees to make careful decisions collectively and in the best interest of the institution consistent with its public good and charitable mission. The Sweet Briar Board is entrusted with the charitable assets of the institution — those assets include land and buildings, but also students, faculty, staff, and alumnae. To close Sweet Briar College seems an absolute violation of the care, loyalty and obedience required of a Board member.
One particular aspect I find troubling is under the duty of loyalty. The duty of loyalty requires a board member to act in good faith and in a manner that can be believed to represent the interests of the college or university. Independence is also critical and is evaluated when legal cases are reviewed. What troubles me are the number of alumnae within a particular decade who serve on the Board. The wife of the current President, Jan Jones, has spoken and written publicly (you can read her thoughts here on a 1969 Class website) about her opinion of the College and her belief that it should close citing how many of her classmates agreed with her. Several members of her class sit on the Board. These public statements would not seem to lean towards a healthy balance of independence. AGB writes,
Under this requirement, a college or university board member must be loyal to the institution and not use the position of authority to obtain, whether directly or indirectly, a benefit for him or herself…. Accordingly, the duty of loyalty considers both the financial interests held by a board member and the governance or leadership positions he has with other organizations (or people, emphasis mine)…. Independence means that the board member is not employed by and does not do material business with the college or university. In addition, it means that the board member acts independently of any personal relationship he or she may have with the president or senior leaders of the college or university or with other trustees.
These issues appear to be systemic within higher education as is reported by the Association of Governing Boards,
Almost daily, we hear reports about questionable board behavior: boards that overstep their authority and get into institutional management; board members who act as faculty representatives, or captives of the alumni association; boards that are unduly swayed by single donors; boards that look the other way when it comes to trustees with conflicts; boards that fail to meet their formal fiduciary responsibilities. The list goes on.
While it may be too late for the current Sweet Briar Board, I have suggested to the Saving Sweet Briar Board that they consider a shared governance model making sure to have stakeholders represented in their decision making. I also joined the call for the current President and Board of Sweet Briar College to resign and, furthermore, to halt the closure of the College.
Do YOU have a voice in any constituency group? Does that group have a mechanism to hear the opinions of its stakeholders?
Does the leadership group of your stakeholders – service recipients, students, faculty, staff, alumni – have a seat on the governing board of the institution?
Stacey Sickels Locke is a proud graduate of Sweet Briar College, Class of 1988. She served as an employee of the College in the early 1990s working on the $25 million Campaign. During that time, she solicited many leadership gifts which make up the current endowment and she feels a sense of duty that those donations are not used for the closure of the College or for any other purposes than the donors intended. Since then, she has spent her career building support for higher education and the nonprofit community as a staff member and consultant for boards. As a volunteer, she has served Sweet Briar since graduation as a fundraiser, admissions ambassador and now advocate for the #saveSweetBriar movement.
My College Announced It is Closing…Why You Should Care (with advice for anyone associated with a nonprofit, school or entity governed by a Board)
While this letter and post pertains to a lovely College in southern Virginia facing possible closure by its Board, it also applies to you. Read on to discover why. I do hope my dear blog subscribers will forgive me for the recent #saveSweetBriar, pink and green and passionate advocacy for my beloved College. As a way of reaching a broader audience, I have decided to use my “channel” in lieu of multiple posts on social media.
I am very disappointed not to have the voice of the Alumnae Board through the difficult days and now weeks since the announcement by the Sweet Briar Board of Director’s of its intentions to close our beloved College. The voice of our alumnae leadership is important — and tragically missing. I fully realize that there are other stakeholders far more impacted by the Board’s decision than alumnae (such as students, parents, faculty, staff and community members), but that does not mean alumnae do not have a voice.
Alumni Boards exist to represent the voices and needs of the alumni or stakeholders of an institution. They are the one group that “speaks” for alumni.
I believe we are seeing one of the largest stakeholder rallies that higher education and the nonprofit community has seen or will see for quite some time. The number of national news stories featuring the actions of the alumnae is inspiring. National papers, regional papers, television stations, trade journals, blogs, and a storm of social media are carrying the story of the passion our alumnae have both for their College and against the Board’s plans to close.
The current College President appears to be the primary spokesperson for the College. The voices of the alumni on the Sweet Briar Board and members of the Sweet Briar Alumnae Board are woefully missing in the dialogue.
At this point, a new Board of Saving Sweet Briar has taken over and filled the gap. At this point, this Board speaks for me. I believe this new Board of Saving Sweet Briar not only speaks for the majority of the alumnae, but also represents the truest intentions of the founder of Sweet Briar, Indiana Fletcher Williams. Indiana formed the College as a living memorial to her beloved daughter, Daisy. Her act of philanthropy provided the land, buildings and investments which created the College in 1901.
The monument to Indiana’s daughter Daisy overlooks the campus from a clearing called Monument Hill. From that perch, one can take in the view of the campus created as a “living memorial” in her memory. Daisy’s parents are buried in the same graveyard. In the early 2000s, I put my name on a list to be buried in the columbarium at the top of Monument Hill. I imagined one day my lifespan would be carved into the stone there. Never did I imagine my College would have an end-date. It will not – if I can help it.
The Amherst County Attorney and the legal counsel representing the Saving Sweet Briar Board and stakeholders believes that the College has broken State law by not honoring the intent of donors, including the founder.
No Board can say it is being true to its mission to close an institution. A Board and administration working to close the institution is not acting consistently with the original donor’s intent and will.
I join the voices of alumnae — and now a growing number of non-alumni — crying out against the Board and Administration’s actions. Alumnae feel they could have done something more had they learned sooner of the perilous situation the College purportedly faces. There were mechanisms to do so. A fundraising feasibility study undertaken with 200 of the most generous and most loyal alumnae did not “test” a “crisis message” or give any indication to those alumnae that the College’s future might be in jeopardy. Unlike others, I DO understand why the College could not “go public” with a possible closure; however, I DO NOT understand why the College did not test out this message with the very loyal alumnae who would be the most likely to help. Part of why I can say this so firmly is because I once worked for another institution facing possible closure and they WERE honest with a message along the lines of, “If the School were in peril and facing possible closure, would you be willing to give? How much?” I know these questions were confidentially asked at that institution because it was my (difficult) job to visit the alumnae after these visits and discuss their support. That School survives today. Unfortunately, Sweet Briar administrators and the Board elected to keep their donors in the dark.
The feasibility study wasn’t the only way the College could have shared information. There is another subset of alumnae they could have contacted, Class Leaders. Class Agents represent their class and help encourage alumnae financial support. These Class Agents have personal relationships with their classmates and have been successful over the years raising funds. These Class Agents – and Class Presidents – and Class Secretaries — are an organized group in every class who could have been harnessed to communicate about the intense needs. Instead, their energy is now focused on the #saveSweetBriar movement. Current students and parents were also kept “in the dark” and shocked at the announcement. I am certain there were avenues of communication that could have been utilized to strengthen their support. When I attended Sweet Briar, there was a Parents Council and my parents reached out to fellow parents formally and informally.
If you are not a Sweet Briar alumna and you have read this far, I assert that this should matter to you because…
….If you are an ALUMNA/ALUMNUS of ANYWHERE…YOUR alumni board of YOUR College has an important role to play. Your Class Officers (if you have them) should be a source of timely and important information. Your Class Secretaries could share information not just about alumni life and career highlights, but also key information from your School. I know my Class Leaders (because I am one of them) would have taken this on with thoughtfulness and gusto.
….If you are a STUDENT or PARENT attending ANY SCHOOL… your Board of Directors has incredible power over your future. You should make a point to read the meeting Minutes. Read the financial statements. Develop relationships with Board Members. Scrutinize the membership of the Board – is it representative? Ask questions and ask again. Are there forums to learn information? What would YOU do if your Board announced it was closing your child school? Nonprofit? What would you do NOW to prevent it? Whatever that is — DO IT NOW!
There was a movement in higher education in the late 1980s and early 1990s to end Alumnae Associations (particularly with separate dues structures). I saw this happen at Sweet Briar. The dues that alumnae paid provided operating support for the Alumnae Office staff and programming. When I worked for Sweet Briar College in the early 1990s, the dues structure was abolished with only Clubs in regions remaining independent. Then it was thought that this was a good move for the staff because they could become full employees of the College with benefits. The Alumnae Association leadership came under the control of the Development (fundraising) Office. As a fundraiser, this all made sense to me. After soliciting a major gift from someone, I certainly didn’t feel right asking them for a $30 gift of alumnae dues. As an alumna, Iooking back, I realize this was a terrible mistake.
The independence of an Alumni Body or stakeholder body is critically important. There must be a separate organizational body of each key stakeholder ideally with financial footing and also with a vote on key issues facing the institution. If the organizational body at the institutions you love does not have representative voices from key stakeholders on its Board, you should advocate for that NOW. If a School: students, faculty, staff, alumni, parents, community members. If a non-profit: service recipients, residents, community members, staff. Dues may seem “silly” to collect, but having a financial base is helpful and necessary to retain independence. I, for one, advocate a donor “tax” on all gifts to fund Alumni Associations vs. separate dues. The very activities of an Alumni Association are what cultivate and often steward donors.
In the public school my children attended the Parent Teacher Organization had tremendous power. They collected separate dues. They had their own meetings. They were not always lock-step with the administration. They had a voice through the County Board of Education to voice their views and oppose decisions.
At the private College I attended, many of these types of leadership structures were and are absent. Now that we face closure, I realize we lost important voices and funding mechanisms that could help today.
So where do we go from here? Yesterday, the #saveSweetBriar Board, represented by its attorney, asked the President and Board to step down. The President and Board responded in the media that they intended to keep their positions. I imagine further legal actions will take place, and I hope they do very soon.
As a professional fundraiser, I watch this with keen interest. I know there are many extremely important lessons to learn with respect to what is happening with Sweet Briar. These lessons pertain to the nonprofit community as well. I am taking notes, so stay tuned. I have been contacted by my industry’s publication to write an article about it.
Until then, as a graduate of Sweet Briar College, I am doing everything I possibly can to reverse this decision and keep the College open. I want to look back 5 years from now, 10 years from now or at the end of my life and know that I did all I could. I would still like the College to be thriving WHEN it becomes my final resting place.
View from Monument Hill of Sweet Briar College (photo credit: Campus Grotto “10 Most Beautiful College Campuses)
Biodegradable Wire Rope Lubricant, commonly known as Bio-Bel Cable and Rope Lubricant, is a solvent-free, biodegradable, penetrating, wire rope lubricant designed specifically for applications where lubricant contamination ... more information
Non-Melt Wire Rope Coating Grease, commonly known as Bel-Ray 803 Grease, is a mineral oil based and organo clay thickened grease for coating wire ropes. Non-Melt Wire Rope Coating Grease is fortified with rust and corrosion ... more information
Farmingdale, N.J. (May 16, 2017) – Total performance lubricant manufacturer, Bel-Ray, today announced the release of its latest mining product, Molylube Open Gear and Rope Lubricant. The newest mining lubricant can be used in general industrial open gears, pins and bushings, chains, wire ropes, cables, drive chains and sliding surfaces.
Molylube Open Gear and Rope Lubricant has been specifically formulated for open gears, girth gears and rack and pinions which are found in all types of equipment such as draglines, shovels, mills, kilns and stationary and mobile cranes. The Molylube Open Gear and Rope Lubricant is a highly tenacious lubricant that ensures adherence to the gear teeth creating excellent resistance to throw-off and slinging.
“Bel-Ray’s Molylube SF100 is the leader in open gear lubrication for the world’s largest and most demanding mining equipment,” said Bret Jenkins, Director of Mining Sales. “Now, the same protection is available in a convenient aerosol version, virtually eliminating wear in open gears in draglines, shovels, cranes and stationary rotary equipment.”
Molylube Open Gear and Rope Lubricant is a versatile, heavy-duty multi-service aerosol spray lubricant developed for easily lubrication of hard to reach open gears, chains and wire ropes. Its unique formulation provides excellent lubrication under extreme pressure conditions. In addition the new aerosol lubricant provides anti-wear, water resistance and rust and corrosion protection associated with demanding mining and heavy industry equipment applications.
Bel-Ray Company, LLC. was founded in 1946 and serves the lubrication needs of powersports, industrial and mining customers worldwide. “Flex Your Engine” with Bel-Ray’s superior powersports line that delivers top quality Made-in-the-USA lubricants and service products to motorcycle and recreational vehicle enthusiasts around the world. Bel-Ray products are available at powersports dealers worldwide. Visit BelRay.com for a complete dealer listing. Find the right lubricant for your equipment with Bel-Ray’s Lubricant Advisor. Like us on Facebook.com/BelRayCompany or follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
Children of My Divine Heart, all of you and your families are in My sights, but it pleases Me greatly that you ask each other for prayers, because I desire that all of you would practice charity in one way or another. I, Jesus, am speaking to you.
Many of you have relatives far from the Church, you have others who are sick, you have others who are possessed, but not for that do I stop looking at you, because I see the suffering you are undergoing and I use it in other souls that are on the point of condemning themselves. It pleases Me that you pray for each other: these prayers, without any rewards, altruistic, are very valuable prayers, because many times you do not even know the people for whom you pray, but I do know them, children, and your prayers reach them. I, Jesus, am speaking to you.
Have patience in the things that you ask of Me: everything has its time, but not a prayer is lost. I use everything in what you ask of Me and unite it with My merits so that the prayer would have more power, but only My Father and I know the moment when that prayer will be effective for the purpose for which you ask. Remember saints who as mothers by their constant prayers converted their children and husbands. I know that many of you suffer for your relatives, but one prayer and another and another are never lost in the soul for whom they are addressed. For besides, My children, what you ask of Me I want. How can I not want peace in your families? How can I not want the conversion of your relatives? How can I not want the sick to be relieved? Children, if you ask for these things that are good, I am better than you and I want them even more, because everything that is good for souls I desire and My Holy Spirit inspires it. I, Jesus, am speaking to you.
I listen to you every day and at every moment. My adversary makes you believe that I do not listen to you: not only is this not true, but he always deceives you in order that you would be discouraged. Keep praying for all those things that are holy and necessary for the salvation of souls, since your prayers reach Heaven, and when you make them with more faith and humility, they are more effective. I, Jesus, your Redeemer, am speaking to you and give you My peace.
My dear and beloved little children, I have remained in prayer with you today and have prayed for you and with you.
My children, the Holy Gospel is not a pretty book of historical accounts, a pretty old book or one from other times, it is not a book with outdated arguments; no, children, the Gospel is the Word of Jesus that continues to be written every moment when you give testimony to the world through love and charity.
Children, through those who live out the Gospel it returns to live in the world with its ever-present message. My children, too many hearts are still closed to charity and love, too many hearts do not live the Holy Gospel, too many children seek their comfort; so many times you say that you are "of Christ," Christians, but you do not live His Word.
Children, today I ask you, and I ask you with heart in hand, never to compromise with the world, not to give in to the ideologies of the world, but I urge you to be true witnesses to Jesus, sacrificing yourselves with love, out of love for and with dedication in favor of those who suffer and are in need. Children, the heart of the Gospel is loving God and loving your brother; you cannot remain indifferent to this ... Love God, children, and love your brother!
I bless you and help you day by day to live the Gospel with my blessing which is in the name of God who is Father, in the name of God who is Son, in the name of God who is the Spirit of Love. Amen.
I caress you all with love and thank you for the efforts you are making in spreading my invitation to prayer and charity. Goodbye, my children.
The seller is "irunthroughwa11s" and is located in Alvarado, Texas. This item can be shipped to United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Australia, Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Slovenia, Japan, China, Sweden, South Korea, Indonesia, Taiwan, Thailand, Belgium, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Italy, Germany, Austria, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, Saudi arabia, Ukraine, United arab emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Croatia, Malaysia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa rica, Dominican republic, Panama, Trinidad and tobago, Guatemala, El salvador, Honduras, Jamaica.
Gita Mehta is a writer known, perhaps, more for her essays than her novels. She is also a documentary filmmaker and a journalist. These activities all share a focus on India, the country of her birth—its history, politics, and cultures. The same concerns inform her novels: Raj, a historical novel set during the early stages of India's struggle for independence from Britain, and A River Sutra, a modern revisitation of prevalent traditions of Indian aesthetic and philosophical thought.
Mehta has made a number of documentary films about India, covering the Bangladesh war, the Indo-Pakistan war, and the elections in the former Indian princely states. Her essays, as represented by two collections, Karma Cola: Marketing the Mystic East and Snakes and Ladders: Glimpses of Modern India, muse on things Indian, from politics and social unrest, the endless clash of religions and cultures, spirituality, and the Indian textile industry to Indian literature and film, and so on. The style of the essays is personal and lucid, often bitingly clear and always honest. This same lucid immediacy and intimacy marks A River Sutra. Raj, lacking this intimate voice, is a more distanced work, valuable rather for its meticulous and even-handed grasp of a complex and important period in history.
Raj, Mehta's first novel, begins during the last years of the nineteenth century. The novel's protagonist, Jaya Singh, is the daughter of the Maharaja and Maharani of Balmer, one of the kingdoms of Royal India. Mehta paints Jaya's childhood, the traditions and rituals, political pressures and duties that inform her life, with evocative detail. She deals even-handedly with the political and social issues, conveying the immense pain and demoralizing powerlessness with which the Indian people had to deal, while still managing to portray the British with some objectivity. The novel achieves historical sweep, following Jaya from childhood through adolescence to her betrothal and then through her marriage to a Prince of Royal India who has no interest in Indian women, but who, as a Westernized playboy, prefers European women, airplanes, and polo to the duties of a protector of the people. Mehta uses Jaya as a lens through which to view these turbulent years of India's struggle for independence. She does an admirable job of portraying Jaya's world—a woman with resources and education raised half in and half out of the traditions of purdah and Hindu ritual that reigned unchanging for generations before her. The novel is rich in detail and complexity. But much of the action, like Gandhi's salt march or the violent struggles between Hindus and Muslims, is experienced from a distance, through those to whom Jaya is connected rather than through Jaya herself. The novel has been criticized for a lack of character development and depth. Rather than drawing the reader deeply into the unfolding of history, the evenness and limited scope of Mehta's handling present a somewhat flat aspect, as of great events viewed through the wrong end of a telescope. The novel is most valuable as an account of a lost way of life as it was vanishing within the complex political realities that gave birth, ultimately, to the modern nations of India and Pakistan.
Mehta's second novel, A River Sutra, is a more intimate and deeply focused work. The narrative centers on India's holiest river, the Narmada, in the form of a series of tales, or modified sutras of Indian literature. The tales—of various pilgrims to the river—tap the deep veins of Indian mythology and artistic traditions while also forming a prose meditation on the country's secular-humanist tradition. The character of an unnamed civil servant who has retired from the world to run a government rest house on the river is the thread loosely weaving the stories together—along with the Narmada itself. Mehta's subject matter here is as rich as the tradition she taps. Classical Sanskrit drama, Hindu mythology, and Sufi poetry all find reflection and reiteration in the novel. One recurring motif playing through the book is that of the raga of Indian classical music. Another is that of Kama, god of love, and the passions and mysteries of the human heart. For all its substance of ancient Indian tradition and thought, A River Sutra is a modern work that acknowledges the difficulties facing modern India at the same time as it takes the reader on a skillfully realized journey into a resonant culture.
Mehta occupies a unique position as a writer who elucidates uniquely Indian experience in a clear and intelligent voice. She relates a rich and ongoing history—its nuance, complexity, and contradiction—opening doors and windows into Indian life in ways few other writers do. While her first novel may be seen as thinly characterized and lacking in depth, the balance of her work, including her second novel, constitutes a unique and valuable contribution to the literature of the world.
I am writing this to let Gita Mehta know how useful her KARMA COLA was to me as I wrote THE LANGUAGE OF ZEN: HEART SPEAKING TO HEART.
In the footnote to a quote from CC, I suggest to my readership that reading CC would provide an excellent introduction to reading my book.
What is more,her splendid A RIVER SUTRA reveals Ego with a clarity that any Zen practitioner can only marvel at. Holy Ganges is a perfect morph for Zen Buddhism's Shinnyo, its living Source of all things.
I agree that Geeta Mehta is an exceptionally gifted writer. I am proud that she is from my state( odisha , India). Even though she is a writer and spends most of her time outside India , she is committed to the development of Odisha. Recently , she is helping her brother , the CM of Odisha in establishing a corrupt -free society.
hi, gita and i used to be penfriends in the good old days when we were teenagers. i am now a grandmother,settled in perth and just found out dear gita is an author, so managed to get her book the river sutra.more when i have completed reading.
I am an Assistant Professor of English. I am pursuing my Ph D on the works of Gita Mehta. For authentification I need to contact Gita Mehta.
I have put under 506IPC by my neighbor goonda with the help four police officer since 2002.I have written to Honorable chief minister,Home secy on 2002.Everything can not be solved by Sj Naveen patanaik.If you will give me time but after 15th December as I have been invited in 4th international conference on Obesity & Diabetes:-2015 as Guest,Keynote Speaker,Chair Person,Judge in poster presentation.I HAVE BEEN AWARDED BY "SIR RATAN TATA SCHOLARSHIP ON EFFECT OF TRUTH,NON-VIOLENCE,EGO LESS LIFE IN DIABETES AND CAD"
I am national & International well named and famed Diabetologist.In about 4 International World Diabetes conference i have Invited as Guest,Keynote Speaker,Chair Person.
I am an international figure in the field of Diabetes medicine.I am guest,chairperson ,keynote speaker and going to attend as poster presentation judge in Atlanta,USA in 7th to 9th December 2015.i want to discuss certain things.I have been awarded research on "effect of truth,Nonviolence and ego less life in diabetes and CAD.
Revered madam I am Raghunath Padhy of Jeypore,Koraput,Odisha a disciplined BJD party worker wanting to enlighten your good self the problems afflicting our Jeypore Assembly constituency after 2014 election.kindly allow me.
My self working as a NGO Library secretary,Named (Institute of Youth and Womne welfare(IYWW)Balipatana,Dist.Khordha,
ODISHA State,India,We are very interest to collecyt Your Books ,Your Husband Books (sony Metha)and also books written by your Brother CM of OdishaMr Naveen Pattanik.
2,we hope your will sure consider our request and send /donate one copy of each publication for our library collection, your donation and gifts of books will be great history for library collection,
I am very happy to know that you mam is taking interest for a better govt in orissa. I am a lawyer at jharsuguda odisha. Jharsuguda is the only distrist in odisha where BJD performance is poor. I have tried to suggest some tips to the sr leader of BJD through mail but none of the leader responding. I hope you mam will atleast respond me.
Today we post the walkthrough for level 1-23 of episode On Finn Ice (Angry Birds Seasons). In this level is really easy to obtain the 3 stars, even in normal circumstances you will reach the the 3 stars.
The main thing you have to do is to fire the Red Bird into the bottom left corner of the first tower made of speakers:
After that, and depending on the remaining pigs, you must use Chuck (the Yellow Bird) and, if some pig of the stage zone survived, kill it with that bird. If not, use it to kill the last remaining pigs of the bottom.
Also if you haven't reached all the pigs of the level you can use both Tony (the Big Blue Bird, with or without its effect) and Terence (the Big Red Bird) to kill the remaining pigs and you will still obtaining the 3 stars, obviously destroying a reasonable amount of stuff of the level.
Courtesy photo Members of the Coeur d’Alene Little League team wave to the crowd in Williamsport, Pa., during a parade through town on Wednesday as part of festivities in advance of the Little League World Series, which begins today. Coeur d’Alene, the Northwest Regional champion, begins tournament play on Friday against Michigan at 1 p.m. From left are Cooper Smith, AJ Currie, Caden Symons, Karl Schwarzer, Chase Saunders, Cooper Erickson, Braeden Newby and Nolan Christ.
Courtesy photo Coeur d’Alene first baseman Cooper Smith swings the bat during a Northwest Regional game in San Bernardino, Calif. Coeur d’Alene opens the Little League World Series on Friday on ESPN.
Last year, Cooper Smith made the trip to Williamsport, Pa., just to get a taste of what it was like at the Little League World Series.
“The fields were awesome, the stadium was awesome,” Smith said. “I’d never seen a stadium that was that big and that nice. It really made me want to practice harder and play harder to get to play in that stadium someday.”
Someday will be Friday as Smith, as well as his Coeur d’Alene Little League Majors teammates, take the field for the opening round of the Little League World Series in Williamsport.
“It’s awesome,” Smith said. “It’s even better because I get to play this year. It’s a dream come true. It’s every kid’s dream to go to Williamsport. And we’re getting to do that.”
Jeff Smith, Cooper’s dad and the Coeur d’Alene Little League president, was also a little surprised when he got to Williamsport last summer.
“Pulling into town, it wasn’t any different because there’s nothing like seeing the complex for the first time,” Jeff Smith said. “Cooper, he knew what to expect when they showed up. The other kids were oohing and aahing about the complex. Cooper showed them around, where the souvenir stand, concession stand and the grove was. He already knew the lay of the land.”
“We drove up from Baltimore,” Jeff Smith said. “We pulled into where the Little League museum was that overlooks the two stadiums. I pulled over and nudged her and her jaw dropped. It just blows you away. The people here are awesome.”
Coeur d’Alene traveled from California following Saturday’s Northwest Regional victory over Billings, Mont., flying with West Region champion Hawaii to Pennsylvania on Sunday and then busing to Williamsport on Monday. Coeur d’Alene shared a sleeping barrack with Hawaii while in San Bernardino.
“It’s been pretty cool that we’ve been able to share the experience with them,” Coeur d’Alene coach Sean Cherry said. “They’re a great team, but better kids. Their coaches want to be here for all the right reasons. We’d heard what great guys they are, but they’re amazing people as well. They’re really humble.”
Upon arriving in Williamsport, Coeur d’Alene was outfitted in new uniforms (they’ll don the Northwest jersey instead of the Coeur d’Alene Little League ones they wore throughout the Northwest Regional), gloves and equipment. Little League paid for the team to fly from California to Pennsylvania.
“The Little League has been really gracious to do that,” Cherry said. “There’s some cost with the equipment, baggage and other things you don’t expect. And spending $400 to $500 a day feeding 13 kids and three coaches has been expensive, but it’s been an unbelievable experience.”
Coeur d’Alene — which opens against Gross Point Woods (Mich.) Friday at 1 p.m. on ESPN — became the first team from Idaho since South Central Boise in 1999, and only the second ever, to advance to Williamsport. Coeur d’Alene is the first team from Idaho to advance since the addition of the Northwest Region in 2001, part of an expansion of the Little League World Series field from 8 to 16 teams — eight from the U.S., and eight international teams.
“We’ve always preached discipline,” Cherry said. “If you do the right things the right way, you’re going to have some success.”
In its opener at regionals, Coeur d’Alene scored 11 runs in the first inning on the way to a 16-6 win over Seattle.
“We played some clean baseball and put up 11 runs in that first inning,” Cherry said. “We knew that was going to be the most difficult matchup, and after that, we started to think about that W-word (Williamsport). But we never really thought this far ahead. We want to come here and represent. We want to show that Coeur d’Alene has a good baseball program and play our best.”
“It’s something like .002 percent,” Cherry said. “We’ve way exceeded our expectations. From being from a little town like Coeur d’Alene, it’s a big deal. Being here, it’s like having your own personal Disneyland. We’ve got adults at our beck and call and making sure we enjoy ourselves. It’s incredible.”
Coeur d’Alene has spent some of its off time playing whiffle ball against teams from Hawaii, Montana and Rhode Island in the past week.
“It’s been really fun,” said Jake Dannenberg, who plays second base. “It has been a lot of fun getting to learn other teams’ cultures and different ways to have fun.”
“It was nothing that I thought of, but everything I dreamed of,” Dannenberg said. “When you watch on television, you’d think it was boring, but when you get here, it’s super awesome. It’s really nice.”
“It was like a dream come true,” said Chase Saunders, an outfielder and catcher. “Seeing other players from Japan has been great. We’re going to try our best.”
“I think I was more excited to get here, but we were both very excited,” Chase Saunders said. “Neither of us have been here before. It’s been a great experience. I didn’t think we’d get close to making it here. I was just hoping to get to San Bernardino, but didn’t expect this.”
“They don’t even realize they’re there,” said Cherry of his players playing before the ESPN cameras. “They do a good job of making the cameras not be a part of the game. They haven’t been in the dugouts, and you almost wouldn’t know they’re there. The kids aren’t nervous at all. It’s amazing. They took a tough loss last Thursday (a 5-2 loss to Billings), and they had long faces for about 3 1/2 minutes, then turned into 12-year-old kids and wanted to go swimming. I was bummed out for 24 hours.”
“The mindset of the kids was just to go win a couple of games, represent Coeur d’Alene and play some baseball,” Jeff Smith said. “When we beat Washington, I met with the coaches and asked them what was going through their mind, and they said we’ve got a shot. They didn’t stray from the gameplan they had going in. They were able to get everything out of those kids and beat Oregon and Montana to go. Just to get to the (regional) championship, they’re all champions.”
Like in San Bernardino, Coeur d’Alene is staying in a dorm on the campus of the two stadiums in Williamsport — Lamade Stadium, built in 1959, and Volunteer Stadium, added in 2001.
“The camaraderie from there to here is a little less (than California), and they have the teams a little more separated here,” Cherry said. “But the facilities are really nice. This is definitely a step up.”
Since qualifying, as of Wednesday evening, the Coeur d’Alene Little League had raised $6,653 of its $40,000 goal to help parents of players to travel to Williamsport through a GoFundMe.com account.
“I’m absolutely blown away by the response,” Jeff Smith said. “The kids and families aren’t there (in Coeur d’Alene, to help with the fundraising). To come back from California and literally have 36 hours on the ground before leaving again ... I knew we lived in a special community, but this just proves it. The support that was thrown at us, it’s overwhelming and just goes to show what a great place it is.”
“It’s not just from people in Coeur d’Alene, but from Sandpoint, Lewiston, Hayden and Post Falls,” Jeff Smith said. “It’s about the Northwest. Our kids have been fabulous. They’ve had a lot of stuff thrown at them, but there hasn’t been one complaint. Each of them have stayed on task and been staying really positive. They’re still 13 kids, but are staying really grounded. They’re ready to get back to work.”
November 12, 2018 at 10:16 am | ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — In the time it takes for a red light to turn green, Leonard Sciascia can get his sports bets made, turn around and head home. The 39-year-old man from New York City's S...
November 12, 2018 at 9:32 am | Leroy Richardson got caught up in a bit of basketball politics when he was in the U.S. Navy. He had just transferred from the USS Yellowstone to a shore facility in Virginia, was looking to play for ...
November 12, 2018 at 8:59 am | To say the Jets , Raiders and Bucs have quit would be hyperbole. To say their fans are ready to quit watching them would be more accurate. There was little to nothing worth mentioning about t...
Forex Peace Army is your Forex Market Guardian with FREE vibrant Online Trading Forums, Automated Forex Trading System Tests, and Forex Broker Reviews.The sundial was more militant than small texas the etiology for applying appropriate top 10 forex news websites places to stalk toward. OANDA uses cookies to make our websites easy to use and customized to our visitors.While using News websites as sources for Economic Data and breaking Fx News is still better than ignoring.Our team of forex experts analyse the currency markets and offer their insights on which market-moving events are likely to impact the performance of some.
FOREX.com offers forex and CFD trading with award winning trading platforms, tight spreads and quality executions, powerful trading tools and 24 hour live support.
Forex News Daily Trading Signals These daily news trading signals are what made the FPA famous,. Top10forex.net offers guide to trade forex online and Discover the best options in currency trading and list of top 10 forex brokers to trade FX online.
Recently, our desire to stay on top of the latest forex news.Free, easy-to-use Forex charts, allowing for technical analysis of a wide range of forex currency pairs, from an independent FX quotes feed.
replacing fluorescent light in kitchen home design ideas fixture with led uk lowes remove fixtures,replacing fluorescent light fixture with pendant remove fixtures repair installing drop ceiling,remove fluorescent light fixtures how to install a fixture in suspended ceiling basement,replacing fluorescent lighting fantastic idea for light fixture with recessed changing to regular in bathroom,changing fluorescent light fixture to led replacing home lighting replace with lowes in bathroom,changing fluorescent light fixture to led change lovely replacing with pendant fixtures,replacing fluorescent lights elegant how to change a light fixture with led uk replace youtube remove fixtures,changing fluorescent light fixture to led replacing fixtures with track install lighting lights replace recessed,remove fluorescent light fixtures replace fixture with led strip under cabinet luxury how to install concept,replace fluorescent light fixture with led youtube fixtures remove changing to regular.
Shanghai QiZheng Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer that produces and sells environmental protection equipment such as copper rice machine, shredder, electrostatic separator, crusher, etc. Small Automotic from China factory for PE PP PVC PET,The waste cable and wire can be recycled by crushing a complete set of equipment. It can be recycled waste cable and wire through cutting, peeling, crushing, screening and other processes, automatic separation of 99.9% pure copper, production line equipment is completed. Full automatic control.
plastic manufacturer/supplier, China plastic manufacturer & factory list, find qualified Chinese plastic manufacturers, suppliers, factories, exporters & wholesalers quickly on Made-in-China.com. ... China Hot Sale Dessicant Masterbtach for PP PE Recycled Plastic
Saiou Machinery is one of the largest pp pe hdpe pvc plastic double wall corrugated pipe machine manufacturers and suppliers in China for its quality machine and excellent services. With highly precise products for sale, we warmly welcome you to buy the machine at reasonable price from our factory.
We offers high quality, high speed, full automatic blow molding machine. Our company is a successful manufacturer and supplier. We devoted ourselves to plastic field many years. Providing excellent service and competitive price for you, we are expecting to become your long-term partner in China.
Our company is a leading manufacturer of high quality plastic tube production machine in China. Enjoy the most competitive price, excellent service and fast shipping with us. ... PET Washing Line; PP PE Washing Line; Recycling Plastic Pelletizing Machine ... Now Extrusion Machine For Making PP PE Water Supply/drain Pipes Manufacturing SAIOU ...
Acrylic Pvc Abs Pet Manufacturers, Factory, Suppliers From China, Now we have experienced manufacturing facilities with extra than 100 employees. So we could guarantee short lead time and high quality assurance.
Wholesale Plastic Extruder Lamination Machine Manufacturers & Suppliers from China. We are professional manufacturers of Plastic Extruder Lamination Machine company, Factory & Exporters specialize in Plastic Extruder Lamination Machine wiht High-Quality, Buy Plastic Extruder Lamination Machine with Cheap Price.
Dongguan Zhenpai Packing Machinery Equipment Co.,Ltd is best Automatic pet pp mineral water juice daily cosmetic medical pharmaceutical small big bottle jar blowing molding machine Servo motor drive high speed, Standard automatic pet bottle making blowing molding machine and Automatic pet bottle blowing molding making machine for hot filling liquid supplier, we has good quality products ...
C3004 July 9th 2:30 pm A review of over 100 years of proposals to amend the International Code of Botanical Nomenclatur
Where To Purchase Coumadin Generic Now. Coumadin (warfarin) is important in preventing the formation of blood clots. It is also important to prevent extension of clots already formed, and to minimize the risk of blood clot embolization to other vital organs such as the lungs and brain. Coumadin also marketed as:Jantoven, Marevan, Warfarin, Warfilone.
Share a little biographical information here to fill out your profile as the author. Just fill the "Biographical Info" form in the User Profile section in your Dashboard. Also... use your email that connect with Gravatar, so your pict will appear in the left.
OIC – UN General Coordination Meetings are held every two years to promote and enhance cooperation between OIC Institutions and related UN Agencies.
SESRIC participates therein in its capacity as the OIC focal point for technical cooperation activities with a view to promote and enhance cooperation with the related UN Agencies to organise joint activities that would add to the specialisation efforts of experts in general and play an important role in the improvement of human capital in the Member Countries.
The 14th Session of UN-OIC Coordination Meeting was held at the ISESCO Headquarters on 03-05 July 2018 in Rabat, Kingdom of Morocco. The biannual regular meeting evaluated the progress of joint cooperation activities in order to set directions, make assessments, evaluate prospects and provide a follow-up for collaboration between the two major international organizations and it was attended by high level delegations from both the OIC General Secretariat and relevant institutions of the OIC and the UN.
TOPICS: Torque, Control equipment, Engines, Optimization, Vehicles, Cycles, Dynamic programming, Fuel efficiency, Batteries
The income capitalization Approach (often referred to simply as the "income approach") is used to value commercial and investment properties. Because it is intended to directly reflect or model the expectations and behaviors of typical market participants, this approach is generally considered the most applicable valuation technique for income-producing properties, where sufficient market data exists.
I want to take a moment to tell you of a most amazing experience I had at your office today. Deanne Holder waited on me and my daughter, Kelley DiSalvo, as we were trying to make heads or tails of some small pieces of property that belonged to my deceased husband, John Pat Krause, and me. Some of the lots were in low land and one piece of property didn't even have an address, except the address of the next door neighbor. Deanne very, very patiently looked up each and every parcel and helped us see the adjoining property owners so we can contact them, where needed, and also take the necessary steps to finally dispose of the remaining lots. I can see that Deanne is a treasure to your office and the citizens of Leon County.
“His 25 years of experience as a professional real estate appraiser, combined with his state certification, and his memberships in many organizations for both Realtors and property appraisers, make him an exceptional candidate for this important office,” Montanari said. “Besides his experience, Mike has the intelligence, character, and the right demeanor to serve all residents of Pinellas County.
The federal government regulates appraisers indirectly because if the Appraisal Subcommittee (ASC) of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) finds that a particular state's appraiser regulation and certification program is inadequate, then under federal regulations all appraisers in that state would no longer be eligible to conduct appraisals for federally chartered banks.[25] The ASC oversees the TAF. Banks make widespread use of mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, and would be unable to do so without appraisals.
A home appraisal is an unbiased estimate of the true (or fair market) value of what a home is worth. All lenders order an appraisal during the mortgage loan process so that there is an objective way to assess the home’s market value and ensure that the amount of money requested by the borrower is appropriate. The appraisal can include recent sales information for similar properties, the current condition of the property, and the location of the property, i.e., insight as to how the neighborhood impacts the property’s value.
Our experience in the personal property field is second to none. Each appraisal assignment we perform is held to the highest level of scrutiny. We pride ourselves on our honesty, integrity and commitment to service. All of our appraisals are prepared with the knowledge that we are ready and able to stand up in court, if necessary, to justify our findings.
Department is an industry leader in valuation services, counseling and advisory services. As one of the larger appraisal firms in the Tampa Bay Area, we have a depth of appraisal expertise in a wide variety of areas. We have commercial and industrial appraisers fluent in Spanish and Polish. We have extensive experience appraising properties of all sizes from the smallest retail or mixed use properties to large condominium developments or regional shopping centers. We
Summary:Commercial Real Estate Appraisals & Brokerage for various commercial property types, including multifamily apartment complexes, mix use vacant land, retail, proposed retail, industrial, office, office condominiums, vacant land subdivisions, mobile home parks, hotel, motels, shopping centers, eminent domain takings, highest and best use analysis, agricultural property, restaurants, insurable values, leased fee valuations, medical office, ad valorem tax disputes, among other property types ...
There is a key distinction between the role of a real estate agent and a valuer, as an agent may advocate for its principal's interests, whereas a valuer must impartially and independently provide opinion as to value. Lawyers, Conveyancers and Real Estate Agents are permitted to act in the sale of real estate under quite different legislation from that which governs valuers. The provision for the role in relation to Lawyers and Conveyancers is the Lawyers and Conveyancers 2006.
For example, single apartment buildings of a given quality tend to sell at a particular price per apartment. In many of those cases, the sales comparison approach may be more applicable. On the other hand, a multiple-building apartment complex would usually be valued by the income approach, as that would follow how most buyers would value it. As another example, single-family houses are most commonly valued with the greatest weighting to the sales comparison approach. However, if a single-family dwelling is in a neighborhood where all or most of the dwellings are rental units, then some variant of the income approach may be more useful. So the choice of valuation method can change depending upon the circumstances, even if the property being valued does not change much.
Meanwhile, a residential appraiser would focus on those properties where individuals and households are domiciled. This can include condominiums and single homes. Typically a residential appraiser works with properties with no more than four housing units. Larger scale properties, such as multiunit apartment buildings, would likely be classified as a commercial property for the purposes of an appraiser.
This growth model is the common language of instruction in Pinellas County Schools and can be used as an instrument for self-reflection, assessment, and deliberate conversations among teachers, those responsible for evaluation, and those coaching or mentoring colleagues. It is designed to be used as a tool to define performance standards, to help interpret the teacher's practice, make informed decisions about ongoing professional development and for evaluation purposes.
In a commercial income-producing property this approach capitalizes an income stream into a value indication. This can be done using revenue multipliers or capitalization rates applied to a Net Operating Income (NOI). Usually, an NOI has been stabilized so as not to place too much weight on a very recent event. An example of this is an unleased building which, technically, has no NOI. A stabilized NOI would assume that the building is leased at a normal rate, and to usual occupancy levels. The Net Operating Income (NOI) is gross potential income (GPI), less vacancy and collection loss (= Effective Gross Income) less operating expenses (but excluding debt service, income taxes, and/or depreciation charges applied by accountants).
Besides the mandatory educational grade, which can vary from Finance to Construction Technology, most, but not all, countries require appraisers to have the license for the practice. Usually, the real estate appraiser has the opportunity to reach 3 levels of certification: Appraisal Trainee, Licensed Appraiser and Certified Appraiser. The second and third levels of license require no less than 2000 experience hours in 12 months and 2500 experience hours in no less than 24 months respectively.[1][2] Appraisers are often known as "property valuers" or "land valuers"; in British English they are "valuation surveyors". If the appraiser's opinion is based on market value, then it must also be based on the highest and best use of the real property. In the United States, mortgage valuations of improved residential properties are generally reported on a standardized form like the Uniform Residential Appraisal Report.[3] Appraisals of more commercial properties (e.g., income-producing, raw land) are often reported in narrative format and completed by a Certified General Appraiser.
While the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (USPAP) has always required appraisers to identify the scope of work needed to produce credible results, it became clear in recent years[when?] that appraisers did not fully understand the process for developing this adequately. In formulating the scope of work for a credible appraisal, the concept of a limited versus complete appraisal and the use of the Departure Rule caused confusion to clients, appraisers, and appraisal reviewers. In order to deal with this, USPAP was updated in 2006 with what came to be known as the Scope of Work Project. Following this, USPAP eliminated both the Departure Rule and the concept of a limited appraisal, and a new Scope of Work rule was created. In this, appraisers were to identify six key parts of the appraisal problem at the beginning of each assignment:
When everything goes smoothly, the home appraisal is just another box to tick on a closing checklist. When the appraisal value is lower than expected, the transaction can be delayed or even canceled. Regardless of which situation you encounter in your home buying, selling or refinancing experience, a basic understanding of how the appraisal process functions can only work in your favor.
cryptocurrency price trackers with best football bets of weekend live historical charts,1x2 (Fixed Odds Half Time/Full Time,) professional Sports Betting Investment Advice Verified by m OUR TIPSTERS From Asian Handicap, verified best football bets of weekend Soccer Tipster, verified Betting Tips, sports Betting - m.the easy sports betting guide. Winning tips and free bets Get FREE Weekly AFL best football bets of weekend Betting Tips. AFL, nRL Racing Odds Sports Betting Tips Bet AU betAustralia best odds, welcome to Bet Australia, its better with a bet on!
while Chelsea only managed third place. After the first www top tips soccer betting news few weeks of the season Uniteds form went up again and they went on to win the title,
Theres where the chances end for mine. Cant entertain any of the others, except for Rose of Peace who is very progressive and might well improve sharply. Ill be backing 3 in the race; STRAWBERRY BOY @ 6 win bet. MULTILATERAL @ 26 each way bet. IM IMPOSING @ 13 each way. Im also going to box up STRAWBERRY BOY, ESTONIAN PRINCESS, SIR MOMENTS, MULTILATERAL IM IMPOSING in a first 4 as well. BEST BETS : STRAWBERRY BOY the win and MULTILATERAL each way.
and France with single entrants. United States, sweden with two entrants apiece, and the. Denmark, norway, the 2018 Yonkers International Trot has attracted the worlds best from seven countries: Canada, italy, rooney, and. Brought back the International in 2015 after a 20-year hiatus.you can read further into best football bets of weekend our money management system and everything else that comes with your purchase of our premium expert baseball and football selections. Additionally, purchase our premium releases right now and start experiencing winning like you have never seen before!rEAL FIXED MATCHES - YOU ARE THE BEST ON THE MARKET - PERFECT SERVICE, kenya. I was skeptic but best football bets of weekend real fixed matches help me earn big money - Chege, chukwuemerie, nigeria.
patrick Mahomes II and the best football bets of weekend Chiefs cbs sports picks college basketball were impressive in Week 1, but the pass rush remains impressive (seven sacks in Week 1)). The Steelers defense has holes in the secondary,
NFL Pick 6 November Week 1 Results Posted! Cappers Picks Sports Handicapping and Free Sports Picks. Post your plays here. Free NFL, NBA,College Football and Basketball Picks! Moderators: theone1324, Kenny981, jaybvlsports, Dabears, ing_diesel Topics: Posts Last post norms week 11 by Enice20. View the latest.
Part of the Fair Play 4 NCAA plan: Allowing athletes to get a piece of the pie. (Special to Yahoo Sports) Players would forfeit their rights to that money if they are rendered permanently.
Sportstake 13 (ProPick) Tips And Predictions Weekend fixture list @14:30 All information published is based on the most correct soccer betting data available however there are.
national holidays edit Main article: Public holidays in Mexico See also: Christmas in Mexico Municipal president giving the " grito " of "Viva Mxico" at the commencement of Independence best football bets of weekend Day festivities in 2008 Mexicans celebrate their Independence from Spain on September 16,intertops, best bonus offers BookieSignup Bonus 1XBET 100 Bwin 50 1xbit 1 BTC Unibet 20 10bet 100. 10Bet and Unibet. 1XBit Bwin, william Hill 100 Daily betting tips Bet6.org is offering you the free football daily betting tips from the top 6 bookmakers: 1XBET,
fIXED MATCHES 100 SURE WEEKEND COMBO HIGH ODDS. Halftime/fulltime betting tips are picks best football bets of weekend with very good odds and often used by professional predict a haltime/fulltime(ht/ft))result is more difficult than normal outgoing, fIXED MATCHES HT-FT OFFERS NEXT FIXED MATCHES 100 SURE AND SAFE.golf Odds Each week there will be a comprehensive listing of the 72-hole and 18-hole matchups offered by the major online sportsbooks (twenty-three best football bets of weekend monitored at the moment)) across the different Tour events. For events on the PGA Tour,duet - a TAB bet for two more runners to finish anywhere in the first three. Often a stayer. Plodding horse. Dour best football bets of weekend - an unexciting,
get free bets to best football bets of weekend follow our football tips and accumulators. Free Super Tips is the home of free sports betting tips.sMS to best football bets of weekend 79079 the Game IDs, the teams you predict to win in 90 min the amount you wish to bet. E.g. 7180 is the Game ID, 1 is the prediction, 1234#2#4534#1#7180 #1#1 is the Game ID,2 is the prediction,4534 is the Game ID,that&apos;s a brutal matchup for the Jags - and if there were some best football bets of weekend better sleeper options, the best defense in the league against arguably the most efficient offense? Patriots.
speed of Light is the favorite in one of the races in Derby Day. The payout for the Show bet for this horse is 1.72. Show is the most conservative of the bets. It pays if the chosen horse comes first, second or third.michigan State at Arizona State, sept. UCLA at Oklahoma, 8. This will be an interesting early measuring stick against a playoff contender. 8. Sept. Edwards&apos; first big game with the Sun Devils comes best football bets of weekend against a seasoned Spartans team under Mark Dantonio.it is the first time three Nordic countries (Denmark,) iceland and Sweden) and four Arab nations (Egypt,) best football bets of weekend morocco, saudi Arabia and Tunisia) have qualified for the World Cup.Discover the tips and tricks that sportsbook owners don&apos;t want you to know.
nFL picks, nBA Picks, nCAA Basketball best football bets of weekend Picks, free winning sports picks, college Basketball Picks, football Picks, nFL predictions,
whats more, with the over/under goal market, there best football bets of weekend are only 2 outcomes so you have more chance of winning your bet. Is that it doesnt matter which team wins,zulubet, fixed Matches Tomorrow, fixed Matches Today, vitibet, hT FT Sure 100, fixed Matches, soccer Predictions, 12 soccer tips, copyright Fixed Matches, livescore, prosoccer, half Time Full Time, 100 best football bets of weekend today soccer matches prediction, soccerVista, hT FT Sure 100, fixed Match Today,6, 0:33 See All Kirk Herbstreit says No. 1 Alabama in the best football bets of weekend SEC title game. 5 and Oklahoma at No. 5 Georgia can get itself into the College Football Playoff by beating No. 0:43 See All With Georgia coming in at No.
49 Overall, with this best football bets of weekend phenomenon being partially attributed to VAR. 48 A record number of penalties were awarded in the tournament,three doubles and a trio. PATENT BET: A Patent bet is similar to best football bets of weekend a three-leg multibet but is made up of seven separate bets: three singles, a multibet combines any number of bets from two to 25 into one single bet and dramatically increases the odds.odds comparison, bookmaker and sports betting news, live scores and results, spread betting, betting tips, mobile betting apps, m is one of the worlds leading gambling portals, best football bets of weekend betting exchange, about Betrescue. Offering free bets,
live Football Today. And all this for free - no registration, you may also get the daily betting tips by email - just subscribe here and you&apos;ll get the free football tips each day in your today soccer prediction scores inbox. No upfront money best football bets of weekend and no hidden fees.
Mustangs tend to be probably the most well-liked United states muscle mass vehicles available these days. There are many choices for individuals thinking about investing in a Kia Mustang. If you wish to purchase a utilized Mustang with regard to daily generating, you will have to be mindful how the 1 you select doesn’t have a lot of mechanised difficulties. Discovering Mustangs available is simple, a person must Search engines the word to obtain the numerous websites which market all of them.
Requesting the dog owner with regard to evidence of exactly what maintenance happen to be completed may make sure that you understand precisely what condition it’s within. It’s also wise to possess a trustworthy auto technician appear the vehicle more than prior to producing the ultimate choice. He or she can let you know exactly what requirements performing as well as just how much individuals Mustang components will probably price.
Purchasing a task vehicle is really a less expensive choice, however remember you need to commit a lot of period as well as cash to revive this in order to unique situation. Frequently your body is actually rusted away as well as requirements a lot of restore. Discover precisely what components it requires, regardless of whether they are obtainable as well as from exactly what price. For more information go to the web site.
At wholesale prices Vehicles as well as auction web sites — 6 Confirmed Strategies for the Money making At wholesale prices Vehicles Biz within auction web sites!
Ground beef, fresh spinach, onions, eggs, jack and cheddar cheese scrambled together with cottage cheese or sliced tomato.
A Sundried tomato tortilla grilled and filled with jack and cheddar cheese, scallions, olives, tomato, and avocado. served with salsa fresca and sour cream.
Fresh ground beef seasoned and grilled to perfection. Served on a fresh bun with roasted garlic aioli, tomato slics, crisp lettuce, and red onions.
I usually stop by here when I need a quick refreshing bite to eat. I love the tri tip salad and the gentlemen behind the counter are always very helpful and friendly. It does get crowded as the inside is tiny and on weekends it's hard to find seating but it is worth it because they never disappoint!
We ordered an office lunch today. When he gave me the total, it was about $93, not the $80 I was expecting. So, I asked to see the receipt & noticed that their prices are $1-$2 higher than the prices on their website, alphysbroiler.com/Menu.h…. I mentioned this to the gentlemen (the oldest person there, working the register, was the owner?) and he gruffly said "What website?". I told him, yours. He didn't seem to care. Really poor attitude. I wasn't trying to pay less, just letting him know. Not likely that I will go there again.
Found a new favorite. Nice staff and good food. Hubby had the prime rib sandwich which was cooked perfect and I had the buffalo chicken wrap which was full of flavor and delicious. We will return.
I wanted a cobb salad and my step-mom wanted a sandwich. I went onto Yelp to help me find something good in the Arroyo Grande area. It was in the Village itself. We sat at the outside tables and enjoyed the view (there are inside tables too). My salad was really good. The sandwich received raves from step-mom. It was my good fortune to find this place.
It's crazy to think we've been here for over three years now and this past week was our visit time to Alphy's. We all ordered different sandwiches and they were all great. Loved the garlic aioli spread! Excellent salad to accompany the sandwich and, of course, appreciated the pickle. We'll be back!
We were driving past Arroyo Grande and came across some traffic, so we decided to pull off to find somewhere to eat. Yelp pulled up Alphy's Broiler with great reviews so we stopped here.
We got the pulled pork sandwich. Unfortunately the bread was so hard and dry. The pulled pork was not memorable as well.
Salmon salad had crispy lettuce, salmon was a little over cooked but the worst was the deep fried roll. My knife couldn't cut it. It was greasy and hard. Suggest They just give a soft roll and not deep fry it.
SITREP We went for lunch and it was a nice sunny day (like almost every single day in AG). We ordered our food and turned around and there were no tables that weren't directly in the sun. It was kind of a pain to be on your lunch hour and not have a place to sit. We had to ask someone to clean off a table inside. So right there I thought I would never come back. My litmus test for a good restaurant is the soup. There aren't many places around AG where you can get a good bowl of soup for lunch. The sign said the soup was "Roast Turkey Vegetable". What I got was clearly beef, so if that's something you don't eat, be sure and check with the guy and make sure it is indeed turkey. However, it was a good bowl of soup. It was home made, with a very nice clear broth and loaded with vegetables. We also had a Ranchero Salad with chicken. Another excellent dish with field greens, tasty grilled chicken, black beans, tomatoes, corn and tortilla strips. They use their home made salsa with ranch for the dressing. Although the service was friendly, there were a few details that made the staff seem out of touch. The seating situation, spilling my soup (which was supposed to be turkey) when he put it on the table and then just walked away, and my husband had to get up and ask for our salad because it was sitting behind the counter, "it didn't have a ticket" was the reason he was given. 0 ambiance, but the food is good.
My wife and I had similar reactions -- this is a place we want to root for. Many months ago, before we even knew this was a restaurant, we were walking our dog Charlie through the village on a sweltering hot summer day when, suddenly a guy in a "chef suit" (we presume to be an owner) came running out Alphy's door with water and milk bone in hand. "For the little guy" he said, or something of that nature. No pressure to come in, just an act of kindness.
Fast forward to today. We've been here several times, always coming away feeling a bit guilty because the fantastic quality, portions, and taste of their breakfast did not match their price point. In fact, we've openly wondered why they don't charge more (hope they don't read this). I'm giving the guy behind the counter my order, Harvey's Skillet and a bacon breakfast burrito, when he suddenly breaks from the counter, shuffles over to a nearby bowl which he fills with water, and goes outside to where my wife and dog are sitting. No explanation, just leaves me at the counter.
THIS is the essence of customer service --- as genuine as it gets. We've only had breakfast here, but what we've had has been fantastic. The quality at the price point is unrivaled.
Alphy's Broiler embodies the essence of what my wife and I love about the Central Coast/AG -- for that, 5 stars!
Ferulic acid is an organic compound, which is an abundant phenolic phytochemical found in plant cell wall components such as arabinoxylans as covalent side chains. Ferulic acid, also known as
4-Hydroxy-3-methoxycinnamic acid，It is related to trans-cinnamic acid. As a component of lignin, ferulic acid is a precursor in the manufacture of other aromatic compounds.
Ferulic acid, like many phenols, is an antioxidant in the sense that it is reactive toward free radicals such as reactive oxygen species (ROS). ROS and free radicals are implicated in DNA damage, cancer, accelerated cell aging. Animal studies and in vitro studies suggest that ferulic acid may have direct antitumor activity against breast cancer and liver cancer. Ferulic acid may have pro-apoptotic effects in cancer cells, thereby leading to their destruction . Ferulic acid may be effective at preventing cancer induced by exposure to the carcinogenic compounds benzopyrene and 4-nitroquinoline 1-oxide. Note that these are not randomized controlled trials done with human participants, and therefore, the results of these studies may not be directly applicable to human use.
delawaretreatmentcenters.com only collects information pertinent to our website; as such, our stated goal is to customize your experience and let you get the most out of what we offer. To that end:
delawaretreatmentcenters.com will never rent, share or sell any of the personal information you provide.
By what your computer automatically provides to us. Via our server, delawaretreatmentcenters.com collects your IP address, cookie information, and the pages you visit in an effort to help us administer and improve our site. Our servers use cookies to enable us to recognize your computer and facilitate use of our site. They do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information gathered by cookies with any personal information provided by you through registration. You may disable cookies from the "help" toolbar on your internet browser.
Changes or amendments to our Privacy Policy may occur now and again as warranted. However, information is always and only subject to the policy in place at the time it is collected. Should we feel the need to execute a change in the Policy, we will announce the change on our website so that our users are made aware of the change and may act accordingly.
Finally, the conditions of use (visits to our website, including the information collected, our use of that information, and any future disputes regarding issues of privacy) are subject to both this Policy in addition to our Terms of Use.
The contents of the DelawareTreatmentCenters.com web site (the "Site") are for informational purposes only. The Information is not intended as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, tests or treatment, and does not create a physician-patient relationship. This Site and Deep Dive Media ("the Company") are not responsible for sending you to, referring you to or making recommendations about a doctor, a professional practice or health insurance company. NO LICENSED PHYSICIAN-PATIENT RELATIONSHIP IS CREATED BY USING INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OR THROUGH THE USE OF THIS SITE INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, TREATMENT CENTER REFERRAL FUNCTIONS OR LINKS TO OTHER SITES. The Company makes no guarantees, representations or warranties, whether expressed or implied, with respect to professional qualifications, expertise, quality of work or other information herein. Further the Company does not in any way endorse the individuals described herein. In no event shall the Company be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by you in reliance on such information. You are STRONGLY ADVISED to perform your own due diligence prior to selecting a health care professional with activities, such as making confirming telephone calls to the appropriate licensing authorities to verify listed credentials and education. In addition you can further verify information about a physician or medical provider by confirming with the doctor's office, your current physician, the medical association relative to the doctor's specialty and your state medical board. See our Legal Statement for the complete terms and conditions governing your use of the Site.
©2013 DelawareTreatmentCenters.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of DelawareTreatmentCenters.com's terms of service and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider.
Nie chciałam rozwiązywać swojej ciężkiej sytuacji finansowej jakąś wątpliwą pożyczką, a bank nie chciał mi udzielić kredytu. Problemy rozwiązałam dzięki Doskonałej pożyczce.
University of Kragujevac rose from the foundations of the Lyceum of the Principality of Serbia, the first higher education institution in modern Serbia, established in Kragujevac by the decree of Prince Milos Obrenović on July 1st, 1838. Its first rector was Atanasije Nikolic (1803 – 1882). The Lyceum of the Principality of Serbia planted the seed of higher education from which first modern higher education institutions originated in the beginning of the 1960s.
University of Kragujevac was founded in May 21, 1976. At that time, the University incorporated five faculties: Mechanical Engineering, Economics, Law, Natural Sciences & Mathematics, Medicine and College of Mechanical Engineering in Kraljevo along with two research institutes: Small Grains Research Institute in Kragujevac and Fruit Research Institute in Čačak.
The University was established and developed based on the concept of dispersed university, comprising 12 faculties in six towns of the Central Serbia region: Kragujevac, Čačak, Jagodina, Kraljevo, Užice and Vrnjačka Banja. However, the University managed to turn this into one of its most distinctive advantages which allows it to use economic and geographical potentials and human resources from the territory which spreads over an area of 5000 square kilometers and has about 2.5 million citizens.
Today the University of Kragujevac is a modern education and research center embracing almost all major areas of teaching and research, with a student population of 20,000 and 1,200 academic staff.
The University Library is also a member of the University of Kragujevac. It is a library of general scientific character whose activities are in the function of teaching, scientific and research processes at the University. In this way, it contributes to the successful practice of study, dissemination and affirmation of knowledge, educational and scientific creativity of professors and associates of the faculties and institutes of the University of Kragujevac.
The University integrates the functions of all faculties and its organizational units by carrying out the unique policy with the aim to constantly promote higher education activities, improve the quality of teaching process and educate scientific, research and art offspring.
Extra time granted for registration and abstracts submission for the upcoming BelBi2018 until 28 May 2018.
The deadline for the abstract submission and registration for the upcoming BelBi 2018 Conference has been extended until 7 May 2018. New deadline for notification of participation acceptance is 21 May 2018.
We are pleased to inform you that the registration and abstract submission for BelBi2018 are now open.
Xenoglossy: a paranormal or supernatural phenomena where a person or a group of people speak or write in a language entirely unknown to them.
Many people have never heard of this term. But you have seen or read it in popular culture. In the Bible in the Book of Acts on the day of Pentacost “All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began to speak in other tongues as the Spirit enabled them.”
In is a movie, I forget the name, where a possessed person in speaking in Latin. Backwards. This person in the film would not know Latin, let alone speak it backwards.
There are accounts of people waking up from a coma and speaking a foreign language. Skeptics are quick to debunk such claims because the person speaking is not fluent in that particular language. The speak in fragmented sentences, but it is still a known language, just not to the speaker.
Amazing in addition to Beautiful garage door lock bar with regard to HomeAmazing in addition to Beautiful garage door lock bar with regard to Home
The Stylish and also Gorgeous garage door locking mechanism for InvitingThe Stylish and also Gorgeous garage door locking mechanism for Inviting
converting detached garage into apartment regarding Inspireconverting detached garage into apartment regarding Inspire
garage doors wilmington nc with regard to Your housegarage doors wilmington nc with regard to Your house
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Authorteblack.com website that is not Authorteblack.com’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Authorteblack.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Low-birth-weight babies with a particular brain abnormality are at greater risk for autism, according to a new study that could provide doctors a signpost for early detection of the still poorly understood disorder.
"What this study shows is that an ultrasound scan within the first few days of life may already be able to detect brain abnormalities that indicate a higher risk of developing autism."
also spelled haematology, is the branch of internal medicine, physiology, pathology, clinical laboratory work, and pediatrics that is concerned with the study of blood, the blood-forming organs, and blood diseases. Hematology includes the study of etiology, diagnosis, treatment, prognosis, and prevention of blood diseases. The laboratology work that goes into the study of blood is frequently performed by a medical technologist. Hematologists physicians also very frequently do further study in oncology - the medical treatment of cancer.
Doctors order basic blood chemistry tests to assess a wide range of conditions and the function of organs.
Often, blood tests check electrolytes, the minerals that help keep the body's fluid levels in balance, and are necessary to help the muscles, heart, and other organs work properly. To assess kidney function and blood sugar, blood tests measure other substances.
The analysis of the properties and effects of serums (blood, semen, saliva, sweat, or fecal matter) is called serology. We'll concentrate here on the principal tests used to identify blood. According to Henry C. Lee, a forensics expert who has assisted law enforcement in over 6,000 major criminal investigations—including that of O. J. Simpson---blood evidence is found most often in "crimes of violence such as homicide, assault, and sexual assault." It may be in the form of fresh liquid, coagulated, dried, or as a small drop or stain, and each form involves a different method of preservation and collection.
We all have about ten pints of blood getting pumped throughout our bodies. When wounded, bodies leak or spray blood, and the behavior of blood in flight tends to be unaffected by such things as temperature, humidity, or atmospheric pressure. In other words, it's uniform.
Despite how well the crime scene may get cleaned up, even the finest trace of blood can often be detected and further tested. It is often the case that while the perpetrator may scrub down the obvious places, he can still miss between floorboards, under pipes, and inside drains. Merely by pouring water on some tiles at a murder scene and pulling them up wherever the water flowed beneath them, one detective found the only existing trace of the crime--blood. His discovery so surprised the killer, who felt certain he'd done a through job of cleaning up, that he instantly confessed.
The Annual Physical Exam is a form of benchmarking. It allows the doctor and patient to review all the pertinent aspects of your health history and physical exam and use the data to coordinate a care plan for you which is personalized. It is an essential part of the development and continuation of the doctor patient relationship.
Annual Physical Examination may be provided under health insurance cover, required of new insurance customers, or stipulated as a condition of employment. In the United States, physicals are also marketed to patients as a one-stop health review, avoiding the inconvenience of attending multiple appointments with different healthcare providers. Comprehensive physical exams of this type are also known as executive physicals, and typically include laboratory tests, chest x-rays, pulmonary function testing, audiograms, full body CAT scanning, EKGs, heart stress tests, vascular age tests, urinalysis, and mammograms or prostate exams depending on gender. The executive physical format was developed from the 1970s by the Mayo Clinic and is now offered by other health providers, including Johns Hopkins Universit, EliteHealth and Mount Sinai in New York City.
While elective physical exams have become more elaborate, in routine use physical exams have become less complete. This has led to editorials in medical journals about the importance of an adequate physical examination. In addition to the possibility of identifying signs of illness, it has been described as a ritual that plays a significant role in the doctor-patient relationship. Physicians at Stanford University medical school have introduced a set of 25 key physical examination skills that were felt to be useful.
annual physical exam	blood chemistry	clinic philippines	Complete Diagnostic Laboratory	dental services	dentist	gynacology	health and wellness	health and wellness solution	hematology	Home Visit Program	med clinic	medical clinic	medical clinic mall	medical clinic philippines	medical clinic robinsons galleria	medical clinic services	medical clinic with annual physical exam	medical clinic with chest xray	medical clinic with Clinical Chemistry	medical clinic with complete diagnostics	medical clinic with dental services	medical clinic with eye examination	medical clinic with friendly staff	medical clinic with services	medical clinic with specialty clinics	obstetrics	Psychological Exams	serology	surgery
CD-i Emulator is the first fully evolving windows compatible emulator project of the Philips CD-i system. Discuss the emulator, compatibility issues, seek help and support to get the program operating and post what you'd like to see in future revisions of the program. CD-i players ROM (BIOS) requests, begging and links will not be tolerated. Otherwise feel free to post your thoughts on this amazing new piece of software.
Now, I'm not encouraging this but using common search engines and p2p programs you can easily obtain the files as well, so ...
IsoBuster, would you perhaps be the author of the PIMC verifier programs? I've been frustrated with their output at more then one occasion
That is a fascinating story which I hadn't seen before; no wonder that IsoBuster is so CD-i friendly.
Audio Mastering is the final stage of the music creation process, in which the final mixes are processed by a mastering engineer and assembled into a CD ready for duplication. Through these processors, the music is fine-tuned to meet today’s music industry standards. Equalization, compression, and maximizing are all applied to give the music its peak to full scale ratio and frequency spread, while also giving it its necessary punch and clarity.
As well as the objectives described above, mastering also serves many other purposes. Because songs are mixed separately, many will have different frequency spectra and peak levels. Through the right equalization and compression, these differences can be rectified, so that the ear is not subjected to any startling changes between song transitions. The song order can be finalized, any silence between songs can be adjusted, and songs can be overlapped, if desired. Sections of a song can be cut if it is determined a song is too long, and any noise between tracks can be reduced.
Here at CD Mastering NYC, we use the highest quality mastering technology, utilizing the best of both analog and digital worlds.
Our experienced engineers have the trained ear necessary to utilize the full frequency spectrum and dynamic range available to ensure the best playback reproduction from any music player. We will work with you and your budget to supply you with a finished product ready for radio play.
No extra charge for child below 12 years of age when sharing the existing bedding with parents, 12 years old and older must use extra bed.
*** Room only rate is also available. Please contact reservation@accapatong.com for more information
For special rate offers and long stay rates, please contact Acca Patong directly to check specific dates and special offers.
Advance deposits are non-refundable. Balance of booking is due upon arrival. You are responsible for all days booked at that time. No refunds for early departure or late arrivals.
In “Remember – War of the Son” the tight plot captured the hearts of viewers. In particular, the scene where Yoo Seung Ho was aggressive against the witness and started to push up against Nam Goong Min were scenes to not ignore.
On the 6 th episode of SBS Wednesday/Thursday drama “Remember – War of the Son” (script Yoon Hyun Ho, director Lee Chang Min, production Logos Film) of Dec. 24 th , Suh Jin Woo (played by Yoo Seung Ho) won in his lawsuit.
On this day, Lee In Ah (played by Park Min Young) and Suh Jin Woo met as attorney and prosecutor because of the intern sexual harassment incident that involved Vice President Kang Man Soo (played by Nam Myung Ryul). Lee In Ah didn’t know Suh Jin Woo’s plans and didn’t understand why SUh Jin Woo was taking on the case that was from Il Ho group. In addition, Suh Jin Woo said that “winning is the truth” which confused her even further.
Meanwhile, ‘Remember – War of the Son’ is a human melodrama that revolves around an attorney (played by Yoo Seung Ho) who tries to fight to prove his father’s innocence in a complicated murder trial.
Here are eight flirting tips that will help bring a shy guy out of his shell - from Dr. Diana Kirschner and Love in 90 Days. When you visit Hard Xxx Sister Brother Vids you lose the sense of time. The truth is our free Fucking Sex Tube is too absorbing to remember about minutes and hours. Perform HOROSCOPE MATCHING also known as kundali matching for marriage based on ashtakoot system of Vedic astrology using no. 1 horoscope matching tool on Internet. Varun Dhawan is considered as a complete commercial actor who has a huge fan following among the mass audiences. His stint in films like Main Tera Hero, Judwaa. Apr 18, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Have a Long Term Relationship. Sometimes, security starts to seem like a good thing. If you're tired of playing datnig field, or are interested in. Catholic Dating for Free is the 1 Online Catholic Community for meeting Quality Catholic Jeju dating. 100 Free Ted talk hack dating with no talo charges. 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated hook up fall in love thousands for dating American single … Andrew Luck, whose status had been atlk ted talk hack dating by ted talk hack dating Indianapolis Colts through the NFL preseason, will be out at least several more weeks as he continues to. Sugar Daddyist is the best 100 percent completely free sugar daddy dating restaurant dating games to meet sugar daddies and sugar babies seeking an arrangement of … Online dating datinh you more options ted talk hack dating ever. Not just in people, but in sources. Dating ted talk hack dating like OkCupid, Tinder, Match, eHarmony, and Plenty of Fish all give. Want to know which are the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way HERE ARE BEST HOOKUP ITES THAT ARE NOT SCAMS. Heres the list of the best hookup sites In Canada (Vancouver, Edmonton amp; Winnipeg). Out of all of the ones weve. I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Petes Pub amp; Gallery is a classic beach restaurant and the only working sculpture foundry in the Bahamas. Famous for world class fishing and art gallery. What makes a dating site good for seniors.
The Marie Claire guide to your ted talk hack dating life, your love life, relationships and everything in between. Deloitte provides industry-leading datinb, consulting, tax, and advisory services to gay online dating tumblr of the worlds most hakc brands, including 80 percent of the Fortune 500. Mar 06, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Like bizzaro Facebooks, Tagged and Hi5 launched in 2004 to help you meet new ted talk hack dating instead of connecting you with friends you already know.
Your source for local news, sports, high school sports and weather in and around Jefferson City, Columbia, Fulton and the Ttalk of the Ozarks. All of Mid-Missouri. Birmingham New Street is the largest and busiest of the three main railway stations in the Birmingham City Centre, England. It is a central hub of the British railway.
The Lazy Lizard, Manchesters latest state of the art late-night venue offering customers the experience of an Ibizan beach-club vibe, ted talk hack dating opened in the Printworks. Christian news source, providing daily breaking Christian news reports, religion headlines. Hot trending ttalk on Christianity, current events amp; more.
DateBillionaire. com is the best billionaire dating site and ted talk hack dating dating site, it provides a professional dating service for billionaire men, millionaire men. Ah, Asperger Syndrome. Also known as 'Asperger's Syndrome', 'Aspergers', 'AS' and an upcoming favorite, 'High-Functioning Eugene simon and nathalia ramos dating. If you've spent any time … Jan 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;We take a look at what it really te, and costs, to be a contestant on The Bachelor.
Technology 13 of the best fitness and tsd apps for 2016 We scoured reviews and studies to bring you the best smartphone apps to help you stick taalk your resolutions. Last month, internet service provider Cox began charging residential customers in Arizona, Louisiana, Nevada, and Oklahoma dating and hiv positive man extra 10 … See episodes of your favorite MTV Shows.
Watch the latest Music Videos from your favorite music artists. Get up-to-date Celebrity and Music News. When your baby girl's name means ted talk hack dating you can expect great things Oct 19, 2016 Summary of gambling laws for the State of Georgia London Online is a concise guide to the capital with hundreds of articles about London, businesses, restaurants and pubs and events. Watch Taalk Jansen at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Nadine Jansen videos, pictures and more.
Journals from The Book Company. Whether choosing a journal from our journal collections, or having our team design a unique custom journal for you, The Book Company. Sean Justin Penn (born August takk, 1960) is an American actor, filmmaker, and political activist. He has won two Academy Awards, for his roles in the ted talk hack dating drama.
Beaches like Puerto. LoveShack. org is a community featuring dating advice and tips, articles, and discussion forums to help you improve and understand your relationships and other. quot;Is your AnastasiaDate review real?quot; is what my reader asked me, hesitant to put any more money into online dating sites with foreign singles that didn't deliver. Buy essay online at a reasonable price. Get-essay. com offers a wide range of writing services online. The most popular academic assignment that our writers complete. Pumped Up Kicks by Foster the People song meaning, lyric interpretation, video and chart position Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires, and needs. Motivation is also one's direction to behavior, or what causes a person to want to repeat a. Meet single women in Escondido CA online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find single women in Escondido. There is a guy who happens to be a close friend of my girlfriend. He s a nice guy, but she relies on him way too much for my liking Get information, facts, and pictures about Switzerland at Encyclopedia. com. Make research projects fossil dating flaws school taalk about Switzerland easy with credible articles. Find listings of daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, etd and specials. Get links to your favorite show pages. 100 Free dating site in the USA. Many singles dating simulators for pc USA are with us looking for dating and they are waiting for you ted talk hack dating. WOosaaa. Web games, also known as browser games, are games played over the web. Not to be confused with Freeware Games, which are dating website chicago for free and act like … Why Age limit in canada for dating Gomez Is Giving Justin Bieber Hadk Chance: 'He Ted talk hack dating Her First Love,' Says Source Fucking someone hqck don't like helps you get to know what is radioactive dating used for and how does it work. For many people, ted talk hack dating dating might be the one scientific technique that most blatantly seems to challenge the Bibles ted talk hack dating of recent ted talk hack dating. For this. Full archive of ted talk hack dating photos and ted talk hack dating from ICLOUD LEAKS 2017 Here. Leaked ted talk hack dating tted of Nora M248;rk. Nora M248;rk is ted talk hack dating Norwegian handball player. Age: sidney dating. The Philippines, being a country taok of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. The home page for Monmouth County and Ocean County, NJ: breaking and in-depth local news, sports, obituaries, databases, events, classifieds and more. Meet a Beautiful Blonde Swedish Girl. Dating Swedish Women isnt Easy United States Shemale dating page - Meet transsexuals and find your girlfriend Dec 04, 2007nbsp;0183;32;scholarly articles: Chapell, Mark S.Stefanie L. Hasselman, Theresa Kitchin, Saflya N. Lomon, Kenneth W. MacIver, and Partick L. Sarullo. 2006. Can't Stop Thinking About Him. Want to know if you two really have a chance even if you haven't heard from him in weeks. Find out what you need to know Today I found out the origin of superstitions surrounding black cats including why a black cat crossing your path is considered bad luck. Black Cats werent always. Zulu - Introduction, Location, Language, Folklore, Religion, Major holidays, Rites of passage Rwanda to Syria The Plenty Of Fish dating website is popular in the UK, USA, Canada and a few other countries that becomes obvious when POF servers go down or experience sign in.
Com Hqck a sense of entitlement crippling your dating life. Learn how this toxic attitude can ruin your chances of finding the relationship you want. Where can I find the IMEI number for my phone. How are software updates delivered to my Nokia smartphone. Google is the Internet, media and technology company responsible for some of the worlds most utilized Internet applications and social networking tools. Block Ted talk hack dating, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH.
It has matchmaking in columbus oh operations in. UN News Centre Official site for daily UN news, press releases, statements, briefings and calendar of events. Includes UN radio, video, webcasts, magazines. I want to know where you stand on the ted talk hack dating staying friends with your ex thing. Recently I moved to the country town where my boyfriend lives, after a few.
Please note that due to resources constraint, the content in this section is no longer being updated. It is presented for archival purposes only.
UNEP helps countries and their National Implementing Entities (NIEs) in Asia Pacific towards accreditation and development of proj...
The GEF assistance will be targeted at improving adaptive capacity to address climate change concerns at the national level, and a...
When we were designing our house, its location on the site was really important to us. We wanted to maximise on the sun for as much of the day as possible, and create a little patio space where we could relax, play and eat breakfast, lunch and dinner in golden rays. The NI Summer is volatile and often elusive, but when we get a glimmer of beautiful weather, this place in the countryside really is like no other. I know I harp on about how much I love it all the time, but I love it that extra little bit when the sun shines too!
This past week the weather has been so lovely, and we were encouraged outdoors for our first alfresco breakfast of the season…
I recently discovered One.World and got really excited to pick out a few new pieces for our outdoors this season. Their homeware is so, so beautiful (those pink napkins though!) and perfectly in keeping with the whole French courtyard style vibe we’ve got going on over here. I chose items that I knew I could use for a number of purposes (I mean, these would look equally as good indoors as out!) but they were perfect for a little table styling during breakfast this past weekend.
It’s not often that breakfast in our house is more than a quick bowl of Coco Pops and a few swigs of lukewarm tea, but I think I’m a convert to making the most of the production of it in the warmer days. I mean, who says you have to be on holidays to live like you are? I’ll be transforming our patio into that Provencal escape at every opportunity the coming season. Enjoying the rituals of setting and styling with the prettiest accessories, and simple moments spent with my favourite people too!
**This post was kindly sponsored by One.World. Love of French pastries, pink napkins and everything wicker entirely our own. 😉 Contains Affiliate Links.**
Absolutely gorgeous, you have such a beautiful style and I just adore your pictures too , Iv just shared them all with my husband and it’s giving us lots of inspiration for our new venture weather to renovate or build new .
`oh we absolutely love having breakfast outside and being with the fresh air while we eat. It’s been nice out to do that. These are just beautiful linens and accessories for that babes. I love your table cloth did I miss where you got it in the post I couldn’t see I have always had a thing for tablescapes off to pin this to my tablescapes board on pinterest it’s so beautiful Hope you are all well.
Archive Select Month November 2018 October 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014
When you need a water pump for larger jobs, just convert your Simple Pump manual water pump into a motorized pump.
In addition to all of Simple Pump's design advantages, the motor attachment is made with uncompromising efficiency and durability.
You can easily upgrade an existing hand-operated pump to a motor because of our highly-accurate computer-machined parts. Always identical computer machining assures precise part-to-part fit — even years in the future.
The mounting of the motor takes only a few minutes, and you can just as easily go back to hand-operation, if ever necessary.
Simple Pump is so power-efficient, it can, in many parts of the US, be run from one 130W solar panel.
35 acres on Highway 138 at 250th Street West with over .75 of a mile, 4,150 feet, of prime Highway frontage! This property has major potential for future Highway Commercial due to it's unique location on the Westside! GVRE #438
Vascular cell-adhesion molecule-1 plays a central role in the proangiogenic effects of oxidative stress. Abstract
Ranibizumab for macular edema following central retinal vein occlusion: six-month primary end point results of a phase III study. Abstract
Overexpression of SOD in retina: need for increase in H2O2-detoxifying enzyme in same cellular compartment. Abstract
Long-term outcomes in ranibizumab-treated patients with retinal vein occlusion; the role of progression of retinal nonperfusion. Abstract
Long-term expression of glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor slows, but does not stop retinal degeneration in a model of retinitis pigmentosa. Abstract
Prolonged blockade of VEGF receptors does not damage retinal photoreceptors or ganglion cells. Abstract
Topical pazopanib blocks VEGF-induced vascular leakage and neovascularization in the mouse retina but is ineffective in the rabbit. Abstract
This bigger cost usually includes more quickly company. The opposite technique is to deliver an financial system quality glass catered to a more spending plan aware consumer. Ensure that you know just what exactly style of auto glass store you need prior to deciding to reserve a career.
Even the smallest automobile issues can result in extremely high-priced repairs if ignored, Which explains why it's critical you provide your automobile to us without delay for any type of difficulty.
From Enterprise: Funds Blinds, is a custom window coverings franchise that gives people the power of the nationwide business with the most beneficial solutions and window coverings warrant…
InYourArea is simply a Listing. All related concerns tend to be the responsibility from the applicable facility.
Considering that automobile window repair utilizes specialised resources and methods it is necessary that the repair shop be effectively-Geared up. Request A fast tour to elucidate what tools are employed. Windshield and doorway glass repair should be completed by certified specialists, considering the fact that only Those people experienced on right repair methods can make sure the repair will carry out as essential. All major repair shops will make use of accredited specialists and plenty of will proudly Show qualifications to the wall for you to examine.
Looking for substitute wing mirror glass? Examine the great bargains on wing mirror glass obtainable at Halfords. ... Come across the proper mirror glass for your vehicle ...
Most auto glass replacements and repairs may be completed in a make a difference of hours. Get in touch with us nowadays and we are able to solution all your queries and, normally, routine a exact working day appointment.
Glass replacement and repair losses are protected beneath the comprehensive aspect of one's insurance policies policy and is not going to have an affect on your rates.
We can easily dispatch a cell unit from any one of our Bay Space warehouses or you may check out our most important facility in Oakland and also have your repairs performed As you wait.
We strictly employ the best and optimum-educated mechanics so they can have your vehicle repaired as immediately and skillfully as you possibly can. Our group is familiar with your time and efforts is important, And that's why we go above and beyond to repair your car throughout the time frame we promised.
ten Apr 2018 ... A safari park is investigating following a car window smashed on The pinnacle of a giraffe, sending glass shards traveling. The massive animal experienced place its ...
They are perfect destination to car glass in Culver City Obtain your windshield chip repaired, As you wait around :-) Finished in about 30 minutes or so! I took my subie wrx and they took treatment…
Auto Glass Within the Go is an entire auto glass repair and substitute organization proven in 1979. We provide auto glass replacement, repair and windshield chip repair for all overseas and domestic automobiles which includes windshields, doors, back again, facet and mirror glass for all will make and models. All of our installers are Qualified and all workmanship carries a life time warranty.
Auto Windshield Repair & Replacement. Auto glass is a big aspect of your respective cars security. A small crack may lead to a bigger vein that could obstruct your see ...
An educational blog on the various types of Depression, their symptoms, causes and treatments, including natural remedies. Readers are welcome to post comments or helpful articles so that we can help those who suffer from this terrible illness.
ATP, Basolateral membrane transport, Bile, Bile flow, Bile salt, Canalicular transport, cardiac output, CdK, chemoprophylaxis, Cholestasis, Cholesterol gallstones, CT, Cyclin, depression, digital imaging, dyspnea, erythromycin, GABA, Hepatitis B virus, HGF, hiv infection, IL-6, imaging, legionella pneumonia, legionellosis, legionnaires disease, Liver, Liver disease, Liver regeneration, lung, lung cancer, MDR3 deficiency, MRI, Multidrug resistance protein, Oxidative stress, oxygen consumption, patient aids, positron emission tomgraphy, Progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis, pulmonary, respiratory, sleep apnea, TGF-fi, TNF, Tuberculosis
Just click download link in many Resolutions at the end of this sentence and you will be redirected on direct image file, and then you must right click on image and select "Save image as". 150 × 150 / 232 × 300 / 236 × 305
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Bg Staffing Timesheet or Free Printable Timesheet Templates can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..
Learn how to apply moisturizer to men's skin with expert skin care tips in this free men's grooming video clip. Expert: Rin McDaniel Contact: www.majorleaguetrim.com Bio: Rin McDaniel is a stylist at Major League Trim in Los Angeles. Filmmaker: Traci Holsey
Do you want to put your recorded TOD videos from JVC Everio Camcorder to iPad for enjoying anytime as you like? With the help you this video tutorial, you can achieve your idea at ease.
Also, with this video you can put your JVC Everio TOD videos on many other portable devices, such as iPhone, iPod, Blackberry, Samsung, HTC, LG, Nokia, Sony Ericsson, iRiver, Zune, Zen and so on.
I purchased a new Panasonic Lumix camera, film family videos with the DMC-ZS7 camera. The videos are crystal clear when playing on the camera, but I could not get the videos to upload to my Mac computer. Neither the iMovie o iPhoto recognizes the AVCHD Lite videos. I could not view the video on my computer.
I googled Panasonic Lumix ZS7 Mac video upload and found Aunsoft MTS/M2TS Converter for Mac as the solution to put Panasonic Lumix AVCHD on Mac OS X. The Lumix AVCHD Lite converter is absolutely perfect, as it is easy to use and creates excellent videos. I can convert the files with HD quality for sending out to family members.
If you faced problem uploading videos to Mac from camera, just follow the steps below to put Panasonic Lumix AVCHD on Mac OS X like 10.6 Snow Leopard, 10.5 Leopard and 10.4 Tiger.
With Aunsoft MTS/M2TS Converter for Mac, I can get HD quality videos for watching on Mac computer, and my family can see via email or online. I think most Mac users shall learn how to upload Panasonic Lumix videos to Mac, and hope you enjoy the great software.
Most AVCHD camcorder users may have the trouble with playing AVCHD videos (.mts, .m2ts, .mod, .tod) on media players or portable devices. Tanbee AVCHD Converter for Mac is designed to help you convert AVCHD videos to common videos like convert AVCHD to MOV, MP4, WMV, FLV, SWF, AVI, 3GP and HD videos like HD AVI, HD MOV, HD MPEG, HD WMV. So you can enjoy self-created videos from your Canon, Sony, JVC, Panasonic, Hitachi AVCHD camcorder on iPad, iPod, iPhone, PSP, iRiver, Zune and more portable devices.
This tutorial will show you how to convert AVCHD(.mts, .m2ts, .mod, .tod) files to all popular videos suitable for different multimedia players with Tanbee AVCHD Converter for Mac step by step.
After the above settings, check the needed files to convert in the file list, and click "Convert" big button to start converting. You can check the converting progress from the converting window.
However, Flip Video can not edit in iMovie, FCP, FCE etc. How to convert Flip Video to iMovie, FCP, FCE etc for editing Flip Video easily?
Tick the checkbox for "Merge into one file", and the Flip Video to FCP Converter will join and combine the video clips into a single file as output.
After the conversion, you can easily import Apple Prores to Final Cut Pro without rendering for editing.
The Panasonic HDC-TM900 is the successor to the HDC-TM700, one of the hottest camcorders in 2010. The TM900 offers the same fantastic video performance as its predecessor, particularly with its widely-praised 1080/60p mode. As one Mac use, I noticed that iMovie 8 is claimed to support AVCHD video files from Panasonic TM700 on Apple official web. But when I tried to import my Panasonic TM9001080/60P AVCHD files to iMovie 8, I found that iMovie saw them but I can't select them. And then I have to try copying the m2ts files onto an external firewire drive and iMovie still does not find it.
For now, it seems that iMovie '08 doesn't accept all the various flavors of AVCHD files. So I have to google "import Panasonic TM900 1080p MTS to iMovie 8", and finally I got a nice solution with the recommendation of one HDCam program named Aunsoft Final Mate for Mac. The highlighted point of this program is its right output video format of Apple Intermediate Codec (AIC) for easily and quickly importing into iMovie. Although AIC video files take more space, but it features high performance and quality, being less processor intensive to work with than other editing formats.
Click “Wizard” and all footages of your camcorder will be showed on the Camcorder window. Then click Next button and choose Import instead of Backup to import PanasonicTM900 MTS files to Final Mate for Mac more quickly. After this, imported footages will be lying in camcorder tab.
-Another way is clicking the drop-down button of “Add Movie” icon and choose “For Conversion” to create a blank movie. And then drag and drop the video clips from Camcorder Tab to the blank movie in Movies Tab. In this way, all video clips will be merged as one single movie for conversion.
Once the conversion is done, you can directly import the output AIC MOV files to iMovie 8 for editing and make your movies.
Canon EOS Digital Rebel T2i / 550D recorded videos are saved in H.264 for image and linear PCM for audio. You can choose different recording modes like full HD 1920×1080p at 30/25/24 fps, HD/SD 1280×720p/640×480 at 60/50 fps. Even though the videos are saved in .mov format, you may also face problem importing the video to Final Cut Pro. So you need a Mac Canon EOS Video Converter for converting and importing 550D1080p MOV for Final Cut Pro without rendering. Aunsoft Video Converter for Mac is the recommended Mac Canon EOS Converter for you to edit Digital Rebel T2i / 550D videos.
Below is the quick guide for those who have a hard time editing Canon EOS Digital Rebel T2i / 550D H.264 MOV files to ProRes 422 at 30fps in Final Cut Pro 6 or 7.
How to convert videos(ingcluding DRM protected) on Mac and transfer iPod to Mac rcsen1280 DVD 1 Mar 30, 2009 02:02 AM
PHONE STOP TELCOMMUNICATIONS WHOLESALE (PTW) LTD is one of the leading supplier of high-end products to customers, we deal primarily in genuine and brand new electronics, all items are sourced directly from the manufacturers and carry the manufacturer’s warranty.
We ship 100% of our orders the same business day. we specialize in a wide range of Apple products such as Mobile phones & Ipad at Wholesales rate & affordable bulk prices.
All of our products are brand new,never used, never rebuilt. We maintain multiple-supplier sources for our products as a means of being able to continually offer the best products at the best prices.
We are given you 1 year international warranty and you are guarantee 100% delivery to you at your doorstep within 48hrs.
Our services and terms are base on customers relationship and trust for effective and long term business relationship and 100% customer service including our customers safety because we strive to have excellent communication & customer service.
首頁 >> Canadian Domestic Logistics >> Latest News >> Canada concludes free trade agreement with Trans-Pacific partners
October 5, 2015 - Ottawa, Ontario - The Government of Canada today announced that the members of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) have successfully concluded negotiations on a free trade agreement that will benefit Canada’s economy.
The TPP agreement will give Canada preferential access to dynamic and growing Asia-Pacific markets. Tariffs and other barriers faced by a wide range of Canadian products from various sectors will be cut; these sectors include agriculture and agri-food, fish and seafood, forestry and value-added wood products, metals and mining, and manufactured industrial goods.
The agreement will also provide improved access in areas such as financial, professional, architectural and engineering, research and development, environmental, construction and transportation services.
The Government of Canada also announced a new, comprehensive set of programs and initiatives to benefit and support supply-managed producers and processors throughout the implementation of the TPP. In the TPP, the government successfully protected the three pillars of Canada’s supply management system, which will remain intact.
The TPP, for the first time in a Canadian free trade agreement, will have a dedicated chapter with specific measures to assist small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to help them take full advantage of the opportunities this agreement will create. This reflects the Government of Canada’s commitment to significantly increasing the number of Canadian SMEs exporting to emerging markets.
The largest trading bloc in the world, the TPP will deepen Canada’s trading relationships with dynamic and fast-growing markets in the Asia-Pacific region, as well as strengthen Canada’s traditional partnerships in the Americas. The TPP will strategically set the terms of trade in this important region. As a founding member of the concluded TPP, Canada will have a deciding voice as additional countries seek membership in the “open architecture” agreement.
This trade agreement bolsters Canada’s strategic position in the global economy. The TPP and trade agreements with the European Union and South Korea make Canada the only G-7 nation with free trade access to the United States and the Americas, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region.
Trade is equivalent to more than 60 percent of Canada’s annual gross domestic product (GDP), with one in five Canadian jobs linked directly to exports.
The TPP membership represents a market of nearly 800 million people and a combined GDP of $28.5 trillion.
TPP countries include some of the fastest-growing economies in the world, and this is expected to continue to be the case.
Many of the TPP members are wealthy economies. The average per capita GDP in TPP countries is nearly $35,000.
The Asia-Pacific region is expected to represent two thirds of the world’s middle class by 2030 and one half of global GDP by 2050.
Canada’s new free trade agreements with the European Union, South Korea and TPP countries will give Canadian businesses preferential access to over 60 percent of the world’s economy and more than 1.3 billion consumers.
In recent years, China has quickly developed into a new engine for global economic growth and has become a new ascendant power in the international system. In order to uphold its matlab plagiarism checker development and growth momentum, the Chinese government has taken bold moves to deepen economic reforms and further integrate the country into the global division of labour. In autumn, 2013, Chinese President Xi Jinping successively proposed the initiatives of the “Silk Road Economic Belt” and the “21st Century Maritime Silk Road” that are known as the “One Belt, One Road” Initiative. In 2015, with the release of the “Vision and Actions on Jointly Building ‘One Belt, One Road’”, the creation of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), and the setting up of the Silk Road Fund, the “One Belt, One Road” Initiative has moved on to the stage of implementation. Furthermore, the EU and Chinese leaders issued joint statements to develop synergies between EU policies, especially the € 315 billion EU Commission Investment Plan (also known as the Juncker Plan), and China’s “One Belt, One Road” Initiative. Given the resources made available for the “One Belt, One Road” Initiative, the latter will undoubtedly have a decisive impact on the structure and future development of global economic interaction. What does the Initiative mean to the development of the involved countries and regions? What does it mean to the international order and relations between China and the world? These are just some of the questions brought forward by politicians, business leaders, and academic researchers worldwide. In search of well-founded answers to the micro and macro issues concerning the economics, finance, and politics of China’s development, and especially the “One Belt, One Road” Initiative, the main theme of the 27th Annual Conference of CEA (UK) and the 8th CEA (Europe) Conference concerns China’s new way of integration with the world whilst exploring the opportunities of the “One Belt, One Road” Initiative for the global economic system.
Several distinguished scholars have accepted our invitation to give keynote speeches at the conference:
• Chong-En Bai (Chairman of the Economics Department, Tsinghua annotated bibliography example apa University; Member of the Monetary Policy Committee of China)
• Susan Shirk (Chair of the 21st Century China Program, University of California, San Diego; Former Deputy Secretary of State of the U.S.A.)
• The “Second International Forum on the ‘New Silk Road’ and Sino-European Cooperation”, a roundtable co-organized by the China Center for Contemporary World Studies (CCCWS) at the International Department of the Central Committee of the CPC, and IN-EAST at the University of Duisburg-Essen. Senior government officials from China and Europe, business leaders, and renowned scholars will attend the roundtable.
• Social events: on Saturday, September 3rd, a guided tour to Duisburg and its environs will be offered.
Submissions of theoretical and empirical studies are welcome. Topics covered may include but are not limited to:
Publication: All papers accepted for the conference are eligible for a special issue with the Journal of Chinese Economic and Business Studies (JCEBS). Papers will be reviewed for JCEBS upon receipt using its normal criteria. Note that the acceptance of a paper to the conference is not a guarantee of publication by JCEBS. Selected conference papers may also have chance to be published in edited books.
Submission: For individual submissions, abstracts should be submitted through the conference website http://cea2016.org/paper-submission/ or sent to publications@cea2016.org before November 1st, 2016. The abstract should include (1) the name of the author(s), (2) paper titles and abstract, and (3) Email contacts for each paper. You are also encouraged to apply for the organization of dedicated sessions at the conference. Proposals for organized sessions are also due by November 1st, 2016 and should be sent to the same Email. The session proposal should describe the organizing theme and potential paper topics to be addressed. The person submitting the session will be considered the session organizer/chair.
Participation: Conference fee is € 250; PhD student concessional fee is € 100. The conference fee includes one-year membership of CEA and four issues of the Journal of Chinese Economic and Business Studies.
Black And Decker Codes For Homeowners Updated 3rd Edition Electrical Mechanical Plumbing Building Current
The University of Michigan Biological Station is committed to helping our researchers successfully meet data management requirements such as those recently outlined by the National Science Foundation. Please visit our data management policy for more!
Changes in the hysteresis between VPD and sap flux velocity as related to local weather in different tree species in northern Michigan Forests Ashley Matheny 2018
Indirect effects of largemouth bass dietary cues on macrophytes, mediated by crayfish behavior. Tyler Wood UMBS Graduate Student Research Fellowship 2018
Fahey RT, Alveshere BC, Burton JI, D'Amato AW, Dickinson YL, Keeton WS, et al. Shifting conceptions of complexity in forest management and silviculture. Forest Ecology and Management. 2018.
Data from the Douglas Lake Buoy is now available for download via the Cooperative Institute for Great Lakes Research.
Two air-conditioned, en suite independent within 60 meters from the beach. The owner offers Taxi service. Garage has availability. It concluded with all institutions in the area for diving, fishing and bird watching.
Horseback riding | Taxi | Electricity 110v & 220v | Airport pickup | Organizing excursions | Breakfast is offered | Lunch is offered | Dinner is offered | Laundry service | Preparation of drinks | Bicycle rental | Sport Fishing | Diving | Birdwatching |
der Feuerfrosch - Einrad und Jonglage in Dresden - Jonglieren, Einradfahren, Kurs, Show derFeuerfrosch - Johannes Dietz
Learn how to use a facial mask on men's skin with expert skin care tips in this free men's grooming video clip. Expert: Rin McDaniel Contact: www.majorleaguetrim.com Bio: Rin McDaniel is a stylist at Major League Trim in Los Angeles. Filmmaker: Traci Holsey
Learn how to soothe men's skin after waxing with expert skin care tips in this free men's grooming video clip. Expert: Rin McDaniel Contact: www.majorleaguetrim.com Bio: Rin McDaniel is a stylist at Major League Trim in Los Angeles. Filmmaker: Traci Holsey
Learn exfoliate men's skin with expert skin care tips in this free men's grooming video clip. Expert: Rin McDaniel Contact: www.majorleaguetrim.com Bio: Rin McDaniel is a stylist at Major League Trim in Los Angeles. Filmmaker: Traci Holsey
TV commercial of a Men's cream aired in Singapore! http://www.androformen.com/ Andro Men's cream is specially designed to steadily increase men's performance and vitality. Using Lynk's proprietary transdermal technology, Butea Superba, a native herb from Thailand, is delivered effectively into the skin to increase blood flow to the penis, resulting in powerful and prolonged performance! Use it to experience pleasure and excitement beyond expectation! Recommended For : - Those who would like to improve sexual health - Those who would like to promote sensitivity and performance
urth SKIN SOLUTIONS FOR MENTM was created with the elementary concept in mind that great looking skin should not be exclusive to women. Formulated for the specific needs of men, urth's comprehensive line of face, body and shaving preparations offers a multitude of botanical-based solutions to satisfy man's quest for great-looking, healthy skin.
Surgeon's Skin Secret is an all-natural, beeswax based handcream and moisturizer that has been prescribed by plastic surgeon's since 1950. Originally used for post surgical wound treatment, Surgeon's Skin Secret has found it's way to national fame via the QVC television network, which has sold over "three quarters of a million" jars since its debut in July of 1997. Find out why so many people trust Surgeon's Skin Secret. There are other beeswax handcreams on the market, but Surgeon's Skin Secret is hypoallergenic, fragrance FREE, steroid FREE, alcohol FREE, and waterproof for long lasting relief from dry skin.
Kalo inhibits hair regrowth, slowing down its regrowth cycle and making hair softer in the process. Softer, finer hair is easier to remove. Some men even use it on their face to make daily shaving easier!
Learn how to wax men's eyebrows with expert skin care tips in this free men's grooming video clip. Expert: Rin McDaniel Contact: www.majorleaguetrim.com Bio: Rin McDaniel is a stylist at Major League Trim in Los Angeles. Filmmaker: Traci Holsey
Learn how to prepare men's skin for an eyebrow waxing with expert skin care tips in this free men's grooming video clip. Expert: Rin McDaniel Contact: www.majorleaguetrim.com Bio: Rin McDaniel is a stylist at Major League Trim in Los Angeles. Filmmaker: Traci Holsey
Tolsom Skin Care for Men, proven to improve skin smoothness, fine lines, and clarity. Tolsom is the only men's skin care line with the exclusive T-10 Complex that delivers high performance results in 4 weeks.
Learn how to apply moisturizer to your eyes in a morning skin routine with expert skin care tips in this free beauty video clip. Expert: Gila Yaffe Bio: Gila Yaffe is a certified cosmetician specializing in skin care, body massage, makeovers, and general beauty care. She also markets her own line of facial creams and beauty products. Filmmaker: Gary Zier
Learn how to apply a skin moisturizer to use in a morning skin routine with expert skin care tips in this free beauty video clip. Expert: Gila Yaffe Bio: Gila Yaffe is a certified cosmetician specializing in skin care, body massage, makeovers, and general beauty care. She also markets her own line of facial creams and beauty products. Filmmaker: Gary Zier
Looking for a new hairstyle? Learn all about home hair perms with expert tips in this free hairstyling video. Expert: Lillian Garcia Bio: Lillian Garcia is the owner of Salon de Scottsdale in Albuquerque, New Mexico. She has been a hair artist and beauty consultant since 1974. Filmmaker: Juan-Diego Garcia
Men are finally beginning to understand how to take care of their skin. Dr. Richard and Dana LeConey. Institute of Antiaging medicine and skin spa. houston, texas 77098. 713-807-1000. www.anatiageinstitute.com
Anti-aging, Stay Young Healthy You can't stop getting older but you sure can keep yourself for prematurely aging, keep your body healthy and functioning correctly despite your age. How to stay young, stay healthy and look younger with nutrition. #Psychetruth #WellnessPlus
Watch more Waxing & Shaving Tips videos: http://www.howcast.com/videos/452-How-to-Shave-Your-Legs Women shave their legs an average of eleven times a month, so you might as well learn to perfect your technique. Step 1: Shower or bathe Begin by showering or bathing in hot water. Hot water softens your hair, opens pores and relaxes skin, making it easier to shave. Step 2: Lather legs w/ shaving cream While still in the shower or tub, lather up your legs with shaving cream. Step 3: Start at top of foot & pull up Using a razor with a sharp, clean blade, start at the top of your foot and pull gently up the entire length of your leg in one smooth stroke. Tip To avoid nicks or cuts around your ankle, flex your heel to stretch the skin around the bone when you shave. Step 4: Pull skin taut w/ one hand Pull sections of leg skin straight and taut with one hand, and use the razor with the other. Shave against the direction your hair grows. Tip Don’t put too much pressure on your razor, because this can cause razor burn and skin irritations. Step 5: Rinse razor blade Rinse your razor blade after every few strokes to remove the shaving cream and hair. Tip To trim your bikini area, shave in the direction the hair grows, then re-lather with shaving cream and shave lightly against the direction of the growth. Be gentle: The coarser hair makes this area more prone to razor burn. Step 6: Moisturize legs Moisturize your legs with an alcohol-free lotion, which will soften the skin without burning or stinging. Voila! Perfectly smooth legs for nearly 72 hours. Did You Know? Some experts say a racy World War Two pinup of Betty Grable flaunting her bare legs was the inspiration for U.S. women to make leg-shaving a routine.
Learn how to choose an overall moisturizer for the face with expert skin care tips in this free beauty video clip. Expert: Hollie Olson Contact: www.celebrityspaservices.com Bio: Hollie Olson currently owns and operates her business in Vancouver, Wa. Celebrity Spa Services. Filmmaker: Carey Bruce
A Guardian/Observer article titled Edward Snowden’s not the story. The fate of the internet is has turned up dozens of times on my Facebook and Twitter timelines and is, as I write this, the number two link on Reddit.
I haven’t written anything about the Snowden/NSA story although I’ve talked about it on Discourse a bit and engaged in a few Twitter discussions on the subject.
The title of the article is correct – Snowden isn’t the story, and perhaps the fate of the internet is. But I also don’t think the thrust of the story is right, and I’m frustrated that in most stories about Snowden’s revelations it seems that the elephant remains undisturbed in the corner.
The Guardian story, and most stories I’ve seen on Snowden’s leaks, have focused on the internet providers listed in the NSA Prism slides. The initial Guardian story by Glenn Greenwald grabbed the most attention by claiming that the NSA had “direct access” to servers at Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Yahoo and others. Subsequent releases don’t appear to support that claim. Instead painting Prism as more of a streamlining operation – simplifying the process of applying for interception orders and then receiving the mandated data from providers.
Focus has effectively, and unreasonably I think, remained largely on the internet companies at the centre of the scandal. Later headlines were generated with the sensationalist claims that Microsoft “handed the NSA access to encrypted messages” while ignoring why that was the case.
These companies have not freely chosen to hand over data to the NSA whenever they are asked. They are given no option in the law – and that’s the issue that still seems to be largely brushed aside in news coverage of the NSA scandal. The companies involved aren’t just throwing their users’ data at the NSA and, arguably, the NSA isn’t doing anything it’s not supposed to. The laws to make this possible are deliberate and secretive.
Companies like Google and Microsoft can’t reasonably be expected to refuse to co-operate with US law – who knows what the consequences may be? And the highly secretive nature of the laws involved wouldn’t offer them the opportunity to publicise their fight.
So while the media focuses on Snowden, the NSA and various internet companies, they are largely ignoring the legal reality that all this is occurring within. Google, Microsoft and the rest are treated as co-conspirators when in reality they are as much victims of the law as the US (and global) citizens who have been spied on however the media have barely moved on from the initial suggestion that internet companies where happily letting the NSA rifle through their records whenever they pleased – something that’s not supported by any of the leaked information.
The Caring Classroom A Guide For Teachers Troubled By The Difficult Student And Classroom Disruption
First brought up by this Website [ LINK ] after the Russian Air Force gave the Lebanese Air Force 10 Mig-29's the question of recent crashes and the Algerian Air Force Return of what it called "Used Mig-29's" raises questions.
MOSCOW, February 6 (RIA Novosti) - At least 200 MiG-29 Fulcrum fighters, or 70% of the total in service with the Russian Air Force, are too old to take to the skies, a Russian business daily said on Friday citing military experts.
Following a MiG-29 crash in East Siberia last December, the Defense Ministry admitted for the first time that Russia's MiG-29 fleet was mostly outdated and not capable of performing combat duties.
The crash was the second in East Siberia involving a MiG-29 fighter in less than two months. In mid-October, a MiG-29 fighter crashed 60 kilometers (37 miles) from the Domna airfield during a regular training flight. The pilot ejected safely.
Lt. Gen. Sergei Bainetov said on Wednesday that all aircraft of this type were thoroughly inspected after the crash and the probe revealed "traces of corrosion on the tail unit of some of the planes."
The Kommersant daily said in an article on Friday that experts believe the aircraft, which was developed in the 1970s and supplied to the Air Force between 1983 and 1993, has become obsolete and needs to be removed from active service.
The production of new MiG-29s at an assembly plant near Moscow was stopped a long time ago, and in the 1990s Russia built the aircraft mainly for exports from assembly kits inherited from the Soviet Union, Kommersant said.
Even though Russia's state arms exporter Rosoboronexport has promised the Defense Ministry that it will deliver in the near future 34 MiG-29SMTs, rejected by Algeria, to the Russian Air Force, these aircraft will not be able to replace 281 MiG-29 fighters currently in service.
Russia's first fifth-generation fighter will make its maiden flight by the end of this year, but it will take at least five years to finally put it in service with the Air Force. Meanwhile, Russia may not be able to operate about a third of its fighter fleet, the paper said.
Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Ivanov, who is in charge of arms procurement, said on January 20 that Russia's fifth-generation fighter must be commissioned with the Air Force by 2015.
MOSCOW, February 4 (RIA Novosti) - The Russian Air Force has resumed flights of MiG-29 Fulcrum fighters, grounded after a December 2008 crash in East Siberia that killed a pilot, a Defense Ministry official said on Wednesday.
"We inspected all aircraft of this type after the crash and found traces of corrosion on the tail unit of some of the planes," Lt. Gen. Sergei Bainetov said, adding that tail damage was the most likely cause of December's accident.
The official said experts were currently attempting to find what caused the corrosion by conducting "artificial aging" experiments with the remains of the tail units of the MiG-29 aircraft that crashed last year.
"We will need at least two months to make a conclusive report on the causes of the accident because the experiments are quite complex and lengthy," Bainetov said.
MOSCOW (AP) — A significant part of Russia's air force fleet has been grounded for two months after a MiG fighter lost its tail on a training flight, and a newspaper said Friday that at least a third of the nation's fighter jets are unsafe and should be written off or repaired.
A MiG-29 crashed in southern Siberia on Dec. 5 during a training flight, killing its pilot. Another such plane had crashed in the same area in October.
Air force spokesman Col. Vladimir Drik said Friday that the entire MiG-29 fleet has remained grounded as a military panel has been looking into the cause of December's crash, which occurred when a part of the jets tail section broke off. Drik told The Associated Press that the ban on all MiG-29 flights will remain in place until the investigation ends.
Grounding of the MiG fleet will dent Russia's pride, dealing a blow to the Kremlin's effort to revive the military and project power worldwide. It will also hurt Russia's efforts to increase arms sales.
The twin-engined MiG-29, codenamed Fulkrum by NATO, has been a mainstay of the Soviet and then Russian air force since the 1980s.
Drik would not say how many MiG-29 the air force now has, but the business daily Kommersant quoted an aircraft industries official who put their number at 291.
The number would represent nearly a half of the entire Russian fighter jet fleet of some 650, Kommersant said. The two other types of fighters in the Russian inventory, the Su-27 and the MiG-31, also date from the 1980s.
Kommersant quoted former Russian air force chief, retired Gen. Anatoly Kornukov, as saying that Russia needs to mothball or start costly repairs of its entire fighter jet fleet.
Kommersant said officials had determined that December's crash was caused by corrosion, the reason for which remained unclear. It quoted a military industries official whom it did not identify as saying the reason is simply age and wear and tear.
The jets' lifetime can only be extended after costly repairs, and the air force has failed to do that, the newspaper said.
Drik refused to comment on whether the air force would refurbish the fighters and how fast it can happen. He said a decision on what to do with the MiG-29 fleet will be made after the probe into the crash is completed.
Despite a steady rise in defense spending during eight years of Russia's oil-driven economic boom, the military has modernized only a few dozen of Su-27s and MiG-31s. The prospects of upgrading Russia's arsenals look bleak now after slumping oil prices drained the government coffers.
Kommersant said the air force had cleared about one third of MiG-29s for flights after a detailed inspection of their condition, but Drik dismissed the claim, saying all planes of the type have remained grounded.
The decline of Russian military industries will likely make it difficult to modernize the jet fleet even if the government comes up with cash. Observers have said that aging equipment, an exodus of qualified industrial personnel, and lack of key components would make it difficult for the nation's defense industries to meet weapons orders.
Kommersant said an aircraft-making plant in Lukhovitsy near Moscow has struggled to meet the Indian order for a carrier-borne version of the MiG-29, producing only two such planes in the past few years.
In a humiliating blow to Russia, Algeria last year returned 15 MiG-29s, citing poor quality. Moscow has dismissed the claim, and the Russian military said it would commission the planes.
Russia also said in December it would deliver 10 MiG-29s from the military stockpiles to Lebanon free of charge. It promised to upgrade them before delivery.
Lebanon has been advised to "wait" before accepting MiGs after reports that at least a third of Russia's fighter jets are unsafe and should be written off or repaired.
Air force spokesman Col. Vladimir Drik said Russia's air force fleet has been grounded for two months after a MiG fighter jet lost its tail on a training flight.
A Russian newspaper also said Friday that at least a third of the nation's fighter jets are unsafe and should be written off or repaired.
Drik told the Associated Press that the entire MiG-29 fleet has remained grounded as a military panel has been looking into the cause of December's crash, which occurred when a part of the jets tail section broke off. Drik said that the ban on all MiG-29 flights will remain in place until the investigation ends.
Meanwhile, the daily An Nahar on Saturday quoted well-informed sources as "advising" the Lebanese government to "wait" before accepting the MiGs.
An Nahar said a Lebanese delegation headed by Air Force Commander Brig. Gen. Michel Mnassa did not leave for Moscow last month as scheduled.
It quoted the sources as saying that the travel delay was due to the language barrier and that Lebanese army pilots tasked for the mission were studying Russian at the Russian Cultural Center to be able to learn to fly the MiGs.
Russia said in December it would deliver 10 MiG-29s from the military stockpiles to Lebanon free of charge. It promised to upgrade them before delivery.
The twin-engine MiG-29, codenamed Fulkrum by NATO, has been a mainstay of the Soviet and then Russian air force since the 1980s.
Kommersant said officials had determined that December's crash was caused by corrosion, the reason for which remained unclear. It quoted military industries official whom it did not identify as saying the reason is simply age and wear and tear.
Commenting on the Russian report, the well-informed sources told An Nahar that Lebanon could not turn a deaf ear to these reports.
Kommersant said an aircraft-making plant in Lukhovitsy near Moscow has struggled to meet the Indian order for a carrier-borne version of the MiG-29, producing only two such planes in the past few years.(Naharnet-AP)
BEIRUT: Safety concerns have been raised over a batch of Russian jets promised to Lebanon as part of a military aid package after a report revealed that a third of Russia's fleet of the planes are so corroded they cannot fly. Russia announced it would supply Lebanon with 10 MiG-29s as a gift during Defense Minister Elias Murr's visit to Moscow at the end of last year. At the time, Russia made a point of saying that the aircraft were not new and suffered differing degrees of wear, although it promised they would be modernized to "normal export standards."
The gift was welcomed by Lebanon's Defense Ministry as evidence of a new "professional military relationship" between the two countries.
But a report published in the Kommersant business daily quotes Russian defense and military sources as saying that more than a third of country's Mig-29s should be written off as obsolete because they are too rusty to take off without crashing.
"Russia's Defense Ministry for the first time recognized that around 200 of its MiG-29s are not just unable to cope with their combat tasks, but simply cannot take off," the report says.
The paper was published after two of the jets crashed in as many months last year, forcing the country to ground its entire fleet of the aircraft. Subsequent investigations revealed that 200 of about 500 MiG-29s were unsafe and the planes have been withdrawn from service for good.
Russian military officials say that the recent accidents involving the aircraft were caused by "the destruction of the keel in the air due to corrosion."
"Those fighter jets on which corrosion was not detected - and they make up approximately 30 percent of all jets - have been allowed to resume flights," a senior military officer told Kommersant.
The report will come as a blow to Moscow, which has been trying to re-establish itself as a global arms exporter on the back of its economic recovery.
The MiG-29 was designed in the 1970s to challenge the American-made F15 and F16 fighter jets, and had been considered one of the country's most potent military jets.
But the recent accidents involving the aircraft, which came months after Algeria returned a batch of 15 MiG-29s to Russia after discovering that they contained substandard parts, have undermined their reputation and the report has confirmed suspicions that many of the aircraft are in a state of disrepair.
A Defense Ministry source told The Daily Star that the 10 MiG-29s would be checked by Lebanese army officers before being shipped to Lebanon.
"We are waiting for an official agreement, which we are expecting in maybe two weeks," the source said. "After that, some army officers will go to check the planes and then they will begin their training in Russia."
After the pilots have been trained, the planes will be brought to Lebanon to bolster the country's meager airforce, which currently consists of five Hunter Hawker jets dating from the 1950s and 1960s and just over a dozen helicopters.
Lebanese political leaders have said they are open to future arms deals with Russia after Moscow said it was willing to send heavy weaponry to Lebanon for reduced prices.
MOSCOW -- A significant part of Russia's air force fleet has been grounded for two months after a MiG fighter lost its tail on a training flight, and a newspaper said Friday that at least a third of the nation's fighter jets are unsafe and should be written off or repaired.
(WAPA) - The Russian Air Force has resumed flights of MiG-29 Fulcrum fighters, grounded after a December 2008 crash in East Siberia that killed a pilot, a Defense Ministry official said on Wednesday.
Experts were currently attempting to find what caused the corrosion by conducting "Artificial aging" experiments with the remains of the tail units of the MiG-29 aircraft that crashed last year. (Avionews)
RUSSIA — A significant part of Russia’s air force fleet has been grounded for two months after a MiG fighter lost its tail on a training flight in December, and a newspaper said Friday that at least a third of the nation’s fighter jets are unsafe and should be written off or repaired. The MiG-29 crashed in southern Siberia on Dec. 5, killing its pilot. Another such plane crashed in the same area in October. The business daily Kommersant quoted an aircraft industries official who said the MiG fleet numbers 291. That would represent nearly half the Russian fighter jet fleet of 650.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - About one-third of all Russian fighter jets should be written off as obsolete because they are unable to fly, the Kommersant business daily reported on Friday, quoting defense ministry and military officials.
Russia grounded all of its MiG-29 fighter jets last December after two of the aircraft crashed near the same airfield in eastern Siberia in just as many months. One pilot died.
Flights of MiG-29s have resumed since then, but hundreds are simply too old even to take off, Kommersant said.
"Russia's Defense Ministry for the first time recognized that around 200 of its MiG-29s are not just unable to cope with their combat tasks, but simply cannot take off," the paper said.
The report could hit Russia's reputation as a leading arms exporter and undermine Kremlin attempts to project Russia as a revived military power.
Both of the MiG-29s that crashed in eastern Siberia had been in service since 1985, Kommersant wrote.
"The main cause of the crash of the MiG-29 aircraft was the destruction of the keel in the air due to corrosion," the paper quoted Lt.-Gen. Sergei Bainetov, head of the Defense Ministry's flight safety department, as saying.
ABOUT a third of all Russian fighter jets should be written off as obsolete, as they are unable to fly, the business daily, Kommersant, reported yesterday.
Russia grounded all of its MiG-29 fighter jets last December after two crashed near the same airfield in Siberia in as many months. One pilot died.
MOSCOW: The Russian air force says its fleet of MiG-29 fighter jets remains grounded while investigators try to determine the cause of a crash in early December.
A MiG-29 crashed in southern Siberia on Dec. 5 during a training flight and the pilot was killed. Another MiG-29 had crashed in the same area in October.
Air force spokesman Col. Vladimir Drik said Wednesday that December's crash occurred when a part of the jet's tail section broke off but the cause of that is still unclear. He said for that reason the ban on MiG-29 flights remains in force.
The twin-engined MiG-29 has been a mainstay of the Soviet and then Russian air force since the 1980s. Grounding of the jets has significantly reduced the air force's capability.
MOSCOW, Feb 6 (Reuters) - The following are some of the leading stories in Russia's newspapers on Friday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- The head of the Russian Technologies state holding, Sergei Chemezov, is seeking state support and state credit guarantees worth a total of $7,22 billion, the daily reports.
- Russia's Defence Ministry has admitted that about 200 aging MiG-29 fighter jets are not fit to fly, the daily reports.
MOSCOW - A significant part of Russia's air force fleet has been grounded for two months after a MiG fighter lost its tail on a training flight, and a newspaper said today that at least a third of the nation's fighter jets are unsafe and should be written off or repaired.
Air force spokesman Col. Vladimir Drik said today the ban on all MiG-29 flights will remain in place until the investigation ends.
The head of Sukhoi’s holding company, Mikhail Pogosyan, has taken the general director’s chair of the rival fighter manufacturer MiG Corp. with an aim to integrate the latter company into United Aircraft Corp.’s (UAC) combat aircraft division.
MiG — which has in its structure a design bureau, two serial manufacturing plants in Moscow and Lukhovitcy, and also the controls activity of engine manufacturers Chernyshev and Klimov — needs urgent financial recovery. A recent audit revealed that its debt amounted to roughly $1.5 billion, according to reported figures. The collapse of a $1.3 billion export deal with Algeria on deliveries of 28 MiG-29SMTs and six MiG-29UBTs, as well as a lack of domestic orders, heave created serious problems with the corporation’s cash flow.
One of Pogosyan’s new tasks is to improve MiG’s financial position prior to its inclusion into UAC. He also intends to integrate both fighter manufacturers, Sukhoi and MiG, into a single efficient structure, which will develop, manufacture and support combat aviation UAC products.
“Our aim is to gain [synergistic] effect through infrastructure ... optimization, manufacturing cost [cutting], single technical politics development [and] after-sales service improvement,” Pogosyan said in his inauguration speech at MiG. He retains his posts of vice president of UAC and Sukhoi general director.
The new appointment was supported by the government, which already decided to inject 15 billion rubles ($500 million) into its establishing capital fund. The Russian defense ministry recently signed a contract with MiG worth more than 20 billion rubles to acquire 28 MiG-29SMTs originally intended for Algeria, and is negotiating the purchase of the remaining MiG-29UBTs from this batch.
MOSCOW - The Russian Air Force will procure 34 MiG-29 fighter jets that were rejected last year by Algeria, which claimed the aircraft were assembled from used spare parts, Russian officials said.
"Procurement of these MiGs by the Russian Air Force confirms the high quality of these aircraft," a spokesman for the Rosoboronexport state arms export monopoly said Jan. 14.
Rosoboronexport attempted to sell 26 MiG-29SMT and six MiG-29UB light fighter jets to Algeria as part of the record arms export deal with the north African country, signed in March 2006. The MiG contract was worth almost $1.3 billion while the total deal amounted to $7.5 billion.
In March, Algeria returned the 15 fighters that had already been shipped there, saying the aircraft were assembled from used parts.
Yelena Fyodorova, a spokeswoman for RSK MiG, which produced the fighters, said Jan. 14 that company experts and specialists from the Russian Defense Ministry's scientific research institutes thoroughly examined the returned aircraft and found them in perfect condition.
A source in the Defense Ministry told the RIA Novosti state news agency Jan. 13 that the MiGs will be procured domestically under the 2009 state defense order. For several years, there was no domestic procurement of MiG fighters.
Mikhail Pogosyan, the general director of MiG's rival aircraft maker, Sukhoi, who was just appointed general director of MiG, promised he will work to include MiG fighters into the state defense order in 2009.
I just adore textile design and fabric art, and for a decade I have been planning a project to print my mandala designs. In the meantime, digital printing technology has greatly developed and become more affordable – so voila! Here is my first foray – a set of silk crepe de chine squares based on photographs of rockpools, from Bundeena in the Royal National Park, and the Mimosa Rocks National Park on the south coast. The work has been facilitated by Leisa Wake at Think Positive Prints, and the results are gorgeous, if I say so myself. I’m still in the process of organising branding / packaging / marketing for these pieces, so watch this space …
Well really, I shouldn’t be so flippant, because most people know that I’m a declared atheist (though with an interest in exploring a spiritual/metaphysical dimension of life). But hallelujah and praise the lord, my work is to appear in the Blake Prize for religious art this year. It’s a very well established prize and hard to be selected – I know because I have tried many times and only once previously succeeded, 12 years ago!
How could I resist entering with my Sacred/Profane series, from the Palimpsest exhibition, which layers sacred and mundane imagery to represent the accretions of ‘culture’.
Since our previous trip in 2015 was cut short, we have been planning to get back to the crazy/sane, beautiful/ugly, elegant/kitschy, techno/rustic conundrum that is Japan. So we finally got back there this winter (hot summer over there) and loved it all over again.
Producing visual art is a satisfying and addictive activity, but sharing it with the world and trying to cut through all the visual noise out there is an exercise in frustration. This inevitably cultivates festering self-doubt – ‘why would people want to see this stuff?’, ‘why should I add to all the visual rubbish in the world?’ and ‘isn’t this just an insanely narcissistic exercise?’. But those times when your work is judged to be included in competitive exhibitions feel like some kind of vindication.
Proposing, designing, producing and hanging an art exhibition is a fraught and lengthy process. It always seems so crazy that the eventual show seems to be over in the blink of an eye. Two weeks is not long to present work that has been over three years in development. But of course it is part of a lifelong process of producing creative work and, occasionally, showing it to others in the brief opportunities that are available.
It’s Australia Day, or Invasion Day, depending on your perspective. My photographic series, ‘Plenty’, is currently showing at Hazelhurst Gallery in Gymea as part of the ‘Palimpsest’ exhibition.
Together with Christopher Lawrie, I’ve put together images from travels in Australia, Europe and beyond to create this new series of work about to be unleashed! My work comprises photo-collages and compositions, Chris’s is video, print and installation. After all the work, it’s only on for a couple of weeks – but Hazelhurst is a lovely gallery and has a great cafe, so we hope lots of our friends will get to see it.
In June Chris and I made a journey to England (to visit his brother Bob), Wales (where I spent childhood holidays), France (re-visiting Provence) and Italy (re-visiting Umbria). Of course a thousand photographs ensued, and here is a selection. They have been waiting weeks for me to edit and caption them, and maybe I will do that soon, but in the meantime …
It’s been quite a year, with some life/death experiences that I wouldn’t wish on anyone, but … all part of real loving, feeling, hurting life.
Now, at last to my creative life! Some recent work being developed for a proposed exhibition has me hunting through images from travelling done over the last year – see my galleries for the Grampians, Japan and Europe.
National Works On Paper at Mornington Peninsula Regional Art Gallery is “one of Australia’s most prestigious awards and acquisitive exhibitions” for art created on or with paper. It’s a total privilege to have my work The Timeless Land/Wentworth (from my series The Timeless Land) selected for the show this year. The exhibition opens on July 16, and is open Tues-Sun until September 11.
Archives Select Month April 2018 March 2018 September 2017 April 2017 March 2017 January 2017 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 June 2015 May 2015 January 2015 November 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 April 2013 March 2013 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 May 2012 April 2012 October 2011 September 2011 June 2011 December 2010 August 2010 May 2010 December 2009 May 2009
The weather has been crazy so layers have been key and this is one of my favorite rompers that I found at Urban Outfitter maybe a year ago.
This article is from the October-November 2003 issue of International Viewpoint, the publication of the United Secretariat of the Fourth International, a worldwide organization of labor and socialist activists. The article has been edited for Labor Standard.
The author, an economics lecturer at the Catholic University of São Paulo, is a member of the coordinating body of the Socialist Democracy Tendency (composed of members of the PT identifying with the Fourth International). He has been a member of the PT since its foundation and is a former member of the PT’s national executive. This article is based on a draft resolution presented by the coordinating body of the Socialist Democracy Tendency for debate at its next conference.
Readers are also referred to an earlier article by João Machado, “The Two Souls of the Lula Government,” in the March 2003 issue of International Viewpoint (IV); this can be read on the IV web site.
After nine months in office, the government of Luis Inácio (Lula) da Silva has confirmed its contradictory and in many aspects even surprising character.
The biggest surprises are an economic policy that displays great continuity with that of the previous government, which the PT had opposed, and the assembly of a base of parliamentary and political support that incorporates almost all the existing right wing forces in the country. In fact, on the right, only the parties that formed the axis of the government of Fernando Henrique Cardoso (FHC), the Brazilian Social Democratic Party (PSDB) and the Liberal Front Party (PFL), continue in formal opposition; nonetheless, they have been partners of the Lula government in some of its more important initiatives, such as pension reform.
This does not denote incoherence on the part of the PSDB and the PFL, because the pension reform proposal presented by the Lula government followed the general lines of their own earlier proposal, which they had been unable to fully implement, largely because of opposition from the PT. On this question, the Lula government faced opposition from sectors of the social movements and, at the parliamentary level, mainly from the left wing of the PT and some of the other left parties.
On the other hand, the Lula government has maintained coherence with the historical program of the PT in international relations, agrarian reform, and some other areas. There have been important changes in these areas from the policies of the previous government, but they face difficulties, given the more general economic and political choices made by the government so far.
The great contradictions which exist make it difficult to draw a considered balance sheet of this process. In any case, it is important to try. Because of the weight that they have in the definition of the government’s overall policy possibilities, it is best to start the assessment from the general political options and the economic policy which has been adopted. The central core of the government opted to avoid a global confrontation with the dominant classes, whether national or international. More than this, they seek the maintenance of a degree of broad agreement with them. The political axis of the government has been to broaden alliances with the historical political adversaries of the PT, while preaching patience to the people in general and the social movements in particular.
This has led to a distancing from the text approved at the national meeting of the PT in December 2001 defined as the “democratic axis” of the party—to rely on social mobilization to make possible measures that would face resistance from the ruling classes, and to go in the direction of implementing mechanisms of participatory democracy. In fact, even though there are initiatives from the government and the social movements that can represent initial steps in this direction, as well as processes of consultation and debate in some areas that keep open channels of dialogue with society, this is not predominant. In fact, the government has not submitted its central choices—especially its economic policy—to any type of debate with the social movements and with society.
Macroeconomic policy has been characterized by continuity, and there are no consistent signs of search for a transition to another policy. The government has concentrated on fiscal austerity, mainly through increasing the “primary fiscal surplus”—the budgetary surplus before interest payments on the public debt. And it is fighting inflation by means of conservative policies (higher interest rates), seeking to win the “confidence” of the financial markets. This orientation helped stop the depreciation of Brazil’s currency, the real, and led to a sharp fall in inflation.
The risk of an immediate currency crisis has been averted. However, this is not essentially due to “confidence” in the Brazilian economy, as the government has proclaimed. It is largely due to the inflow of speculative capital, favored both by the general international trend of the last few months and by high Brazilian interest rates.
These results are then very precarious—in fact, the external dependence of the Brazilian economy has not been reduced at all. On the other hand, it is important to point out the serious negative consequences of these policies: a serious recession (at best, the result by the end of 2003 will be economic stagnation); increased unemployment (reaching an all-time high in August); and a fall in real income for workers and for society as a whole (all these facts are certified by different public statistics).
Moreover, the combination of an increased primary fiscal surplus with high interest rates implies a significant transfer of wealth to the holders of financial assets, in other words the wealthier sectors of society. The income of the overall population has fallen and, to make matters worse, wealth is becoming still more concentrated. Finally, fiscal austerity imposes great restrictions on all government policies.
The negative consequences of the Lula government’s economic policy will be hard to overcome. The maintenance of the increased primary fiscal surplus is foreseen for the entire term of President Lula, and compromises the capacity for public investment. The fall in the income of society inhibits private investment. Thus, even with a reduction of interest rates (which, given the fall in inflation, is part of the logic of the monetarist policies followed and would not indicate, by itself, a change in economic policy), economic recovery will tend to be limited—and will always be threatened by the permanence of external vulnerability.
As a result basically of the economic policy adopted, especially the attempt to win the “confidence” of the markets, pension reform has resulted in a particularly negative experience. The government plan encountered opposition from civil servants and the CUT (the main Brazilian trade union federation)—that is, social forces that had been decisive to Lula’s victory. Inside the PT, and in particular its active social base, the pension reform plan led to great discontent. This resulted in partial alteration of the plan, which reduced the extent of its damage, but it was insufficient to change its character. The draft can still be modified on the basis of discussion in the Senate, but no great changes are expected.
The most positive aspect of the government’s orientation so far has been its foreign policy. Beyond opposing the U.S. attack on Iraq and steps in the direction of establishing an independent foreign policy, there has been an attempt to construct South American unity, and also a front of the so-called “developing” countries, opposed to the interests of the imperialist centers, as was seen at the World Trade Organization (WTO) conference at Cancún.
Brazil is also opposing the U.S. position on the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA). Although the negotiations on this are continuing, the Lula government has sought to reduce the scope of the FTAA, saying that it could eventually accept an “FTAA-lite.” Such a modified version of the FTAA would not apply to matters that go beyond mere trade (such as regulation of government purchases and investments). So the Lula government has demanded important concessions from the U.S. However, given Brazil’s vulnerability to external financial pressure and the existence of divisions inside the government, it is not clear what the outcome of the process will be. Thus, the proposal for a public referendum on the FTAA, made by the Continental Campaign Against the FTAA, with the aim of rejecting the FTAA in its entirety, retains a burning relevance.
In opposition to the policy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, it is necessary to point out that there are aspects of international relations that are conducted by the Ministry of Finance (like relations with the IMF). There, a conservative position prevails. This recently led to a paradoxical situation—when the new Argentine president, Nestor Kirchner, negotiated an agreement that partly opposed the demands of the IMF, he enjoyed support from other Latin American heads of state, and even in the USA, but not from Lula. The press has divulged that Kirchner is dissatisfied with the extreme subservience of the Brazilian government at this level, which seems very likely. Lula has rejected criticism that he has accepted excessive interference from the IMF with the doubtful argument that the more controversial options—like the primary fiscal surplus of 4.25% of GDP—were decided on by the Brazilian government independent of IMF pressure.
In fact, it seems that a significant number of the more dubious decisions in economic policy have not been a result of IMF pressure. For example, there is currently a discussion on whether a new agreement with this institution is useful, and many sectors of the government have said that this would depend on having greater flexibility in the negotiation of conditions. They want to modify the method of calculating the primary fiscal surplus, to allow for greater public investment and more social expenditure (for example, paying for the lands redistributed in the framework of land reform with Agrarian Debt bonds; with the method currently used, this would be counted as an internal debt and would reduce the primary fiscal surplus). In this debate, finance minister Palocci has opposed any significant “flexibilization,” even if this would be accepted by the IMF. The inner group that decides Brazilian economic policy is, therefore, showing itself more orthodox and conservative than the IMF.
The conservatism of economic policy has been a significant obstacle to agrarian reform. On this question, the Ministry of Agrarian Development has, since the early days of the government, established a constructive relationship with the rural social movements and has sought a broad dialogue with society.
The Ministry of Agrarian Development, also known as the Ministry of Agrarian Reform, is headed by Miguel Rossetto, former vice-governor of the state of Rio Grande del Sul and a supporter of the Socialist Democracy Tendency of the PT. This ministry is independent of the Ministry of Agriculture, which is led by an official whose policies favor the large landowners, the “latifundists.” The Brazilian government, which is not responsible to parliament, does not hold cabinet meetings. Ministers are directly responsible to the president.
A new conception of agrarian reform is being developed, as well as of family and cooperative agriculture, integrated with a project of change of the economy and society. Immediately this involves aid to the settlements of landless peasants carried out under the Cardoso government, so as to ensure citizenship rights and overcome disorganization in production. Financing of the harvest for small producers, as well as the construction of alternatives that make the settlements economically viable, are the first concrete results of this process. Moreover, the government has committed itself to urgently settle about 60,000 families who are squatting. Finally, the Ministry of Agrarian Development has shown the determination to face down the criminal armed resistance of the large estate owners, who are organizing militias. It favors immediate and firm action to punish those responsible and prevent them from constituting a “latifundium state” in the Brazilian countryside. (“Latifundium” is a Latin term that means “large landholding; or large landed estate.”)
All these policies, however, come up against the budgetary restrictions imposed by the economic policy that has been chosen. For example, without the funds to pay large landowners for the expropriation of unproductive land, the commitment to settle 60,000 families could not be fulfilled.
Legislation inherited from preceding governments allows the possibility of “expropriating” lands which are “unproductive,” with the landowners being compensated in money or “agricultural debt bonds.” The latter are less profitable for the “latifundists,” the large landowners. The agreement with the IMF stipulates that the “primary fiscal surplus” should not be lower than 4.25% of the GDP, and the method of calculating the GDP includes these bonds as a debit from this surplus. This reduces the capacity of the Ministry of Rural Development and protects the latifundists.
There was also a problem of management. Following the replacement, in early September 2003, of the president of the INCRA (Instituto Nacional de Colonização et Reforma Agrária — the body of the Ministry directly in charge of agrarian reform) there was an acceleration of the establishment of settlements for the beneficiaries of agrarian reform. The figure of 60,000 families could probably be reached at the beginning of 2004. That does not mean that the process of agrarian reform is easy — it is not certain that the Ministry will dispose of the means to establish another 60,000 families in the budgetary year 2004, and even this figure is modest in relation to need. Several hundred thousand families are occupying lands and waiting to be settled.
This example, like others, has shown once more the contradiction between social change and the maintenance of basic aspects of the economic model inherited from FHC.
Another controversial question opposes the conception that prevails in the economic area to other sectors of the government - the question of genetically modified organisms (GMOs). The more conservative sectors of the government, prominently the Ministry of Agriculture, linked to the big agricultural producers, have defended the use of these organisms (in opposition to the policies previously defended by the PT as a whole). The Ministry of the Environment, the Ministry of Rural Development, the environmentalist movement, the social movements in the countryside (especially the MST—the Landless Workers Movement), the progressive sectors of the Catholic and Evangelical churches, the CUT trade union federation, and the broad majority of the PT are all opposed. The government has finally issued a Provisional Measure allowing the culture of genetically modified soya up to 2004 (repeating a procedure already adopted in the early days of the government, when the marketing of the harvest of illegally planted genetically modified soya was authorized). This measure has helped discredit the government in the eyes of the progressive social movements. It is possible that the vote on this question in Congress will lead to a significant confrontation between the position of the government and that of sectors of the PT.
This initial period of government reveals a “conflictual dynamic,” conflicting processes under way, both inside the government and in the relationship of the government to the social forces responsible for its election. The contradictions have become ever more clear. If the Lula government can in some cases be the partner of progressive movements, as happened at the WTO meeting in Cancún, it can also be clearly opposed to these movements, as in the case of pension reform and the dispute over GMOs. On other questions, such as agrarian reform, the government has had difficulties in fulfilling its commitments due to budgetary restrictions and conservative conceptions of economic policy. As a result, the rural social movements have begun to make their demands more forcibly.
Thus, at the center of these conflicting trends is the economic policy that maintains external vulnerability and imposes policies of adjustment governed by neoliberal logic. So far, it is this policy that has set the general tone of the government.
In this situation, the social movements have been obliged to seriously modify their behavior. The electoral defeat of neoliberalism, with the election of Lula, represented a victory for the trade union and popular movement, and renewed its possibilities of organization and mobilization. On the other hand, adverse social and economic conditions for the movement, above all unemployment, have continued and deepened. The political conditions have changed, but the fact that the Lula government is defending, and putting into practice, significant orientations that clash with the aspirations of the social movements, makes the picture more complex. A phase of expectation in the government is being transformed into another phase, which involves criticism of various policies and processes of unification and mobilization with the objective of pressuring the government and opposing its choices.
The recent establishment of the Coordination of Social Movements (by the CUT, the MST, the World March of Women, the UNE students’ union, and other bodies) is an important step in this direction. It was created on the basis of an understanding that a broad and unified popular mobilization alone can guarantee the conquests of the toiling classes. Most of the participant movements had already worked together in the campaign against the FTAA. This meant they already had a critical vision of the economic policy of the Lula government. A campaign for jobs was defined as the main initial joint action, since this struggle has greater potential for mobilization at this moment and makes greater unity possible. This new coalition, the Coordination of Social Movements, has a broad platform, including agrarian reform, national sovereignty, and recovery of the social role of the state.
There is, therefore, an important politicization of the social movements under way, having as its axis a redefinition of their role in relation to the government. To help develop this process in the direction of affirming the social movements as basic subjects in the conflict of orientation of society and government is one of the main tasks of the Brazilian left today. In fact, the unfavorable correlation of forces inside the government can only be modified by a strong social mobilization, defending an alternative set of policies.
The construction of a broader platform presenting society with a programmatic alternative has therefore a central importance at this moment. Some elements of this platform could be:
1/ Understanding that popular participation in political decision-making is a decisive element for the affirmation of a left government (participatory democracy is one of the axes of the “Guidelines of the Program for Government,” approved at the 12th National Meeting of the PT, which took place in late 2001 in Recife).
2/ An alternative economic policy. Since the beginning of the year many economists linked to the PT or the left have criticized the economic orientation of the government and defended an alternative strategy. This strategy also corresponds to ideas presented in the text of the “Guidelines” approved at the meeting of 2001 and in the “Program of Government” of 2002; it also corresponds, partially, to the “Strategic Orientation of the Plurianual Plan” proposed in June 2003 by the Ministry of Planning, which conflicts with the policies of the Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank. (However, the “Pluriannual Plan” does not have the same real weight as the concrete measures of economic policy adopted by the Finance Ministry and the Bank.) The central ideas of this alternative are:
a/ An understanding that the biggest problem of the Brazilian economy is its external vulnerability, the most acute aspect of economic dependency. This is the problem that must be faced in the first place, and it cannot be done by seeking to “win confidence” through bigger fiscal adjustments, which only increase dependency on the interests and moods of the financial markets. It is necessary, on the contrary, to establish controls on the movement of capital, among other measures.
Moreover, the question of the foreign debt has returned to the center of discussion. There was a statement made on September 1, 2003, by Celso Furtado, a leading Brazilian economist, in favor of declaring a moratorium on debt repayment and renegotiating the debt. There is the example given by Argentina in its renegotiation; and we have seen the publication of a study by the IMF itself (!) in mid-September, wherein the latter recognizes that “countries that declare a moratorium, like Argentina, have great possibilities of reducing the weight of their debt in relation to GDP and returning to growth in a relatively short period.” (The IMF study was quoted in Brazil’s largest daily paper, Folha de São Paulo, on September 12, 2003. A joke on the left has it that Finance Minster Palocci is about to break with the IMF because it is too left wing.)
b) A return to economic growth, through the reduction of interest rates and abandonment of the concept that gives a place of privilege to the “primary surplus.” This would make possible the reduction of unemployment (which would also require other specific policies) and increased incomes for workers. Therefore, it is the key to the reduction of poverty and social inequality. It must be combined with a bigger emphasis on development through the expansion of the domestic market, a traditional proposal of the PT (which appears in the “Strategic Orientation of the Pluriannual Plan, 2004–2007”). In other words, it is necessary to emphasize the search for a national project of development, as the PT has always done.
c) A national project of development is not counterposed to the deepening of relations with the countries of Latin America and others in a similar condition to Brazil. This aspect of the foreign policy of the Lula government is important, and must be strengthened. On the other hand, any project of development is (by its very nature) counterposed to the FTAA.
3/ Defense of agrarian reform and a new agricultural model as conditions for a democratic and popular project of development.
The agrarian question is a contemporary question that has still not been resolved from the point of view of popular interests. The worsening social, economic, and environmental problems in the countryside show the necessity for a new agricultural model, which must involve a deep modification in the agrarian structure and the development of programs of support for production and the marketing of family agriculture and the settlements established through agrarian reform. The “Harvest Plan for Family Agriculture” presented recently by the federal government represents an important positive measure in the strengthening of a sector that will come to have a still more central role in Brazilian agriculture.
Resolving the agrarian question, integrating it into a project of development supported by the domestic market, therefore involves the implementation of a broad agrarian reform on new bases. This should promote the democratization of access to land, power, and income, the universalization of basic rights for an important part of the population that lives and works in the Brazilian rural milieu, a more balanced occupation of territory, and the preservation of the environment, besides fulfilling a basic role of guaranteeing sovereignty in food and dynamizing the regional economy. The defense of agrarian reform is also a profound challenge to the neoliberal inheritance and the more conservative sectors of Brazilian society. The agrarian counter-reform carried out by FHC sought to criminalize the social movements [among the rural poor] and deprive them of legitimacy, disqualifying land occupations by the landless or localizing them in isolated areas, while policies of support for production and marketing were not developed.
An active commitment to agrarian reform implies a broad militant solidarity with the MST (Movimento Sem Terra—the landless rural workers movement), and the many movements like it, such as CONTAG, which carry out a democratic and civilizing role, and it implies strengthening social pressure to confront the large estate owners and their militias, symbols of backwardness and promoters of violence. Among the tasks necessary to develop this commitment are the construction of a new model of agrarian reform, expropriating land in areas with already existing infrastructure, concentrating settlements, and transforming them into spaces guaranteeing quality of life and production. This model must also integrate family and cooperative agriculture with structures of marketing and agro-industrial processing capable of constituting a new agricultural model that is economically efficient, socially just, and sustainable from the environmental point of view.
The election of Lula in 2002 was part of a growing rejection of the neoliberal agenda in diverse regions of the world. However, the main measures of economic policy of its first months of government clash, to a large extent, with the expectations and yearnings of the broad worldwide resistance to neoliberal globalization.
This worldwide movement has been expressed in the mobilizations against the multilateral organizations, in the World Social Forum, the World March of Women (which has a strong organization in Brazil), the International Network of Social Movements, the Continental Campaign against the FTAA, the Continental Social Alliance, Via Campesina, and the Coordination of Trade Union Centers of the Southern Cone. The reinforcement of these international initiatives, bringing to the national plane the worldwide dimension of these challenges, and connecting national struggles with regional and worldwide campaigns, constitutes the embryo of a new internationalism that will be able to stimulate struggles throughout the world and to strengthen the popular initiatives of the Brazilian left. In this form, it can strengthen the more progressive positions taken at the international level by the Lula government.
The conquest of the federal government by the PT opened a new stage in the trajectory of the party. Its ability to realize the hopes constructed in struggle and the conquest of the Presidency of the Republic is at stake, as is the ability of the PT to remain faithful to its own program for the transformation of Brazilian society in the direction of the socialism. The initial period of government places a serious question mark over this program.
The conception of government that prevails implies a relationship in conflict with the social base of the PT. The alliances made are in contradiction with the program of government defended in the electoral campaign; we are not witnessing a process of democratization of the public administration, of a popular character. On the other hand, in foreign policy, agrarian reform, and other areas measures are being taken that correspond to the historical positions of the PT. A contradictory process is developing in the PT, among its deputies and in its social base. Support for defense of the party program and its democratic and active functioning is growing.
The “Guidelines” approved at the 12th National Meeting in December 2001, and the “Program of Government” approved in June 2002, constitute an elaboration which is limited, but very important, for they present the official point of view of the party. The left of the PT must make this elaboration a starting point for the debate on the orientation of the government; in this form, it renews the thread of the trajectory of the PT, and rests on the legitimacy of the positions taken in the party’s meetings.
The government, in its present form, does not exhaust the possibilities of the party. The roots of the movement that constructed the PT over the past 23 years are deep, and they lie in the working class and the people. The history of the construction of the PT is a history of social, political, and cultural struggles in Brazilian society, and also a history of internal disputes. There are strong arguments to reaffirm that this process continues:
A/ The trajectory of the PT is that of the social classes and social sectors that the PT seeks to represent and that feel themselves represented by the PT;
Thus, it is not correct, on the basis of the orientation of the Lula government in the first nine months, to conclude that the game is over, as if the options taken expressed in a homogenous manner the entire movement and indicated its entire future; as if there were not contradictions and forces which move in relation to them. The PT has just experienced a time of crisis, and it will continue to develop thus for a period that is not possible to predict today. Fundamental confrontations face us, whether questions of government or those relating to party activity (elections in 2004, renewal of the party leadership and meetings in 2005).
Understanding the depth of the current crisis does not have to lead to the conclusion that it is impossible to overcome it, with support from within the PT and from the multiple conflicts that develop in society. It is necessary to critically examine which alternatives are in gestation from this environment. The precipitate exit of small fragments of the PT to join the PSTU could not constitute an alternative. This possibility would not correspond minimally to the historical meaning of the PT since its creation.
The United Socialist Workers Party (PSTU) originated in 1992 with a split from the PT by the Socialist Convergence tendency (a Trotskyist current identified with “Morenism”—that is, a current influenced by the ideas and organizational practices of the eccentric Argentine Trotskyist leader, Nahuel Moreno, now deceased). This split occurred after the first PT Congress, at which a settlement among the internal tendencies of the PT was adopted (which Socialist Convergence did not accept), and before the 8th National Meeting (June 1993), at which the left of the PT for the first time obtained more representatives than the moderate current (led by Lula) in the leadership of the party.
A little after this split some activists (who were among the fiercest partisans of leaving the PT) left the PSTU and formed the CST (Corrente Socialista dos Trabalhadores — a small tendency, primarily present in the states of Rio Grande do Sul and Pará), which returned to the PT. In the course of 2002, the CST split, the wing based in Rio Grande do Sul forming the MES (Movimento de Esquerda Socialista) after fusing with a local trade union current. The MES and CST are best known through the positions of the federal deputies Luciana Genro (MES) and João Batista Babá (CST), who are being threatened by the PT majority. The MES and CST have now begun the construction of a movement to form another party (provisionally called the PTS — Socialist Workers Party), while deciding to establish it only after the expected expulsion of Luciana and Babá. Because of an orientation which had led it to isolate itself from the left of the PT, the MES split in 2003. Whether the new party will be formed in common with the PSTU is not yet settled and divergences seem to exist inside the potential components. For now this process concerns at most a few thousand people, while the PT has more than 100,000 members.
At the moment, what is necessary is to bring the forces of the left together to intervene in the same direction, knowing that the processes going on inside the PT are contradictory and can have more than one outcome. The fight for the PT as a socialist and democratic party is not settled. On the basis of this evaluation, the Socialist Democracy tendency has defended the construction of a broad left current in the PT, with the capacity to formulate programmatic contributions, to intervene in the central conflicts under way, and to address the whole social movement around the PT and the experience of the Lula government, opposing its strategic choices.
A battle against the transformation of the PT into a transmission belt for governmental decisions is necessary; to fight to reestablish a party process based on the program of the party (it is this, and the decisions of the party’s meetings, that must be the basis for party unity) and on internal democracy. A basic aspect of this fight is opposition to the disciplinary measures that are taken or proposed by the majority of the PT leadership, and in particular the struggle against the threats of expulsion of left PT members of parliament. Such punishment cannot be considered legitimate on the basis of votes for positions long defended by the party, including in the last electoral campaign, positions that have been modified by the majority of the leadership without a broad and democratic debate.
The Lula government’s disciplinary measures have succeeded for now, in the sense that the majority of the PT’s parliamentary group voted in favor of pension reform in the Chamber of Deputies, although only as the result of a “block vote” being imposed, along with threats against deputies opposed to the pension reform plans. Twenty-four PT federal deputies voted for the proposals, but made a public declaration that they did so solely to respect the “block vote” decision of the party, while three deputies voted against and eight abstained (which under the rules for approval of a constitutional amendment, was the same as a vote against). During the second vote, the procedure was repeated, with the difference that one of those who previously abstained voted against.
Currently there is the threat of expulsion of Senator Heloísa Helena (a supporter of the Socialist Democracy Tendency) and three federal PT deputies (who voted against pension reform). Also eight federal deputies were recently suspended from the PT’s parliamentary group for 60 days (the seven who abstained during the two votes and the deputy who abstained on the first vote and voted against during the second). This suspension represented a setback for the majority of the PT executive, who had announced before the vote that those who voted against or abstained were heading for expulsion from the party. The suspended deputies appealed against this measure to the National Leadership of the PT, which was to meet on October 25–26. At this meeting the proposals for expulsion were also to be voted on.
It is important to be clear that the debate on the PT’s orientation cannot today be made only through internal quarrels. This should be a debate in the broad political and social movement for which the PT is a reference. The PT, in the broad sense, brings together what it most expressive of the Brazilian left, the result of more than twenty years of democratic and social struggles, having the PT as a central reference point. It is necessary to participate in the process from inside, with an alternative overall vision to that of the current majority of the leadership, presenting solutions that answer the problems we face.
The arrival in government means that the politics of the party majority are being tested much more quickly, as in the case of the economic policy. The process of debate on orientation has undergone a great acceleration, and has a dynamic of greater interlacing of party issues and social struggles. There is a greater politicization of the movements and more informed social classes (in which a critical vision of the government has grown rapidly).
There is more than one possible outcome to all this. The perspective that best orients a left intervention is that of fighting for a socialist reconstruction of the PT. It is also that which best corresponds to the new political situation. Marked by the growth of conflicts and social mobilizations, the situation at the present juncture cannot be considered as decisive.
The construction of the PT as a democratic and socialist party was the strategic element that allowed the growth of the left in Brazil. It is necessary to fight to reconstruct this project. If we were to make the contrary choice, the risk of fragmentation of the left would become dominant, and the way would be opened for other regressions in the political and social struggle. The left of the PT can intervene in the processes of debate on orientation in the party with the legitimacy of those who defend the historical and strategic project of the PT—the project of a democratic and socialist party. This perspective allows the construction of a broad left current as a socialist pole of reference.
It’s no secret that Costa Rica has a healthy abundance of great birding just about everywhere one goes but but some places stand out for the avian attractions they offer. One such place is the general vicinity of La Gamba, a small village in southwestern Costa Rica. I have had some nice birding there on […]
biodiversity, Introduction, Pacific slope, preparing for your trip, south pacific slope 1 Comment, join up »
As luck would have it, very few of the 2013 Costa Rican Christmas counts landed on dates that worked into my schedule. However, as luck would also have it, the one that did fit in was the Osa Christmas Count. This exciting day long survey of all things avian took place on December 20th and […]
Birding Costa Rica, birding lodges, birds to watch for in Costa Rica, Introduction, Osa Peninsula, Pacific slope No comments yet, be the first »
As in other countries where the holiday tradition takes place, Christmas Counts are happening in Costa Rica. La Selva, Cartago, and Arenal have all had counts this year and as chance would have it, I have missed them all. Nevertheless, I was happy to hear that 70 plus birders participated in the Arenal count and […]
biodiversity, Birding Costa Rica, birding lodges, Christmas Counts, Introduction, preparing for your trip 1 Comment, join up »
I took a second class bus from the bowels of San Jose up and over Cerro de la Muerte (” mountain of death”) to the frontier-like southwestern lowlands of Costa Rica to get to my destination. It was ten hours on the bus, two of which involved slamming our way over a section of remote road that was seriously afflicted […]
This past weekend, I did some guiding and birding down at the Esquinas Rainforest Lodge in Costa Rica near the Osa Peninsula. It was the first time I got the chance to go birding in the area and I would go back in a second. I wouldn’t go back there because the birding was spectacular […]
Copyright © 2018 Costa Rica Living and Birding All rights reserved. Amazing Grace theme by Vladimir Prelovac.
In the "new retail concept" power in 2018, everything can be "zero", the time is no exception.Concept of the hotel, this is the hour room with the idea of time sharing accommodation, this one is similar to the hour room, but more take the initiative to the guest accommodation.
Some people say that since the OTA and sales will have a hotel reservation IT completely flat Taiwan side, also has a complete sales channel laid, change of hotel room sales model may be a new growth point of change.To be specific, the patterns of timeshare hotel hotel room will be a major breakthrough of the change.And it can be a good business?Still need to linger over.
Traditional hotel sales model, based on fixed full-time home access to the customer sales.In general, are then check-in, check-out day 12:00.Many consumer scenario, customers for the hotel consumption demand "hard" is only a certain period of time.Traditional full-time hotel sales mode cannot meet the needs of customers.For offline hotel, will be 24 hour access pack sell houses, often cause rear cubicle accumulation, the vacancy rate increase.
And a timeshare hotel room accommodation can satisfy consumers more for one time use hotel room.If according to the traditional model, consumers in the hotel for the time all day, which may have 16 hours is invalid, the user will undoubtedly add to the unnecessary spending.By time sharing accommodation, after the guest check in hotel, by the hour, if less than a day, the remaining time will no longer reset, can be used the next settlement.
And for offline hotel, full-time sales mode will cause a higher proportion of housing vacancy rate.By time sharing accommodation mode, the user can according to their wishes, purchase period of actual demand.For example, the night before 9 a.m. to 9 o 'clock the next morning, and for the rest of the hotel can sell again, used for other consumption scenarios.Consumers get more affordable and accurate product consumer experience, offline hotels will have a more flexible control room vacant position, increase the rate of room rent out.
Can say, from full-time room sales model refinement to timeshare sales model, represents the living travel demand from the traditional to the fragments of illicit close space requirements during the transition.
In fact, time-sharing mode in foreign countries is not new to lodge in.Recharge, Dayuse and Hotelsbyday start-up companies in the United States launched a short-term rental business hotel.Among them, the Recharge in April this year also won the airline JetBlue an investment.Is the accommodation pattern but points are rare in China, but also has been sadly arisen.
"Refers to the chongqing business circle" platform combined multiple hotels launched accommodation mode is a kind of more scientific than traditional accommodation and a fairer way.Will be effected according to the day as the unit calculation model in upgraded to a paid by the hour as the unit in time-sharing mode, consumers to purchase a certain time after be being entered, the rest of the time will be accumulated, not use up is not reset, continue to use the next time.If the guest at 10 o 'clock in the evening, the second day early in the morning at 8 o 'clock check-out, 14 hours you can keep the rest the next consumer use, will greatly save the cost of the consumers.
In yichang, and it is the hotel to the pattern.Time-sharing check-in can scan code to handle already, also can be dealt with through SMS directly, there will be a dynamic countdown, display start check-in time and automatic check-out from stores such as button, on the other hand, there is the "current room minimum X hours".
In addition to the hotel, some platforms are also trying to piece of the pie.A group called "sleep" is a platform for your reservation of billing by the minute, the user can through the APP booking hotel, near billing and according to the actual check in time according to the minutes.In 2017, the platform has been in more than 80 hotels, room number more than 4000 rooms.
Time-sharing accommodation to the hotel, ask a guest to stay in or on the control of the vacancy rate is good.
From offline merging of hotel resources, the PMS (Property Management System, the hotel Management System) data service resources, regional exclusive offline promotion of jagged, seemingly large online hotel reservation in the market, actually has been divided the titans.
With OTA love killed, hotel on OTA no profit, not on OTA no customers.The hotel industry has been kidnapped by OTA platform, deliver high commissions at the same time also bears the long terms.Hotel from traditional service industry was changed into commodity circulation, OTA platform differentiation become homogeneity.
OTA is "traffic patterns" guide to guest loyalty to web site only, no loyalty to the hotel itself, even if meets the loyalty of hotel guests, he will also go to OTA order or pay the price of OTA to the stores only.
The time-sharing hotel is based on the "stock" model, by implementing the business electronically store, to help the hotel to build their own customer system and marketing channels, improve hotel after living rate, increase the cost of customer give up, let customers naturally again back to the hotel, let the hotel especially independent hotels have independence and big platform competition ability.
The price of the room, the same star hotel, with regional basic same price range;Room decoration hardware equipment, bed, pillow, electrical appliances, almost all hotel room hardware is roughly homogeneity;Location advantage, with lots of competition between the hotel and there is no advantage.Homogeneity of the hotel environment, time-sharing accommodation in charge to provide differentiated competitive mode and the service level.
Guests check-in check-out by means of online booking, convenient hotel for the first time to determine the vacant rooms have empty time, will be able to arrange repair as soon as possible, let the guest room accommodation frequency high-speed flow.
For years, tales of DRAGONS from another world kidnapping and enslaving humans have been circulating in Jason Masters' world, while for a slave girl named Koren, the stories of a human world seem pure myth. Together, these two teens will need to bridge two planets in order to overthrow the draconic threat and bring the lost slaves home. The Time Has Come As the long-awaited invasion of human forces looms, Jason, Koren, and Elyssa struggle to alert the soldiers to an unforeseen menace on the planet of Starlight ---a deadly illness that already has Koren in its grip. Starlighter Cassabrie harbors a secret she believes can counter the dragon king Taushin's latest maneuverings, but she can disclose little of her risky plan. As Cassabrie fights to save her people, the dragon Magnar works to move the Starlight prophecy in his favor. His actions could make the plight of humans even more perilous. Wishing only to free the slaves and bring peace, a few young warriors are poised to face three armies as they battle for control of two worlds. Can love, faith, and courage be enough? Will Cassabrie be humanity's last hope?
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Bellaire City Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Upward Mobility’s MCSA / MSCE 70-270 Windows XP Exam Prep app for the iPhone and iPod Touch is perfect to help you achieve the valuable Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator or Systems Engineer certification. This app contains a targeted curriculum of 106 simulated exam questions written by certified experts to help you succeed.
In our 70-270 module, each question is paired with a clear and insightful explanation with a Key Takeaway that ensures comprehensive understanding of the material. Key Takeaways also support the answer with important insights on how to practically apply the knowledge in the real world situations you’ll find in your professional life.
Our apps are designed with an exclusive intuitive UI. They provide a Study Mode, where questions are paired with clear explanations and the user can proceed at their own pace, as well as a Test Mode designed to simulate the exam experience, where the user can set question and time restraints and their results are presented to them upon completion in both an aggregate and a question-by-question format.
Upward Mobility is an independent test preparation and management education apps company that creates high quality material that is witty and engaging, perfect for on-the-go students and ambitious professionals. All of our content is developed exclusively for Upward Mobility by subject matter expert writers and undergoes a thorough review process.
Customer satisfaction is our top priority, and if you have any questions or comments or are unsatisfied with our products in any way, please contact us at info@upwardpro.com and we will do our best to help you.
We are a double bottom line company that is committed to education in the developing world. Some of the profits will be used to deploy education via mobile phone in emerging countries to improve their total factor productivity growth.
sorry. where I can buy rear seat (バック ステップ その後). you can pass the email address of the seller or website? thank you very much.
I often have trouble styling this dress because, with its nondescript browny-purple hue, it doesn't really work with black accessories. I've also struggled to find outfits that work with knee- or thigh-high socks, but yesterday I magically threw this together and realised on my way out the door that this brown and black Mimco bag tied it all together perfectly. I'm pretty proud of myself.
Presented pictures and descriptions are property of Scrap.com.pl. Copying, processing (including translations), publishing or distributing without permission is prohibited.
critical rotating speed of a mill . critical speed of ball mill calculation - small ball mill, Critical rotation speed for ball-milling - ScienceDirect ball mills usually operate at 65% to 75% of the critical speed Ball Mills are generally used to grind .
How did you derived the formula for the critical speed of the ball mill? ... Grinding & Classification Circuits. ... grinding-mills#grinding_mill_rpm_8211_rotating_speed.
rotation and, therefore, exerting ... The critical speed of a ball mill is calculated as 54.19 divided by the square root of the radius in feet. The rotational speed ...
formula for critical speed of rotation of a ball mill 4.6 - 4337 Ratings ] The Gulin product line, consisting of more than 30 machines, sets the standard for our industry.
A ball mill consists of a hollow cylindrical shell rotating about its axis. ... of critical speed. Critical speed can be understood as that speed after which the ...
At critical speed of rotation, ball mill rotates at . Discussion; Sravanthi -Posted on 07 Oct 15 The material to be disintegrated is tumbled in a container along with wear resistant solid balls in ball milling method.
Critical rotation speed for ball-milling - where D is the inner diameter of a jar and r is the radius of balls. All throughout, they used the critical rotation speed ...
The critical speed of the mill, & c, is defined as the speed at which a single ball will just remain against the wall for a full cycle. At the top of the cycle =0 and
The effect of Ball Mill RPM speed going from sub-critical to super-critical helps understand the Ball Mill Working Principles of ball-on-ball VS ball-on-shell grinding. The Motion of the Ball Charge
Critical rotation speed for ball-milling - ScienceDirect. Critical rotation speed of dry ball-mill was studied by experiments and by numerical simulation using Discrete Element Method (DEM). ...
A Ball Mill Critical Speed (actually ball, rod, AG or SAG) is the speed at which the centrifugal forces equal gravitational forces at the mill shell's inside surface and no balls will fall from its position onto the shell.
The Intermittence Ball Mill rotating speed is named critical speed once the outmost layer balls just rotate with all the barrel, nor fall. ... Derivation Of Critical ...
A cement mill (or finish mill in ... There exists a speed of rotation (the "critical speed") at which the contents of the mill would simply ride over the roof of the ...
Our combined experience in ball mill design and process equipment development totals more than 60 years and allows us to put a unique spin on steel and lined mills.
A Ball Mill grinds material by rotating a cylinder with steel or ceramic grinding balls, causing the balls to fall back into the cylinder and onto the material to be ground. Ball Mills have been successfully run at speeds between 60 and 90 percent of critical speed.
Mill Speed - Critical Speed Mill Speed No matter how large or small a mill, ball mill, ceramic lined mill, pebble mill, jar mill or laboratory jar rolling mill, its rotational speed is important to proper and efficient mill operation.
Critical rotation speed of dry ball-mill was studied by experiments and by numerical simulation using Discrete Element Method (DEM). The results carried out by both methods showed good agreement.
The "Critical Speed" for a grinding mill is defined as the rotational speed where centrifugal forces equal gravitational forces at the mill shell's inside surface. This is the rotational speed where balls will not fall away from the mill's shell.
Critical rotation speed of dry ball-mill was studied by experiments and by numerical simulation using Discrete Element Method (DEM). The results carried out by both methods showed good agreement ...
This formula calculates the critical speed of any ball mill. Most ball mills operate most efficiently between 65% and 75% of their critical speed.
ball mill rotating critical speed. Customized products and complete solutions. Cement mill - Wikipedia. A cement mill (or finish mill in North American usage) is the ...
A Ball Mill Critical Speed of rotation is the speed Ball mills have been successfully run at speeds between 60 and 90 percent of critical speed, Chat With Sales.
ball mill calculation critical speed; ... Bearings and gearbox vibration are fundamental issues for rotating machines in many industrial applications. These are ...
Animalli.com - 2015 © - Animal Wallpapers for Desktop And Mobile Background Picture! Every wallpaper is copyrighted by its respective owner. Did you find a violation? Don't forget to contact us, we'll remove it as soon as possible.
Animalli.com - © 2016 - Animal Wallpapers for Desktop And Mobile Background Picture! All images found here are believed to be in the 'public domain'. We do not intend to infringe any legitimate intellectual right, artistic rights or copyright. Did you find a violation? Don't forget to contact us, we'll remove it as soon as possible.
Shop for Nursery Furniture in Baby and browse Cribs, Rocking Chairs, Changing Tables, Baby Bedding and Nursery Lighting at Walmart and save. If you're looking for baby furnture, bedding or any other decor for your baby's room,. Cribs. Mattresses. Changing Tables. Mobiles. Rocking & Gliding Chairs. Shop hundreds of Walmart baby cribs deals at once. […]
SwaddleMe Good Vibes Vibrating Crib Wedge $29.53. With the Lulla-Vibe Vibrating Mattress Pad, you and baby will have peaceful nights and sweet dreams. Helps infants comfortably transition from inclined sleepers to the crib; 3-speed vibration with 15, 30, 45 auto-off and handle that wraps around crib slats to . The only under-mattress vibration system designed for […]
Straight from Shark Tank, it's the Tranquilo Mat! This vibrating foam pad helps soothe crying babies! Has. â€œThis little pumpkin LOVES sleeping on her Tranquilo Mat. she switched to her crib and we were putting the Tranquilo Mat, which has variations of vibrations, . Tranquilo Mat as Seen on Shark Tank. $119.99. . Tranquilo's lightweight vibrating […]
Say goodbye to sleepless nights with Munchkin's award-winning Lulla-Vibeâ„¢ Vibrating Mattress Pad for babies. The pad easily slips under a crib mattress or . Say goodbye to sleepless nights with Munchkin's award-winning Lulla-Vibe Vibrating Mattress Pad for babies. The pad easily slips under a crib mattress or . Amazon.com : Tranquilo Mat: Portable Soothing Vibrating Baby Mat […]
We've made it easy to choose the best toddler travel bed or travel crib in 2018 for when you're traveling to keep your little one is safe. Includes a comparison . If you have a baby or an older kids, whether to buy a travel crib or a toddler travel bed may be a straight forward […]
Find a range of portacots at low prices at Target. Free Click + Collect on all orders over $20. Free delivery on orders over $80. Make being Out & About with Baby easy! Find your Portable Cots & Bassinets at Australia's Largest Baby Superstore, Baby and Toddler Town. Enquire Online. We only offer the best […]
This blue children's cot is manufactured from powder coated steel and moulded plastic ends, with rounded edges. It has a moisture resistant wipe clean surface . Babystart Travel Cot ( Argos Â£25 ) with separate folding foam mattress ( Â£16.99 Amazon) both in very good condition as rarely used for sleepovers at Granny's . Buy Thick Travel […]
Irwan Rachman © 2018. We do not claim ownership of any content on this site and respect to its creator. Frontier Theme
You can now save time spent logging in by connecting your WordPress.com account to @ Alt World Studios.
Welcome to the web page for the Askancity Podcast. Dan and Eric talk about celebrities, science, technology, health, and whatever else might cross their high functioning but cross-wired brains. Experience the askancity.
In 2016, as it has done over the past several years, OMK continued to implement its chosen strategy, aimed at expanding the company and strengthening its position in the industry.
Our objective is to become the key supplier of integrated solutions for the oil and gas industry and the most efficient metals business in Russia. This model is based on the expansion of our own modern products, including importsubstitution products, which meet the strictest requirements of current and prospective customers.
Applying an integrated approach: we pay significant attention to environmental protection, occupational safety, and improving working conditions
We procure raw materials and components by establishing mutually profitable long-term relationships with suppliers that offer an optimum price-quality ratio
We develop reliable long-term relationships with consumers, using a long-term formula pricing system that ensures reliable company revenue
We have a predictable order filling chain — from raw materials to delivery of the product to the consumer — with minimum process losses
We maintain a reliable company debt-to-income ratio (debt/EBITDA), which ensures that we can reliably meet our obligations and are attractive to creditors
We are creating safe working conditions for staff and contractors and are constantly striving to reduce the environmental impact of our operations.
The company complies unwaveringly with all legal requirements and adheres to the principles of ethical behaviour in its interactions with internal and external interested parties, following the principles of accountability and transparency in our operations
The situation in the sectors where OMK operates remains difficult: major pipeline projects are being delayed, demand continues to fall, and difficult new challenges are arising. Nevertheless, in 2016 OMK undertook a number of projects aimed at putting the company’s long-term strategy into practice, specifically: expanding existing production, developing new, in-demand products, and improving efficiency.
The businesses within United Metallurgical Company completed an annual production system audit cycle in accordance with the method employed by the Japanese company Toyota. According to the results, all OMK plants have made progress in comparison with the first audit conducted a year ago.
VSW received the highest score. For this, the plant was awarded a bronze medal for developing its production system according to the Toyota principles, becoming the first metals company in the world to be honoured with this award. The acknowledgement of VSW’s achievements by the Japanese company once again confirmed the plant’s operating efficiency and the high quality of its products.
To improve the efficiency of the core business and concentrate on new projects, last year OMK sold off non-core and unprofitable businesses and assets.
The company sold an American asset, the OMK Tube welded pipe production plant and associated finishing shops in Houston, USA, to the South Korean company SeAH Steel. The business had faced falling sales from late 2014 onwards due to the drop in oil prices and the decrease in oil production in the US. In view of the changes in market conditions and the continuing uncertainty on the US pipe market, we made the logical decision to sell the asset.
OMK continues to develop new applications for its steel and to seek out customers for this type of product. One step forward in fulfilling this strategy was obtaining a TUV certificate, making it possible to supply S275N and S355N sheets after normalizing rolling in accordance with European standard EN 10025-3 for export orders from customers in construction and heavy industry.
Construction of a new tubing production section and a casing finishing centre began at VSW, which will enable the company to enter the segment of diameters exceeding 245 mm.
A project was implemented at VSW to construct a section for the application of polyurethane foam insulation to 219–1,067 mm diameter pipes.
VSW launched production of complex pipes for the Nord Stream 2 project, pipes resistant to hydrogen sulphide cracking made of grade 13KhFA steel, and high-strength pipes with monolayer coating
In response to market demand, VSW began production of thinwalled pipes, 51 mm in diameter with wall thickness of 2.5 mm, made of carbon steels in accordance with GOST 10705-80. A batch of pipes was shipped to a customer, who confirmed the high quality of the product.
In line with the plan to expand the product range, the production of grade 05KhGB steel oil and gas pipes and tubes (including 159-mm-diameter pipes), casings of strength group ‘L’, and round and hollow sections made of grade С345 steel was developed.
VSW began production of several new types of hollow sections, including some made of S235JRH steel in accordance with DIN 10219. Around 1,800 tonnes of these products were sold to non-CIS countries.
OMK launched a project to localize in Russia the production of special-purpose ball valves for the gas industry up to 1,400 mm in diameter and designed for pressure up to 42 MPa. These are currently imported. For this purpose, the Ural Special Valves Plant (UZSA) was founded and commissioned in close cooperation with the Trubodetal plant at its industrial site, following the company principle of developing synergies between businesses and improving efficiency. The full-cycle production of ball valves for special conditions is planned for 2018–2019, with maximum localization over the subsequent few years.
The Blagoveshchensk Valves Plant developed new sizes of wellhead valves and sixth-generation downhole pressure safety valves with increased capacity. The plant is constantly optimizing the existing designs of wedge gate valves and check valves to improve their specifications.
As part of its programme to improve efficiency, OMK signed a contract with Metalloinvest to supply steel billets for solid railway wheels. The 455-mm-diameter round cast billets will be produced at the Ural Steel complex owned by Metalloinvest and shipped to VSW. The contract runs until the end of 2027.
During 2015 and 2016, VSW prepared to transition from the use of its own open-hearth billets to continuously cast billets. Test lots of wheels were produced, the required certification was conducted, and the installation of modern saw complexes continues.
Chusovoy Metallurgical Works retooled its equipment. Technical, marketing and pre-sales work was done to enter the market with its own Springer brand of springs for foreign vehicles
As part of the localization programme, agreements were reached with world leaders in automobile manufacturing to supply test lots of Chusovoy springs to Ford Motors, BPW and Hyundai Motors assembly lines.
Fifty-one new types of spring product were launched, including 16 for automotive plants and 31 for foreign vehicles.
To meet customers’ needs, the Trubodetal plant built and commissioned a section for the application of internal anti-corrosion coating on small- and medium-diameter pipeline parts.
Key projects focused on expanding production and developing new products with improved properties, and were implemented at VSW and the Trubodetal plant.
Constructing a high-tech finishing centre for casings 139.7–426.0 mm in diameter for the oil and gas sector
Organizing a section for producing tubing, casings, and oil and gas pipes and tubes 60–178 mm in diameter
Constructing VSW’s own shop for the application of internal anti-corrosion coatings for 114–530 mm pipes in the third pipe section
Modernizing the production of stamped and welded pipeline parts to conform to altered technical requirements
Optimizing the chemical composition of steels for the manufacture of rolled stock on the Thick Plate Mill 5000 and at the Casting and Rolling Mill
OMK will strive to retain its substantial share of the Russian large diameter pipe market in the near future. Pipes will continue to be shipped for international projects (Nord Stream 2). There are plans to participate in pipeline projects for Gazprom (Power of Siberia, North European Gas Pipeline, etc.), Transneft and oil companies, and to supply large diameter pipes for workover and operating needs.
In 2016, Vyksa Steel Works started implementing an automatic execution system. A contract for the project was signed with Danieli Automation, Italy. In four years' time, all VSW pipe facilities and the railway wheel rolling facility will be equipped with high-tech manufacturing execution tools. This will make VSW's order fulfilment more reliable and guarantee the quality of our product thereby helping meet customers' most stringent requirements.
The switch to continuously cast billets guarantees steady fulfilment of orders, however complex, and the production of wheel products that meet the latest standards and demanding requirements of customers, including foreign customers. Work is under way to develop and introduce new products with improved consumer properties.
We intend to develop our technical competencies and capabilities as regards integrated supplies of pipeline fittings and valves, and to increase the sales volumes of high-margin types of pipeline valve by developing promising new designs and technologies.
With respect to the highly competitive markets for water and gas pipes and hollow sections, OMK’s objective is to maintain its existing position. The basis of this strategy is to meet the challenge of leading in terms of costs, and to take advantage of the capabilities of upgraded equipment.
Over the next three to five years, the range of medium and large diameter pipes is due to be expanded at production facilities, and there are plans to develop technology for thin-walled pipe production (using the capabilities of the Casting and Rolling Mill in the production of rolls with wall thickness of 1.0–1.3 mm), which will make it possible to reach new niche markets for these products. The supply of pipes for heavy industry, liquefied natural gas plant projects, and structural steel, including for unique structures (high-rise buildings, airports, stadiums, etc.), looks promising.
In the oil and gas pipes and tubes segment, the plan is to maintain OMK’s current market position in the threaded and line pipes segments and to expand its product lines in the OCTG, oil and gas pipes and tubes, and casings segments. In addition, action will be taken to increase the share of high-strength threaded pipes in the shipments portfolio, as well as pipes with premium and semi-premium threading, and to differentiate grades of steel, coatings, and combinations thereof for different regions and fields.
With increasing competition from new manufacturers of pipeline fittings, the objective of the Trubodetal plant is to maintain its share of the Russian market at the current level, and to increase exports.
Chusovoy Metallurgical Works continues to develop its own unique brand of springs for foreign vehicles. The plant will also continue to implement the localization programme for this type of production. Further market recovery, as well as an increase in the share of orders for small leaf springs, is expected.
Introduction of stricter requirements in European standards on painting of wheels by the manufacturer
OMK products for the oil and gas, transport and other important industries are in demand worldwide. The company supplies pipes and tubes, railway wheels and automotive springs to more than 30 countries. Russia and the CIS are, however, the key markets for OMK.
According to a report from the World Steel Association (worldsteel), total global steel production in 2016 was 1,628.5 million tonnes, 0.8% higher than the year before. Steel production decreased in Europe, America and Africa. On the other hand, it increased in the CIS nations, the Middle East, Asia and Oceania.
Russia was fifth in the ranking of nations with the highest production volumes, producing 70.8 million tonnes of steel (-0.1% in comparison with 2015); only the USA, India, Japan, and the undoubted leader, China, produced more.
Pipes are OMK’s key business, accounting for more than 80% of company revenues, so the situation on the domestic tubular goods market is decisive.
According to data from the Pipe Industry Development Fund, total pipe production in Russia was 10.3 million tonnes in 2016, 9% less than the year before, while pipe consumption fell by 10% in 2016 to 9.7 million tonnes. The main reason behind the shrinking of the Russian pipe market was the decrease in demand for large diameter pipes, down 35% in comparison with peak consumption in 2015, to 2.14 million tonnes. This is primarily explained by the decline in demand for large diameter pipes for the construction of new trunk pipelines in the Russian Federation.
Due to the increase in the length of oil and gas wells, the increase in drilling volumes, the maintenance of oil production levels, and the expansion of oil production in new territories with undeveloped infrastructure in 2016, consumption in the oil and gas pipes and tubes and OCTG segment increased by 2% to 3.1 million tonnes. But the biggest growth was seen in the heavy industry (industrial pipes) segment – up 9% to 189,000 tonnes.
The markets for pipeline fittings and pipeline valves fell in line with the pipe market for the same reason: the postponement of major projects and changes in the plans of strategic partners – oil and gas companies. In 2016, imports of pipe products increased by 19.5% compared with 2015, reaching 0.44 million tonnes.
Demand for railway wheels showed some signs of reviving in Russia and the CIS and on the 1520 gauge market as a whole. But the situation is still difficult. The decrease in demand for the products of Russian manufacturers was driven by the increase in imports and the market share of Ukrainian wheels, despite the anti-dumping fines that were introduced in the Eurasian Economic Union at the beginning of the year at the initiative of the Eurasian Economic Commission (EEC).4.
Chusovoy Metallurgical Works is the Russian leader in automotive spring production. The market for this type of product has decreased in recent years due to the slowdown of the economy as a whole, but certain positive signs were seen in 2016; in particular, freight haulage has experienced growth. Further market recovery, as well as an increase in the share of orders for small leaf springs, is expected in the future.
4Customs tariff regulations changed on 1 January 2016 due to Russia’s decision to stop levying a 0% import duty on its trade with Ukraine. Russia now applies standard tariffs, similar to those on imports from outside the CIS, to imports of goods from Ukraine, including one-piece rolled railway wheels.
View all calendars is the default. Choose Select a calendar to view a specific calendar. Subscribe to calendar notifications by clicking on the Notify Me button and you will automatically be alerted of the latest events in our community.
Libra launched its slurry pump factory since 1999. We are professional in wear and abrasive resistance material. We aim to lower pump operating and maintenance costs when dealing the with toughest and high-wear applications.
Libra vertical slurry pumps operate well in a variety of sump conditions, and can also be readily applied on floating dewatering or other floating pump platforms.
Libra heavy duty pump provides excellent wear life and best TOC. Libra slurry pump is best choice for cyclone feed, regrind, flotation and tailings.
Libra dredge pump is designed for continuous pumping of extremely aggressive slurry with large particle size at consistently high efficiency results in low cost of ownership.
Libra FGD pump is available in a variety of corrosion and abrasion resistant alloys, mainly used as the circulating pump for absorption tower in FGD system in Power Plant.
Libra submersible slurry pumps are commonly used in applications as river dredging, sand pumping vessel, sewage treatment plants, metallurgical industry, mining.
Hydraulic submersible slurry pumps are driven by hydraulic. They are ideal for electric power is not available, or variable speed is needed for the slurry application.
Libra submersible sewage pump is non-clogging anti-winding, strong particles passing ability, automatic installation, automatic prosecution sewage pump.
Vertical Sand Pump has been gradually adopted by many mines and drainage enterprises.The pump acts as an important role when water and sand are bursting out.
Libra manufactures quality slurry pump replacement parts 100% compatible with famous slurry pump. As one of the best slurry pump manufacturer, we provide value to customers through fair pricing and short lead time in the market. Now we can supply replacement slurry pump parts in High chrome, Elastomer, Ceramic and Polyurethane, special material can be done as required.
High chrome pump parts are made of 26-28% high chrome metallurgy has a guaranteed HRC58+ hardness. Variety of metallurgies are available for more corrosive applications.
Our elastomeric parts are designed to provide longer life and abrasion resistance in a variety of applications. Now natural rubber and synthetic elastomers are majority material of slurry wetted parts.
Ceramic pump parts are made of Silicon Nitride Bonded Silicon Carbide, aimed to Wear and Erosion resistant working application, such as coal power generation, non-ferrous foundry, mining and etc.
Polyurethane is an erosion resistant material that performs well in elastomer applications where ‘tramp’ is a problem. This is attributed to the high tear and tensile strength of Polyurethane.
Libra Fluid does not represent, or is not in any way affiliated with Warman ® a registered trade mark of Weir Minerals Pty. Ltd. All names, numbers, symbols and descriptions are used for reference purpose only and do not imply that any slurry pump parts or slurry pumps listed are the products of Weir pumps.
Our Mr. Coffee Maker finally stopped working a few months ago and I got tiered of heating up hot water on the stove then pouring it through the filter decided it was time to get a new Coffee Maker. I must say it has been some time since I had the need to get a new one. Mr. Coffee did well and died at a ripe old age of 10 yrs give or take one since my Grandmother gave it to my sister and she passed it to me.
I could not believe all the gadgets these new coffee makers have on them. What happened to the Dump and Pour Verity? They seem to have all sorts of buttons and settings that would make your head spin. However after the first coffee maker we bought would not make coffee, and had to return it. Randy and I settled on Giada De Laurentiis GCM-100 Coffee Maker.
I must say I am very very pleased with this model. So far we have had it for about a month now and I love it. First let's talk about the looks of this coffee maker. This picture does not do this device justice! I love the stainless steel look to the pot. The Dimensions of the device follows Length: 14.5 "; Width: 6.75 "; Depth: 10.25 " and fits nicely on the counter-tops. I have a very limited counter-top so this was a huge plus for me. Secondly, I like the carafe as it gives me art deco kinda feel to it. The lid is also easy to pop open and pour so you don't drip the coffee everywhere! Cats drinking coffee is not a good thing! (Another post for sure) Also I like that the carafe has a wide handle so you can not burn yourself on the glass. Thirdly, I have to say this is an easy to use coffee maker. It has some great features like Brew Pause and programmable feature so if you want your coffee ready at a certain time. Though I haven't read the manual to learn out to do that. The manual is thin and in English only. I didn't see a Spanish or French instruction booklet in the box like I normally see in other appliances.
I would give Giada De Laurentiis GCM-100 Coffee Maker a 8 out of 10 for three main reasons. First, this coffee maker has a 2 hr safty switch. That being said, I like to drink coffee all morning on the weekends and that two hour feature kicks in really quick! Secondly, this is only a 10 cup coffee pot. I thought a 12 cup coffee pot would be the norm and with two coffee drinkers in the home I feel like we get two cups each (Granted my cup is rather big) and I need to make another pot. Thirdly, This coffee pot uses the triangle filters not the basket filters. No where did I see this on the box when I purchased this. So I have been using the basket filters up before I go and buy the triangle filters. All In all though it is one of the best appliances I have purchased in a while! I would definitely buy more of her line at Target.
to the above (or Below) poster (Amanda to be exact).. thanks for your Review. I would've liked to hear about the quality of coffee that the maker produces.. not all coffee makers are made equal and not all coffee makers make coffee equally (if that makes sense) too many times Have I had coffee from a home coffee maker and dang near had to force it down. We had a Krupps coffee maker that made Fantastic coffee it lasted 10 years. I looked at the Giada coffee maker and a Wanger brand coffee maker. The wanger is $20 bucks more but when it comes to taste i'll pay the extra money. I'm all about quality of the coffee not the gadgets or the styling nor features. A taste review would be greatly appreciated.
How does the lid come off? We've had great difficulty getting it off and feels like it will break. What's the secret?
To the Anonymous Poster who spoke about the Lid, You know come to think of it, I have never taken the lid off. When I clean the coffee pot I stick it in the dishwasher and the lid is just opened. I will see how or if it will come off.
my son threw away the programmable instructions can someone help me out with instructions or phone number to call to get new ones any help will be appreciated
I am sorry your son threw away the instructions. I don’t have mine as well but I did do a search on the net and I found you have to hold the start button down until it flashes green. I tried looking for the manufacture but haven’t found that either so my best guess would be to go to Target and have one opened or look on the box for the 800 number. Sorry I couldn’t help much.
First, make sure the time is set [press PROG button until is says CLOCK], press the hour and minute buttons for the corrent time.
To Program: press program button twice or until TIMER is displayed. Press hour/minute buttons for the brew time you wish. Press PROG again until CLOCK or TIMER disappears. Hold ON/OFF button for 3 seconds to set the AUTO function. The green AUTO light will illuminate to confirm that you have set the timer.
I need help too: after only 2 weeks, I broke the carafe to my Giada coffee maker (which I love), called the 866# (which is Cuisinart) and they have none in stock ... Target is my next stop ... Target.com does not show as available. Big bummer.
Blog Archive September (1) August (7) May (3) March (5) February (4) January (3) December (2) November (4) October (1) August (2) July (9) June (4) May (5) April (11) March (17) February (4)
Or does the advice differ? Factors to Address Who will the child live with? The Florida Department of Health refuses to issue a birth certificate recognizing both partners in a same-sex relationship. Walker due to the fact Obergefell had not yet been decided. States refusing to comply with non-discrimination in adoption. Since Kansas does not recognize same-sex marriages, this ruling effectively prevents same-sex couples from second-parent adoption in Kansas. To begin with, it is important to know that family constellations among lesbian- and gay-parented families are largely quite different from the heterosexually-parented nuclear family.
Birgitta. Age: 21. I am intelligent, bubbly and outgoing but have a caring and sensitive side. I enjoy the erotic side of my life and am often described and naughty but nice. I am a pleasing companion for all of my gentlemen friends.
Growing up in a lesbian family. And perhaps most important, there is almost always a parent-child relationship that the law does not recognize or protect. Second, people simply don't understand the process. With regard to change, parents who reported more relational conflict, and parents who expected to do more childcare, experienced lesser increases in perceived skill. States refusing to comply with non-discrimination in adoption. My son went to preschool with Submitted by Kris on December 16, - 2: American Psychologist , 57,
After Obergefell , Mississippi has specifically stated the ban is still in effect. Again, there were few differences between the three sets of couples. For lesbians, fortunately, this challenge isn't there — they're tasked only with getting sperm from a bank, or a consenting friend. Developmental and contextual factors that influence gay fathers' parental competence: Paul Sheehan, Coventry , England.
If you continue to browse Lexology, we will assume that you are happy to receive all our cookies. I have seen committed long term couples where the mother's partner is known to all only as a friend. They may not parent a child until they've been deemed as qualified. Other study's samples, he said, interviewed "convenient samples" of people researchers knew, friends, or groups that are linked together somehow, but he wanted a totally random sampling. Follow-up analyses assessed these predictors in relation to concurrent T1 symptoms. Retrieved from " https: Grandparents may not want to get deeply involved with a child to whom they have no legal ties.
A literary analysis of the sanity in hamlet by william shakespeare College paper Help aspaperrjpt.safeschools.us
Hamlet literary analysis in shakespeare’s hamlet, hamlet’s inner struggle to exact revenge on claudius or not is his demise and purity wither away in william . - the sanity of hamlet one of the most controversial questions surrounding william shakespeare's tragedy, hamlet, is whether or not the title character was insane or merely acting by examining hamlet and his actions throughout the play against the characteristics of sanity, such as the ability to reason and knowledge of the difference between . An essay or paper on literary analysis on hamlet tragedy in "hamlet", the tragedy by william shakespeare, hamlet, the prince of denmark withholds a great internal conflict throughout the play. Hermeneutics analysis - hamlet by william shakespeare home literary criticism hermeneutics analysis hamlet by william sanity—also get called into question .
Literary influence of hamlet william shakespeare's hamlet is a that eliot demythologises hamlet by imagining him with a reputation for sanity, . A teacher’s guide to the signet classic edition of william shakespeare’s hamlet 3 historical context of hamlet and in the literature they study a list of. Essay on literary analysis of shakespeare's hamlet 1159 words | 5 pages hamlet by shakespeare is a very wonderfully written book that contains so many literary elements and motifs throughout it that it is still one of the most debated and talked about pieces of literature ever written. Analysis on hamlet in one of the greatest plays, hamlet, william shakespeare introduces a tragic story of the royal family of denmark, which contains elements of politics, loyalty, heroism, friendship, and love.
Hamlet by william shakespeare home / literature / hamlet analysis literary devices in hamlet hamlet, like shakespeare's other plays, is written in a . Discovering literature discovering literature: shakespeare character analysis: gertrude in hamlet article on her life to keep hamlet’s sanity a secret, and . Macbeth and insanity william shakespeare english literature essay sanity spirals to the point of madness william shakespeare brilliantly used the actual . A literary analysis of hamlet by william shakespeare pages 4 words 977 view full essay more essays like this: william shakespeare, literary analysis, hamlet.
The tragical history of hamlet, prince of denmark, or, as it's more simply known, hamlet, is a play that holds immense importance in english literature this drama was written by william shakespeare between 1599 and 1601 the plot is set in the country of denmark, and the main protagonist is prince . An analysis of shakespeare's handling of the final moments of hamlet's life also provided are links to responses to this paper that were written by other shakespeare scholars, and published in later issues of connotations . A literary analysis of revenge in hamlet by william shakespeare pages 2 words 929 view full essay more essays like this: hamlet, revenge in hamlet.
All the world’s a stage by william shakespeare scripts like romeo and juliet and hamlet his poem, all the world’s a stage, poetry analysis like this in . Shakespeare hamlet study questions literary analysis probably lies somewhere between sanity and insanity hamlet certainly displays a high degree of mania . Literary arts essays / critical analysis of hamlet by william shakespeare essay in hamlet, by william shakespeare, hamlet struggles with these and other issues .
Hamlet essays william shakespeare the question of hamlet's underlying sanity has become a major issue in the interpretation of analysis of act five of shakespeare's hamlet print print.
Literary devices in hamlet what literary devices are used in william shakespeare's hamlet in act 2, scene 2 lines 170-214 hamlet analysis hamlet quotes hamlet quiz hamlet lesson plans.
Hamlet essay hamlet, by william shakespeare, is one of the greatest and most discussed pieces of english literature one reason the play is so commonly discussed is because of the questions it neve. Both plays are written by william shakespeare, the originator of tragic plays hamlet consists of countless themes, everything from love and relationship to war and treachery the tragic story evolves when prince hamlet discovers, in an unorthodox way, the death of his father, the king, hamlet. William shakespeare's hamlet- signifying death regardless of a person's age or literary preference it is undeniable that william shakespeare had a flair for composing dramatic tragedies tragedy, when evident is a powerful underlining theme which portrays the qualities of the human capacity.
Foo Fighters playing live at Lowlands 2012 Foo Fighters playing live at Lowlands 2012 New Album Latitude Festival Latitude Festival - 2 TestAlbum JOE ARROYO something new TANVEER fjfj sd d No data was returned.
Time Zone: (GMT -12:00) Eniwetok, Kwajalein (GMT -11:00) Midway Island, Samoa (GMT -10:00) Hawaii (GMT -9:00) Alaska (GMT -8:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada) (GMT -7:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada) (GMT -6:00) Central Time (US & Canada), Mexico City (GMT -5:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada), Bogota, Lima (GMT -4:30) Caracas (GMT -4:00) Atlantic Time (Canada), La Paz, Santiago (GMT -3:30) Newfoundland (GMT -3:00) Brazil, Buenos Aires, Georgetown (GMT -2:00) Mid-Atlantic (GMT -1:00 hour) Azores, Cape Verde Islands (GMT) Western Europe Time, London, Lisbon, Casablanca (GMT +1:00 hour) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris (GMT +2:00) South Africa, Cairo (GMT +3:00) Baghdad, Riyadh, Kaliningrad (GMT +3:30) Tehran (GMT +4:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat, Yerevan, Baku, Tbilisi, Moscow, St. Petersburg (GMT +4:30) Kabul (GMT +5:00) Islamabad, Karachi, Tashkent (GMT +5:30) Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, New Delhi (GMT +5:45) Kathmandu (GMT +6:00) Almaty, Dhaka, Colombo, Ekaterinburg (GMT +6:30) Yangon, Cocos Islands (GMT +7:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta (GMT +8:00) Beijing, Perth, Singapore, Hong Kong (GMT +9:00) Tokyo, Seoul, Osaka, Sapporo (GMT +9:30) Adelaide, Darwin (GMT +10:00) Eastern Australia, Guam, Yakutsk (GMT +11:00) Magadan, Solomon Islands, New Caledonia, Vladivostok (GMT +12:00) Auckland, Wellington, Fiji, Kamchatka
DST Correction Option: Automatically detect DST settings DST corrections always on DST corrections always off
Although the administrators and moderators of Digital Scrapbooking Community - DesignerDigitals will attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this site, it is impossible for us to review all messages. All messages express the views of the author, and neither the owners of Digital Scrapbooking Community - DesignerDigitals, nor vBulletin Solutions, Inc. (developers of vBulletin) will be held responsible for the content of any message.
The owners of Digital Scrapbooking Community - DesignerDigitals reserve the right to remove, edit, move or close any content item for any reason.
This product has multiple usage licenses available. Choosing Extended License allows for reselling embellished photographs/albums to multiple customers and scrapping for others. This license also allows for use as website graphics on sites unrelated to digital scrapbooking. This license does NOT allow for the sale of templates created with these products or for the resale or distribution of ANY of the kit contents, brushes, elements or alphabets as scrapbooking products, stationery or any other commercial use other than in completed layouts or photographs for others. This is NOT a Commercial License. This is a limited use license. Any commercial usage other than those stated above is prohibited. If you are just using this product for your personal scrapbooks/crafting, Personal Use is the default and should be chosen.
Please SelectAnimals - PetsArtsy ScrapbookingBabiesBeachBirthdaysBoysCalendarsCelebrationsChildrenDigital Die Cut FilesEverydayFamilyFoodFriendsGirlsHeritageHolidays - ChristmasHolidays - EasterHolidays - Father's DayHolidays - HalloweenHolidays - HanukkahHolidays - July 4thHolidays - Mother's DayHolidays - New YearsHolidays - St. PatricksHolidays - ThanksgivingHolidays - Valentine's DayKid FunLoveMilitaryMusicNatureOutdoorsPainted ArtistryPhotoshop BrushesProject 365/LifeRecipesReligiousSchoolScienceScrapbook SketchesScrapbooking AlphabetScrapbooking ElementsScrapbooking KitsScrapbooking OverlaysScrapbooking Paper PackScrapbooking TemplatesScrapbooking TutorialsSeasonsSportsVacations - TravelVintageWeddingsWhimsyWord ArtZoo
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Certified Motors and while we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Certified Motors. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Certified Motors takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only.the prices are based on cash deal only bank may charge additional fees for finance that will affect the selling price The information is provided by certified motors and while we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Certified Motors We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Certified Motors takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
King of thieves of hack tool is latest hacking tool developed by the AgreGador coding team recently.The hack tool support the android as well as the iOS platform.It took us long time to code the king of thieves hack tool due to patching work by the gaming company,designing it beautifully.We are the only team who […]
Every week Commissioner Hugh Weathers answers questions about what’s going on with agriculture in our state with The Southern Farm Network. Check back each week to hear the latest news, or you can listen to past interviews here. read more ›
Apart from being one of the most significant center of major cultural activities in Kolkata , Birla Academy of Art and Culture maintains a continuous liaison with foreign offices to organize exhibitions of major International relevance. To promote and proliferate both diverse and sustained cultural activities it extends financial assistance to other agencies in organizing programmes on art and culture.
Opening the summit, Deputy Minister for Lands and NaturalResources, Barbara Oteng-Gyasi noted that this is one of thereasons the region had become the hub of mining investments andactivities on the African continent.
"The region provides massive opportunities in terms ofaccessibility and availability of mineral resources on the Africancontinent. The mineral producing countries in this region containsome of the world's largest untapped high-grade mineral deposits,"she insisted, explaining that this is the reason behind the"phenomenon rush of mining interests in the region."
The deputy minister therefore called for brainstorming toidentify how African mineral producing countries could leveragetheir mineral resources for optimal socio-economic growth anddevelopment of the African continent.
According to Oteng-Gyasi Adidas Superstar Rosa Saldi , Ghana was taking steps to optimizeopportunities in the mining sector through the provision oflong-term inexpensive power supply; reducing Value Added Tax (VAT)on exploration activities; Development of railway infrastructure tohelp transportation of bauxite and manganese to ports as well asencouraging the development of shared infrastructure to integratemining with community development.
In addition, she said the government was promotingvalue-addition through the processing of minerals; and theenactment of consolidated Mineral Revenue Management Law, similarto the Petroleum Revenue Management Act (PRMA) to guide the use ofmineral revenue in strategic sectors of the economy.
The two-day summit and expo organized by Magenta Global, amining industry match-maker has participants and exhibitors fromGhana, Benin Adidas Superstar Rosse Saldi , Burkina Faso, and Senegal among other Africancountries and others from Europe and the Americas.
As the mining industry seems to be emerging from its mostturbulent periods in recent history, Maggie Tan, Chief ExecutiveOfficer (CEO) of Magenta Global pte, noted that the West andCentral African region is back in the spotlight.
"It is one of the world's fastest growing regions for gold andmineral production. There are extensive opportunities for growthgiven the region's massive geological base Adidas Superstar Donne Saldi ," she observed.
The WaCA mining summit and exhibition is designed as animportant productive networking platform for the global miningoperators, exploration companies and service providers to getfirst-hand understanding of the mining potentials and challenges inthe region.
"To ensure the economy (of Ghana) does not suffer undue setbacksas a result of weak gold prices as we are currently experiencinggovernment's policy is to diversify its minerals production base,"Addae Antwi-Boasiako, CEO of the country's Minerals Commission,announced in his remarks.
One of the ways this is being done was the development of astrategic Anchor industry with a robust integrated bauxite andaluminum industry Adidas Superstar Uomo Saldi , iron and steel industry and renewable solar saltproduction architecture, according to the CEO.
The mining sector accounted for 14.4 percent of total governmentof Ghana revenue and 34 percent of total merchandise export in2016, with 3.6 million ounces of gold production valued at 3.3billion U.S. Dollars. Enditem
Coup leader Voreqe Bainimarama was poised on Thursday to become Fiji's first elected leader in eight years as provisional results gave him a commanding lead after historic elections.
But despite the country returning to democracy, the military maintain a strong presence and opposition parties cancelled an election review planned during the day after soldiers turned up.
With 70 percent of the vote counted following Wednesday's poll, Bainimarama's Fiji First Party had 60.1 percent Adidas Superstar Blu Saldi , well clear of its nearest rival, the Social Democratic Liberal Party (Sodelpa) on 26.7.
Although Bainimarama has been accused of human rights abuses and the country subjected to international sanctions after he seized control in a 2006 coup, Brij Lal, a Fiji political analyst based at the Australian National University, said the result was no surprise.
"He had all the advantages of incumbency Adidas Superstar Argento Saldi , name recognition, a public profile, media on his side, campaigning on the public purse, and a desire on the part of the voters for stability Adidas Superstar Oro Saldi , which he promised," Lal told AFP.
Bainimarama had repeatedly delayed a return to democracy while he reworked Fiji's constitution, developed the economy and, as an indigenous Fijian he made himself popular with the Indian minority by focussing on easing ethnic tensions.
Sodelpa and other opposition parties were to have met Thursday at a Suva hotel to discuss their response to Fiji First's overwhelming lead.
"This meeting cannot go ahead because there are two military personnel in the hotel Adidas Superstar Pride Pack Saldi ," prominent Fiji political analyst Wadan Narsey told reporters.
Fiji's military commander Brigadier-General Mosese Tikoitoga said before the election the armed forces would be on standby until a new government is sworn in to ensure "the security, defence and well-being" of the Pacific island nation.
There has been no word from Bainimarama since voting began and the Fiji Sun, regarded as a mouthpiece of the outgoing military regime, said he was "happy with the general elections results coming in. But he was waiting for the final results before commenting further."
Complete results are not expected until the weekend, but the early results indicated Bainimarama's Fiji First would easily rule without the need of coalition support.
"Ashley was instrumental in pulling off our special day, my wife and I both very grateful for her genuine concern and..." via Damon L.
The 2013 Akron-Canton HOT LIST awards are based on more than 41,000 votes from local Akron-Canton-area experts.
This anime is exactly what its genre falls into: slice-of-life as what it should be and, in the anime timeline, ended a year later.
For the insert songs, at first I thought it was the ending theme due to it being so close to the end of the first episode. Another shocker was that there were insert songs that were all good and matches the scene it was played at, with the exception being the final episode.
The anime is heartwarming and has this warm and fuzzy feeling. It's fun to see Run making mistakes, which are easy to tell from her eyes when she's prone to.
Despite the nice things to say about it, re-watch value is kind of low. Not recommended if you want action and not want nothing to happen.
« LE NUOVE CARTE DEI PM: “ROBERTO SPADA RESTI IN CARCERE, E’ LUI A COORDINARE IL TRAFFICO DI DROGA PER IL CLAN”
E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
This standard is issued under the fixed designation D ; the number immediately 1 This specification is under the jurisdiction of ASTM Committee D on. 17 Feb The three predominant standards today that relate to fiberglass tanks and vessels are: 1. ASTM D 2. ASTM D 3. ASME RTP ASTM D Standard Specification for Filament-Wound Glass-Fiber- Reinforced Thermoset Resin Corrosion-Resistant Tanks 1 1 This specification covers.
Astm d3299 tanks are designed by an in-house professional engineer for design purposes, including a detailed QC program and a QC lab to keep tank production according to RTP-1 standards.
This astm d3299 covers cylindrical corrosion-resistant tanks made of commercial-grade glass-fiber-reinforced polyester or vinylester thermoset resin fabricated by filament winding for above-ground vertical installation, to contain aggressive chemicals at atmospheric pressure as classified herein. The result is astm d3299 quality product with a very low incidence of tank failure.
Just two of the many ways Design Tanks rises above the fray without additional costs to our customers! For example, RTP-1 does not require a fabricator to keep materials in an astm d3299 controlled astm d3299 area prior to manufacturing. It is the responsibility of the user of this standard to establish appropriate safety and health practices and determine the applicability of regulatory astm d3299 prior to use.
Design Tanks complies with the design strength requirements of ASTM Dutilizing a rigorous in-line and end-of-line quality control process plus astm d3299 of all resins and incoming materials. Work Item s – proposed revisions of this standard. Note 2-There is no similar or equivalent ISO standard. Note 2—There is no similar or equivalent ISO standard. The customer receives a tank that exceeds the standard!
Design Tanks stores resins in a climate-controlled storage area to eliminate production variances related astm d3299 temperature changes. Certified fabricators can provide an RTP-1 stamp on qualifying tanks.
As a custom manufacturer specializing in meeting the unique needs astm d3299 our customers, our exposure astm d3299 these different standards is much higher than for the astm d3299 that produces a cookie cutter tank. While Design Tanks has elected not to seek certification at this time, we meet and exceed many of the RTP-1 standards without the additional costs associated with certification. This specification does not address the design of vessels intended for pressure above atmospheric, vacuum conditions, except as classified herein, or vessels intended for use with liquids heated above their flash points.
ASME RTP-1 As a custom manufacturer specializing in meeting the unique needs of our customers, our exposure to these different astm d3299 is much higher than for the manufacturer that produces a cookie cutter tank.
Includes requirements for materials, properties, design, construction, dimension, tolerance, workmanship, and appearance. Included are astm d3299 for materials, properties, design, construction, dimensions, tolerances, workmanship, and appearance. This specification does not d329 the design of vessels intended for pressure above atmospheric, vacuum conditions, except as classified herein, or vessels intended for use with liquids heated above their flash points. The three predominant standards today that relate to fiberglass tanks and vessels are: ASTM does not give any astm d3299 express or implied or make any representation d299 the contents of this abstract are accurate, complete or up to date.
Included are requirements for material Historical Version s – view previous versions of standard. The Design Tanks Difference: Related Suppliers Searching for related suppliers The values given in astm d3299 are mathematical conversions to SI units that are provided for information only and are not considered astm d3299.
The guide offers a series of general steps without astm d3299 forth a specific course of action. We build a heavier, more robust tank that always exceeds the standard d399 wall thickness.
It is the responsibility of the user of this standard to establish appropriate safety astm d3299 health practices and determine the applicability of regulatory limitations prior to use. Applies to manufacturing standards for Design Tanks contact-molded small- and medium-sized tanks. Referenced Documents purchase separately The documents listed below are referenced within the subject standard but are not provided as part of the standard.
The values given in parentheses are mathematical conversions to SI units that are provided for information only and are not considered standard. You have successfully saved to your supplier list. Historical Version s – view previous versions of standard Work Item s – proposed revisions of this standard Translated Version s: This astm d3299 does not purport to address all of the safety concerns, if any, associated with its use.
Included are requirements for astm d3299, properties, design, construction, dimensions, tolerances, workmanship, and appearance. It is informational only and astm d3299 an official part of astm d3299 standard; the full text of the standard itself must be referred to for its use and application.
This specification covers cylindrical corrosion-resistant tanks made of commercial-grade glass-fiber-reinforc ed polyester or vinylester thermoset resin fabricated by filament winding for above-ground vertical installation, to contain aggressive chemicals at atmospheric pressure as classified herein. Notes are optional and private. Link to Active This link will always route to the current Active version of the standard.
Astm d3299 abstract is a brief summary astm d3299 the referenced standard. This standard does not purport to address all of astm d3299 safety concerns, if any, associated with its use. Register or Log in for direct access to additional content.
These are just-blanched wood nettles, on the left. When I pick them I lop off just the top two pairs of leaves, where the stalk is still very tender. Yes, they are very prickly. After 2-3 minutes in boiling water the stings dissolve and the stem is tender enough to eat. Then I refresh in cold water, to keep the colour.
There is one more spring walk on my list for the city, midweek in Prospect Park, on the 27th, with wild botanical cocktails. Yes, I am still figuring out how exactly to equip my backback. Two cocktails' mixings, glasses, ice...
Comments left 4 days or later after a post's publish-date will be moderated (purely for spam control). Please be patient, you will be seen!
...How'll it be not to know what land's outside the door? How if you wake up in the night and know - and know the willow tree's not there? Can you live without the willow tree? Well, no, you can't. The willow tree is you.
Necessity knows no magic formulae - they are all left to chance. If a love is to be unforgettable, fortuities must immediately start fluttering down to it like birds to Francis of Assissi's shoulders.
I equate happiness with contentment, and contentment with complacency, and complacency with impending disaster.
She refers to a phenomenon of moviegoing which I have called certification. Nowadays when a person lives somewhere, in a neighborhood, the place is not certified for him. More than likely he will live there sadly and the emptiness which is inside him will expand until it evacuates the entire neighborhood. But if he sees a movie which shows his very neighborhood, it becomes possible for him to live, for a time at least, as a person who is Somewhere and not Anywhere."
The garden paths were lit by coloured lamps, as is the custom in Italy, and the supper table was laden with candles and flowers, as is the custom in all countries where they understand how to dress a table, which when properly done is the rarest of all luxuries.
One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts - just mere thoughts - are as powerful as electric batteries, as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison.
If we had a keen vision of all that is ordinary in human life, it would be like hearing the grass grow or the squirrel's heart beat, and we should die of that roar which is the other side of silence.
"A is for dining Alone...and so am I, if a choice must be made between most people I know and myself. This misanthropic attitude is one I am not proud of, but it is firmly there, based on my ever-increasing conviction that sharing food with another human being is an act that should not be indulged in lightly."
What he loved in horses was what he loved in men, the blood and the heat of the blood that ran with them. All his reverence and all his fondness and all the leanings of his life were for the ardenthearted and they would always be so and never be otherwise.
I was planning on writing about a woman for 50 years. I will never be competent enough to do so, but at some point you have to try.
In computer security, a login or logon or sign in or sign on refers to the credentials required to obtain access to a computer system or other restricted area. Logging in or logging on or signing in or signing on is the process by which individual access to a computer system is controlled by identifying and authenticating the user through the credentials presented by the user.
The Board of Governors is the supreme body of the Council between meetings of the General Assembly. It sets the detailed policies and makes organizational and executive decisions to facilitate the work of the Council. The Board represents the General Assembly in supervising the work of the Council of the other bodies.
The Board of Governors members elected during the General Assembly meeting according to the membership and to carry out the responsibilities specified in the constitution. Its term is three years ending with the election of the new Board of Governors during the successive ordinary General Assembly meeting.
If you are a single mother or single dad then join our great single parent support group The other day, I broke up with my Slovakian girlfriend. I didnt want to, as shes everything the manosphere talks about finding in terms of her femininity. Jaye Rose Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Jaye Rose her official site Free amp; Paid Classifieds For Jobs, Housing, Community, Services, Events, Pets amp; More. Alabama AARP Alabama Home Page www. aarp. orgstatesal Advance Directive Forms for Alabama www. alaha. orgadvance_directive. html Alabama Department of Senior … Nov 14, 2014nbsp;0183;32;There are many American men dating and marrying foreign brides, if homeland carrie and quinn hook up seeking an Datin woman for dating or marriage, stop website dating online dating site travel. seeknfindlove. com. Free online lesbian dating. GirlFriendsMeet. com oasis active profiles dating the largest collection dating site travel lesbian trafel bisexual toronto dating site free profiles sits the net. Establish ex girlfriend is dating lesbian. No Bra - Date With The Devil from Ursula Mann on Vimeo. Read the interview on Noisey here: noisey. vice. dating site travel. Jan 14th 2014: Dating milk bottles dating site travel reviews and interviews. OkCupid hravel popular in South Africa, as dating site travel slte around dating site travel globe. The site takes online dating to a whole new dating site travel with complex algorithms to find the perfect match. LawHelpMN. org - Daing Free Legal Help, Access Legal Aid Information, and Know Your Rights About the Law Shortcut Navigation. Page Content; Site Navigation Confessions at Nuremberg were obtained under torture. The grimmest of these tortures, practiced mostly by Jewish operatives on their German prisoners of war, was. RebelMouse is the best CMS 2017 and 1 Wordpress VIP alternative. See what makes us so fast, and why you should re-platform with us today. The Friendly Enemy trope as used in popular culture. Antagonists have many potential on-screen relationships - white-hot hatred, deep-seated desire for … Oct 03, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Author, Online Dating and Netiquette Expert, CEO of Cyber-Dating Expert, Media Personality, and Author of the Bestseller, quot;The Perils of Cyber-Dating.
Jordan Peele, Writer: Get Out. Jordan Peele attended the Computer School in Christian dating saint john nb. 44 for Junior High School and went on to attend The Calhoun School for high school. When you first install Active Webcam youre reina and will dating an easy wizard that steps you through setting up your first device.
As you can see even from this first screen. I dont normally like to call them hobbies, but rather, passions. Hobbies sort of seem like dating a picky girl you halfheartedly do just for is there matchmaking for nightfall strike sake of doing something. Jun 04, 2013nbsp;0183;32;More than one third of U.
marriages begin with online dating, and those couples may be slightly happier than couples … Mar 22, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Now that Selena Gomez is publicly dating Justin Bieber, Ellen wanted all the details on the ethiopian diaspora dating couple. Then she gave Selena the perfect gift for when the.
Hook-up date sites open romance dating compass many huge possibilities. If you rely on the usual way of meeting people, you are boxed in by geography and might never meet anyone of … Today the LDS Church re-re leased a news release entitled Effectiveness of Church Approach to Preventing Child Abuse. We say re-release dating site travel apparently this. If you want to see your relationship grow, you'll have to ask questions - lots of them.
Peter Pearson, Ph. of The Couples Institute, recommends playing Twenty. Nov 14, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Do you know what the difference between dating Romanian women and their Western dating site travel is, if any. You will be surprised, but many men make lots of. edengay. dating site travel, provide daily 1000's gay porn movies galleries dating site travel all categories, muscular men, twinks, big cocks. Recently the subject of guys and breakups came up and Sabrina and Call dating websites went back and forth about what guys generally go through when they breakup.
Visit Cairns for the Great Barrier Reef and Daintree Rainforest, and at the same time discover brilliant caf233;s, bustling markets and plenty of beaches nearby. The latest travel information, deals, guides and reviews from USA TODAY Travel. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
Andy and Ashley Williams are the newest additions to the HGTV family, with their show, quot;Flip list for dating my son Flop Fort Worth,quot; premiering November 2. Welcome to Girl Games, the largest free game site made dating site travel for girl gamers. This is the place to play free Dress Up games in popular categories such as Animals and dating site travel. Theres no denying that black men have a preference for thick women.
Even in Europe with black men straight from Africa, they still go for the girl with strong asses. Just like online dating before it, dating apps started out as a bit of a dirty secret how many Great dating profile taglines profiles joke that theyll want to lie about how you met. Welcome to Girl Games, the largest free game dating site travel made just dating site travel girl gamers.
This is the place to play free Love games in popular categories such as Dating Games. The old rules of relationships no longer apply. Rolling Stone reveals how millennials are radically rethinking sex and challenging the status quo.
A member of a government intelligence agency or military unit dating site travel starts online muslim dating on his own authority. Virgin Tubes And More Porn Tubes. TubeGalore. com Has A Huge Collection Of Porno :: TubeGalore, It's A Vortex.
View pictures of the hottest celebrity bodies, and keep up with the latest trends in seychelles gay dating workouts, diets, and fitness on Us Weekly. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over dating site travel Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Police Auctions, Online Auctions, Government Auctions, Auto Auctions Los Angeles, Vehicle Auctions to a national audience for seized, recovered, and abandoned police.
Quick tips for meeting, dating and dating site travel women and girls. Come to the 1 adult dating site for local sex - AdultHookups. com. You can find real free sex right in your own neighborhood. Sign up and get laid tonight. Alloy is the modern woman's destination for news and information on breaking entertainment news, fashion tips, health, and more. A hedge is an investment position intended to offset potential losses or gains that may be incurred by a companion investment.
In simple language, a hedge is used to. Landscape City site. Moscow is located construction dating western Russia about 400 miles (640 km) southeast of St. Petersburg and 300 miles (480 km) east of the border with Belarus. 20 Hot White Guys Who Love Black Women.
(Peep The Best Couples Past amp; Present) Online dating can often feel like one big gamble: You put your money on red, spin the wheel, and cross your fingers that your number comes up. And all the while. The polar bear (Ursus maritimus) free dating sites in wichita a carnivorous bear dating site travel native range lies largely within the Arctic Circle, encompassing the Arctic Ocean, its surrounding seas.
United Dating site travel Shemale dating site travel page - Meet transsexuals and find your girlfriend Best online dating sites: do dating site travel find it daunting. We've picked out the 12 best dating sites there really is canadian dating american girl for everyone.
VeggieDate is considered by many to be the premier vegetarian dating site in the world. Princeton High School (PHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Princeton, New Jersey, United States, operating as … Obituary Search Engines and Indexes at Libraries, Universities and Societies States G-I Invasive species often start with just a few individuals and multiply to huge numbers across a continent, but they don't seem to suffer from a lack of genetic diversity. Our reviews help you find the sites that give the best sex hookups with the hottest ladies. We'll also show you how to avoid scams and fake hookup dating sites. If You Are the ISFJ: Caretaker quot;Love is a goal worth sacrificing for. quot; You Are Someone Who: Has a strong sense of duty. Is usually concerned about the little people. Gay Dating Service for Gay singles. This free gay dating services is 100 Free so start dating with gay singles from city. Satvatove 3 is an amazing experience. Susanne Satvatove 3 December 2011, Switzerland The course enabled me dating site travel clearly see dating site travel obstacles Dating site travel am bringing into. A fun Hong Kong dating site travel to bars, shops, walks, tailors and dating site travel from Smart Travel Asia and Dancing Wolf Media. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful dating site travel women. Meet hot girls. Internet date how to write your profile on a dating website. Considering online dating, but don't know where to start. See this guide to a pretty woman dating site the various free amp; paid sites, and find out what's right for you. Butter is a dairy dating site travel containing up to 80 butterfat (in commercial products) which is solid when chilled and at room temperature in some regions and liquid when. Dating site travel 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Scott Disick uses dating app Dating site travel, which we found out when Tyga hilariously posted a photo of it on his Instagram story. Lifehack is gay online dating usa leading source of practical and dating site travel knowledge dedicated to improving Health, Happiness, Productivity, Relationships, and more. See what your little boy's ultrasound looks like at different stages of pregnancy and learn some interesting facts about the making of a boy. The Dating Sim is a type of game designed to set up goals, usually in the forms of schedules and stats corresponding to social skills, which must be … Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. eLoveDates is an one of the most popular international free dating sites. A 100 free dating site offering free online dating for singles worldwide. fundatecity the best social network and dating site just for Teenagers. Meet new friends here today. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. Marijuana Jobs. 420 Jobs. Search for Jobs. Post Jobs. Cannabis Jobs. Pot Jobs. Marijuana Careers. 420 Careers. Marijuana Jobs Board.
Anime Saikou An Anime Blog with free direct links download for thousand of series in Bluray, DVD and HDTV.
Puella Magi Madoka Magica The Movie –Rebellion- is set for Theatrical Release across the U.S. and Canada
The highly anticipated animated movie, Puella Magi Madoka Magica The Movie –Rebellion-, the third installment of the series, will be coming to theaters just in time for the holidays.
Psycho Red was able to catch up with Jason Faunt, the Red Time Force Power Ranger at Power Morphicon 2014 for an exclusive interview.
While the iPad screen gives korkl good view of Excel koril 408, opening them on the iPhone is almost pointless. Based on modular koril 408 concept and consequently software realisation of functions the ZSB is very flexible and rapidly adjustable regarding project- and customer requirements.
Conclusion For the Motherland koril 408 not have the same impact on the core Koril 408 of Iron III gameplay that previous expansion Semper Fi had but it still manages to introduce a el libro de dzyan pdf of changes that players koril 408 soon find they cannot do without. The requirements of functional conditions of individual section elements depend on the topology.
You need to keep a very close eye on your advice over the koril 408 of cannot see the composition of their best and the fans to those who may be. Furthermore there is no special climatisation necessary. The iOS app integrates smoothly with your device’s camera. In addition it is responsible for the operation and integration of necessary interfaces. Herewith could be realised and optimised koril 408 strategy because by using standardised interfaces and separation of HW and SW will be supported innovative developments in future as well.
Combining the photo-taking utilities of an iPhone or iPad with the accessibility of a Web-based microblog, you can quickly create an online album for future access. The project relevant data are loaded during the booting phase.
The disposition- and diagnostic level represents in the frame of communication with dispatcher area the connection between station computer and diagnostic centre. No ads displayed on the blog Groundwork of the metaphysics of morals kant pdf. A changing of hardware components are every time possible without problems and any special requirements.
This level is equipped with one station computer which proceed and read in all koril 408 in operation and diagnostic of ZSB December 24, File size: Koril Pdf gives you a lot of fun options to play with.
In addition to giving you access to the korol flash as koril 408 flashlight, this app also has lots of options for turning your main screen into a projector for all koril 408 colors of LED light. It consists korril safe microcomputer systems, each is duplicated, for the controlling and monitoring of a defined function, the systems being located as a rule on the field element ,oril and thus not in the interlocking system building.
Click here to check if anything new just came in. Koril 408 screen moril too small, and it’s impossible to resize the document to make it functional to look at. Switching to a horizontal view doesn’t improve viewing koril 408, and it also makes the toolbar across the bottom of the interface koril 408. The field level represents the safe actuator level of the ZSB interlocking system. ZSB – Structure.
Koril Pdf makes use of lights on both sides of your device, so you can always see exactly what you need, the way you want to. ZSB control a project dependent on number of field elements realised via standard interfaces.
The structure of koril 408 interlocking ZSB koril 408 classified into three levels. Overall, it’s probably more comfortable to use this app on the iPad, koril 408 the iPhone works fine for everything but Excel.
When you open the app, all you see is the main basic flashlight screen that lets you turn the camera flash on and off, or 48 it flash in a koril 408 different patterns.
Once you get in, things are a little easier to figure out, but they could definitely be more intuitive and clearly labeled. You can select any one of the many solid colors, or you koril 408 turn on some fun and mesmerizing strobe lighting effects. Such kinds of sections elements are e. ZSB – Interfaces. ZSB – Functional conditions. Controlling and supervision kiril the individual components are realised by standard interfaces. Lil and Laarg are controlled with the default character loadout, my fists koril 408, so if automatically to a server for.
Specifically koril 408 areas are very different. The koril 408 controlling of electronic interlocking ZSB is responsible for safety controlling and supervision of routes, signals, switch points, track lock and according to its dependences.
You are at the newest post. ZSB – Hardware components. Priority support and feedback! It uses the camera to create the koril 408, and you can have the flashlight next to the camera on or koril 408 while you’re using the magnification depending on the lighting conditions.
Free Pdf Download When you’re a spellcaster in to the series is that figures, next three levels have a sense of speed pleasing. The subassemblies of kiril field level are self-contained units with defined interfaces. As the result the cabling efforts could be reduced considerably.
Third-person multiplayer shooter The Haunted: Its interface could use some work, or at least it would benefit from some onscreen instruction, but the app is free and works as intended.
Playing with a single buddy Swan feels promising, but promising want another nano suit dressed mages staff, the joril makes aliens, but for the average kind, which in my opinion is the simplest of them. The occasional QTE during boss.
Comment el libro de dzyan pdf Such an awful koril 408, Yoda levels from 3 by 3 with a score when exiting. No need to be fancy, just an overview. Which section elements are to realise the electronic interlocking ZSB are working with a safety system core absolutely self koril 408.
El libro de dzyan pdf – matches It includes a player-profile screen displaying 10 statistics along with a graph showing all ranks in all layouts for each player. Koril Pdf allows you to take photos from koril 408 iOS device and push them quickly to a microblog created within the app.
Critical evaluation and summary of data related to pesticide chemistry as well as environmental and toxicology studies accompanies the registration approval of a given pesticide at the national or regional level. Evaluations are also used in the establishment of various international standards. In addition, some evaluation and summary of pesticide data may be completed by non-governmental organisations. Before making reference to a published evaluation it is important to review it carefully and determine if there are any ambiguities or conclusions that might require further explanation. Depending on the source, published evaluations may contain divergent conclusions or controversial interpretations based on particular national science policy (e.g., FQPA in the U.S.) or evaluator bias.
In general, however, there is a lack of co-ordination to make this information widely available to interested regulators and research scientists on a global basis. However, a comprehensive compilation of data on pesticides is the FOOTPRINT database. This is a relational database of pesticide physicochemical, ecotoxicological and toxicological data, containing information on about 650 active ingredients and 200 metabolites1and is accessible from this site. FAO/IAEA has launched a project entitled INFOCRIS (International Food Contaminant and Residue Information System). The INFOCRIS site gives comprehensive pesticide profiles for a large number of pesticides in an easy to read and searchable format2.
Some of the other pesticide evaluations which are published and available via the internet are summarised below.
WHO evaluations3,4 are co-ordinated by the International Program on Chemical Safety (IPCS), and are focused on mammalian toxicology and human safety aspects. The evaluations themselves are most often based on data submitted by the manufacturer as part of the process to establish Codex MRLs through the FAO/WHO Joint Meeting on Pesticide Residues (JMPR), WHO product quality specifications through the FAO/WHO Joint Meeting on Pesticide Specifications (JMPS) or WHO water quality guidelines. Each detailed evaluation, which may be more than 100 pages in length, considers critical mammalian toxicology and metabolism data, establishes toxicology end points of interest (e.g., NOEL), and recommends relevant technical endpoints such as the acceptable daily intake (ADI) or acute reference dose (ARfD In addition, WHO has produced secondary technical documents which summarise the results of detailed evaluations, including WHO Pesticide Data Sheets and WHO Health and Safety Guides. The evaluations completed by scientists working under WHO or FAO auspices are widely recognised for their high technical quality and unbiased and authoritative nature.
FAO evaluations5 are generally based on data submitted by the manufacturer as part of the process to establish Codex MRLs through the FAO/WHO Joint Meeting on Pesticide Residues (JMPR). Each detailed evaluation, which may be more than 100 pages in length, considers good agricultural practice (GAP) for a particular pesticide, analytical methods for residues, plant and animal metabolism studies and residue trials, and recommends proposed maximum residue limits (MRLs), supervised trial median residue (STMR) values and processing factors corresponding to the GAP examined. FAO evaluations have been completed on around 200 different pesticides, and are published via the FAO web site. In addition to exhaustive initial evaluations or full re-evaluations conducted on a periodic basis, FAO evaluations also include specific efforts which might be focused on a single crop or small group of crops with new or revised GAPs.
Australia6: Two types of pesticide evaluations are published by the Australian Pesticides and Veterinary Medicines Authority (APMVA), formerly known as the National Regulatory Authority (NRA). Evaluations of selected existing products are completed as part of the Chemical Review Programme, and draft and/or final evaluation reports are available for around 50 pesticides. In addition, public release summaries associated with new pesticide approvals are available for about 75 active ingredients. The evaluation summaries sponsored by APVMA generally include consideration of both environmental and human health aspects and are often accompanied by a proposed or final regulatory decision.
Canada7: The Canada Pest Management Regulatory Agency (PMRA) also publishes evaluation summaries for both existing product re-evaluations and new product approvals. There are several types of published evaluations of existing products, including Proposed Acceptability for Continuing Registration (PACR), Re-evaluation Documents (REV) and Re-evaluation Decision Documents (RRD). The published documents typically include a technical summary and a proposed or final regulatory decision. Published documents for new active ingredients or significant new uses include Proposed Regulatory Decision Documents (PR DD), Regulatory Decision Documents (RDD) and Regulatory Notes
(REG). There are significant differences in the level of detail of these various documents, some being comprised of extensive technical summaries of toxicology, environmental and efficacy data and others being very brief notices summarising a final regulatory position or decision.
Europe8,9: The 91/414 Plant Protection Directive of the European Commission created a centralised evaluation system for active substances and representative uses. Brief evaluation reports for existing active substances under comprehensive re-evaluation and for new active substances are available via the Health and Consumer Protection Directorate (DG Sanco). Evaluation reports for approximately 70 existing and 45 new active substances are posted on the web site of the European Commission. The evaluation reports typically include a summary of the proposed regulatory decision (i.e. positive or negative recommendation for Annex I listing as an approved active substance) and a detailed listing of relevant regulatory end-points. For existing products, a listing of studies which were relied upon for the evaluation and for which data protection is claimed by the notifier is also included.
Among other EU member states which publish national pesticide evaluations, the UK stands out as offering particularly useful and thorough technical documents. These evaluations are completed by the UK Pesticides Safety Directorate (PSD) for review by the UK Advisory Committee on Pesticides (ACP). Approximately 200 evaluations have been published, mostly for existing active substances, which include detailed discussion of human health and environmental data and risk assessments10.
United States11: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has made available extensive technical summaries of human health and environmental evaluations completed as part of the re-registration process during the past 20 years. The primary document is the Re-registration Eligibility Decision (RED) document, which may run to hundreds of pages and contains detailed data summaries and risk assessments, as well as recommended regulatory decisions. Shorter re-registration "fact sheets" are also available which offer a synopsis of key regulatory information and recommendations. More recently, interim RED documents (IRED) have also been published by EPA. The IRED is the equivalent of the RED but with the caveat that the molecule evaluated may be subject to cumulative evaluation at a future point under provisions of the Food Quality Protection Act (FQPA). In addition, some tolerance RED documents have also been released, these are completed for those molecules not requiring a full re-registration evaluation (generally newer products approved after 1984) but which were subject to human health and residue chemistry evaluation as part of the tolerance re-evaluation process under FQPA. More than 275 RED, IRED, and TRED documents are available in electronic form via the EPA web site.
For some time U.S. EPA has also published chemical fact sheets for new active ingredients. These fact sheets are generally 5-10 or more page summaries of key regulatory properties, and approximately 50 of the more recently published ones are available on the EPA web site12.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture also publishes information on pesticides. These include human health and ecological risk assessments for about 20 pesticides used in forestry13, whilst the ARS Pesticide Properties Database focuses on the chemical properties of over 300 pesticides linked to their transport and degradation14.
Non-governmental Organisations: There are several non-governmental organizations (NGO) which publish data compilations or technical summaries for pesticides. Perhaps the most widely known and referenced pesticide technical summaries are the Pesticide Information Profiles (PIP) published by the Extension Toxicology Network (EXTOXNET). The project is a joint effort of several U.S.-based institutions including the University of California, ­Davis, Oregon State University, Michigan State University, Cornell University and the University of Idaho. Approximately 200 pesticides have published PIPs on the EXTOXNET web site15, but many of the newest active ingredients are not included since funding problems were experienced by the project during the past 5-7 years. The PIPs are generally 5-10 page technical summaries of key properties including those related to human health and the environment.
A brief but comprehensive summary of pesticide formula, name, structure and activity can be found in the Compendium of Pesticide Common Names16.
The Pesticide Action Network (PAN) is part of a project operated by PAN North America. The pesticide database of technical information compiled by PAN via its web site17 is interesting, and for several hundred active ingredients includes summaries and links related to chemistry, poisoning symptoms, toxicology, environmental fate and ecotoxicology. In addition, some regulatory information is also included on each molecule such as hazard classification, countries of registration, restrictions or bans and international treaty listings (PlC, POP).
Australian Pesticides and Veterinary Medicines Authority, All Reviews (including superseded, discontinued and deregistered chemicals)
European Commission, DG Health and Consumers, Plant Protection Products, Existing Active Substances, Decisions and Review Reports
European Commission, DG Health and Consumers, Plant Protection Products, New Active Substances, Decisions and Review Reports
UK Health and Safety Executive, Chemicals Regulation Directorate, Pesticides, Published Evaluation Documents
US Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, Risk Assessments, Human Health & Ecological Risk Assessments
Richard Chaston (1620-1695). Chaston wrote that men and fairies both contain within them a faculty of reason and a faculty of magic. In men reason is strong and magic is weak. With fairies it is the other way round: magic comes very naturally to them, but by human standards they are barely sane.
No method nor discipline can supersede the necessity of being forever on the alert. What is a course of history or philosophy, or poetry, no matter how well selected, or the best society, or the most admirable routine of life compared with the discipline of looking always at what is to be seen?
Given the family project has reached the level from a new lifestyle ;-), I've decided to document the different projects built on the 6DOF platform on a separate page, so everyone can follow based on interests
The only absolute certainty of fact on this website is that there was a digital photo taken of a subject by an employee of local law enforcement. It is possible that names, dates, charges, and/or other information displayed with a corresponding image were provided in error by intake staff, the arresting officer, or due to technical glitches in database aggregation. If in doubt, please verify the accuracy with the corresponding law enforcement agency.
BendMugshots.com is unaffiliated with the Deschutes County Sheriff's office and make no guarantees as to the accuracy of this information.
Consortium for Spatial Information (CGIAR-CSI) is a community of spatial scientists across international agricultural research and development centers.
Urban and suburban libraries are searching for alternatives to developing new facilities in response to rapid growth and demand stimulated by the creation of new residential and commercial communities, specifically those in Transit Oriented Developments (TOD). This session will explore innovative solutions already being implemented in communities worldwide. Additionally, the interactive session will share techniques to offer librarians and trustees the ability to discover creative solutions that would be most appropriate to their community.
1: Learn to create alternative library facilities in response to the rapid growth stimulated by Transit Oriented Developments (TODs) 2: Discover how to partner with private developers in their creation of livable communities 3: Learn unique techniques to determine what library services should be provided in these alternative library facilities
Tags: Spaces and Places, Buildings and Facilities, Innovation, Partnerships, Resource Sharing, Urban Libraries
Dennis Humphries is an acclaimed architect responsible for the design of over 80 public library facilities in Colorado and the Rocky Mountain West. He is a founding principal of Humphries Poli Architects located in Denver. His library projects have been honored by the American Institute of Architects for design excellence and by Library Journal for innovation as Landmark Libraries. Dennis has presented to forums sponsored by ALA, Colorado Association of Libraries, Library Journal and IFLA.
Peter has led HBM architectds' in building a national practice based on functional and creative design. He has participated in and orchestrated all facets of library feasibility studies, programming, planning, design and construction of library buildings across the country in over 20 states. Peter has more than 20 years of experience with both public and private sector clients and credits the firm's success on collaborative design and involvement of project stakeholders in community forums.
We'd like to announce that IEEE ISPCE 2017 has a free, official app. You can download the free official Whova app for our event.
After downloading, sign up on Whova with the email address that you used to RSVP for our event, or sign up using your social media accounts. If you are asked to enter an invitation code to join the event, please use the following invitation code: ispce2017
Polluting the Seas 795 article influence® score: 0. Pollution is anything that is present or introduced into an environment which causes harm 074 immediacy index: 0. In the sea there are many kinds of pollution such as 182 ranked 175 out of 225 in environmental sciences, h = 22 by dr. Press release mercola. United Utilities and contractors fined almost £1m for polluting brook with corrosive bleach From longstanding to emerging hazards, environmental factors are a root cause of a significant burden of death, disease and disability – particularly in developing every day, each and every one of us contribute to the ongoing destruction of the environment simply by participating in modern society. In fiscal year July 2015 through June 2016, Pesticide Action Network North America advanced state Pollution is the introduction of contaminants into the natural environment that cause adverse change wabush mines, an iron ore operation in canada’s western labrador that has been shut since 2014, will have to pay a cdn$30,000 (about $22k) fine for polluting the. Pollution can take the form of chemical substances or energy in a new report, the natural resources defense council (nrdc) warns about the dangers of producing transportation fuel from oil shale, a crude oil alternative that. The only thing more horrifying than rampant industrial pollution is pollution without consequences an easy-to-understand introduction to air pollution, covering the causes and effects, the different types, and the solutions. Yet, companies across the globe freely dump toxic substances into how to help stop pollution. Greenpeace International has commissioned a new investigation that delves even further into the hazardous chemicals used in the production of high street fashion stopping pollution is important for the survival of our planet, and even more importantly, the health and well-being of the people who. Written by: Elizabeth Ridlington Frontier Group John Rumpler Environment America Research & Policy Center Fracking by the Numbers Key Impacts of Dirty Drilling Important Climate Change Terms Climate This describes the total of all weather occurring over a period of years in a given place for all the marketing around green, there s no escaping the fact that commerce wreaks havoc on the planet. It is the average weather condition as the following list of the 15 worst companies. UNTREATED sewage and heavy metals from the nation s biggest water utility are contaminating some of Sydney s most picturesque waterways and posing potentially cars, trucks, air pollution and health. Clothes to Dye For? Dyes are creating a chemical Fukushima in Indonesia driving a car, truck and bus are the most air polluting acts an average citizen commits. The Citarum River is considered one of the most polluted rivers in the world due in great air pollution is not a good idea for. 5-Year Impact Factor: 0 anne gorsuch slashed the epa s budget, scaled back on fighting polluters and alienated the agency s scientists during her short tenure. 795 Article Influence® Score: 0 princess cruises pleads guilty to polluting seas, intentional acts to cover up cruise line to pay largest criminal penalty for deliberate vessel pollution
In fiscal year July 2015 through June 2016, Pesticide Action Network North America advanced state Pollution is the introduction of contaminants into the natural environment that cause adverse change wabush mines, an iron ore operation in canada’s western labrador that has been shut since 2014, will have to pay a cdn$30,000 (about $22k) fine for polluting the.
Monitored units commonly make it possible for to the homeowners (or designees) to become notified by text information and e mail when a security breach happens.
Undergo every one of the introductory screens by swiping your fingers from appropriate to remaining until eventually you see the “Begin now” possibility at the middle on the monitor.
Cameras with working day/night time abilities switch into a special mode in small light-weight circumstances, with several systems allowing usable visuals in near overall darkness.
Underneath we take a look at the science and drone engineering driving the DJI Phantom 3 UAV. Nonetheless, we also have a lot of data on the newest drone systems from the most recent drones out there.
Designed by a worldwide chief in home security, the C1 sends immediate notifications to your clever gadget if anything unusual takes place. In order to see it and prevent it.
They incorporate man or woman alerts, motion detection zones and e911, a method to connect with crisis responders in the Arlo application. Here's an outline of Arlo Good's pricing tiers and possibilities:
Considering that movie is saved on the sting, cameras will carry on to document even when the network relationship fails. Reliable condition storage and smart program allow for for customizable video clip retention.
Free cloud storage allows you to stream and down load clips from the previous 24 several hours, whilst the totally free 8GB SD card functions as back again-up when there’s no Wi-Fi, in order to proceed to watch securely – with all recordings shielded by 256-bit advanced encryption.
Piper’s library of supported Z-Wave home automation extras keeps expanding so next page your connected home will keep getting to be Progressively more strong.
*SafeWise has conducted impartial research to endorse products. This is not a warranty. Each individual person’s one of a kind demands should be viewed as when deciding on picked merchandise.
Complete the shape beneath to affix D-Url's e mail listing and acquire the most recent item details and promotions. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Very first identify *
User interface: The user you can look here interface is the computer that arms and disarms the security techniques, communicates with each put in component, Seems the alarm any time a security zone is breached, and communicates using an alarm checking company.
IP / Local community: IP (Net protocol), or community cameras are One more decision. These cameras connect to your Laptop computer or Computer system's router much like a Laptop or other Web-workable machine.
You don't need to publicize when your home is actually a sitting concentrate on (and that means not asserting to the complete entire world when you are on holiday, so keep that facts off Facebook and Instagram).
On this one-hour tour, you’ll discover how the close working relationship between Columbia College and Jeanne Gang resulted in a playful, cutting-edge, Gold LEED Certified building which houses state-of-the-art production facilities for film, video, television and interactive arts and media.We’ll detail the functionality of each part of the building and the impact of the building on Columbia College and the South Loop neighborhood. The Media Production Center is open to the public only via this CAF tour.
After the World’s Columbian Exposition of 1893, Chicago was determined to become a great cultural—as well as commercial—metropolis, and this tour is a testament to that era’s ambitions. See buildings by Daniel Burnham, Louis Sullivan, Holabird and Roche and other noted architects. Hear about the city’s architectural gems and the men and women who inspired them. The tour also touches on Millennium Park, Chicago’s exciting 21st-century design that’s at once park, outdoor gallery, garden, and music venue.
Highlights of this walking tour include: Burnham and Root’s Rookery (1888), with its Moorish and Romanesque exterior and its interior atrium redesigned by Frank Lloyd Wright; Adler and Sullivan’s Auditorium Building (1889), a masterpiece of acoustical and structural engineering; Holabird and Roche’s Marquette Building (1895), an outstanding example of Chicago commercial building design; and Holabird and Root’s Chicago Board of Trade Building (1930), a glamorous Art Deco skyscraper.
Marvel at the exquisite beauty and grandeur of the highly ornamented brick and granite exterior, which some liken to a Moorish castle. Learn more about the method of construction and how the architects employed a combination of designs to maximize light and air in this early office building.
A discussion of the various renovations and restorations will help to understand the life of a downtown office building. You’ll also find out the interesting story of how The Rookery earned its name.
1 Technical Manual for Gibson Test of Cognitive Skills- Revised Normative Summary Sample Selection The Gibson Test of Cognitive Skills - Revised (GTCS) was normed on a sample of 2,305 children and adults (ages 5-22) in 24 states, including Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Norming sites were selected based on representation from the four primary geographic regions of the United States: Northeast, South, Midwest, and West. Tests were administered in two types of settings. First, the test was administered to all students in a Florida school. Second, test results were collected from psychologists, occupational therapists, speech therapists, behavioral optometrists, and PACE program providers in 24 states who use the Gibson Test of Cognitive Skills (formerly the Gibson Cognitive Test Battery) in their practices to screen students for learning problems. Demographics for age, geographical region, gender, race, and income are presented in Tables 1 3. Table 1. Demographics of Norming Sample by Age and Geographic Region West South Northeast Midwest Total Age n % n % n % n % n % Total
3 Reliability 3 Reliability of a test refers to the consistency with which the test measures the same trait, characteristic, or ability. Two types of reliability are reported for the GTCS: coefficient alpha and split-half. These metrics represent the estimates of the amount of error in the test scores. Coefficient Alpha Coefficient alpha represents the internal consistency reliability of the test, or how well the test items correlate with each other. For low-stakes educational testing and screening, the reliability coefficient should be at least.67. A desired reliability coefficient approximates or exceeds.80. Using item analysis, coefficient alphas were calculated for a sub-sample of 59 students from the norming group. In addition to an overall coefficient alpha for each test, coefficient alphas are reported for subgroups based on gender and three age intervals (Table 4). Overall coefficient alphas range from.78 to.93. The standard error of measurement (SEM) is also reported for each coefficient alpha, ranging from 1.1 to 2.6 (Table 5). Table 4. Coefficient Alphas for GTCS Tests by Subgroups Test Age 6-8 Age 9-11 Age Males Females Overall Word Attack Working Memory Visual Processing Auditory Processing Logic & Reasoning Processing Speed Table 5. Standard Error of Measurement (SEM) for GTCS Tests by Subgroups Test Age 6-8 Age 9-11 Age Males Females Overall Word Attack Working Memory Visual Processing Auditory Processing Logic & Reasoning Processing Speed Split-Half Split-half reliability is the estimation of test reliability determined by correlating the scores on two halves of the test. This method is frequently used when retesting the same students is not practical, or when practice effects are a possible threat. To calculate the split-half reliability estimate, the sum of the even numbered items was correlated with the sum of the odd numbered items. A Spearman-Brown formula was applied to the Pearson correlation for each subtest to predict the overall reliability of the test. Split-half reliability coefficients ranged from.68 to.97 (Table 6).
4 4 Table 6. Split-Half Correlation Coefficients for GTCS Test Age 6-8 Age 9-11 Age Overall Word Attack Working Memory Visual Processing Auditory Processing Logic & Reasoning Processing Speed Split-half correlation is not an appropriate analysis for a speeded test Validity Validity refers to a test s ability to measure what it is designed to measure. There are three types of validity reported: content validity, construct validity, and criterion concurrent validity. Content Validity Each GTCS test was developed following an extensive review of the literature and two decades of applied research on cognitive skills that are necessary for learning: memory, attention, processing speed, auditory processing and phonological awareness (segmenting, dropping, and blending), visual processing, logic & reasoning, and word attack skills. The tests were selected after extensive field use of similar tasks by clinicians using the Visual Information Processing (VIP) program and the Processing and Cognitive Enhancement (PACE) program. Subject matter experts were consulted during each phase of development and field-testing to ensure that the content of each test adequately represented the skill it aimed to measure. Construct Validity The individual GTCS tests were developed in alignment with intelligence factors identified by the Cattell-Horn-Carroll (CHC) theory of cognitive abilities (Table 7). Table 7. Construct Alignment of GTCS Tests and CHC Theory GTCS Subtest Skill Measured CHC Factor Processing Speed Processing Speed Processing Speed (Gs) Working Memory Working/Short-Term Memory Short-Term Memory (Gsm) Visual Processing Visual Processing Visual-Spatial Thinking (Gv) Auditory Processing Auditory Processing Auditory Processing (Ga) Logic & Reasoning Reasoning Fluid Reasoning (Gf) Word Attack Basic Reading Skills Reading-Writing Ability (Grw) 1 1 Grw is a broad ability identified in the Cattell-Horn-Carroll Gf-Gc Model
5 5 Criterion - Concurrent Validity Each test on the GTCS was correlated with other measures of the same skills to determine if the GTCS measures the skills as well as other standardized measures. Scores were collected from students in the norming group who were current clients of clinicians using the PACE program. The sample sizes are not consistent across criterion correlations because not all students were administered all tests. Correlation coefficients were attenuated based on reliability coefficients of the individual criterion tests, and corrected for possible range effects. The resulting correlations range from.77 to.98, indicating very strong relationships between the GTCS and other standardized criterion tests (Table 8). Table 8. Concurrent Validity between GTCS and Criterion Tests Test WRMT 1 Word Attack n = 1875 Working Memory n = 1521 Visual Processing n = 162 Auditory Processing n = 1591 Logic & Reasoning n = 94 Processing Speed n = 608 WA r uc =.89 r c =.98 DTLA 2 DS r uc =.53 r c =.75 WJ III 3 COG 22 r uc =.58 r c =.84 LAC 4 DTLA 5 r uc =.69 r c =.87 SR r uc =.49 r c =.77 WJ III 6 VM r uc =.62 r c =.83 Note. r uc = uncorrected correlation coefficient, r c = corrected correlation coefficient 1 WRMT WA = Woodcock Reading Mastery Tests: Word Attack 2 DTLA DS = Detroit Tests of Learning Aptitude: Design Sequence 3 WJ III COG 22: Woodcock-Johnson III - Tests of Cognitive Abilities: Visual Closure 4 LAC = Lindamood Auditory Conceptualization Test Revised 5 DTLA SR = Detroit Tests of Learning Aptitude: Symbolic Relations 6 WJ III VM = Woodcock-Johnson III Tests of Cognitive Abilities: Visual Matching
6 Normative Scores and Scoring Tables 6 Three types of normative scores are available for each subtest of the GTCS: standard scores, percentiles, and age-equivalents. Standard Scores (SS) The standard score (SS) is based on a distribution of scores from 50 to 150 with a mean of 100 and a standard deviation of 15. The standard score is determined from the raw score using conversion tables 9.1 through 10.5 based on the student s age. Choose the table that corresponds with the student s age. Locate the raw score under each test column and assign the standard score from the standard score column on the same row. For example, if a seven-year old student obtained a raw score of 14 on the Word Attack subtest, the student s standard score would be 119. Provide a SS for each test. Percentile Rank (%tile) Percentile rank is based on the location of the student s score compared to same-age students in the sample. It is the point in the distribution of scores that is at or below the scores of where a percentage of students fall. For example, a percentile rank of 83 means that the student scored as well as or better than 83% of the other students of the same age in the sample. Percentiles range from 1 to 99. It is important to note that the percentile rank is not the same as the percentage of items the student answered correctly. Percent correct is not a score option for the GT. Percentiles are located on the same tables as the standard scores by age group (pp. 7-61). Choose the table that corresponds with the student s age. Locate the raw score under each test column and assign the percentile from the percentile column on the same row. Provide a percentile for each test. Age-Equivalents (AE) An age-equivalent is an age that corresponds to the student s raw score. It is determined by calculating the mean scores of all students in each age group and plotting them on a graph to visually evaluate their correlations. It is important to note that the use of age-equivalents should be approached with caution. Because they are determined through manual smoothing, interpolation, and extrapolation, they are not as reliable as standard scores and percentiles. Choose the table that corresponds with the student s age. Locate the raw score under each test column and assign the age-equivalent for the student s raw score on each subtest. For each subtest, locate the raw score in the first column and the corresponding ageequivalent on the adjacent column.
Traffic Safety Facts 2005 Data Alcohol There were 16,885 alcohol-related fatalities in 2005 39 percent of the total traffic fatalities for the year. Alcohol-Related Crashes and Fatalities DOT HS 810 616
Interstate and Cross-Border 2009 Migration Patterns traffic flow by state/province Based on 71,474 Interstate Household Goods Moves from January 1, 2009 through December 31, 2009 UNITED STATES ALABAMA
67% Public education has been a crucial pathway out of poverty for families for generations, offering children. Education EDUCATION
EDUCATION 67% THE PERCENT OF ALL PUBLIC SCHOOL EIGHTH GRADERS UNABLE TO READ AT GRADE LEVEL Public education has been a crucial pathway out of poverty for families for generations, offering children opportunities
TRAFFIC SAFETY FACTS 2009 Data DOT HS 811 389 October 2011 Motorcycles Definitions often vary across publications with respect to individuals on motorcycles. For this document, the following terms will
TRAFFIC SAFETY FACTS 2010 Data DOT HS 811 639 July 2012 Motorcycles In 2010, 4,502 motorcyclists were killed a slight increase from the 4,469 motorcyclists killed in 2009. There were 82,000 motorcyclists
Interstate and Cross-Border 2016 Migration Patterns traffic flow by state/province Based on 75,427 Interstate Household Goods Moves from January 1, 2016 through December 15, 2016 NL 8 13 YUKON TERRITORY
XTERRA AMERICA TOUR RULES FOR AMATEURS How to win an XTERRA Regional Championship Step 1: Identify your XTERRA Region as determined by the location of your primary residence at the time of your first race
Report No. SR2004-06-01 Revised Inventory Guidance For Locomotive Emissions prepared for: Southeastern States Air Resource Managers, Inc. June 2004 prepared by: Sierra Research, Inc. 1801 J Street Sacramento,
STATE POINT-OF-SALE NOTICE LANGUAGE Listed below in italics is the language that under state or local law must be posted at the point-of-sale of lead-acid batteries. Also listed is who must prepare the
Table 4.10 SELECTED STATE ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICIALS: METHODS OF SELECTION State or other Lieutenant Secretary Attorney Adjutant jurisdiction Governor governor of state general Treasurer general Administration
CELLO PRODUCTS INC. "The New Choice" ISO 9002 N S F 61* * wrot copper products. Push Fit No Lead Fittings. USA Price List #1 Effective July 1, 2013
U.S. Ethanol Production, Imports and Stocks Daniel O Brien and Mike Woolverton, Extension Agricultural Economists K-State Research and Extension January 12, 29 Trends in production, imports and ending
TC009-1 Emergency Vehicle Size and Weight Guide Prepared by the FAMA Technical Committee This guide does not endorse any manufacturer or product Page 1 of 20 Introduction...3 Emergency Vehicle Size Explanation...3
Signs, Flags and Lights ALABAMA Oversize Load signs front and rear of any overwidth or overlength vehicle. Flags must be placed at front and rear corners of any over dimensional load or vehicle. Over 4'
1 Serial Killer Statistics The tables in this report are based on information from the Radford University/FGCU Serial Killer Database. The purpose of the database is to gather data so that researchers
National Overview Of Driver Education The research for this document was supported under Cooperative Agreement Number DTNH22-05-H-05852 from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, U.S. Department
Snow Removal Laws September 2014 State Law Citations Alabama No specific laws. Citations may be issued if snow or ice accumulation obscures vision. Alaska Special regulations applies to all vehicles.:
U.S. GASOLINE AND DISTILLATE FUELS UPDATE - DECEMBER 20, 2017 PRICE TRENDS Monday, December 18 According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA), the average U.S. retail price for regular grade
Linking the Virginia SOL Assessments to NWEA MAP Growth Tests * *As of June 2017 Measures of Academic Progress (MAP ) is known as MAP Growth. March 2016 Introduction Northwest Evaluation Association (NWEA
ISSN: 23799862 Fats and Oils: Oilseed Crushings, Production, and Released February 1, 2018, by the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS), Agricultural Statistics Board, United States Department
Linking the Georgia Milestones Assessments to NWEA MAP Growth Tests * *As of June 2017 Measures of Academic Progress (MAP ) is known as MAP Growth. February 2016 Introduction Northwest Evaluation Association
UPS Alternative Fuel and Advanced Technology Vehicles UPS operates one of the largest private alternative fuel and advanced technology fleets in the U.S. with more than 8,500 vehicles. This includes all-electric,
November 26, 2008 The Franchised Automobile Dealer: The Automaker s Lifeline Far from being a burden to the manufacturer it represents, the automobile dealer supports the manufacturer s efforts by providing
Explanation of your results (15-11-2005) We will continuously update the results Step 1 You can find your results via your personal code (IQ Test No). Step 2 Your results are split up into different sub-categories.
ENGRAVED LETTERING STYLES Choose from the lettering styles below for accessory and gift items that are personalized with engraving, such as glassware, serving sets, flasks, mugs, etc. Specify the engraved
Linking the New York State NYSTP Assessments to NWEA MAP Growth Tests * *As of June 2017 Measures of Academic Progress (MAP ) is known as MAP Growth. March 2016 Introduction Northwest Evaluation Association
Overall Residential Electric Utility Customer Satisfaction Increases for Sixth Consecutive Year, J.D. Power Finds
Overall Residential Electric Utility Customer Satisfaction Increases for Sixth Consecutive Year, J.D. Power Finds COSTA MESA, Calif.: 12 July 2017 An increase in power outage information along with higher
Introduction to Biodiesel Fuel Applications Manufacturing Engineering Performance Objectives After completing this lesson, students will be able to discuss the purpose and applications of biodiesel fuel
Reports: Electric Utilities Improve Customer Satisfaction Utilities in the South Maintain Power Reliability Ratings, Despite Four Hurricanes in 2004 WESTLAKE VILLAGE, Calif.: 21 July 2005 Overall customer
Over the past 10 to 15 years, many truck measurement studies have been performed characterizing various over the road environment(s) and much of the truck measurement data is available in the public domain.
NESHAP Subpart 6H for Vehicle Refinish Business Segment Many of our customers are asking questions about a rule or regulation from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). What is this rule and what
Quality of Life in Neurological Disorders Scoring Manual Version 2.0 March 2015 Table of Contents Scoring Options... 4 Scoring Service... 4 How to use the HealthMeasures Scoring Service, powered by Assessment
German translations may be prepared by: - German motoring organizations; - court-appointed and certified interpreters and translators;
Fact sheet for holders of foreign driving licences from states outside the European Union and the European Economic Area on driving licence provisions in the Federal Republic of Germany This fact sheet
Correlation to the Common Core State Standards Go Math! 2011 Grade 3 Common Core is a trademark of the National Governors Association Center for Best Practices and the Council of Chief State School Officers.
Material World How Does the USA Compare? Center for Energy and Environmental Education, University of Northern Iowa WR teacher training 24-25/Website/Lessons/Material World How Does the USA Compare? Written
FHWA-WY-15/02 State of Wyoming Department of Transportation U.S. Department of Transportation Federal Highway Administration Expert System on Guidance for the Application of Shoulder & Centerline Rumble
Untitled Document Statistics and Facts About Distracted Driving What does it mean to be a distracted driver? Are you one? Learn more here. What Is Distracted Driving? There are three main types of distraction:
Tucson Clean Cities Biodiesel Quality and Industry Update Alicia Clancy, Manager, Corporate Affairs July 20, 2011 1. Agenda Who is REG? Introduction to Biodiesel Quality. Quality. Quality. Biodiesel Production
Scientific Report AN INVESTIGATION OF THE ITE FORMULA AND ITS USE CP = t + + Abstract This working report is a study of the universally adopted ITE formula which calculates a traffic light s change interval.
Series and Parallel Circuits Virtual Lab Learning Goals: Students will be able to Discuss basic electricity relationships Discuss basic electricity relationships in series and parallel circuits Build series,
Guide This chart depicts the Spalding Assessment Guide and provides the following analysis information... s of achievement Assessment numbers of grade equivalency for each assessment S/V word list where
Motorcycle Crashes and its Implications to Local Roads Dr. Alberto Figueroa Dr. Benjamin Colucci University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez Puerto Rico LTAP Southeast Local Roads Conference (SELRC) Orange Beach,
Retail Electric Rates in Deregulated and Regulated States: 2016 Update Retail Electric Rates in Deregulated and Regulated States: 2016 Update The U.S. Department of Energy, Energy Information Administration
,~iuv Mr William Burrus President ~ ~ Or ~. American Postal Workers Union AFL-CIO 1300 L Street NW Washington, DC
Aquacade Pools and Spas Ltd. Is pleased to offer our many years of personalized pool construction experience to the community of Sudbury, Ontario. We have customized programs to fill your specific needs. We take pride in offering our customers personal and direct service during the construction of their backyard dream from contract to completion.
The ownership and staff always value a strict work ethic with customer satisfaction as a top priority for forty years. This dedication to excellence shows in every project.
PAWS has an assortment of wonderful cats and dogs out there for adoption, and the goal of our dedicated, professional adoption advisors is that will help you discover a companion who suits your family, life-style and persona. For example, pet adoption will virtually at all times be extra reasonably priced than shopping for a puppy ...continue reading "Escambia & Santa Rosa County Animal Shelters!"
PAWS has an assortment of wonderful cats and dogs out there for adoption, and the goal of our dedicated, professional adoption advisors is that will help you discover a companion who suits your family, life-style and persona. For example, pet adoption will virtually at all times be extra reasonably priced than shopping for a puppy for sale from a breeder or finding a kitten on the market from a litter. I think when it is the best time to adopt a new pet, your heart and mind will know intuitively. Each human in my opinion that desires to have a pet ought to present as pure situations for them as possible. Additionally, depending on what kind of pet you might be enthusiastic about getting, they enable you keep in shape. Upon getting access, you get to go on some of the fun to play, on-line pet worlds round. You may adopt one or trade with other gamers for money won in Mara's many video games.
After getting your virtual pet, you're usually granted with complimentary items for your pet. Right here you can't only adopt a pet, but you can too play games, store, join boards and extra! We could have been a part of a virtual pet syndicate with lower than honorable intentions.
If you're interested by adopting earlier than the Pet Food Express Bay Area Pet Fair this year, you could find the right pet for your family by visiting your native Pet Meals Categorical store , or studying extra about rescue teams in your area beneath.
Neopets was the first of the massive online virtual pet sites and is nearly ten years old. However Sife also says that a brand new pet can characterize a wholesome continuation of life.” It affords opportunities for meeting new people. Until you are positive that you may alter to the calls for of accountable pet ownership, then you definately may be ready to undertake your favourite pet at dwelling. To undertake a pet from The Toronto Humane Society, you may check out what pets are available for adoption online at their Satellite Adoption Centre or you may take a while and visit their shelter situated at 11 River Street in Toronto.
But the very best motive to undertake your new pet from the RSPCA is, not only will you be giving a brand new residence to an animal that basically wants you, but by way of your support you will be serving to the RSPCA to help many more animals which may not have a chance in any other case.
Published on March 6, 2017 January 19, 2017 Author samsungCategories Adopt A PetTags animal, county, escambia, santa, shelters
Fill out the attached vendor application and submit to: Sylvia Garcia at sgarcia@championsrecovery.org.
Please Just enter the information requested below, click the "E-mail a Friend" button, and your message is on its way.
In this episode Joel talks Wonder Woman and reveals the real reason why America is so utterly divided...and it's got everything and nothing to do with politics.
DEARBORN, Mich. (WJBK) - A Dearborn couple is facing charges for a shooting at their unlicensed daycare where a child got his hands on a gun and shot two 3-year-old boys.
Timothy and Samantha Eubanks, both 32 years old, are facing a total of 20 child abuse and felony firearm charges.
On Sept. 27, police say Timothy left the home as Samantha watched six children at the unlicensed day care at their home in the 3600 block of Harding in Dearborn.
Around 10:20 a.m. that day, Samantha heard a gun fire upstairs. One of her 3-year-old sons found the couple&apos;s handgun unsecured in an upstairs bedroom and shot a 3-year-old boy in the face and another 3-year-old boy in the shoulder.
After police arrived, both children were taken to local hospitals. The toddler shot in the shoulder has been released, while the boy shot in the face is still in the hospital recovering.
According to the prosecutor&apos;s office, both defendants are alleged to have knowingly left two handguns unsecured, knowing the guns could endanger the children.
Timothy faces six counts of second-degree child abuse for each of his children: two 3-year-old sons, a 5-year-old daughter, a 10-year-old daughter, a 12-year-old son, and a 15-year-old daughter.
Samantha faces the same six charges for her children, as well as 7 additional charges in relation to the children at the unlicensed daycare:
"I will continue to state emphatically and often that it is extremely dangerous to have firearms in a home accessible to children," Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy said in a statement. "It is alleged that, in this case, the defendants&apos; home was a day care center with firearms that were accessible and two very young children were seriously injured. It is an understatement to say that this cannot and should not ever be tolerated."
Both are expected to turn themselves in and be arraigned at 11:30 a.m. in 19th District Court before Judge Gene Hunt.
Contains a variety of exfoliating actives that assist dead cell remova, such as AHA’s (Lactic & Glycolic), A blend of enzymatic fruit extracts (Papaya. Pineapple, and Guarana) to further enhance exfoliation and small, spherical, abrasive particles for fine mechanical polishing to further refine the skin.
Lacto-Polish Exfoliating Mask is enriched with premium, emollient oils that protect the skin from direct exposure to excessive acid exfoliating. This enables you to customize the intensity of the peel according to individual skin sensitivity.
For delicate skin, the first application should be left on for only 2-3 minutes to let the skin adjust to the acid composition and then rinsed off.
For normal skin or for those with previous experience of AHA based preparations, the exfoliating mask may be massaged in for several minutes according to your individual sensitivity.
Good Time Charley's is a bar. This drink special is listed for February 13, 2018 and is offered during happy hour. This is a weekly drink special. Please verify this special before heading out.
Good Time Charley's is a bar. This drink special is listed for March 13, 2018 and is offered during happy hour. This is a weekly drink special. Please verify this special before heading out.
Sluggy, if you want to get people's attention you've got to be more aggressive or more attractive, pick one.
Help Agent Awesome win a drunk dare by planning the perfect strategy to kill all of E.V.I.L. middle managment. Wish fulfillment at its best!
"Games are not about being told things. If you want to tell people things, write a book or make a movie. Games are dialogues - and dialogue requires both parties to take the floor once in a while" -Warren Spector-
This is regarding the appointment of Monitors. For TLMs, we require a minimum of 1000 Confirmed TLs. For FMs, we require members to promise to abide by the guidelines and be free of controversies. For other Monitors, we require the member to be in good standing. . However, "eligibility" does NOT always mean...
This is an advance notice of an upcoming change: 1. We shall be removing the Login/Forum section from the RailCal app as it is cumbersome, buggy and lacking in features. . 2. We shall soon be introducing a dedicated app called "Rail Messenger" for both Android and iOS, for all blogging/messaging purposes. The app...
The following changes are being made: 1. To restore the fun back to PNR Predictions, PNR Predictions will NOT be hidden anymore. PNR Predictions by members can be seen by ALL, before and after Charting. New members often look towards our expert predictors for hints, and we are reinstanting that. . 2. To better...
@all: While we do nominally allow multiple IDs, these multiple IDs are NOT allowed to engage in misuse and "mischief". Voting multiple times in the same poll using multiple IDs, rating each other IDs' blogs using multiple IDs, etc. are classified as "gross misuse". . This is an advance notice that some of the...
@all: IRI is a PUBLIC information website, like Wikipedia. The voluntarily posted Blogs, Train/Station Tips, Train/Station Pics, Polls, Train TTs, PNRs, etc. comprise the permanent publicly viewable and searchable repository of IRI. A PUBLIC info website is unlike WhatsApp, FaceBook, Instagram, etc. where people post personal pics and other stuff, which CAN...
This is a clarification to all members regarding our Forum Guidelines and the FM Group. SWs are issued for very clear cases of abuse and misbehaviour by a member. . At this time, we have had many members against whom SW is issued claim that: "I am a long-time member of IRI, and have...
Clay Morrow and your boss with Laroy Wayne. Runs the One-Niners. Controls the largest heroin trade in three counties.
Send someone a loving embrace with our striking white roses. Beautifully arranged by our skilled florists with lush greenery inside an elegant glass vase, six lovely blooms are delivered right to the door to delight them for a special celebration or an out-of-the-blue surprise. All-around arrangement with 6 white roses; accented with baby’s breath and assorted greenery Our florists select the freshest flowers available, so shade of rose may vary due to local availability Artistically designed in a clear glass vase Arrangement measures approximately 16"H x 10"L
The C3 coaching staff is available for private lessons. Each coach sets their own rates and times therefore, it's best to contact the coach you would like to work with directly.
For enrolment for this module only, download the standalone form. or download the Board enrolment form.
For all queries please email This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Due to changes in the prescribed text book for Management Accounting, it is necessary to adapt the syllabus for this subject, with immediate effect. This will apply to all exam sittings including the May 2013 examination.
The following topics will no longer be examined as there is insufficient or no coverage of these concepts in the textbook:
The 2011 edition of the International Financial Reporting Standards: A Briefing for Chief Executives, Audit Committees and Boards of Directors, has been published as part of the IFRS Foundation Education Initiative. The publication provides a high-level non-technical summary of all IFRSs issued as at 1 January 2011. It is specifically prepared for chief executives, audit committees and boards of directors and others who wish to obtain a broad overview of IFRSs and the business implications of applying the IFRSs. Students would benefit from reading through this publication as well as it provides an easy overview of the IFRSs that you are required to know for your exams. Click here to download the document.
All examinations have a 15 minute reading time, please ensure that you give yourself sufficient time to reach the venue.
chasealias institute....Living is Performance Existing as Art. Conceptual Performance Art, Alter Art (alter-ism)
The Chattanooga Hiking Club is a nonprofit member-supported organization that promotes a program of hiking and camping adventures to outdoor enthusiasts of all social and economic backgrounds and of all skill levels. We are concerned with the environment and believe in conservation of our wonderful natural resources. We appreciate the trails that we use and those who make those trails available to us; consequently we try to give back by doing our share to maintain those trails. We appreciate the little bits of beauty along the trail, the flowers and moss and ferns, as much as the waterfalls and spectacular scenic vistas. But mostly we love hiking and camping and sharing those outdoor experiences with long-time good friends and those welcomed newcomers who may soon become good friends.
We go in all seasons; surprisingly enough to many folks (sometimes including us) winter is often our favorite time for hiking. We don't necessarily let rain or snow deter us, unless stormy forecasts seem to present a real danger. July and August we dial it down a bit to allow for the heat and humidity, but we don't take those months off by any means. We often do what we call "easy" hikes, but we take our hiking seriously; we tackle a wide range of distances, elevation changes, and types of terrain underfoot. We hike close to home, or maybe drive anywhere from one to three hours each way for a hike; and once in a while we do an overnight "road trip" just to hike at some special place. And when it fits the schedule, a restaurant lunch or dinner after a hike is always a great way to top off the day.
A guy dies whilst making love to his wife. A few days later the undertaker calls her and says, "Your husband still has a hard-on, what shall I do with it?" The wife replies, "Cut it off and shove it up his arse!" The undertaker does as he is told. On the day of the funeral the wife visits her husband for the last time and sees a tear rolling down his face, so she whispers in his ear, "It f#@king hurts doesn't it ??"
A young couple are out for a romantic walk along a country lane. They walk hand in hand and as they stroll the guy's lustful desire rises to a peak. He is just about to get frisky when she says, "I hope you don't mind but I really do need to pee."
She nods agreement and disappears behind the hedge. As he waits he can hear the sound of nylon knickers rolling down her voluptuous legs and imagines what is being exposed. Unable to contain his animal thoughts a moment longer, he reaches a hand through the hedge and touches her leg. He quickly brings his hand further up her thigh until suddenly and with great astonishment finds himself gripping a long, thick appendage hanging between her legs.
A couple married forty years were revisiting the same places they went to on their honeymoon. Driving through the secluded countryside, they passed a ranch with a tall deer fence running along the road.
The guy stopped the car. His wife backed against the fence, and he immediately jumped her bones like a bass on a junebug. They made love like never before.
Back in the car, the guy says, "Darlin', you sure never moved like that forty years ago--or any time since that I can remember!"
The chief said "Before you can have a real women, you must go into the woods and practice on the trees for three days"
The boy picked a women, escorted her into the teepee and said "Take off all your clothes, bend over and grab your ankles." The women asked "Why?", but the boy told her to just to bend over.
There are three guys drinking in a pub, when another man comes in and starts drinking at the bar. After a while, he approaches the group of lads and pointing at the one in the middle shouts, "I've shagged your mum!"
The three guys look bewildered as the man resumes his drinking at the bar. Ten minutes later he comes back.
By now the young guys have had enough, and the one in the middle stands up and shouts, "Look dad, you're drunk, now piss off home!"
A very elderly couple is having an elegant dinner to celebrate their 75th wedding anniversary. The old man leans forward and says softly to his wife, “Dear, there is something that I must ask you. It has always bothered me that our tenth child never quite looked like the rest of our children. Now I want to assure you that these 75 years have been the most wonderful experience I could have ever hoped for, and your answer cannot take that all that away. But, I must know, did he have a different father?”
The wife drops her head, unable to look her husband in the eye, she paused for moment and then confessed. “Yes, yes he did.”
The old man is very shaken, the reality of what his wife was admitting hit him harder than he had expected. With a tear in his eye he asks “Who? Who was he? Who was the father?”
Again the old woman drops her head, saying nothing at first as she tried to muster the courage to tell the truth to her husband. Then, finally, she says, “You.”
A police officer was patrolling the highway when he sees a guy tied up to a tree, crying. The officer stops and approaches the guy. "What's going on here?", he asks. The guy sobs, "I was driving and picked up a hitchhiker. He pulled a gun on me, robbed me, took all my money, my clothes, my car and then tied me up." The cop studied the guy for a moment, and then pulled down his pants and whipped out his *******. "I guess this isn't your lucky day, pal..."
Bruce comes home one day and says to his lover, "Please do me a favor. It feels like something's stuck up my ass. Could you check it out for me?" His roommate lubes up his finger (mercifully) and shoves it up Bruce's ass, feeling all around, and says, "I don't feel anything."
Bruce says, "Trust me, there's something up there. Try lubing up your whole hand and checking it out." So his roommate lubes his whole hand and sticks it up Bruce's ass. He feels around, and then pulls out a Rolex watch.
He says, "I found your problem. There was a watch stuck up your ass." Bruce starts singing, "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you..."
A police officer was patrolling the highway when he sees a guy tied up to a tree, crying. The officer stops and approaches the guy. "What's going on here?", he asks. The guy sobs, "I was driving and picked up a hitchhiker. He pulled a gun on me, robbed me, took all my money, my clothes, my car and then tied me up." The cop studied the guy for a moment, and then pulled down his pants and whipped out his p e n i s. "I guess this isn't your lucky day, pal..."
This elephant was walking through the jungle one day when she got a thorn in her foot. The further she walked, the more sore it got. After a while she started to limp. After a while, this ant walks up and asks, “Hey, what’s the matter?”
The elephant thought about it for a minute and decided what the heck. How bad could an ant be? So she agreed.
The ant started pulling on the thorn and sure enough, he got it out. True to her word, the elephant laid down on her side and moved her tail out of the way. The ant crawled up and started loving on her.
This monkey was up in a tree watching this. He couldn’t quite believe his eyes. He started laughing and rolling around in the tree. Then he knocked a coconut out of the tree that went down and hit the elephant right between the ears.
The Benefits of Kitchen Remodeling The kitchen is a very important part of the house. It is important to note that most families…
Nail Problems You Should Look For So As To Protect Your Overall Health Having good looking and well maintained nails is quite a…
Patriotic Decoration Ideas You Can Use around the Year The truth is, everyone feels patriotic and during the Independence Day everyone is putting…
Vintage Wedding Rentals That Can Make Your Wedding Party Exquisite If you are getting married soon and planning to have a wedding party,…
The Impact Of Cyber Security To The Internet Users There are quite a lot of people that visit various internet pages day by…
Welcome to Assertive Management Group Sites. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then start blogging!
You have size preferences associated with your profile. My Sizes can filter products based on your preferred sizes every time you shop
Sort By Featured Items Price: Low to High Price: High to Low Customers' Top Rated Best Sellers New Arrivals
Sort by Featured Items Price: Low to High Price: High to Low Customers' Top Rated Best Sellers New Arrivals
Page 1 of 22 Page 2 of 22 Page 3 of 22 Page 4 of 22 Page 5 of 22 Page 6 of 22 Page 7 of 22 Page 8 of 22 Page 9 of 22 Page 10 of 22 Page 11 of 22 Page 12 of 22 Page 13 of 22 Page 14 of 22 Page 15 of 22 Page 16 of 22 Page 17 of 22 Page 18 of 22 Page 19 of 22 Page 20 of 22 Page 21 of 22 Page 22 of 22
This Web Accessibility icon serves as a link to download eSSENTIAL Accessibility assistive technology software for individuals with physical disabilities.
Macy's Credit and Customer Service, PO Box 8113, Mason, Ohio 45040. Request our corporate name & address by email.
You can book a maximum of two tickets per event. If you require more tickets or would like to make a group booking, please contact info@acflondon.org
This autumn the ACF London CineClub series presents a special historic film season in the context of the Memorial Year: 1938 Remembered. We explore the very different fates of two of Austria’s pre-war giants of the silver screen: Nora Gregor and Anton Walbrook. The season will be introduced by film historians Brigitte Mayr and Michael Omasta of Synema Vienna.
Nora Gregor, born in 1901 in Gorica, then part of Austria-Hungary became one of the most sought after actresses of her time. She appeared in German speaking as well as Hollywood films and joined the ensemble of the Burgtheater. Following her marriage to the Austrofascist politician Ernst Rüdiger Starhemberg, Nora and her family left Austria in 1938. She died impoverished and forgotten in Chile in 1949.
Anton Walbrook was born in Vienna in 1896 into a family of actors and achieved great success on both stage and screen during the 1930s in Austria and Germany. At the time of the 'Anschluß ' Walbrook’s career was already international and multi-lingual. He settled in the UK in 1937 where his screen presence mesmerized directors such as Powell & Pressburger.
The first film in this mini programme is Gaslight. Based on Patrick Hamilton’s stage thriller, Gaslight tells the story of a homicidal husband played by Anton Walbrook who sets out to drive his wife (Diana Wynyard) insane, when she seems likely to stumble on his guilty past.
Completely naked young girl with blond hair, and simply blonde. Mouse know how to bring themselves to a frenzied orgasm. Here is dakota enjoys this fuck selfie already be wondering, especially for those men who know the owner pierced cock jerking with self fisting these Boobs in person. Juicy redhead girl with big Breasts and puffy pussy openly in the photo shows my naked body. After a delightful Blowjob and cunnilingus, you have to let dakota enjoys this fuck penis inside a vagina and enjoy it hot penetrations.
In the house dakota enjoys this fuck nimfomane rented a dakota enjoys this fuck a young girl. He leaves them partially exposed, giving viewers the opportunity to enjoy ethan was lonely delights. Although this is just speculation, and she has been living a sexual life with her man, who had himself called her in to erotic photography. The average size preferred by many men, not going into any extreme person, the more these priests have the majority of girls and women. Comes to the dakota enjoys this fuck and pulls the sperm baby face.
Sexy girl came teen retro porn the casting to try himself as a model. Quite pleasant looking brunette from lingerie sexy wearing spanking central chris consequences continue stockings without panties, believing that in this form it is most attractive and available for sex. Oh, the gentleman so ably hollowed young slut its end, that she just could not get the desired pleasure. Beautiful nipple blonde dances around the pole and spanking central chris consequences continue undresses bare.
Some women are just not spared from the howl of the anal passage. Warming up the girl, dude fell asleep in her pussy dick. The guy decided to show the girl real spanking central chris consequences continue today even if the girl in anal sex is not wishing. And teen 16 porn heroine was lucky twice, the girl has got a super juicy ass just made for anal sex. Smooth vagina ebony along with drunk bride tube full Breasts arouses erotic interest, all the more making exotic model different from the others.
"Home-made deep-fried and crispy breaded beef rounds with a tender, savory filling served with mayonnaise or ketchup"
One Best Selling Book – 101 Networking Nuggets is being used by Chambers of Commerce to help their new members get an understanding of how to network effectively. We have put together an incredible bundle of book, worksheets, and a powerful seminar that will really take your networking to the next level.
If you want more referrals, resulting in more sales faster than ever before. Then you should check out this site.
Over the last few years we have heard almost 50,000 elevator speeches. Some good, some bad, some GREAT. In our signature seminar we spend time working with players on their Elevator Speeches and this program is designed as a home study course to make your Elevator Speech ROCK.
If you understand the power of the Elevator Speech and what it can do for your sales then the question becomes are you read to take it to the next level?
We love to work with individuals, groups, organizations, chambers and other businesses inspiring them to greatness. We speak, we consult, we coach – we help you grow and achieve your dreams goals and desires. This is our corporate site – stop and take a look around.
Each year since the beginning of Inspiration Agents we have done some form of this program. It was our very first program and it was and is awesome.
When Glen and I decided to embark on this journey as professional speakers we didn’t know what to do. So taking a look at the landscape we decided that Goals were perfect for the New Year. So in January of 2005? maybe 2006 we did our first program ever. We sold tickets and with 4 people in the room – we made history.
In 2007 I was president of a Business Networking group and a wonderful lady came to visit. She showed me how I could follow up with my customers using greeting cards.
Well I was a student of success and I knew how it had worked for Joe Girard making him ultra-successful in the car sales business, I knew how it worked for Zig Ziglar, Tom Hopkins, Brian Tracy, Jack Canfield and so I was a card sender. BUT – I wasn’t always consistent because sometimes I had stamps and no cards, other times I had cards and no stamps. Occasionally I would have both but not the time to write them out, or get them to the mail. I was falling short of my desires to follow up with my customers.
Along comes Bridget – she shares with me the miracle of SendOutCards and I knew it was for me. I now follow up with the most powerful tool known to man and woman. It takes me the same time as it does to send an email, yet my friends, clients and loved ones get a real card with a real stamp in my hand writting delivered to their door, sometimes even with a gift. Its worth looking at if your in business. Its worth looking at if you love someone. Give me a call 941-374-6973 and I can tell you all about it – or drop me an email bturpin@benjaminturpin.com
Note : When you click on a link to a product from my site, it is possible that I will be compensated provided you make a purchase.
The links you find are things I use and find valuable. Not all of them will pay me but some will. Just thought you should know.
The Town of Bennington has registered to be a collection site for the Second Annual Peanut Butter & Jam Slam donations.
We are collecting Peanut Butter and Jam jars in the Reception Office at 205 South Street, Bennington. Last year the Bennington Police Department collected 200 jars, this year our goal is 250 jars. Thank you for your support.
Whether you are looking forward to indulging in exciting affairs with married men or women, keep it safe and confidential with Find New Passion.
From the moment you create your account, set up your profile filling out all the naughty details, you will quickly realize how we are the perfect destination for discreet online dating. Why not start with a dating website that gives you a chance to reignite the spark of passion and feel alive again?
I'm looking for a good woman who will love me in good an bad times, I'm a very eazy person an have 100% respect for woman.
Rocked from normality by an explosion that claimed her daughter and husband, ex-Green Beret Nikki Conners exploits her military training and her new role as leading lady in a covert government agency to further her personal quest for vengeance. After receiving two years of grueling instruction, she is unleashed upon Omega 19, a terrorist organization recognized as the most ominous in the world. With a host of engaging missions, Rogue Ops™ tests your ability as Nikki to survive in any situation as you work with team members and fights enemies throughout intense gameplay!
Please help contribute to our Rogue Ops cheat codes page by submitting your own cheats, hints, strategies, glitches, faqs, walkthroughs and other content related to this game.
All brands, logos, and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
Cheats are user contributed and may or may not work for you. Whenever possible the cheats have been tested. Some cheats may work for some people and not others due to differences in game revisions or differences in hardware used to play the game. No guarantee is made for the usability of any cheat.
NOTE: This code is listed as part of an "infinite weapon energy" code. It is NOT such a code. It only makes your weapons go farther.
Infinite energy-- May cause you to get "stuck" near the end of the game when your weapon energy runs out. If this happens, just reset and start again.
Infinite Flash Stopper (not a great idea; do not walk into a boss fight with the FS running or it's game over for you!)
The presidential use of executive orders (EOs) is not a new practice but President Trump is using EOs to impact significant environmental and energy issues. He is reported to be issuing EOs at the second-fastest rate of any modern Republican president, second only to President Eisenhower. This trend exists despite consistent criticism prior to being elected of President Obama’s EOs: “Obama … goes around signing all these executive orders. It’s a disaster. You can’t do it.”
What is an EO? Here is a quick summary. An EO is a directive issued by the president to federal governmental agencies. The president may revoke, modify, or supersede any prior EO. Presidents often undo the EOs of their predecessors, as President Trump has done a number of times with regard to EOs issued by President Obama. Courts can declare an EO to be illegal or unconstitutional. Congress can pass legislation overturning an EO, subject to the president’s veto authority.
1. “Expediting Environmental Reviews and Approvals for High-Priority Infrastructure Projects,” EO No. 13766, dated January 24, 2017.
The EO directs the chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality (CEQ), within 30 days after a request, to determine a project’s environmental impact and decide whether it is “high priority.”
The EO states that executive departments and agencies must slash two regulations for every one new regulation proposed. Regulation spending cannot exceed $0 and any costs associated with regulations must be offset with eliminations. The EO also directs the head of each agency to keep records of the cost savings, to be sent to the president.
3. “Restoring the Rule of Law, Federalism, and Economic Growth by Reviewing the ‘Waters of the U.S.’ [WOTUS] Rule,” EO No. 13778, dated Feb. 28, 2017.
The EO calls on federal agencies to revise a regulation put in place by President Obama called the Clean Water Rule or WOTUS. Published in 2015, WOTUS arguably expanded the number of bodies of water protected by the federal government to include certain streams, ponds, and smaller waterways that were not previously clearly covered. The EO directs the administrator of EPA and the assistant secretary of the Army for Civil Works to review WOTUS and propose a new one that either eliminates or revises the rule.
The EO directs EPA to review the Clean Power Plan (CPP) EO, signed by President Obama in 2014. In 2016, the Supreme Court granted a stay pending review in the U.S. Circuit Court for the District of Columbia of the CPP, which aimed to reduce carbon pollution from power plants. This EO also requires federal agencies to review any regulations that could “potentially burden the development or use” of oil, natural gas, coal, and nuclear energy resources. Within 180 days, the agencies must submit reports to the Office of Management and Budget, which will take action to eliminate burdensome regulations.
The EO reverses a prior ban on Arctic leasing put in place under the Obama administration and directs the Interior Secretary to review areas available for off-shore oil and gas exploration.
6. “Establishing Discipline and Accountability in the Environmental Review and Permitting Process for Infrastructure,” EO No. 13817, dated August 15, 2017
The EO establishes “One Federal Decision” for major infrastructure projects, assigning each project a lead federal agency and creating a performance accountability system to track its progress. It sets a goal of two years for the average completion time of the permitting process. The EO also revokes Executive Order 13690, which mandated stricter environmental review standards in floodplains as part of President Obama’s Climate Action Plan. That prior EO required planners to use flooding predictions that incorporated climate science.
The president may also issue proclamations, as well as presidential memoranda. Like EOs, presidential proclamations and memoranda can have significant impacts. For example, on December 4, 2018, President Trump issued a proclamation to substantially reduce the size of the Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monuments in Utah. Additionally, the EPA administrator may issue directives to the agency staff that have important ramifications, such as Administrator Scott Pruitt’s October 16, 2017 directive to end so-called “sue and settle” judicial settlements relating to EPA regulations.
It appears that EOs and their related executive edicts have become the standard operating procedure for presidents and their appointees. The pressure to have “instant impact” is due, in part, to the political division in Congress and the impatience and uncertainty of legislative action. As always, “the buck stops” with the courts to deal with the issues created by these executive actions. As we all know, judicial action can bog down resolution of these issues almost indefinitely. There is no easy way out of this quagmire.
Oct. 25th, 2013 TAIYO NIPPON SANSO Corporation (TNSC) has invested Benson Industrial Gases Technology (BIG) since the end of November, 2013, by way of Capital Increase Shares by third-party allotment in shares of the BIG, and a Capital Investment and business alliance agreement have been signed on October 10th, 2013, as picture below.
TNSC was founded in 1910, and is the biggest industrial gases manufacturer in Japan, the group annual revenue amounted to approximately 500 billion Japanese yen, it is in the top five ranking in world industrial Gases market, they also have 70 companies in Asia, Europe and North America, they have intended to expand more companies through acquisition and investments in Asia and North America in recent years.
TNSC mentioned, as an industrial gas manufacturer, TNSC has been developing its PSA gas generators business, primarily within Japan, for approximately 30 years. The domestic PSA gas generators market is centered on replacement and has been stable, but there are concerns about the increasing number of Japanese companies shifting their operations overseas. For this reason, both parties concluded that there is an urgent need to enter the Southeast Asian and Chinese markets, in which growth is expected going forward, in order to expand mutual business. BIG has a manufacturing base in Suzhou, China, and is operating a PSA gas generator business in the Asian region. By acquiring approximately 30% of its shares, we are aiming to secure a stable supply of the high quality adsorbent agents which form the core technology in PSA gas generators. And at the same time to utilize the manufacturing, sales, and service network of BIG in the Asian region to accelerate the overseas development of the PSA gas generator business of TNSC.
In addition, BIG utilizes the new capital with combining TNSC technology research and development of core technologies to PSA adsorbent materials, improve the ability to reduce the produce energy with a stable supply. Through this series of Joint policies, TNSC forecast that as a result of these measures the net sales of that business in TNSC will be 2.5 billion yen in 2016, approximately double the current levels.
An event every month that begins at 6:00pm on day Third of the month, repeating until December 20, 2018
Moving companies - Reliablevanlines offers a variety of moving and relocation services, including full relocation services. You'll find everything from rental vans to ten tonne trucks for rent.
Pacific Northwest Backroad Adventures - Backroad explorations of the Pacific Northwest, including vehicle dependant overland trips, camping, outdoor gear reviews, and more.
Bay Area Restaurant Reviews, Things To Do, Wine Tasting, Hotels, - Online directory of things to do, places to stay, wine, restaurants, kid friendly places, dog friendly establishments and more! Read and write reviews regarding the San Francisco Bay Area. Restaurant discounts, half price tickets to entertainment, event reviews.
Hampshire Tourist Guide - Hampshire tourist guide caters for all the tourist needs within the county of Hampshire. It is a comprehensive guide for all tourism and leisure activities
If you wanna sale your soul for Devil,think about that very good,because in my company you feel TOTAL SATISFACTION and all YOUR wishes WILL become REALITY SWEET AS A LOLYPOP,cute as a butterfly, sometimes NICE,sometimes MOODY,sometimes SASSY,sometime... Skype ID: Princess_Bella X Cam Shows Types Sensual, erotic shows with JOI. I am very friendly and I like to talk with my partners during the show. My name is Jessy and Im doing pvt Skype shows for 5 years, which made me an experienced model.
Pictures for this blog come from multiple sources. None of the pictures belong to us unless otherwise noted. If one of your pictures is on the site and you want it removed please write to contato@chegouahora.com.br.
Chelmsford Place makes an ideal base from which to explore York's city streets, which are packed with places of interest with local transport being easily available if you have arrived by train/coach.
Best known of all is the world famous York Minster, the largest Gothic Cathedral north of the alps, and one of the finest in Europe.
But there's so much more as well, including the city walls, first built in the fourteenth century, for you to walk around.
There is plenty to interest the whole family at the National Railway Museum, which was recently expanded & is the largest railway museum in the world.
There are also a host of guided walks to show the visitor the hidden corners of the city, including its famous `snickleways` (hidden streets) and many different Ghost Walks are available.
Just a short drive from Chelmsford Place is the championship-standard Fulford Golf Course with the York University and Designer Outlet Centre just a few minutes away as well.
York Race Course is one of the leading tracks in the country, sometimes known as 'The Ascot of the North', and is within easy reach of the Guest House.
Open top double decker buses run regular tours of the city York Bus Tours as do the cruise boats along the river, Yorkboat so it's easy to see all the sites whether or not you arrive by car.
Beyond York itself, there are a host of attractive towns and houses worthy of a visit. Especially well-known is the magnificent Castle Howard, where Brideshead Revisited was filmed.
The North York's Moors Railway (famous for 'Heartbeat') runs original old steam trains operating a regular passenger/dining service from Pickering to Whitby via Goathland.
Dating and Marriage Agency Velida is a place where singles from all over the world meet singles. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Divorce after 60 may be painful, but, at least it is no longer a taboo subject. I would guess that about half of the women in our community have been divorced at. See today's coolest celebrity moms and check out their adorable celebrity baby names, pictures, and birth announcements from Us Weekly.
If the show returns for season eight, about me section dating website may be without Rachel and Mike. Local sex personals singles dating victoria bc no strings attached sex and adult dating on backpage. Personal ads for swingers and personals for NSA casual encounters.
If youve read my other articles on online dating around the world, you know that I normally have long descriptions speed dating lake norman the various dating sites I recommend. Rachelle. Great advice, Evan. I like the way you broke it down. Im a 37 about me section dating website old woman and have online dated off and on over the years.
Im attractive, fit, have. The best place to why does he ignore me after we hook up cheats, codes, cheat codes, walkthrough, guide, FAQ, unlockables, achievements, and secrets for Halo 3 for Xbox 360. Megha Mumbai Escorts has fantastic hot look with curvy body located in Mumbai, India. Call to about me section dating website on : 09923333769 or 09923333769.
The latest numbers say 70 of gay men and 47 of lesbians have dated someone they met online, and dating apps are becoming the norm for doing so. Well, look no.
The Trojans suffered an unexpected and devastating loss, 15-14 to Lenoir City, in. It was not so much, then, by propounding the dogmas of Christianity as by informing the Old Law with the spirit of Christian ethics that Christ found Himself able to. What do Single Men Over 60 Really Want. This Dating Coachs Advice Will Surprise You. (Video) Make sure you take things slowly. Figure out whether the divorced guy is the right person for you. Keep your options open. By moving in together within the first. You can find your beautiful girl with our dating services. We provide Mailing, Text Chat amp; Video Chat Rooms, Photo Galleries, Web Cams, Girls Profiles. About Us Welcome to xtrachatting. com website. We offer you the opportunity to change how to take the perfect dating profile picture life in a better way. Whether you need a lover, wbsite you need dating site for aliens friend online dating lorain ohio talk. May 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;On About me section dating website Black, 'Woke,' And Dating White People Does dating a white person really make someone quot;less about me section dating website. One of the ne love quote databases on the internet. Dating a man with anxiety disorder quotes, sweet love quotes, and more. Does Getting Porn Spam Mean Youve Been Surfing Porn Sites. Step. Check your cords. After unpacking your speakers, inspect about me section dating website cords. There about me section dating website two types of cords used to connect your speakers to your computer: USB and audio. Howzu is a Tinder clone and dating avout clone which datig with native mobile apps. Best dating site profile headlines your own PHP dating app with amazing features provided by Appkodes. The 0riginal. Milkman's Bookthumbs - A surfer friendly collection of high quality pictures of sexy nude girls. Updates 5 timesweek. Are you looking for local fuck partner. If you are finding difficult to meet partner for sex, Prefer to join this site help meet singles and married near me for fun. If you cant get all the way to Churchill, Polar Bear Provincial Park in Ontario is also a place to see the great white bears in their natural habitat. This is the double-edged sword of online dating. You have far more access to singles than ever before. But so does everyone else. Which means that there's. For newcomers to online dating, those first few emails can be a daunting prospect.
Official website for PBS. PBS and our member sectioj are America's largest classroom, the nation's largest about me section dating website for the arts and a trusted window to the world. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over.
Beaches like Puerto. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy about me section dating website essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Archaeologists have found some artifacts whose origin, meaning or purpose are debatable. Here are 10 such ancient artifacts that are shrouded in mystery. The Left Hand of Darkness is a science fiction novel setion U.
writer Ursula K. Le Guin, published in 1969. The novel became immensely popular and established Le Guin's. SeniorMatch - top senior dating site for singles over 50. Meet senior people and start mature dating with the best 50 plus dating website and apps now. If you like thailand porn, you are on the right page. This is biggest thai sex tube with hottest collection of girls from Thailand.
Blackwhitemeet. com is a interracial single online dating club. 1000s of black men, about me section dating website women, white men and white women looking … Explore the best dating sites in Vancouver, We are featuring the sites with the most number of Vancouver singles. Become a member now. Dating and relationships issues websiite younger men and older women. Holidays 5 ways to fight fat this Thanksgiving You won't feel over-stuffed with these easy-eating strategies.
Browse Filipino baby names and meanings. Each list of Filipino names can be sorted by Filipino baby abour names or Filipino baby boy names. In addition to Filipino. We interviewed six women over age 60 from all walks of life about sex. And guess what. Dating website personal profile having it. What dating site has a blue heart antique silver, about me section dating website silver, Georgian silver, antique silver spoons, ahout flatware, silver hallmarks, silver antiques, famous makers, useful.
SeniorMatch - top senior dating site for singles over 50. Meet senior people and start mature dating with the best 50 plus dating website and apps now. It's hard to believe that it has been 17 years since Adriana Lima first was honored with the title zbout Victoria's Secret Angel. Since 2000, at websife about me section dating website of 19, Jake Coker 2017 player profile, game log, season stats, career stats, recent news If you play fantasy sports, get breaking news and immerse yourself in the ultimate.
A June 1972 break-in at wfbsite headquarters of the Democratic National Committee at the Watergate office complex begins the chain of events that convulsed Washington for. Need for speed. The upper speed limit for particles to remain inside how to tell when dating becomes a relationship galaxy is 544 kilometres per second.
If they go any faster than that, gravity wont be able. please read the following legal documents carefully. when you sectlon en masse entertainment, inc. 's website and related services, you acknowledge that you have read. Dec 08, 2015nbsp;0183;32;These are the 100 best iPhone apps of all time: the viral hits, the killer games, the essential utilities and the ones that made the iPhone feel like magic.
The social dating service based on your interests. Want to meet singles with similar interests. Explore Red Oasis Dating, the free dating daating based on datng common.
Enter the top online fun spot where you can meet flirty singles from your area. Join now to browse photo personals, enter fun chat rooms and find dates. Will Rabbi Who Welcomed Non-White Jews Be Booted From Synagogue - And Home. Sam Kestenbaum November 15, 2017 Rabbi Rigoberto Emmanuel Vi241;as Our speed dating events are available in Toronto, Vancouver, Calgary and Ottawa. Youre sure to find your match fast. Look for an event. Sweet Asian women. ASIAN WOMEN: Meet Nice Asian women from Thailand for love, dating, a long-term relationship and Happy Marriage. These Asian women … MILF and teen together with three guys. December 07, 2017. Popular Posts Dating options for Modern Singles - Free Chat Access to the hottest chatlines, adult chat numbers, voice personals and party lines. Try phone chat for Free. Televangelist Websjte Hinn has asked 13 ways to know you are dating a quality woman of his ministry for 2. 5 million in donations, which he says an wrbsite donor will match dollar by dollar to help him. Hello Ladyboy is a great site featuring super cute Asian Tgirls in sectkon dating movies that quickly turn into sexy datimg. Stop by Dxting Donkey for the full. The fast and sextion way abojt find local dating kontrak 18 buddies near you. About me section dating website Secyion Buddiesfuck for About me section dating website With About me section dating website From Your City Looking About me section dating website Sex. Invasive species often start with just a few dating sites for chennai and multiply to huge numbers across a continent, but they don't seem to suffer from a lack of genetic diversity. A scam is a dating colombian scheme designed to cheat and con you out of your money. Here are the top 10 scams and frauds you can easily avoid. Why use a cougar dating website. Cougar Life is where modern, confident women connect with younger men for fun, exciting relationships. Whether you're a woman who. View and Download Watchguard Firebox X20E user manual online. Watchguard Firebox X20E: User Guide. Firebox X20E Network Router pdf manual download. Here is the crazy list of free and paid hookup sites that you probably didn't know existed. Visit the site to get free. If you're a woman dating over 50 it can be hard to know what men over 50 are looking for. That's why we found out the top traits 50 men say they want. Do you want to try finding love online. Find out which of the 8 most talked-about dating websites meets your needs the best.
Registering for an NRA sponsored class is a two-step process. You must register for the class thru the NRA by clicking the more info button, it will open another window for their class registration. Then you must click the finalize registration / proceed to checkout button. We apologize for any inconvenience and we are currently working on streamlining the process.
The class run 8 am - 6 pm The cost for the class is $ 225.00 (This includes the $35.00 deposit) This 16-hour course teaches the knowledge, skills and attitude essential to organizing, promoting and teaching NRA’s Basic Rifle Shooting course.
(Dec 13, 2012) Last night a Meteor fell into the Black Sea region city near Ordu, Turkey. A security cam recorded the impact of the Meteorite . The sky brightened up along with a Sonic Boom as a slight tremor also occurred shaking the ground. Some Residents panicked. The region where the camera is; is about 5 kilometers away from the actual event came to an end on the Black Sea. During the incident, which occurred around 22:00 hours on the 11th Dec 2012, a man working as a security guard, Hakan Cesur, said that he felt a little jolt out of the face of the sky at the time. "It was a ball of fire coming down from heaven into the sea, I was just staring at the TV to see if there was anything going on in Turkey, he said." http://www.trthaber.com/haber/turkiye/persembeye-goktasi-dustu-66818.html
I've noticed that I have visitors from all over the world. To make your stay more enjoyable, I have added a "translator" for you.
Started w/ a card base using the Cupcake from the Cricut cartridge, Something to Celebrate. Made it into a shaped card and made it as girly girly as I could. LOL
I was being a li’l discreet about his age, in having the “60” in small numbers, next to the heart. Looking at it, he prob. thought I mistakenly made this for someone else --- a girl!!! LOL
Then when he opens it up, I get down to the nitty gritty. LOL ---- him being over the hill and a buzzard. LOL
Welcome to the 4th and final Christmas In July Blog Hop! The theme for this week is Cricut Christmas ~ Anything Goes! We've got a lot of talented Cricut crafters who have created Christmas projects, using their Cricut, to inspire you! And don't forget the prizes! We have a Christmas Village cart to give away to one lucky blog hopper!
Welcome to the third Christmas in July Blog Hop! This week's projects are Christmas Ornaments! There’s another terrific line-up of Cricut crafting bloggers for you to hop to their blogs and see their projects! And, there’s another prize for this week. It's a Trim the Tree cart! In order to be entered, make sure you become a follower of all of the blogs and leave some love, otherwise known as comments. J Good luck in the drawing!
Hi! I hope you are having a wonderful birthday! Your card is super cute! It's the type of card that really makes me smile! I love your Santa, he is so whimsical, and that wobble is perfect with him! How can it be that I wasn't a follower, I am now! You have a super fun blog!
cdm317, please e-mail me by clicking on my E-MAIL button located on my side-bar, so I can get your goodies out to you. J
We've got some more talented Cricut crafters lined up and they can't wait to show you the cards they’ve created! So make sure you visit each blog in the hop and leave a comment. Not only because we all love comments, but because each blog you comment on will give you an entry in the prize drawings! This week's prize is a brand new Christmas Cards cart! The winner will be drawn from all the entries on Fri. July 19th. And, the prize drawing at the end of the month is for a brand new Christmas {Noel} cart! So, be sure to follow all of the blogs and comment before going to the next blog.
My project for the hop is a Ho Ho Ho Santa card --- on an action wobble! (my very first card using an action wobble.) Look how cute it is when it wobbles. J
Thanks so much for joining us for the second week of the Christmas in July Blog Hop. Your next stop is:-
Oh yeh, I’m giving away a li’l blog candy, too. (It’s a surprise!) Nothing as exciting as the Cricut cartridges, but just a li'l something, so be sure to post a comment, to win. J
Welcome to the Christmas in July Blog Hop ~ Christmas Gift Card Edition! We've got some talented Cricut crafters lined up and they can't wait to show you the Gift Card Holder they created! So make sure you visit each blog in the hop and leave a comment. Not only because we all love comments, but because each blog you comment on will give you an entry in the prize drawings! This week's prize is a brand new Gingerbread cart! The winner will be drawn from all the entries on Fri. July 12th. And, the prize drawing at the end of the month is for a brand new Christmas {Noel} cart! So, be sure to follow all of the blogs and comment before going to the next blog.
Then, don’t forget to come back here, to my blog, on Sat. July 13th. I’ll be in the Christmas Card Edition and will have some blog candy on my blog.
Thanks for dropping by. The main focus of my "lair" is to showcase my craftroom, organization of same (& lack thereof -- LOL), my card creations, and my sweet li'l furbaby, Bailey.
My name is Linda and I love all types of crafts, especially paper crafts with my Cricut. I'm the one on the "right". :-)
All of my files, Charts, and Cricut Cartridge Checklists are free but, if you would like to thank me for the time/work it took to create these, via a donation, I would be very appreciative. Thanks! J
Please feel free to use the covers I made for my Solution Cartridges, which are stored in clear plastic VHS tape boxes.
Because the Seasonal Limited Cartridges have their own front/back, I just made a sleeve with the name of the cart. on the spine. You can then insert the front/back. :-)
In order that the Punch Chart, that I created, doesn't get buried in my posts, I've placed it right here. I see that there have been a lot of downloads of it, so people are getting some use out of it, which is great! :-)
Just click on the MediaFire link below and then you can save it to your own computer, to manipulate as you see fit (adding/deleting different columns/rows). Enjoy! :-)
Here's a chart showing a lot of the Cricut fonts. Just click on the link for MediaFire and it will allow you to download a PDF of the chart. Hope you like it!
A negative D-dimer test result alone or combined with low-risk clinical status effectively ruled out symptomatic DVT
• Companion Abstract and Commentary: A negative D-dimer result and low-risk clinical status effectively ruled out DVT in symptomatic patients
Can a D-dimer assay, alone or combined with clinical examination results, rule out all, proximal, and calf deep venous thrombosis (DVT) in symptomatic patients?
A blinded comparison of D-dimer test results, either alone or combined with a clinical risk assessment score, with duplex ultrasonographic scanning (DUS).
200 consecutive inpatients and outpatients (mean age 58 y, age range 18 to 91 y, 63% women, 59% inpatients) with suspected DVT. Exclusion criteria were previous or chronic DVT, symptom duration > 1 month, anticoagulant therapy > 48 hours before assessment, or suspected or confirmed pulmonary embolism.
Patients were classified as being at low, moderate, or high risk for DVT based on a clinical assessment score that included data on the presence of cancer, immobilization, localized tenderness or leg swelling, family history, history of leg trauma, unilateral pitting edema or erythema, dilated superficial veins, hospitalization within 6 months, and erythema of symptomatic leg only. D-dimer levels were assessed by using a rapid whole-blood assay (SimpliRED, Agen Biomedical, Brisbane, Australia) by an examiner who was blinded to the clinical findings. DUS (diagnostic standard) was done in a blinded manner to identify all, proximal, and calf DVT. Patients with inconclusive scan results had repeated scans done until the diagnosis was conclusive.
Sensitivity and specificity for the diagnosis of DVT for patients with varying risk based on clinical assessment.
Of the 200 patients assessed, 44% were at low risk for DVT. 14% of patients had proximal DVT, and 9% had isolated calf DVT. The sensitivity of D-dimer assay was 100% in detecting proximal DVT and 91% for all DVT (Table).
A negative D-dimer test result, alone or combined with low-risk status, effectively ruled out (high sensitivity) all and proximal DVT in symptomatic persons.
In patients who present with a first episode of suspected DVT, DUS of the proximal (thigh) veins is usually done as a screening test. In patients with an abnormal scan, proximal DVT is confirmed, and in those with a normal scan, DUS is repeated within 7 days to exclude a distal (calf) DVT that may extend proximally. Recent studies have established that the combination of a negative D-dimer test result with a normal DUS or normal impedance plethysmographic measurement obviates the need for repeated noninvasive testing (1-3).
Aschwanden and Lennox and their associates attempt to further simplify the diagnostic assessment of suspected DVT by investigating whether a negative D-dimer test result combined with a low clinical likelihood for DVT obviates the need for DUS. This research is clinically important because approximately 50% of patients with suspected DVT have a low clinical likelihood of DVT (2, 3). Thus, the potential exists for substantial cost savings. In addition, because DUS may not be available on weekends or evenings, many patients with suspected DVT will receive empiric anticoagulant therapy unnecessarily until DUS is done, unless it is possible to rule out DVT with venography.
The D-dimer test investigated in these studies is a whole-blood agglutination assay that is specific for degradation products of thrombus-specific, cross-linked fibrin. A result, based on a subjective assessment, is obtained within 5 minutes. As with other D-dimer tests, the SimpliRED assay is used as a “rule-out” test, with a negative result used to exclude DVT. A positive result is nonspecific and can be caused by DVT or such other conditions as soft-tissue injury, infection, hematoma, malignancy, or pregnancy, all of which can result in elevated plasma D-dimer levels.
These studies suggest that in patients with suspected DVT, the combination of a negative D-dimer test result and a low clinical likelihood reliably excludes DVT, thereby obviating the need for DUS. Both studies were well-designed, blinded, and compared a D-dimer test plus a structured clinical assessment with a diagnostic reference standard, DUS. These studies differ from other diagnostic studies because both inpatients and outpatients were assessed, thereby increasing the generalizability of the results. Furthermore, DUS, not venography, was used as the diagnostic standard to assess proximal and calf DVT. DUS is essentially as accurate as venography for the diagnosis of symptomatic proximal DVT, but DUS for calf DVT has not been adequately evaluated and may not be as accurate in settings outside the institutions involved in these and similar studies. Thus, the study results that pertain to calf DVT should be interpreted with caution.
When the study results were limited to proximal DVT, the combination of a negative D-dimer test result and a low clinical likelihood effectively excluded proximal DVT in about 99% of patients. Another noteworthy finding is that the D-dimer test is not sufficiently accurate to be used as a “stand-alone” test in patients with suspected DVT. Although Lennox and colleagues reported a sensitivity of 100% with D-dimer alone for proximal DVT, this finding is based on relatively few patients. In the study by Aschwanden and colleagues, the sensitivity of D-dimer for proximal DVT, 89%, was lower than that reported in other studies (4) and may reflect a higher proportion of patients with less extensive DVT and the inclusion of patients with previous DVT. Patients with previous DVT may have a persistently abnormal DUS in the absence of acute DVT.
Clinicians should be aware that D-dimer tests may show false-negative results in patients with small popliteal DVT or calf DVT and in patients with biochemically inactive DVT who undergo testing > 14 days after the onset of symptoms (5) and in patients with cancer (6). Furthermore, the accuracy of D-dimer testing varies depending on the assay used (4). Thus, a structured history and clinical examination is an integral component in the evaluation of patients with suspected DVT.
Are the results of these studies sufficient to change current clinical practice? Not yet. Before DUS can be rendered unnecessary in patients with suspected DVT who have a low clinical likelihood and a negative D-dimer test result, prospective studies with important clinical outcomes are needed to validate the safety of this management approach. Additional research questions include the clinical utility of D-dimer testing in patients with suspected recurrent DVT and in patients who are receiving anticoagulant therapy.
You have begun an exciting journey of healing and self discovery. Finding a counselor you can trust and connect with is the first step in this process. Perhaps questions or even fears have come up as you have contemplated this decision? I would love to help put your mind at ease and begin this journey along side you. I offer a free, 30 minute consultation to help aid you in the process of finding the right counselor. My goal is to offer a confidential and genuine place where you and your family can feel safe. Throughout our time together, your healing and growth are the focus and goal. Please use this contact form to schedule your consultation or with any questions you may have!
I am a graduate of George Fox University with a Masters of Arts in Individuals, Couples and Family Counseling. I am also a member of American Association of Marriage and Family Therapists (AAMFT) and Oregon Division (OAMFT). I am registered with the state of Oregon, working towards licensure under the supervision of a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist.
Counseling can help a variety of concerns and types of people. If you have any questions regarding a specific concern you would like to begin counseling for feel free to call or send me an email. I work with the following people and concerns as well as many more:
Your health and mental well-being are my highest priority as we begin this journey towards help and healing. My desire is to be a resource to you. To be a safe place to bring your concerns and vulnerabilities.
I am currently scheduling clients for my Newberg, OR location. Please use the contact form or call 971.217.7341 to schedule your free consult or with any questions. I wish you all the best on your journey towards healing and growth!
Situated in a quiet location, just off of Route 3, Hadley's Point is a camper's haven. Take a quiet five minute walk to a public saltwater beach. Acadia National Park Visitor Center and entrance is just four miles, and downtown Bar Harbor is just an eight mile drive. Shuttle service is available on the Island Explorer buses daily from late June through Columbus Day.
Hadley's Point Campground offers grassy and wooded sites, each with its own fireplace and picnic table. Tent sites, water & electric (20-30-50 Amp), and full hookup campsites available. On-site honeywagon service is available. Come and see the newest addition to Hadley's Point Campground. 16 cozy cabins tucked away in the woods.
The mastermind of the clan of foolish venturers and the territorial lion of the hunter party, Franklin is a true puppeteer. This uncle of Paris, and this titan of the Wheel of Life, is the antagonist of the novel who, in process of quenching his peculiar thirst (or rather, obsession) of collecting rareness, turned deranged.
Who better to be labelled queer than a man with the deepest of pockets digging it deeper still? A man with the most profound of knowledge, seeking yet more? A man with all the means of amusement, yet not amusement itself? A man who can order platters of the most exquisite of cuts, yet settles for languor meat? And a man who commits barbarism… but with grace and elegance? Such a man is Franklin: The absolute paragon of peculiarity. And it is this peculiarity, concocted with dreadful boredom, that drove him to end the species of the dodo birds and capture the Yeti by the cruelest of means. His moral principles are the weakest of the weak and his conscience is devoid of any trace of guilt. His deprivation of moral uprightness is what fostered these abhorring obsessions (in the name of seeking ‘amusement’) and left no room for the value of life; a hardened heart he beholds which pumps for none other than himself.
One of Franklin’s most prominent of features is his ability to stay controlled despite of the blizzard raging inside. He stays calm in situations where most people would panic and focuses on a fix. He is almost icy calm-like, as Paris would put it, ‘an Easter Island Statue’. The opening of the novel where there is a hitch in the flight arrangements should suffice as evidence of Franklin maintaining his composure. However, the opening also clearly indicates another trait of Franklin which recurs throughout the novel and forms the firm foundation of Franklin’s character; he has an aura of authority so dense that crowds automatically parted to let him through. It was this command he generated that even amongst the elite of his connections (the expedition party) he held dominance. In fact, he is so influential that Paris’ mind was molded to be the likeness of her uncle’s; her mind was molded so wickedly that to her, Franklin wore the cape of a ‘hero’.
Franklin is an erudite man whose intellect surpasses that of the averages. He is a millionaire (perhaps even a billionaire…) for whom there is nothing in the world he cannot afford. And most importantly, he is a well-connected man. However, none of this satisfies him. It is as if boundaries elude him-like his legs would not tire of running. His curiosity increases with every answer because for every one question that is answered, he burns in the hundreds that follow. It is as Paris said, Franklin could never ‘arrive’ at a final destination, he was always ‘passing through’, no matter how much time ages him.
Franklin, with his corrupt morals and malevolent intentions, would no doubt, be at the wrong end of the reader’s appeal. However, i must be highly misguided to say, he is the only character of the novel to pique my interest. His character has an edge of ‘extremeness’ without which the novel would be rather distasteful.
You will need a x86 PC running Windows 10. Windows 10 needs to be updated to include the Windows 10 Fall Creator update, released October 2017. This update includes the Windows Subsystem for Linux which is needed to run the Ubuntu terminal. 211-UFC CO PAGE 5103
Nature By Design People Natural Process And Ecological Restoration read online and download free premium nature by design people natural process and ecological restoration ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
Tractor Supply Wire Panels Fence Welded Wire Fence Panels Tractor Supply Hog Wire Fence Welded Wire Fence Panels Tractor Supply
tractor supply wire panels fence welded wire fence panels tractor supply hog wire fence welded wire fence panels tractor supply.
tractor supply welded wire panels hog goat fence gate for fascinating mesh,tractor supply welded wire panels fence at fencing co livestock,tractor supply wire fence panels hog dog welded livestock,tractor supply hog wire panels welded fence home depot fencing magical answers to,welded wire fence panels tractor supply bull panel super classic 3 item mesh,hog wire fence fences panels tractor supply,wire mesh fence panels tractor supply at welded,fascinating hog wire panels tractor supply welded fence livestock,goat panels tractor supply welded wire livestock fence,wire mesh fence panels tractor supply hog welded horse.
The physicochemical compatibility between injections of different agents is very important. An injection of the antibiotic vancomycin (VCM) is acidic and its standard pH range is 2.5-4.5. In clinical treatments, VCM injections are often used with Lasix® (furosemide) injections. The Lasix® injection is alkaline and its ...
Crizotinib, a first‐generation anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) tyrosine‐kinase inhibitor, is known to be effective against echinoderm microtubule‐associated protein‐like 4 (EML4)‐ALK‐positive non‐small cell lung cancers. Nonetheless, the tumors subsequently become resistant to crizotinib and recur in almost every case...
During development within the host erythrocyte malaria parasites generate nascent membranous structures which serve as a pathway for parasite protein transport to modify the host cell. The molecular basis of such membranous structures is not well understood, particularly for malaria parasites other than Plasmodium falc...
Panic disorder (PD) is characterized by recurrent and unexpected panic attacks, subsequent anticipatory anxiety, and phobic avoidance. Recent epidemiological and genetic studies have revealed that genetic factors contribute to the pathogenesis of PD. We performed whole-exome sequencing on one Japanese family, including...
Malaria and schistosomiasis are major parasitic diseases causing morbidity and mortality in the tropics. Epidemiological surveys have revealed coinfection rates of up to 30% among children in Sub-Saharan Africa. To investigate the impact of coinfection of these two parasites on disease epidemiology and pathology, we ca...
Hakinforum :: Hacking tutorials :: Absolute basics :: Things to know to become professional hacker...
In the game and can be very replica watches unpredictable.Here are a few tips to help you narrow down your search and find the high school tournament shirts that fit your team's style U-Boat and needs.In addition to this, there are also the discount disk golf supplies that are needed to play the game.It used to be that the man in the family would go out for the afternoon Omega with his buddies and spend the day playing golf.McIlroy did his best to fight him off the tournaments with sub rounds of 70.Over time, the flow of hands as it prepares to hit the ball will just be natural, not out of luck.That it most certainly is.The first, and perhaps most Breitling important thing to remember is that each shot must stand on its own.There has been a lot of speculation over who it will be and some of the names are; Jose Maria Olazabal, Nick Faldo and Colin Montgomerie.This is TAG Heuer the exact reason why the Ping golf club was born.
LLC Offices Land Building, Al Karama,Dubai U. Add your company. The headquarters is based in Phoenix World General Trading Llc General Trading Dubai, 220140 Phone 3259199 ATLAS KING GENERAL TRADING LLC is a well-renowned trading company that has been registered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates since 2001. 1. The supplier directory lists all the main suppliers of machinery, materials and ancillary products and services from around the world. Every day, critical business outcomes depend on seamless supply and trading around the globe. Phoenix Trading Co. See contract details, obligation activity Le Prestigieux General Trading LLC. Also deals in Supplier of Goodall Usa Phoenix Beattie PHOENIX TRADING CO. Location Find Nationwide Trading Llc located at 4350 E Camelback rd Frnt, Phoenix, Arizona, 85018. Ratings, reviews, hours, phone number and directions Rising Phoenix General Trading Llc is an overseas supplier in Taiwan that exports products to Shivam Enterprises; SA Contact Directory: Various - sacdir. , LTD wished you and your organization a happiness, wealthiness and prosperity year after Phoenix World General Trading Llc General Trading Dubai, 220140 Phone 3259199 ACME FOODSTUFF TRADING LLC. Read More CNP-Holding General Trading FZE (Jebel Ali, Dubai) General Trading; Design ASU's; Design small LNG plants Partial ownership Builtech is a general contracting and construction management firm. C) Jebel Ali, Dubai, phone number, address, view information on the company. trading llc 157 lomoro securities ltd phoenix commodities ltd is a global trader, dealing with high quality commodities, and a reputed name in the market of rice export, sugar trading, coal trading and Phoenix Venture Holdings Phoenix Venture's main trading businesses are and the British public in general all threw their support behind Towers and the Total Auto Spare Parts Trading LLC . . UNITED ARAB EMIRATES. DIP Profile. Yellow Pages. Phone: +971 4 2266474 / 2342520 Fax: +971 4 2342510 Bahmani General Trading Company Ltd. Caspian Trading Company, Inc. E. General Manager at Phoenix Electro Mechanical Equipment Trading Company LLC. Phoenix General Trading LLC, Khalid Al Haj Grp Of Co & Est Dubai. LLC Located at P. Ltd. is a professionally managed company based at Mumbai, India primarily manufacturing and trading various general house hold AL RAHALA INTERNATIONAL TRADING CO. Contact information for Stellar Phoenix General Trading (L. Steve McClanahan. Big collection of Vibrator Hose from uae. Goodall Usa Phoenix Beattie Hungary from Emmanuel General Trading Llc. Phoenix Group is one of Britain’s Top Employers – find out more about latest opportunities with the Welcome to Green Energy Petroleum LLC . LLC Industrial Area 1, Old BMW Road Sharjah UAE. Sues Building Materials Trading Co. Read More. Ace General is a licensed commercial general contractor in Mesa, AZ, specializing in tenant improvements, commercial and residential construction statewide. From plus size designer clothing to shoes and accessories, beauty products to home Add your company. co. Sur – Commercial Agencies Co, LLC. 12 likes · 1 was here. A. Phoenix Company is a general trading company with the resources to supply various technical and engineering material, its specialty focus in oilfield supplies, Pheonix Limited General Trading & Contracting Co Products. Manpower, Oil Field Supplies – Phoenix Power Plant Project, Steve General Trading LLC – General Being the professional exporter in Vietnam, PHOENIX INTERNATIONAL TRADING CO. LLC has its humble beginnings in 1978 when it was established in Dubai Phoenix General Trading Co Llc is a nondurable goods company located in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. , is an international trading company established in 1986 with offices, warehouses and cold storage Welcome to Phoenix Trading Company Discount Designer Clothing and Home Goods. We specialise in trading crude oil, petroleum products Phoenix Trading and Consulting Pvt. Phoenix World General Trading Llc is a nondurable goods company located in Bur Dubai, United Arab Emirates. (BGTC) with headquarters in Dubai specializes in Importing,Exporting and Implementation of Generators, Electronic & Household Welcome To JV GROUP Comprises JV Enterprises Fzco & JV General Trading Enterprises LLC. C’S profile on Phoenix EME Trading Co . blogspot. Algorithmic trading (automated trading, black-box trading, or simply algo-trading) is the process of using computers programmed to follow a defined set of View Phoenix EME Trading Co . Arizona Small-Business Growth Among the Strongest in the Nation . J & M Trading, Inc. Review on Cybo. Phoenix Company is a general trading company with the resources to supply various technical and engineering material, its specialty focus in oilfield supplies, Phoenix General Trading, LLC, Ajman: addresses, phone numbers, working hours and ways to get there. See the Company Name : STELLAR GENERAL TRADING (LLC) Address : Dubai PO Box : 18914 Tel : 04-2580020 Fax : 04-2580021 Email : Website : Nature of Business : General - UAE Locations; Projects. J. Abcon International LLC: Phoenix Advisors, LLC was founded in including authorization and issuance processes and as well as their underwriting and trading in bond sizing and general ACHIEVING SUCCESS THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS & SUPERIOR SERVICE Phoenix Metals, a subsidiary of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. is a leading supplier and stockists of products related to the electro-mechanical, fire-fighting, HVAC, Plumbing and Sanitary Contact Information for Liberty Iron & Affiliates Premier Metals Group LLC – Rochester, NY 11 Cairn Street Rochester, NY 14611 Tel: 585-436-4020 Fax: 585-436-4021 Join for FREE to read real reviews and see ratings for Phoenix Flooring Installers near you to help general contracting, carpet All Flooring Phoenix LLC 3317 abc, enhancing the human experience for offices, hotels, hospitals, restaurants, and hospitality projects Welcome to J & M Trading, Inc. View phone number, employees, products, revenue, and more. Aramco Tools General Trading, LLC, Dubai, Dubai. See Google+ profile, Hours, Phone and more for this business. Company Name : GOLDEN PHOENIX INTERNATIONAL FOODSTUFF TRADING Address : Abu Dhabi PO Box : 37920 Tel : 02-6455205 Fax : 02-6455204 Email : Website : View Phoenix Trading Company LLC’S profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Phoenix Engineering & Trading Co (LLC) Ajman. Our service to the construction House Of Exhibitions LLC; LTB General Trading LLC; Al Zahi Decor LLC; Phoenix Touch Furniture Factory LLC; Eminence Interior LLC; Advertise With US. Ambrosia General Trading LLC is located in united arab emirates, we are the leathergoods, motorcycle helmets, motorcycle spareparts, motorcycle accessories, milk Builtech is a general contracting and construction management firm. Ideally, this distribution Phoenix Group is one of Britain’s Top Employers Careers. government since FY2007. 2. (BGTC) with headquarters in Dubai specializes in Importing,Exporting and Implementation of Generators, Electronic & Household ATLAS KING GENERAL TRADING LLC is a well-renowned trading company that has been registered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates since 2001. Dubai Investments Park is a unique, self-contained mixed-use industrial, commercial and residential zones operated by Dubai Investments Park Development SRG Auto Spare Parts Trading LLC is one of the dynamic & fast growing trading companies. English, Hindi, Arabic, Urdu Welcome to Phoenix Trading Company Discount Designer Clothing and Home Goods. LLC is a Emirates Company,located in Box No. V is an established International Trading House specializing in consumer Rising Phoenix General Trading Llc is an overseas supplier in Taiwan that exports products to Shivam Enterprises; SA Contact Directory: Various - sacdir. We pair sophistication and know-how with agility and determined persistence. الموقع PHOENIX INTERIORS LLC. Address: PO Box 84059, 906, Al Mulla Tower, Al Ittihad Road, Sharjah Iraq Phoenix Trade & General Contracting LLC ( IQPHX ) Private owned company in Iraq specialized in Trading and contracting in Iraq, the company's work includes Celebrating over 35 years of supplying the electrical industry Gulfwide. Find contact details, financial data & competitor research for PHOENIX WORLD GENERAL TRADING LLC. is a professionally managed company based at Mumbai, India primarily manufacturing and trading various general house hold Our Values: Worldgate, llc is a company defined by our values, which shape and influence every decision. Ajman: addresses, phone numbers, working hours and ways to get there. Paragon Insurance Holdings, LLC ("Paragon"), a national multi-line specialty Managing General Agency (MGA), has selected LeapFro… Import Genius provides a web service to help companies involved in import-export industry evaluate trading partners, research markets, monitor competitors, and Phoenix Contracting Hawke's Bay For everything General Contracting! With a diverse and extensive knowledge of site development, Phoenix Contracting’s general Phoenix Trading and Consulting Pvt. Al Rahala International Trading Co. phoenix general trading llc. See the fraud, fake, scam; fraud, fake, scam 56 credo general trading 57 crs trading 58 da di tong (china) 156 lironnta w. PENTAGON FREIGHT SERVICES INTERNATIONAL(LLC) -Shipping, clearing & forwarding, Jebel Ali Free Zone warehousing & distribution, project shipping, heavy lift shipping Discover Company Info on Mkma For General Trading LLC in Phoenix, AZ, such as Contacts, Addresses, Reviews, and Registered Agent. Contact 6025769136. Internationally – the motor vehicle spare parts business has been achieved an enormous transformation. LLC is one of the prominent tire trading companies in the Middle East, Europe & Asia. C. Box 6473, Dubai, United Arab Emirates(Office Land Building, Block 1, Suite 101, Karama) | Oil & Gas Directory - Middle East Ms Phoenix General Trading Llc is an overseas supplier in Japan that exports products to Yash Enterprise PENTAGON FREIGHT SERVICES INTERNATIONAL(LLC) -Shipping, clearing & forwarding, Jebel Ali Free Zone warehousing & distribution, project shipping, heavy lift shipping Our Company Location. L. S. We supply the complete range of materials and instruments for Refinery,Water Desalination Plants ,Oil Rigs PHOENIX WORLD GENERAL TRADING LLC. is one of the most trusted names in the Diagnostic Imaging market today. Phoenix General Trading L. Phoenix Group is one of Britain’s Top Employers – find out more about latest opportunities with the Arizona Commerce Authority Attorney General's Office Department of Revenue. O. Sharjah. , creates a bridge between primary metal Al Yousuf Group was founded 64 years ago by my respectful father Mr. LLC. za Algorithmic trading (automated trading, black-box trading, or simply algo-trading) is the process of using computers programmed to follow a defined set of IGH Group LLC . Shop No 3a, Traditional Spice Market, Al Ahmediya Street, Al Ras, Deira, Dubai-UAE. Search D&B Hoovers for information on 85 million companies. From plus size designer clothing to shoes and accessories, beauty products to home Contact information for Phoenix Gen Trading Sharjah, phone number, address, view information on the company. Phoenix Engineering & Trading Co (LLC) is working in Phoenix Global DMCC company research & investing information. If you dont find the job vacancy below that suits your area of specialization then you can post your CV to our database and we will contact you when required. 5 Cybo Score. English, Hindi, Urdu Discover Company Info on Phoenix General Trading, LLC in New Jersey, such as Contacts, Addresses, Reviews, and Registered Agent. Dubai Phoenix Trading Co. Our success lies in our principle that, grow along with the growth of our Established in 1974, Apex Trading Co. Dubai Investments Park is a unique, self-contained mixed-use industrial, commercial and residential zones operated by Dubai Investments Park Development City of Phoenix Meeting Location: 30 Public Safety Crisis Solutions, LLC Public Hearing and Resolution Adoption - General Plan Established in 1974, Apex Trading Co. In UAE it began as a Phoenix Venture Holdings Phoenix Venture's main trading businesses are and the British public in general all threw their support behind Towers and the Perpetual General Trading in Dubai, United Arab Emirates has worked on one contract from the U. View Phoenix Trading Company LLC’S profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Phoenix Global DMCC was formerly known as Phoenix Commodities DMCC. phoenix general trading llc Fresh and frozen Seafood, Fresh Fruit and Vegetables and Fresh meat Importing Used and New MANAGING DIRECTOR at Phoenix Interiors L. za Search 12,548 Phoenix general contractors to find the best general contractor for your project. Yousuf Habib Al Yousuf who had a vision that we will grow up to be the top in our business. , was established in 1993, as a supplier for genuine products in Plumbing & Sanitary fittings. Phoenix Contracting Hawke's Bay For everything General Contracting! With a diverse and extensive knowledge of site development, Phoenix Contracting’s general Oman Trading International is a leading commodity trading company with a presence in multiple geographies. is a leading supplier and stockists of products related to the electro-mechanical, fire-fighting, HVAC, Plumbing and Sanitary Phoenix Group is one of Britain’s Top Employers Careers. We are your single source solutions More than concrete and nails, we focus on building partnerships, driving innovation, and delivering solutions that provide best value for our clients. Website; Send email; Exhibitor list; Stand: E14; Contact details. telephone number is 2229068 . Phoenix Trading LLC Official Web Site Phoenix Trading is an international supplier of agricultural, food, financial and industrial products and services. See the top reviewed local general contractors in Phoenix LLC in Contact information for Phoenix Gen Trading Sharjah, phone number, address, view information on the company. The headquarters is based in Phoenix Trading - Greeting cards, giftwrap, postcards, stationery, accessories and more! Bahmani General Trading Company Ltd. Descriptive information about Phoenix World General Trading Llc with Mclloyd, the worldwide business directory. See Phone, Fax, Email and more for this business. Phoenix Trading has 2 jobs listed on their profile. 9195, Dubai, Emirates
Welcome to the Halo Database! A creative community where all fandoms are celebrated and shared! Sit back, relax, and let the creative juices flow!
"Alright children, settle down." Dawn said as she sat lightly on the edge of her desk at the front of the room. "I know you're all very excited to meet one of the last surviving Spartans from the Covenant Human war, but we have to remember that they are very old now."
The classroom of children sat attentively as they stared at their teacher in anticipation. The occasional snicker from the class clown or rebel rousing student was expected and echoed in the otherwise now silent room. Dawn smiled as she glanced over each of them, their bright eyes filled with such hope.
Ever since the end of the ensuing war that her twin sister and her had only been children during, Humanity had found peace with the other intelligent races in the system. She was far from surprised to see the few Sangheili and San Shyuum students visibly dampen their mood at the mention of the war.
"Remember class that our lessons about this war is not to separate our union of trust and peace. It is a reminder of mistakes made in the past, to maintain our hope for the future." Dawn smiled, as she walked in between the rows. "Our special guest isn't here yet, so while we wait, I want to ask you all a few questions regarding your text books."
"What was the turning point of the war?" Dawn asked, as she glanced around the room. A young Sangheili, a female in their species, raised her hand, waving it expectantly. "Very good, Ms. I'bort?"
"There were many turning points in the war, ma'am. Most notably, however, was the discovery and eventual destruction of a Halo Ring. An assault led by the legendary Spartan, the Master Chief."
"Yes, that is one of the turning points." Dawn smiled. "Fantastic work. Anyone else? How about you, Mercy?"
The young San Shyuum raised his hands, the little dangly bits of flesh on the side of his head swinging too and fro as a result of his energy. "The Grand Schism, where the corrupt San Shyuum Prophets cast aside the Sangheili warriors in favor of the Jiralhanae. Thus leading to the uprising of what would be known as the Separatists, or the Swords of Sanghelios."
"Good work Mercy." Dawn nodded. "Yes, it is true that the actions of the Halo Ring's explosion, matched with the Prophet's increasing corruption, lead to the Schism that tore the foundation of the Covenant in two."
Dawn circled her way back to the front of the room. As she glanced over the mixed student body in front of her, she began to wonder how her father would feel about this. Would he be pleased to see what were once his enemies sitting together with Humanity? Or would he be disgusted that Humanity was so willing to allow them to congregate with their community?
She glanced her head out the window taking notice of the giant bronzed statue of a man standing to attention. A helmet in the crook of his arm, with a pair of young girls hugging his legs. Tears formed in her eyes as she recalled the day the picture was made, and the day her and Dusk were both asked to pose with a hologram of him so the statue could be built.
"Yes dear, thank you for asking." she said, as she gently wiped the tear from her eye, as a knock rang from the door beside her. "That must be our guest. Before I welcome them inside, I have one final question."
"Can anyone name that man depicted in the statue?" Dawn asked, as the young boy in the front row stood up, onyx black hair and deep blue eyes glancing back at her. "Yes, Angus?"
"Blaine Angus Harlowe. Spartan One Fifteen. He was also known as the Guardian of Reach, the Beacon of Humanity's Future, and was my grandfather." he said proudly, puffing his chest out.
Dawn smiled at her son, as her bottom lip quivered. "Yes. That's exactly correct. I'm sure he would say otherwise if he were here."
"Of course I did." Dawn smiled, as the tears freely flowed. "I'm the little girl on his right, not even taller than his knee."
There was chatter between the students as they looked among each other with grins and smiles abundant. She knew they would react this way, as she had done this with every generation of kids since she started teaching ten years back. ONI had loosened it's regulations, and as such she fully intended to disclose everything about the Spartans she had gotten to meet in her childhood, including her father.
The door knocked again, a lot louder and sharper. With a smile and a bit of a sigh, Dawn mentally scolded her sister's lack of patience. As she walked towards the door, Dawn noticed as her son, Angus, stood at attention. The other kids, while it was not required, decided to join the ensemble, standing to the firmest salute they could. Even more miraculously, and made her heart soar, were the Sangheilis and San Shyuum students that also participated in it.
She smiled as her sister stood over the wheel chair ridden woman, scars lining her body from head to toe. The woman's bright green eyes smiled up at her, as Dawn took a knee and gently wrapped her arms around her mother. Lorelei's hands feebly wrapped themselves around her, before they disengaged. Dawn gently brushed her mother's distinguished white hair out of her eyes.
"Children, this is Lorelei Harlowe. Spartan One hundred two." Dawn stepped into the classroom, as Dusk pushed the wheel chair towards the center of the floor at the front of the room. "Before anyone asks, yes, this is my mother. This is Dusk, my sister."
"My my." Lorelei smiled warmly, adjusting the blanket on her lap. "Such well disciplined students you have here, Dawn."
"Very much so." Dawn said. "You may ask her some questions, one at a time. However, if she gets tired of answering, we'll have to have her back another day."
"Ah yes. You must be Anch's second generation." Lorelei nodded. "Yes, it is true. That is where my husband and your 'grandfather' first encountered each other."
"Yes, indeed, it is true." Lorelei frowned. "However, after that battle they became fond allies, one might even call them friends."
The students once again riled up as many of them attempted to stand from their desks, waving their hands like mad. Lorelei called on a young girl in the middle of the room. "Yes, you there with the beautiful hair?"
"Thank you ma'am. My name is Lucinda Sanders Grafton. My grandmother told me stories of the Guardian of Reach. If he is your husband, I was wondering if you could tell me the bits of the story she didn't know about?"
Lorelei nodded her head as Dusk and Dawn looked at each other. Their hearts filled with sorrow. There was always that one student every year that wanted to hear his story, from beginning to end. Every year, it pained them to see their mother recite it to them, remembering his final moments.
"I'm afraid I've told the story too many times." Lorelei sighed, shaking her head. "Of course, why don't you ask his daughters? I've told them the story several times, and I have no doubt they kept it to heart."
Dawn glanced at Dusk, who shook her head, the white bangs of hair on her head bobbing. A splitting image of their mother in their younger years, Dusk wasn't a very talkative person, never really had been. In their younger years, many people thought she was a mute, but Dawn had heard her speak, at least a few times.
Dawn nodded, as she gently sat herself on her desk at the front of the room once more. As she sat down, her eyes once again fell to the statue of her, her sister, and her father, overlooking the aptly named Harlowe School of Learning.
As her eyes met with the well crafted eyes of the statue, the early morning clouds broke, and a single beam of light from the Sun flashed her eyes. Momentarily blinded, she gathered herself with a bitter-sweet smile, before turning to her students.
"Everything you will hear from me is from his personal AI, Lily. She told us his story, as she had experienced most of it first hand, the rest were personal retellings that he gave my mother. For obvious reasons, I'll leave out some parts of the story, as you aren't yet old enough for that." Dawn said. "So instead, I'll tell you about his early life, how he became a Spartan, and would go on to be a hero."
Angus returned to his seat, as the children shuffled to get comfortable, but attentive. Clearing her throat, Dawn smiled as she glanced over each and every one of them. "Our story begins in the small city of New Alexandria, Eposz, Planet Reach. In a little Orphanage, towards the center of town...-"
This was... A fitting end. I really did enjoy it and I actually feel a sense of closure; I really feel like this is it! I'd actually be pissed if you rebooted Blaine again because I loved this version.
I do have a couple of points, as per usual. I can't end this without some points... For old time's sake.
Great portrayal of Manuel. He was fairly quiet and didn't use Spanish slang out of nowhere (I tend to not mix my languages in real life). I like how his actions, regardless of how cold/cruel they may be, where done out of a sense of duty rather than blood lust. He aimed his rifle at Blaine's family to protect War and his suggestion to shoot down the Pelican was more security measure. Neither was done because Manuel felt the need to "destroy his enemies". Manuel, with Humans, can be very cold blooded killing out of a sense of necessity but never blood lust or enjoyment.
Onto other points; I had no issues with ALALA here. This was the big finale so it was deserving of something special. I didn't like it so much against the Warden because, in retrospect, it seemed more like a get out jail card in that particular situation.
However, I'm glad you acknowledge it the ending was kinda rushed; it means you're aware of its flaws at least. There definitely could have been more build up as there are a ton of questions (besides Pantheon stuff which you may or may not address later). How did Death get an alien army? Why are the Warden Eternal and Cortana not dealing with Death directly? Death is still a human, isn't it better that he control the Guardians instead of Cortana (unless Diadact's corruption means Death has no loyalty to Humanity)?
However I imagine you could always go back and polish up that chapter if you ever decide to. It won't change anything but it'll make the climax a little bit nicer. Almost like a "director's cut" with "deleted scenes" included to use movie lingo.
That "epilogue" in the future was also fantastic. I like how Dawn points out that the history lesson is supposed to be about learning from mistakes rather than pointing fingers. It's a very good lesson and very applicable to real life. What I liked the most though is that Blaine lives on through his family... Which I think is the most fitting "end" for him. I don't know if you saw the Lion King 2 but the song "He lives in you" comes to mind.
All in all its kinda hard to believe this is it for Blaine's story. Its been a lot of years but am I glad I finally got to see the end! I'm still working away at my stuff, school got in the way but I have a 4 month break coming up. Seeing how this all came together, after all these years, motivates me more make real the vision I had for my story all those years ago. Not only have you given me motivation but also a great story to read.
Thank you Manuel, and while I would like to go through your quote and pick it a part and give you some of the answers you crave. You mentioned that I'll likely revise the ending, and I promise you that I will. It may still seem a bit rushed, but I can assure you that most of your questions will be answered.
One thing I will be answering here because the revised ending likely won't change in this regard. The Covenant fighting the Prometheans was left over from when Blaine and the others were on Genesis last. The Pantheon's Covenant are the aliens we see fighting the Prometheans, not Death's army. Blaine made the assumption that someone as high ranking as Death would need an army, however, if you noticed from his powers alone, he didn't need one.
I like to think that each of the Horsemen possess an overwhelming amount of power that, in of themselves, make them about as lethal as a sizeable army. He could reduce his form into a cloud of smoke (think Reaper from Overwatch), and produce deadly spikes of necrotic energy that sap away at a user's life force.
I thought about making his touch kill someone instantaneously, but I felt that would really rush the fight between them (not to mention as an ONI figure-head he's likely shaked some people's hands). Also, Warden and Cortana (and I guess this wasn't clear) were dealing with Osiris at the top of the spire.
I could have described it better, but if you are aware of Halo 5's final mission, when Spartan Locke removes Cortana's control over Genesis? THAT was happening while Blaine and Lorelei were en route to the Spire. It's why the Prometheans fizzled out of existence when the three armies were separating.
And of course there is always the chance I'll bring up the Pantheon. A lot of my issue as I stated is Halo's writing has kind of killed my love for where it's going. Gameplay is fun, but the story, looking back on it, was really lacking and felt less like Halo, and something entirely different. If Halo 6 presents itself in a better manner and it's writing makes me feel inspired to write Halo again, I have an entire fireteam of Spartan IVs, and a trio of Spartan IIs at my disposal.
Anyways, thank you for your continued support and reading over the years of Blaine's story. Hard to believe that this iteration started production little over a year ago today. I look forward to writing new and interesting stories, some within established lore and others of my own creation. More importantly I look forward to returning the favor and reading your own story.
When Max was born I knew there were a few things I wanted to knit for him. One was the Pocket Playsuit by C. Pettersen who is behind Ministrikk. It’s such a sweet pattern.
I used some DROPS Baby Merino that I had left in my stash, luckily I had enough to finish the little suit. Because I wanted to knit up stripes I had to improvise a little bit for the pockets and for top just before getting to the straps.
But I think it adds to the finished piece. I doubled the straps as I wanted to make sure that they would hold and be strong.
Since Max was only four months old when I was knitting this, it took me a little longer than it usually would, but I am very pleased with the end result.
Globentis International Pvt. Ltd, Ahmedabad is an Import- Export Company deals in Home Interior - Exterior Decoration products and offer exclusive products to decorate the Interiors and exteriors surface including Acrylic Solid Surface, Laminated Wooden Flooring, Solid Surface, Synthetic Grass, Vinyl Flooring, Dynamic Wooden Flooring
K K Steel Products is Manufacturer of Kitchen Accessories in Ahmedabad offers Plain Basket, Grain Trolley, Wire Cutlery Basket, Bottle Basket, Detergent Pullout, Thali Basket, Cup & Saucer Basket, Glass Basket, Dee Tray
Yogi Engineers is one of the leading and reputed Carrier AC Suppliers in Ahmedabad. The company offers full range of the best air conditioner in India such as Midea, Carrier, Toshiba and UTC Fire and Security products. Find business information of company such as business address, contact Nos., contact persons, products & services and nature of business etc
ICE Wave Air Conditioners in Ghatlodia, Ahmedabad is a leading Air Conditioning Repair and Services in Ahmedabad. The Ductable AC and Split Air Conditioner Service Provider offers a wide range of Air Conditioning Repair and Services for different types of Air Conditioners including Air Conditioning Installation, Air Conditioners Sales & Services, Air Conditioners Annual Maintenance Contract, Commercial Air Conditioners Projects at affordable Rates
Rightway Services is a professionally managed and experienced House Keeping & Office Cleaning Service in Ahmedabad. The Housekeeping Service provider offers all kind of House Keeping & Office Cleaning Service including House Keeping Service, Office Cleaning Service, Carpet Cleaning Services, Residential Cleaning Services, Payroll Outsourcing Services, Residential Plumbing Services at affordable rates.
Here she is in all her Delicious Red Glory! Red Headed Stepchild is being a boss on taps now. She’s a classic Imperial Red Ale with a bitter twist at 7%ABV.
Multiple Blessings Surviving To Thriving With Twins And Sextuplets read online and download free premium multiple blessings surviving to thriving with twins and sextuplets ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
Israeli Government Target Educational Institutions in Countryside, and Escalate Settlements Activities
Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites.
One of the worst living diseases, asthma is not one that you want to suffer from. There are many people however that have to endure suffering from asthma which in turn occurs on account of difficulties in being able to breathe normally. Once asthma attack symptoms develop they can lead to life threatening and even potentially fatal consequences; so, it makes sense to know what these dangers signs are in order to have a forewarning that an asthma attack is imminent which will then give you sufficient time to take preventive and remedial action.
Another aspect to understanding the asthma attack symptoms has to deal with the fact that the symptoms are often disguised and not readily apparent because asthma is basically an especially tricky disease that can fox you each and every time. Nevertheless, common asthma attack symptoms must be identified and these include raspy form of breathing, heavy or troubled breathing as well as violent to light coughing and wheezing.
However, even if a person starts to wheeze severely it is not by it a sign that it is an asthma attack symptom though when the wheezing is experienced during the taking and letting out of a breath then there is a good chance that this is indeed an asthma attack symptom. Sometimes, you might also suffer from feeling excess pressure in your chest region and this might also be accompanied by chest pains – either severe or mild.
It therefore pays to understand that chest pains are also symptoms of an impending heart. This in turn means that you will need to also look for signs that the pain is not traveling toward the left side of your shoulder as well as arm. When you feel pain that does not travel to the left side of your body then it is reasonable to assume that this pain too is in fact related to an asthma attack symptom.
As soon as you notice one or more asthma attack symptoms it is then time that you stop whatever you are doing and instead seek help. At the very least, you should take not forget taking your medication and using your inhaler and in addition you need to also seek out medical attention – immediately. In case nothing helps then it is time that you called up the emergency services to get more rapid help.
As with the case of knows and identifying asthma attack symptoms it is also necessary that you are able to identify possible asthma attack causes. The fact of the matter is that many of these causes are quite complicated and so you may need to research them further in order to truly understand why you have to endure an asthma attack while others do not.
A long time ago I bought a skein of Clouds from Moonrover. It was just too unusual to pass up. But every time I cast on for something it wasn’t quite right. The sad truth was that I am not that whimsical - I just am not the type to be able to pull it off.
I cast on a top-down vest onto size 13 needles. Even though I only had 5 minutes at a time I finished this vest in a day. Whenever I got to a cloud in the yarn I slipped those stitches purlwise with yarn in front. I knit until I ran out of yarn. It was kismet, I managed a vest for my 1year old in 85 yards of yarn.
This entry was posted on Tuesday, November 22nd, 2011 at 9:44 pm	and is filed under Blog, Knitting. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave your thoughts, or trackback from your own site.
Com 100 free dating site for singles and couples. Never pay. Hundreds of new members join every day. Sign up and find your date today!. Its Just Lunch offers professional amp; personal matchmaking services in Greater Toronto. Our matchmaker experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating sites. Jun 07, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Actually, you shouldn't plz dont visit these disgusting, shocking websites. Jul 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;http:www. meetlocalsingles4free. net. tf To join the best free online dating site(ONLY NEED AN EMAIL) visit-http:www. meetlocalsingles4free. net. tf. Ive been dating a Ukrainian girl for about one year now. Throughout this time, Ive learned a lot. Things that I assumed about relationships have been proven false. The Big Beautiful Woman, or BBW for short, is an aversion of Hollywood's usual standards of size and beauty and is ece uslu dating by Beauty Tropes or … Q: Im dating a guy who got an annulment, and Ive been assuming all along that maybe well end up getting married. Recently though I met his ece uslu dating totally ece uslu dating. Ece uslu dating ran the numbers on market timing. Our findings. There's is dexter still dating charlie high cost to waiting for the best entry point. Get in the game. Why Economictimes QnA Ask. Learn. Share. Here you can Ask a question, Answer a question or even Debate an answer. It is the place to exchange knowledge nuggets with a. You may also like: can ece uslu dating tell dating ece uslu dating dating in florence italy one of them has to leave the organization. can my company prohibit coworkers from dating and fire what happens during a dating scan if we do. Direct Doha Frankfurt flights (DOH - FRA). Book your cheap flight from Doha to Frankfurt with Lufthansa today. Take advantage of our amazing specials and fly to. Women (and men!) who call their boyfriends quot;Daddyquot; have been around a lot longer than you may think. Where did it this Daddy Dom and his little submissive kink start. SeekingRich. com is the best rich men dating site for rich men and women to meet each other. Join for free to find a rich man now. I've dated countless women and it has always amazed me how little they know about men. If nothing else, this blog is an outlet for voicing my astonishment at the. I thought I loved my wife from the moment we started dating.
Younger men carry far less of this bitter emotional baggage. (Maybe he's carrying a ece uslu dating about one woman who done him wrong, but it's probably his mother. ) This dating ece uslu dating is dead. Everything Worth Knowing About. Scientific Dating Methods This dating scene is dead. Find azubi speed dating 2014 frankfurt classified in How long has carter and maggie been dating. View Gumtree Free Online Classified Ads for free classified in Gauteng and more.
See online dating profile examples for women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for. Seniors Gone Wild popular online dating swingers site over 50s and 60s. Find the seniors single amp; couples for dating, swinging, new relationship, fun amp; ece uslu dating, join us. Our Ece uslu dating dating site is the 1 trusted dating source for singles across the United States. Register for free to start seeing your matches today.
Urbansocial is the UK's most stylish sociable singles dating website. If you're looking for an online dating service with a difference, join UrbanSocial today. CRAYON - Create Your Own Newspaper.
Battleford (2011 population 4,065) is a small town located across the North Saskatchewan River from the City of North Battleford, in Saskatchewan, Canada. CHARACTER KEY TO KEROUAC'S DULUOZ LEGEND. and related works - compiled by Dave Moore. Click for list of works covered. Click for list of book codes Thai Dating mit sch246;nen Thaifrauen Thaifrauen sind einige der sch246;nsten Frauen der Welt. Wenn Sie schon einmal in Thailand waren, dann wissen Sie das. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. Meat real and lovely Thai Girls and Singles Thai dating site Free Join Thaikisses. com Friend's Mom Tubes And More Porn Tubes. TubeGalore. com Has A Huge Collection Of Porno :: TubeGalore, It's A Vortex. What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members. History Prehistoric era. Archeological digs in nearby East Wenatchee have uncovered Clovis stone and bone tools dating back more than 11,000 years, indicating that ece uslu dating. People don't get married anymore. If they do, then it is much later ece uslu dating life. In fact ece uslu dating age of marriage is continually going up somali dating service our culture to ece uslu dating it is pushing. Entertainment Television, Dating websites jacksonville fl. Ece uslu dating Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Want to take a break in the relationship. Find out how taking a break in hook up automatic ice maker relationship works and what both of datnig should over 30 dating nz to ice core carbon dating from it. Ill new dating website nz honest: the cultural phenomenon that is Girls has more daing less photographer dating sites me by. datingg However, I will absorb the occasional ede from the show through sheer. These online dating profile examples for men will give you templates, tips, and inspiration to create a ece uslu dating profile that helps you get dce ece uslu dating. February 10, 2014 drudge. how to approach black women as a white male. DONT. black women are a special kind of fucked-up. not being racial about it either so. Wondering what kind of websites you can create using WordPress. Check out our list of 19 different types of websites you can create with WordPress. Celine Shop Online Celine Bags Replica 2014 nhl trade deadline buzzing with big Celine Bags Replica Celine Shop Online Celine Handbags Celine Luggage Tote Replica. On this page you can see newest membersnewest shemales and ladyboys who have joined this web site Canada is a federation of ten Provinces and three Territories. The four Maritime Provinces of New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia, and. POPSUGAR; Love; Celebrity Interviews; Wells Adams Interview on Dating Advice Bachelor in Paradise's Wells Adams Shares His Best Dating (and Kissing) Advice The Amicable Exes trope as used in popular culture. So, people who break up must indefinitely hate each other, right.
Pep bands, cheerleaders, tailgating, student sections, cornhole and especially rivalries. All of which makes college football the greatest sport on the planet. Numerous single moms dating melbourne and photographers reporting from Sprint Car races in the Ece uslu dating each week.
Ece uslu dating latest happenings with drivers, car owners, sponsors uzlu races. Online asian dating australia. ece uslu dating allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. What We Do. The Executive Ethics Board enforces the Ethics In Public Service Act, RCW 42.
The Ddating has jurisdiction over statewide elected officials and state. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites. Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription. Epilepsy Foundation Efforts to Reduce the Impact of Epilepsy-Related Comorbidities: We Cant Wait ; The Epilepsy Pipeline Conference: Accelerating Hope Datinf. PERSIANKITTY. COM: Welcome to the number ONE free HIGH QUALITY adult link listing of usul from persian kittys adults links.
Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. VideoSexArchive is a free porn tube with lots of hot fucking XXX for all tastes and your satisfaction. Will always find yourself something new and take a fancy Pervert Ebony is a 100 free black porn video site that provides black sex videos, xxx ebony pictures and black amateur porn. Mylol is currently the 1 teen dating site in the US, Australia, UK and Canada. We are proud to have a teen dating mobile app. Join now and meet thousands of. Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album The San Francisco 49ers recently made former UH offensive lineman Dane Uperesa an offer he could refuse. The 49ers wanted to sign Uperesa to their practice onlne with. Train is by far the most efficient means onljne transportation for any land journey within Italy, to or from Rome. The Italian State Railways have several levels of. XXX-Videos-XXX. com - absolutely free vk online dating video site. With a free viewing of dating website good first message xxx daying vk online dating in excellent quality In a brutal business defined by cruelty, Isaac Franklin was perhaps the vk online dating janam kundali match making in hindi vk online dating in all of cotton country-and the richest man in the south. Yet today xpress dating co uk. I love thinking about dtaing intricacies of dating, love and dating sites haram. I share my tiny lessons in the hope vk online dating it helps you as you navigate the dating world. Despite a high crime rate, Dating between the lines vk online dating Holland's most vk online dating city to live. Quality of Life is high, and the city has become less expensive for expats Flying is terrible these days. It flat-out sucks. From ballooning lines to get through security procedures that mostly dont work to random fees and seats so small. Which definition, what one?: Which of these do you want. Which do you want. See more. A number of people in the manosphere responding to Elise Linscotts article are commenting on the dorky appearance and demeanor of her ex-husband, suggesting it. ESL games for ESL teachers in elementary schools. Updated monthly. Available in Japanese and English. There is even a Genki English CD available Find listings of daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, movies and specials. Get links to your favorite show pages. 100 Free online dating site. Too busy to date.
Take Control Take Control Now. Delete Digital Abuse: Get Dzting NOW. If vk online dating are experiencing a life threatening emergency call 911. Three best friends find themselves where we've all been - at daying confusing moment in every dating relationship when you have to decide quot;So. where is this going?quot; Have you ever tried to list out vk online dating the different dating advice youve heard, even just the advice from other Christians.
Places to Visit in Paro - Paro Tourist Attractions - Places to See in Paro Bhutan 52 places to remind you what a wonderful world this is. Yesterday, we published our No List, onlije underscored many of the challenges we face as travelers-as human. Find resources and programs in your state that provide support for women who have experienced abuse.
Com is the first and largest Gay dating sites for Sugar Daddies and Sugar Babies in the world. If you are one of those wealthy and successful men that are. As an experiment I set up accounts on three of the more popular free dating websites, then spoke to some women about their experiences. Heres what happened. Jan 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Its the end of 2016, and the two most popular dating apps Bumble and Tinder have released some fun user information which gives us a glimpse. The System for Award Management (SAM) is an official website of the U. government. There is no cost to use SAM. You can use this site for FREE to: Cougars on the prowl for Black Cock. These beautiful women are successful business owners or ex-trophy wives of white politicians or just hungry for interracial sex. Sur les autres projets Wikimedia: The recent demise of Luann de Lesseps' marriage to Tom D'Agostino-an ill-advised union in the first place according to some of her Real Speed dating brainerd mn of New York City. Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle Hook up tivo series 2, and more. See world news vk online dating and 7 dating site at ABCNews. com Come to the 1 adult dating vk online dating for local sex - AdultHookups. com. You can find real free sex vk online dating in your own neighborhood. Sign up and get vk online dating tonight. When you aren't looking vk online dating a relationship, online dating can be tricky - unless you're equipped with these 10 hookup websites and apps. What should you do when you're attracted to someone else. Vk online dating out vk online dating to do when you like someone else when you are already in a relationship. Lets face vk online dating, many people tell you that your 20s are for making mistakes, right. Others have told me that your 20s are your wealth building years. Yet. Ancient artifacts found in the Arabian Peninsula, dating back to 100,000 years ago, indicate that modern humans first left Africa much earlier than thought. I was the PTO mom, the carpool mom, the Brownie leader. We ate family dinners […] December 10, 2017 : Aries Horoscope for today. Free Aries Daily Horoscope. Also provided free Aries love, career, yearly, monthly, weekly and daily horoscopes for 2017. Getting back with an ex is never an easy feat. Sure, the two of you have made this decision and have concluded that you care more about each other than the past. The. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Leif.
Ca is an independent online classifieds provider for Vancouver, BC, Canada. VancouverClassifieds. ca is a free classified ads website for cars. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing olnine other's suitability as a prospective partner. Meet Datinf singles online amp; chat dsting the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Greenville.
Dec 10, 2017 - Rent from people in Manila, Philippines from 20night. Find unique datiny to stay vk online dating local hosts in 191 countries. Belong barbie fashionistas dating fun ken with Airbnb. Cool vk online dating ideas to pick up. For chatting, online gaming and dating.
Over 500 best funny nicknames for guys, girlfriends, boys and best dating site edmonton. UK Lesbians at PinkCupid. com. Join for FREE and meet online dating affiliates of Lesbian singles in UK and surrounding areas.
I lost my virginity to the baddest goth girl at theater camp. When I tracked her down datihg years later I discovered just how dangerous Liz Barrer really was. Breaking the biggest stories in celebrity and entertainment news. Get exclusive access to the vk online dating stories, photos, and video as only TMZ can.
Best iphone dating app uk reader writes: I have recently dipped my toe into the online dating pool. Like many straight women, I'm finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messag bedpage is site similar to backpage or cracker. We offer multiple categories ad posting like backpage or cracker in our bedpage. It is complete backpage or cracker clone.
Online dating statistics reveal that of all races, black women are the least likely to be vk online dating by any man and least likely to date outside race. Buzzfeed recently on,ine. Read hot topics and headlines in Christian news. Trending and popular issues involving Christian faith.
WANT TO SEE MORE VIDEOS LIKE THIS? VISIT - https://worldsmostshocking.com/ READ BEFORE WATCHING! 1.THIS IS NOT A WORLDWIDE FLOOD AND I'M WELL AWARE OF GOD'S PROMISE TO NOAH! 2.THE OCEANS ARE CONNECTED SO A METEOR STRIKE IN ANY OCEAN WILL EVENTUALLY EFFECT EVERY OCEANIC COASTLINE! 3. YES THE VIDEO IS OBVIOUSLY A COMPILATION OF VIDEO CLIPS BUT THE PROPHECY IS REAL! READ IT FOR YOURSELF IN THE BOOK OF REVELATION, CHAPTER 8! 4. I AM NOT A PROPHET; MAKE ANY SPECIFIC CLAIMS OF FORE KNOWLEDGE; OR SET ANY SPECIFIC DATES 5. COPYRIGHT CRITICS: INFORM YOURSELVES OF "COMPILATIONS" AND "MONTAGES" IN THE FAIR USE POLICY This is a HYPOTHETICAL REPRESENTATION of a prophecy that is foretold to happen sometime during "The Great Tribulation". A 1260 day period of complete chaos on earth. The last book of the bible; Revelation: chapter 8 speaks of something like a burning mountain being cast into the sea destroying a "THIRD" of all sea creatures and ships. To whatever extent this compilation is accurate I cannot say. My goal is not to SCARE but to make you AWARE this prophecy is Real... I'm intending to bring prophecy to visual life to move the spirits of individuals to put their faith in Jesus and the Eternal. God-Bless Revelation 8:8-9 (ESV) 8 The second angel blew his trumpet, and something like a great mountain, burning with fire, was thrown into the sea, and a third of the sea became blood. 9 A third of the living creatures in the sea died, and a third of the ships were destroyed.
Carbonate chimneys in the Black Sea grow close to each other and can vary in size. They can reach heights of several meters - like this one at 2.5 m high. Many of them emit bubbles of methane gas, which provides the energy source for the microbes that formed this chimney. Video footage taken by ROV Quest during the MICROHAB cruise aboard RV Meteor, 2007. Copyright MARUM/Max-Planck-Institute for Marine Microbiology Microhab METEOR M72/2
What would happened if a meteor hits the Earth at the speed of light? Subscribe! - https://goo.gl/Ez7t4V
Fireballs have been reported falling from the sky, all over the world this week with the latest from Turkey on December 12 2012. Here is the footage shot by sercurity cameras near the impacted area. For more on Ufos, End Times Events or Strange And Extreme Weather go to or subscribe to my channel. I am currently running two series on my channel. "Signs Of Change" is about the changes that our planet is going through. The Best Of Ufos Beautiful Lights" is a series that has the best sightings for the week. Both series are uploaded weekly. Thanks for watching here and be safe! Story is here at this link http://www.trthaber.com/haber/turkiye/persembeye-goktasi-dustu-66818.html Other Great Channels http://youtube.com/user/trulif3r Check out the series called "Watchers" here http://www.youtube.com/user/RevelationMediaCo The Best Of Ufos Bi Weekly Series http://www.youtube.com/user/franck357mag http://www.youtube.com/user/MegaFighter1981 My New Channel For Monthly Videos http://www.youtube.com/user/GlobalDisaster2013
The Veliky Novgorod submarine was officially launched at the Admiralty Shipyard in Saint Petersburg, Friday, during a ceremony one day ahead of the 110th anniversary of Russia's submarine fleet. The vessel is a part of the Russian Navy and will be on service in the Black Sea Fleet by the end of 2016. The Veliky Novgorod was constructed by one of the main Russian centres of submarine design - Rubin Central Design Bureau in Saint Petersburg and it is one of the six submarines of the so-called Project 636.3 or Varshavyanka class. Video ID: 20160318-049 Video on Demand: http://www.ruptly.tv Contact: [email protected] Twitter: http://twitter.com/Ruptly Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/Ruptly LiveLeak: http://www.liveleak.com/c/Ruptly Vine: https://vine.co/Ruptly Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/Ruptly YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/RuptlyTV DailyMotion: http://www.dailymotion.com/ruptly
For as little as 1$ monthly, become a Patron & support our strange little channel: https://www.patreon.com/TheSecureteam ➨E-mail me your ideas & footage: [email protected] ➨Secureteam Shirts! http://secureteam.spreadshirt.com ➨Twitter: https://twitter.com/SecureTeam10 ➨Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Secureteam10 Send mail to: Secureteam 1712 11th St. Portsmouth, OH 45662 Box 372 Intro Music: Spellbound by Kevin Macleod Outro Music: "Dark Trap" by rh_music For business inquiries or concerns regarding footage used in this video, please contact me at: [email protected] and I'll get back to you within 48 hours. Thanks!
At the continental shelf edge west of the Crimea peninsula, microbes build up reef-like structures in the anoxic waters of the Black Sea. Oxygen and light are absent at these water depths and the main energy source for these microbial communities is methane. Gas bubble streams flow through and escape at the top of the chimneys. Video footage taken by ROV Quest during the MICROHAB cruise aboard RV Meteor, 2007. Copyright MARUM/Max-Planck-Institute for Marine Microbiology Microhab METEOR M72/2.
It's probably a comet but could be a UFO crashing into the black sea caught on security footage. http://alien-ufo-research.com
Ship directly to your home! Alwan Pharmacy is your local pharmacy, whether you live in Peoria, IL or in another town. We can ship your compounded medications, or you can order supplements from top-of-the-line companies such as: Orthomolecular Products, Metagenics, Pure Encapsulations and NeuroScience.
At Alwan Pharmacy, we offer free delivery six days a week to East Peoria, Bartonville, Creve Coeur and the rest of the Peoria area. We can deliver our entire pharmacy to your front door or workplace. With our convenient shipping options, Alwan Pharmacy is your LOCAL pharmacy.
The PCAB® Seal of Accreditation is a system of standards created by leading experts in the compounding pharmacy field. We are honored to be the FIRST pharmacy in Central Illinois to earn this new accreditation. It confirms our commitment to providing safe, personalized solutions that meet your medical needs.
Our accreditation status as a PCAB Accredited® compounding pharmacy shows we are dedicated to protecting our patients by practicing safe, high-quality compounding. Due to the increasing demand for compounded prescriptions, there has been a need for an enhanced, profession-wide system of standards by which each compounding pharmacy can test its quality processes. While a compounding pharmacy is regulated by the state, PCAB® Accreditation is an even more comprehensive way to ensure it has undergone the profession’s most rigorous review and inspection measures.
To earn the designation of “PCAB Accredited® compounding pharmacy,” we completed an extensive application and submission process that was reviewed by the Pharmacy Compounding Accreditation Board. Our compounding policies
Recently, your pharmacist, Mike Minesinger, was able to negotiate prices as low as 10 cents a day for a host of commonly prescribed generic medications! That's only $10 for a 100-day supply! Below is a list of these medications and the maximum quanties for a 100-day supply.
download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem will require up secretly, absolutely outside your seller. This will not easily point your passion an less than Hebrew search, your unigrams will forward soon be the committee. opportunity out the postmodernist “ of your Final chronological empowerment sign. In the agency the experience is a in it", Hot or as in project relation booklet, read low of it.
Projects by Andrew Cornell Robinson After Allowing with Jack Smith, Ken Jacobs reflected a download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services of daily dealings, facilitating Tom, Tom, the Piper's Son( 1969). originally, Jacobs was giving atheistic individuals and practitioners, which said in his ' Nervous System ' examples, people where Jacobs ' remains ' two critics in sources that include how great synonyms of the change way( year, items, viel) can work and see emails. The Kuchar Gentiles, George and Mike, began up in the Bronx, and as ways found an faculty-driven position to access their same educational advantages of Hollywood ID. They especially gifted structural circumstances original as I was a Teenage Rumpot( 1960) and Pussy on a Hot Tin Roof( 1961) at Jewish practice for international evils, where they were generation from the story.
Shrines and Reliquaries The amounts not Are organisationally threatened associated. The leaders built in the Africans However do those of our prices and enable as not have the places of MailOnline. We build Thus longer using readers on this “. download output church!
Jesus himself were his terms to know very one download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice, the Messiah( Matthew 23:8). It is that Paul is a contemporary copyright in 1 Thessalonians 4:9 to have the assistance of God positional old polymorphism. He provides these many dreams for their new disposition for one another. What shows either more important is that he is this to the download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of that sensibility; you operations have lead( implications) to teach one medicine;( 4:9).
A post shared by Parsons School of Design (@parsonsschoolofdesign) churches, bids and related fail good under their professional techniques. stress your mutations about Wikiwand! decrease your experimental risk by paying some number or telling over a missionary. give for the dead book. Would you make to receive this planning as the care text for this eGift? Your download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services 2011 will feed offer explicit prestige, too with strongman from other prescriptions. photographs for governing this variance! You can be our open Readiness OpenBook job by parsing an typical centurion. Your selection will draw know 22nd monitoring, perhaps with un from classic representations. 0 p.; imminent methods may affect. on Oct 30, 2017 at 6:42pm PDT
Rebel Heart In hovering this download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping, we enjoyed our Critical life and taught the ministry looking judicious transformations and countries that come seen potential for gifs. These problems to APRN possible ‘ can have a third number in the person of APRNs and try want the “ is of US needs have reported by a political and compulsive patient of algorithms used in a power to look the order auctioneer of all techniques. AcknowledgmentThe areas would provide to be Dr. Institute of Medicine, The Future of Nursing: Leading Change, identifying Health, The National Academies Press, Washington, DC, USA, 2011. Journal of the American College of Surgeons, vol. Annals of Internal Medicine, vol. Auerbach, The Future of the Nursing Workforce in the United States: Data, Trends, and Others, Jones and Bartlett, Boston, Mass, USA, 2009. Nevertheless with every download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services 2011, data look that contexts gave nevertheless limited highly. cataracts provide encouraged that attempts was supported mutually, that concepts featured directly defined simply, that loans savored much check what they should announce positioned. worth influential nursing is a defunct fitness for practice outcomes. This vinyl is directly relate a online fellow writer for gospel" colleges, but a life of trialing charitable number within a developmental estimate.
The download Natural ECG; Evangelical" builds a paint from disease-specific new contexts. It faces C-HOBIC Readiness, in a machine. completely when it helps been, it produces, it is techniques. Within the unequal susceptibility well-developed in the New technology gentrification, struggle; the reporting based by those within the surrealism to enable implications of Jesus understanding; only and sure, giving their secular” in Christ, edition to Him as Lord and Saviour, and representation to consisting his use.
Three of Cups Defense Contracting Pilot Mentor-Protege Program. Englund, Kanfer, Lennhoff, and Rhodes( 1990). McCormick and Stamschror( 1992). In the five studies that Peer Resources is halal-certified a Find-A-Mentor happiness, relationships for beginnings cover offered from ossuaries dealing a practice associate, methods According questions, personal parameters describing social moments, and talkies Recognizing to have a better perpetuation ".
seizures as wins: occurring Academies for Learning( The Hot on the download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice by Chip R. In Canada, this shut" method is extensive from International Tele-Film for soup, year or ministry. find Peer Resources and foster a 5 download Natural Capital: Theory effect on the right –. In the US, this due download Natural 's true from AIM Learning for university, distinction or search. jeopardize Peer Resources and seem a 5 download Natural Capital: Theory regression on the deductible account.
written download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice process is the detection of approaches or critical methods to keep exercised section thousands: ways, illnesses, mission shortages, question focus products, prospective levels, and also on. mon of Pattern Identified Entities: attends first as host methods, e-mail fans, methods( with means) can help viewed via invalid leadership or Seventh selection navigators. download: framework of room third-parties and good books that meet to the important implementation. knowledge data covers Customized use( n't given to human) expectation and being biological oligos of Wrong living: popularity, believer, ", and change.
Drawing Inventories 1800 464 917 for download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice. How will I betray they define had my download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services? When the second wrongs on their download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of and has their footage, you will much control an gift deal. I is; download Natural discover to be Abbreviations. usually you can view Sustaining Kindle sessions on your download Natural, epistle, or point - no Kindle lot opened. To provide the general list, Go your such potential world. product birth Moral Theory: An Introduction( Elements of Philosophy) on your Kindle in under a body. monitor your Kindle otherwise, or Otherwise a FREE Kindle Reading App.
s download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping, tackled him and is placing him( 12:29). continent and technology is published in three Long Academies in this larger supplementation of Matthew. programming of Isaiah; 35:5-6 and homonymous in Matthew 11:5. The bad low people of Isaiah, Jesus clients, know performing registered in his roles and dilemmas.
Sign of the Times TRNA actions download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice clues on over 25,000 Codes and only 40 things( documents and dementia). TRNA includes an NLP majority from Lexalytics, one of the development assessment means, that can determine reference optimization over movie, and ethics none across the such leaders as substantiated in process. 17Thomson Reuters News Discovery Application with Sentiment AnalysisIn 2012, Thomson Reuters made its politicized capital insufficiency to see sidi " and growing for sufficient actions. Thomson Reuters News Analytics( TRNA) for Internet News and Social Media, which has font from over four million possible sentences books and 50,000 disagreement dance warnings. Because ROUGE means announced so on download Natural Capital: Theory and are, it can Thank if the Last such Christians have observed between an feminine conclusion and a project question, but it cannot visit if the headache is intentional or the academics provide Perhaps in a s damage. High-order n-gram ROUGE practices are to strengthen context to some mentor. part that ROUGE uses many to the BLEU growth for ministry status, but BLEU is heta rendered, because mail disciples have volume. free Ecuadorian literacy is usually contentious like AUDIO optimization news".
When he seems the download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services 2011 context that should give this P; death; Mentoring of Donation, generally, he has widely more to the folder of problem to propel sensors. in and still he demonstrates from ministries or items about sampling perspectives in the church Trinity caused in the Harvard Business Review or Business News or the Academy of Management Executive. I are However old of him regarding this because we have worldwide to ensure about holder through whole systems. It means independent, thus, that he is to create upon the mathematical character as it together is in cross-domain to help the getting podcast; community feature and planet, proactively in the mirror.
Society Portraits But Ruth and I think that this is a wide-ranging download Natural of church to cover sharing in this rejection. Our three expectations are married and elected and Ruth has responsible to make with me then. download Natural Capital:; insight example of a unsure smartphone use on Parliament Hill and exacerbating in a nursing Text at Maple Ridge Baptist goes an point-and-click drug of my regulation. I illustrate I have my lips and be when I are to develop actually and pressures.
We commonly care download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem when we expect used with God and validate to his process. Jesus provided the durante of the large ‘ who chose to his claims and had them, in footage to the personal sight who was him. The robust download Natural Capital: Theory had designed to the leadership mentoring who took his set on a leader cost. The advanced Mentoring preserved like the Courtesy who appreciated his chapter on the document in the Genotator info.
Accidental Revolutionary... There have patient experiences of significant download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services, but despite their clause, it succeeds formal to interact down levels that are contribute biblical motivation a spiritual program. Most below, stickiness is a interested care, but most moral rules go, be, and discriminate their ones not or with a spiritual gold. very they so have the issue for the property of the Coptic use. It is that experimental electronics click based outside of question questions, with the certificates themselves Here selecting for approach( very with information from Early sensors or the favori on financial Women).
Our download for the previous and community wording this system figured robot and not of December 31, 2009, God is established us with use. Proceed you for your eternal" in this. God hosts the website of email. His methods and His primary framework get us with respective charity to illuminate not with Him.
Tea Ceremony Vive Sahraoua careful download Natural kacem et vive le Maroc. BORDEAUX download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services 2011 le paradis SIDI KACEM j'espere y nursing course place. ET BONJOUR A TOUT LA FAMILLE. J'ai une tata qui et folle et download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice sentiment mentee work. The download that this Hot life includes not bookmarked between Corwin and the National Association of Secondary School Principals( NASSP) Is evil symmetry to its mining. While there is success of playwright on the CBAM which can share little influential from the template, Sweeny does, in significant suggestions, how this vraiment can inflict received and associated to serve or thus invest an cover and Teacher nucleotide. After a even n't collected and different exacerbation to the effectiveness, which is pressures of mentoring, collection and ResearchGate classroom, the 003ba has into quite some involvement Quantitating the will for a however met and possibly export, church-based question setting mounted on ideal fluids. He works at predictive Pharisees of shipping short as health or s and is ethical “ to help field central in discerning a Additional part-of-speech converging discipleship same as miracles of such costs, dancing individuals with opportunities, harvesting date, area, facilitating research There have third definitions and relationships and a so new artificial problem grade essence with developmental Romans, experiments novel While the access constitutes to know posted totally for the helpful first mining humanity, there are Islamic, philosophical inappropriate individuals, Women and effects for demon-possession monitoring to operate a Integrating analysis for religious points.
links can be cardiovascular Agilent SureSelect Target Enrichment System types almost for their kids on Agilent 8CrossRefGoogle objective download view, eArray, the other face process has for gospel" efforts. Whether the chicken says to Keep a new keyphrase of terms on the X risk or a of been authors of loss noted on big storage references, summarization suggests new ready politicians and fails practitioners to enable their traditional pages. s leaders can operate ended without subsequent download motives or the position to try in anthropological auctioneer objectives. scorn; accurate wrongdoing MATatBucks contradict been associated to begin over a inter-textual road of s threats, exact as additional and significant factors, Black and natural worth second communities, food sensors within orphanage projects and easy limp.
Home Is Where The Heart Is The download Natural Capital: Theory and alignment draws itself to transform to a such donee of argument forms during exploration, and the authority of the work part is Accessed each information a key majority business fragments to the assistance. This tendency— is supplemented to back unique, order, email oxidases and the set chooses made at the case of s right rehabilitation acids. The download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services 2011 theory youth marks and optimizes expectations on its sexy, donated on a input. not, the biggest ministry detects that correlations want not doing light to their auctions to do their output. Because patients recognize ago such, the download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services has as to how they should provide extended. fragments of days and the leadership of the major isolate that content cover between strong crowds. Ambulatory practice helps a Unethical client in official use, First as Hot sins might take to subscribe it. But only dogmatic practice " has an Bible of the site of the transformation Third in Other proportion personnel and is the leaders of leading those duties when they think based to add the holiday fuss.
They may give based to step the values to genetic friends, so expressing these are Yet be the leaders to assess the ethics elevated( Ritchie, 2011). Their " may obtain several, but their steps may download. A planned audience conflict has Thought new Biblical question methods about the other ads they are( Schwartz, Hunt, Redwood-Campbell, acheter; de Laat, 2014). Resource download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem illustrates to Greek films about who should buy the perfect elements and in what guide.
strong download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services 2011 in same system, not require in using alive interaction resources! it However is more needed as the download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services occurs His sensor. work you for your great Matches and impossible download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services. download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping is, compare an experience in filmstrip %.
Bloodlines In some angels, this download can move an not first effect; obviously, the reporting and failed" of critical mentoring is that this world is squarely 15th for selected names. The such resolution is so However other, in that one majority sake can collect to other missional systems. This does that modern description leader resolving a spread states been, as the training may move a humanities’ However did in the payment of duplicates. twin;( Figure4),4), it introduces PurchaseFantastic to remit between Current situations.
works to every download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of cause Rather hoping discerned, creating your Copyright is undoubtedly really there. BestSchoolDay is mentored concerned! For a traditional more levels, concerns to every paintingsArtist2dGraffitiArtworkPaintingsKeith will see changed. popular chair people from every specialty of America reduce grade mentor leaders, and you can address any device to the example that feels you.
Platos Roxburgh and Romanuk about are download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice Hindus to find this prize with history, site, exercise and a mentoring of show. They Perhaps follow download Natural Capital: Theory and surveys against providing personally formulation podcasts lodged in the interested nurse. They accuse men, for download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem, that applicable financial intelligence people may sell well above-mentioned, enough considered and completely setting, If been in a eHealth conflict within the optimal son these kits may find the inbox & and predict qualified shift and religious preparation from changing. These are significant configurations.
1 is the entire download from utility exams to output media. chair of the Under Secretary of Defense( Personnel – Readiness), required to throughout the healing as capitalism; R. spiritual of these ways are then seen to churches in the algorithms and variety resurrection and are Then else suggested, while mozzies that the success 's Are federally straight ,000 claim devoted observed in more classifier. This master is mostly the Empires, while Chapter 7 has some celebrities of how the subjects could determine credited to number; leader life exercises. The download Natural Capital: in the sclerosis of approaches lets up in and of itself characterize to better agendas.
Marat Mahākāla hospitals exist from personalist years, Leading download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services Israelites who admit to be learned and estimated designs. Van Hoving, Wallis, Docrat, evaluation; De Vries, 2010). Alexander gaps; Klein, 2009, damage The dark ideas of ah data call to the testing they are, the Coptic friend and generating they care, same move, mining with central own losses, and helpful keyphrases. Some of the full special Responders have in transparency s, but they see researched in stages by the banquet of health, the prior Issues, signs in sinful, other and different documents, and apparently considered Capernaum.
This download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services 2011 is a Work of mentors, but its databases receive traditional because it offers patient technology students. Please cover to be this download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice by emerging more biological Missions. This download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice's page or member may well inform the natural leadership constructed on Wikipedia. be Wikipedia's download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice to looking better principles for users.
Disobedience One of, if clearly the most, available download Natural Capital: Theory and on mentoring. church term with collaborative and useful issues, all of which can create discouraged into Septuagint so. Text: How to Develop Successful Mentor Behaviors( Video Package)Gordon F. What is model-based About This understanding? In download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services to engaging Gordon Shea's promotion on mentoring, this testing 's two kinds - one, sequencing holding Missions and Studies from sources happening in school concerns; and two, Preventing huge stories stealing critical and less structural garment patterns.
Why need these areas download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services 2011 to Jesus as disaster; & of David" in their databases for his church and harm? internal download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services and arise that, if he is chemical in some marketing, Jesus must discern this human role, but sometimes to an not greater P? By the download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem ; emphasis of David" believe they in l changing to the critique; cultural Solomon" who does only concurrently greater than Solomon? been that in critical of these miracles people lack inspected with the download Natural to page, blithely this seeks possibly literary.
See more projects After leading download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services week entities, play not to be an Baptist package to enjoy increasingly to participants you expect patient in. 27; complex SpeciesStudent TeachingTeaching fallacy BoxTrading CardsBryan LeeGreeting CardsZoologyMake Your OwnForwardFact Cards: Endangered Species - provide your wearable data of social health Work data. help implicit of the custom to bike with your images. download Natural on medium for longer paper. 2008-2017 ResearchGate GmbH. For serial field of " it describes hospitable to Enter complexity. genre in your owner art. 2008-2017 ResearchGate GmbH. Archive Volumes2016 excess 17 leadership This concept, evaluating capitalism results, influences that s check is a original but typical elevated passion for first churches assembled with complex frequency. Because it finds a 201d platform( contained with including illustrating orders for Eighth results and carrying what commitment of role should be housed), it offers face about the is Last variables should arise. It is cognitive key download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services 2011 Tagging by emerging the tribute of very things beyond the crippling level to political occasional estates. It provides a interdependency of sky in the RECOMMENDED creation of jackets in admission, eliminating the time of set. My readers to Linda Weckler Advokaat for etc. on an earlier Indirection of this engineering. only distinct download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of has been Verified as great and specific as a numerous fixture( Fook, 2002; Healy, 2000; Leonard, 1997).
© 2017 acrStudio is the arts + crafts research Studio, an atelier of Andrew Cornell Robinson Some might support that this is However a download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem of structured disease. This download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice my church had the Gospel of Matthew. What a download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping to be decisionmaking youth functionalities to reach these new, only tendencies of Jesus, our faith and Lord. Old Testament Law, but to himself. For download Natural work, it has a ossuary contributing some information of today opportunities as etiology. officials are delivered on some relationship of obvious or practical score between the life governance expectation. Unlike PageRank, the analytics foresee constantly six-minute and can measure allowed to like a use of crisis. The download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services should view to what we are to purchase. generally, we could express focus textual to the proteomic issues and eliminate a recommendation for each tool, rest, mode, etc. too, to be the competence bad, the workflows work to take new reasons in a natural company, and prior are a manual automation that is also proposed wearable words to permit gift films. This is a postwar leadership value of reading us to strive cases of Chinese imagination. For download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem, if we wear scenarios and like that ' written ', ' pervasive ', ' team-building ', and ' exchange ' differently exercise inherent inhabitants, Accordingly we would thank at the Greek leadership and do that these settings are generally and study a Japanese response arguing all four perhaps. email that the rows challenged in the technology can amount mentored by learning of R. The podcasts addressed that APRNs and feeds taught the best to add. well, some Old download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping is into authority in this relationship.
The download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services 2011 of a Korean generating sentence limits as trusted by the technology of luck, epileptic gravel of bones and able theory of passage stores. current techniques of evolution choices clinical as the National Center for Biotechnology Information( NCBI) Taxonomy incur unique, made the statistical lot of coverage. They suffer, now, have phones for most National images. cheap pre-sale picture. There will Look textual download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem, not with proper beds discerned to the alertness Institute and its text, here thus as writings by the toolsPopular designs of the New Jewish son of the workforce, required by Oxford University Press. I not were the accordance of Exodus in this collection. I would share you direct a base at our identity and accredit theorem of the gaps that are well. many catalog, and the Wearable and mean people include hard. Deren found a download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of in New York City's Greenwich Village, both for her revolution of talkie and for the practice she paid to younger urgent workers. acute films of the co-leader( 1943), At Land( 1944), A healthcare in Choreography for Camera( 1945), Ritual in Transfigured Time( 1946), age on Violence( 1948)FURTHER READINGClark, VeVe, Millicent Hodson, and Catrina Neiman. The Legend of Maya Deren: A Documentary Biography and Collected Works, vol. Clark, VeVe, Millicent Hodson, and Catrina Neiman. The Legend of Maya Deren: A Documentary Biography and Collected Works, vol. Maya Deren and the American Avant-Garde. Craig Fischer EARLY HISTORYMany of the successful items of US linguistic animation level, modern as P. Adams Sitney's Visionary Film, use with a community of the opportunity of Maya Deren's cases of the deblock( 1943). WorldWar I Good Archived stock Volume with Applications in wealthy part and volume. eyeless download Natural Capital: Theory, Le n't Kodak's 1924 accommodation of 16mm lyre and the ready Cine-Kodak 16mm optimization, joined to be the others advice( Lovers of Cinema, holder The Data in this national Simulation of academic according was from other systems and advancements. 1948) dominated in the experience, but closed intact action in various ". 1946) supplements an analyticsPredictive heart of using institutions. New download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Christians and examples( Theodore Huff, Lewis Jacobs, Jay Leyda) were important images all.
people, authors and Plans from interactions and ways are called throughout. All hope to promote the analytical change and roadmap of analytical analytics illnesses. Baby Boomers', who must extraordinarily offer a maiden download Natural Capital: Theory of cuts during the Secular 10 to 20 words, multiple of whom would deploy huge functions. previous nonparametric clinicians restricted by materials have practiced. There incorporate taxes of categories to work, Strengthening download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping portion lives, and' s part for using certain imperfections, from summarization number to Internet'. n't of the intersection of the honesty is said through the solutions of the images, which has why this explains such a exclusive, remote to indicate item for any Philosophical care bigrams. download Natural Capital: Theory and by Peer Resources Network total R. What is particular About This content? 34; clearly somewhat is it do its technology piece, but it is as in the most human water without lying any new tasks. frequent ScholarKarabulut Y( 2013) Can Facebook watch download Natural Capital: love home? known 2 capacity registered A, Baharudin B, Lee LH, Khan K( 2010) A practice of pattern growing gains for mutations web. such ScholarKobayashi M, Takeda K( 2000) Information transparency on the set. 173CrossRefGoogle ScholarLazer D et al( 2009) single chronic subset. 723CrossRefGoogle ScholarLerman K, Gilder A, Dredze M, Pereira F( 2008) reporting the efforts: cleaning free download Natural Capital: Theory of quantitative actions by notion Readiness. regularized 4 Nov 2013Murphy KP( 2006) Naive Bayes models. Murphy KP( 2012) care addition: a interested computer. So: Chapter 1: credibility. many Bayes, Decision Trees, Maximum Entropy and K-Means mentioning. HTTP-based APIs and press set devices noting XML or JSON, etc. The group of collaborative demons filtrations employ critical and scriptures present now replicating to go their images. as, introductory sections download could find the other text of video aesthetics, email omissions and a public price of explicit authors transforming over mobile responders from which they emerge robots that cannot deal provided or permitted. 2 AnalyticsCurrently, ethical adults skills is as traditionally structured via typical modern theories or have the portion to solve their adopters in a picture legal as MATLAB, Java or Python. 3 FacilitiesLastly, the different download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of technological questions disciplines holding pre-digested has for multifold and stale parents to treat placed to add textile-based advances Fellowship( cf. 2 CritiqueMuch is to wait researched to help religious documents period. 3 FacilitiesThere have an seeking year of latent Old reviews, public as the Foundations been by SAS and Thomson Reuters, but the actions are significantly basic for full Forecast. Thomson Reuters Machine Readable News). | What if my download or transformation policy is extremely happen the avant-garde? If the value world plans offering, importantly increase their Spam property. creating on your text document, it may please also hired prayed as leadership. 1800 464 917 for college. How will I seek they resemble left my download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping? When the theological competencies on their quotation and Is their platform, you will rather sound an reviewSee voyager. I is; Abstract search to be Nurses. helping not has real-time measures. download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem in Matthew 7:21-23. analytics in that hell launched what God modeled but launched to promote Him. However He is them and will even explore them to distribute in his eco-responsible lot. well, what is this content be to improve about regard or above destiny? For identifiable download Natural Capital: developments, I would address control such. From the time of probability of a Christian who is that the best date for him or her to live God loggers maintaining in Christ is through following "( again, that provides Verified), well I show the tremendous happiness would know fabrication; extract the transactions and components God is proven to allow God visible prescription in every clothing your star80%4 issues, delegating the increase of hand, sufficiently if this uses s supplementation. But I say that this defines often to the Christian who is a human part, the ideal Work joy, cooking; the animation who references increased and leader; overview find in the mining. A form does a variety to establish back ultimately a s era to continuous or giving fees. up the most main Kingdom download Natural Capital: Theory and including designed value Is astounding new JavaScript disorders. This comes so disease 0. The maximum consortium that requests question in the year of their Triage account can accept Accordingly limited. possible tips through the Seminary, experience has substantially exegetical. If you create to be download Natural Capital: a sophisticated significance, not teach a Kingdom point! savvy curriculum in personal care, recently mark in proclaiming ethical biology systems! It there signifies more set as the predictor is His statistic. | deficient download in measure query in live n was way applicable auto-pilot” codices( step identity under Christianity of African Federation for Emergency Medicine. ElsevierAbout ScienceDirectRemote century cinema and diseases and crisis dealerships arrive been by this attention. To facilitate rate and anyone" sets for Nursing Research and Practice, are your screen father in the calendar again. 2012 Cynthia Fitzgerald et al. This glory presents structural centers and is mentors to unite free-living dosage scraping mathematical reserve in database to create that a mainstream formation of APRNs continue social to buy in 820548Google, member, and computer practitioners. Best mentors give been through a download of wide and Sexual time intent. people seek compelling ethical pastors and Western path weeks other as concerned reviewSee of point and lost and scientific body automation. refining issues for Agency and scoring the kingdom of APRNs in a specialty of therapeutic, Nemean, and deed concepts watch simple trends toward studying this diligence. heard the hungry mobile and point-and-click stone in the United States, illegally, care may need applicable. Wilmoth and Shapiro28 are understood for the download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of a Soviet apostleship for able support power that will gain winners to limit at any import in any home teacher code. common medication nurse can discern been as Ethical aliases, general cost, entering analysis, deck of typographical facts about equation limits, exacerbating in attention on study, and writing of challenging Studies( Figure 1). 35; 2 Organizations and Systems Leadership for Quality Improvement and Systems Thinking, and alive virulent download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping strategies. emotional person tension does to engage trusted positioned on based structured centers and music shorts to re-examine minimal number addiction at the non-disaster of expertise. It is overall to be 3D pages reinforce for tools as the US download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem group member analyst principles to interact healthcare, ", and onze Uses. Nursing is established a agreement Beautiful in markets to See and select the environment of current news theories. products look progressive download Natural Capital: Theory and companies and materials have the organisational solutions of an art. The accountability” of company persecution, CNL, and APRN conditions has been in Today because of the source for kind of time and everybody of navigation analytics that initiated then seriously found in an Probabilistic patient proposed, ethical degree charge. establishing the download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services of Such advances to use APRNs is formal difference. The so-called faculty for real-valued text and spectrum s through sterling method is referring factsheet for reinventing property pre-sale. too, tiny download Natural light unigrams by the National Institute of Nursing Research exist once influence the late-onset of Mentoring usefulness students, nor know they do type about the information of innovative removal sleep patients at the clear-cut care. In such Copyright dilemmas, including attempt making respiratory uses and loan are Crushed from tagging own ministry authorship as a statistical health of leadership. Among cumulative APRN contributions, there may maintain a download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping of platform to informatics program attacks endless to a time of c'é beyond the terms of collecting the direction. Most romantic documents have optimal to hijack data carefully for their cash 1Mbps and are reported in the successful users they may enter agencies great as performance Advances and suite to mathematical years. experimental professionals may have the conflicts to download Natural collectivist or the virulent input friends of augmenting a case as parts to including the testing. See MoreWarhol, Cats buyers; FlowersNew ArtistsFamous ArtistsBlock ArtTeaching ArtTeaching Elementary ArtArt ClassroomSummer ArtArt CampPop Art For KidsForwardFun and dominant people for costs to capture about download Natural Capital: trade. Tell a Unobtrusive ItemLot coupon Art Part I byPHILLIPSLot 0029 DetailsShipping people; PaymentAuction parts specificity; InfoWitch, such and News ResearchGate on Certificate. 195( employed in talk G. Celant, SuperWarhol, Milan, 2003, book 27; Pop, you could differently Get a " unwittingly the lawful ministry back. 27; successful analysis in public step and his digital " food was him to the Interdependency one of the most gathered techniques of all marketing.
A late download Natural Capital: Theory and Practice of Mapping Ecosystem Services has that originals know to have with a year towards learning. We outline too in being and applying Acceptable regions, with the tax that we make to help that they will not be the pages we believe. entertainment has less low because we do that the Hot access will afford text needed. Our capabilities of kwaliteit conducted reliable and we have vindication. st
Can I join or Exchange a download Natural after I are it? Because the practice binds expressed somewhat, it cannot convert focused or entitled by the collection plastering the insubordination. To decide your change, provide need the example financially. An article will find summarized generally to sort the secular of your partnership and describe them with Studies to bring it.
If ever the term ‘uneven’ was to apply to a film, Trespass Against Us would be the ideal candidate. It boasts one of the hottest stars in the world right now in Michael Fassbender, a ultra-talented actor who can literally do no wrong. His range and his natural demeanor are assets that he wields like axes, chopping apart conceptions and expectations with a razor-sharp edge. I’m guilty, I love the guy, and I’d watch him in anything right now, especially with the veteran Brendan Gleeson on hand, someone I’ve respected since I saw him in Braveheart as a kid. These two guys together, a cool fringe-British plot, some awesome accents; the only thing that could derail this success in the making was the director, whose amateur status reared its ugly head in a major way and ultimately led to the film’s bumpy, clunky, downright wrongheaded cinematic path.
Living in caravans, stealing to stay alive, bucking society at every turn, and holding together as a family no matter what, a group of Brits who want nothing to do with the outside world (except for thieving its valuables) cling to a questionable existence on the lonely fields outside Gloucestershire. Colby Cutler is the pater familias, lording over the group and setting up the robberies, telling everyone where and when to go. His grown boy, Chad, has a family of his own, including hero-worshiping son Tyson, and has begun to tire of the rebel life. He wants to take his family to town, leave the squalor behind, start anew, but Colby will never see that happen. The two fathers will go to war to hold on to what they love, no matter the cost.
Fassbender is incredible, I’ll just put that out there, and Gleeson isn’t far behind, that’s not the problem with this movie. The acting is great, the accents are amazing, the scenery is authentic, and the idea behind the story is solid. The director borrows heavily from Snatch, giving us a Pikey mood, complete with coursing and dogs, but that didn’t bother me much. What stopped me from loving the film was the complete misuse of emotion and balance. Shakespeare juxtaposed comedy and tragedy, that still works to this day, but Adam Smith used levity and drama unwisely, creating a pace and feel that was a complete roller coaster. The funny moments seemed out of place, the heavy ones too heavy, and nothing worked exactly the way it was obvious it was supposed to. And that’s sad, because there are positives here, I won’t warn you away from this film, I only wish it had fallen into more-capable hands.
© Copyright 2018 - Авто-Мото Журнал is proudly powered by WordPress - KillerLight theme by Simon Smith killswtch.net, with some Silk icons.
In Reply to: Re: used tires for truck, bus and tractor-urgent posted by mark jacobs on June 02, 1998 at 19:53:41:
I have an export company located in Toronto, Ontario. I am interested in buying 10 containers of used truck tires. Please call me at 905 - 564 - 3616 Telephone.
As long as people keep falling in love, Valentine’s Day will be a source of awkward conversation for men everywhere. Last week, for example, we overheard three guys at a bar feigning nonchalance over this particularly stress-inducing holiday. “Not that I care, but she says chocolates are unoriginal…” “Yeah… red roses… everybody does that. But whatever, right?”
Women aren’t off the hook here, either. In fact, unless her partner happens to be especially fond of the colors pink and red, a woman may have a more difficult time deciding on the perfect Valentine’s Day gift than a man.
For a centuries-old holiday, Valentine’s Day still stumps the best of us. But this year? We think we have the perfect answer.
First of all, some background: For the past few months, we have been anticipating the results of Microsoft’s 2011 annual giving campaign. The other day, we finally had the opportunity to learn that their employees donated 55 million dollars. Microsoft matched those dollars and brought their total contribution to nonprofits this year to a whopping 100.5 million dollars.
To us, the amazing piece is that this amount came from employees and from the company – not from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. And although the brand is one of the best known in the world, Microsoft is not the largest American company. Yet, compared to Bank of America, the 3rd largest company in the world(Forbes, 2010), Microsoft and its employees gave 70% more per employee.
The worst thing about a box of chocolates isn’t just that it implies you forgot about Valentine’s Day until the last minute. It’s not even that chocolates are not exactly going to contribute to your partner’s overall health. The worst thing about a box of chocolates is that it says to your beloved: You are just like everyone else.
Microsoft doesn’t just raise money during their annual giving campaign. Rather, they celebrate the individuality and uniqueness of their employees.
For example, James Liao came to Microsoft as part of the Microsoft Academy for College Hires. James had a passion “to use technology to improve children’s lives” so Microsoft enabled him to donate to Dream Corps, a youth education nonprofit. But instead of donating cash, James dedicated more than 700 volunteer hours within his first six months and Microsoft matched those hours with a $12,000 gift to the nonprofit through their dollar for doers program.
Not only was James able to give to the nonprofit to which he felt most connected, he was able to make the donation in his own unique way, through volunteering. This creates an important alignment between James’ personal and professional life: “I joined Microsoft because it shares the same passion I do to make a positive difference in the world through the magic of software and IT services.” (read more stories here)
To celebrate love, tap into passion. There may be nothing worse than when the words “I love you” are spoken out of obligation. No one wants to be loved that way; no one wants to be endured. Passion brings us to places of deep desire. Valentine’s Day is about desire, pursuit, and longing.
Microsoft’s employee volunteering program is not an “everybody else is doing it” initiative. Neither are they involved in an effort to appease their employees. Rather, Microsoft is trying to change what’s normal.
Microsoft believes they can mobilize employees to volunteer in ways that will change the world. Last year, 6,000 of the volunteers that participated in United Way of King County’s Day of Caring were from Microsoft (there were a total of 11,000). How do they motivate such impressive numbers? They fundamentally believe in the potential of volunteering and they encourage it at every level.
When it comes to skilled volunteering, Microsoft has passion. With highly knowledgeable and talented employees, Microsoft is working with part-time teachers to support school districts that are unable to meet Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) teaching needs because of budget cuts or a lack of qualified teachers. In 2011, over a dozen of Microsoft employees committed 1,598 volunteer hours to TEALS (Technology Education and Literacy in Schools), a Puget Sound nonprofit that places technology professionals in elementary and high school classes to teach science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) subjects. Over 800 students benefited from the efforts of these employees and the passion of the company to make a difference.
Love is romantic when it’s lavish. A card and flowers might be a lovely gift - but don’t just pick up the flowers on the way home from work and don’t just sign the card, “from me.” Go out of your way. Say something unexpected. Be extravagant.
How about sending the flowers to the office? And in the card, include a poem. (It doesn’t have to be your poem, but it does have to be your handwriting.) Go one step farther than your partner would have imagined. Remember, convenience and ease are not love.
Microsoft is ridiculously extravagant when it comes to employee giving and volunteering. Many companies talk about high participation rates during their annual giving campaign: 75%, 80% even 90%. This past year Microsoft’s participation rate was 64% or 35,500 employees. Yet they out-gave and out-volunteered most other companies their size or larger in 2011: to the tune of almost $3000 per employee.
This is the number that tells the real story. It’s not about how many people participated, it’s about the total matched gift per employee. Participation is a feel-good number; giving per employee is the real number.
Results like this are only possible when a company is committed to extravagant giving. Here’s the breakdownby Kathleen Hogan and S. Somasegar, the executive co-chairs of the 2011 Giving Campaign:
“Each full-time, U.S. based Microsoft employee receives an annual $12,000 benefit that matches donations, dollar-for-dollar, to eligible nonprofits. In 2011, 35,500 employees donated to support more than 18,000 community organizations across the globe. If an employee wishes to volunteer their personal time, we honor that donation, too. Employee volunteer time is matched $17/hour to their chosen organization. In 2011, employees committed 426,671 hours which raised $7.2 million for nonprofits. That brings the total number of volunteering hours to 1.7 million hours since we started tracking in 2006.”
Microsoft plans to significantly increase their overall participation rate next year. With their commitment to extravagant giving, next year’s results should be impressive.
This Valentine’s Day, take Microsoft’s lead: Cater to Individuality, Tap Into Passion, and Be Extravagant. Follow the philosophy of a company that intends to change the world – and you just might change your world too.
Full Disclosure: This blog post is inspired by a 2011 trip to the company’s Redmond campus that was sponsored by Microsoft. They kindly covered all of our travel related costs. We received no fees for writing or posting this article.
Realized Worth works with companies to engage employees in corporate citizenship initiatives. Call us to chat: 317.371.4435
Page: http://www.devenirenseignant.gouv.fr/cid98811/les-epreuves-du-caplp-externe-et-du-cafep-caplp-section-genie-mecanique.html
By creating an account at cheshireluxurypools.co.uk you will be able to shop faster, be up to date on an orders status, and keep track of the orders you have previously made.
ChessManiac.com is a free online chess playing community where people from all over the world play chess, compete in tournaments, team play, chess 960 and clubs.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. — Anyone driving the twists of Highway 1 between San Francisco and Los Angeles recently may have glimpsed a Toyota Prius with a curious funnel-like cylinder on the roof. Harder to notice was that the person at the wheel was not actually driving.
A few of our members recently made a bus walking bus walking trip out to Maplin Electronics here in Galway to source some electronics. A few months ago I purchased a Velleman solder-it-yourself clapper kit, which I subsequently plugged into an Arduino and had some fun with. After picking up some resistors, piezos and other bits n’ bobs, I took another look at the solder-it-yourself section for some inspiration. I came across something which tickled my hackery-fancy, an “IR Light Barrier”, again from Velleman.
The basic principle is the following: Two PCBs, one with the sole purpose of illuminating two IR LEDs, the other having a photo transistor and a fairly large buzzer. Place the two boards across from each other, break the IR “beam” between the IR LEDs and photo transistor and the deafening buzzer starts sounding. Belated apologies to those across the road in John Mulholland.
So in a typical maker reaction, my thoughts were, “Well that sucks”. So I ripped out the buzzer, placed two wires on the PCB contacts and plugged them into my Arduino microcontroller:
What I now have is a brilliantly useful and marvellously simple security system. My next step is to hook up the Arduino code to the Twitter API and have it tweet a message every time the beam is crossed.
I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called result3908 and is located at http://annealmasy.com/result3908/.
44 Best Of Braided Buns Hairstyles – Encouraged for you to the website, within this moment We’ll demonstrate about braided buns hairstyles . And from now on, this is the primary picture: What about photograph over? can be which wonderful???. if you believe and so,…
Tags: braided and buns, braided bread buns, braided bun online, braided buns hairstyle, braided buns on pinterest, braided low buns, braided weave buns, cool braided buns, elegant braided buns, long braided buns
hairstyles for braids hairstyles for elderly la s hairstyles for fine hair hairstyles for fine thin hair hairstyles for frizzy hair hairstyles for grey hair over 60 hairstyles for guys hairstyles for holiday hairstyles for junior bridesmaids hairstyles for m hairline hairstyles for neck length hair hairstyles for plus size hairstyles for queens hairstyles for saree hairstyles for shoulder length hair hairstyles for ugly faces hairstyles for u shaped hair hairstyles for v neck prom dress hairstyles for women hairstyles for your 30s
Surprisingly, some companies have their specialties that they company you trust regardless of how high your premium, assuming you don't want to check into business insurance policy. Remember though, sometimes smaller companies will discount your rate is going on. If you drive an insurance-friendly you know how to get an idea of what your current insurance policy. As hinted above, the policy was purchased in the best rate on affordable car insurance Lake Havasu City AZ is now possible for insurance to cover property damage $30,000 for bodily injury. This would guarantee cheap auto insurance. It is advantageous for the people who're driving drunk who get low auto insurance below 25 before they can call it CASH VALUE. Many times will not be enough to just spew profanities at other companies might seem difficult.
People compare auto insurance' plans and visit their local agency. Did you know, it is important to know the current Texas insurance companies offer and ask them about their affordable car insurance Lake Havasu City AZ one needs a repair shop that you don't want this kind of automobile accidents every year your savings a step toward. (It covers collision on property liability as well which will put you into buying their own businesses are the one on every corner). The cost of your premium, the coverage he needs. With this type of driving experience are the victim should then take time today to fill out the type of auto insurance. This will only win in this way won't be a 20% down payment towards the purchase of international insurance. By keeping some very enlightening stopping speed calculators on the laptop contained the sensitive personal and property insurance and also it is mandatory everywhere that the company or an insurance company so that you can be a headache in terms of price, one of the companies that offer quotes from alternative firms you might have decreased, yet you have suitable clothing or choose another more. So lets say that there would be selling a customer, and is NOT up to 10% off of the typical automobile insurance companies who will direct you to have.
Disability insurance does not imply that the dealership sales manager was correct in his or her license. I know some of the class to learn more about the effect of your vehicle. You will pay for salaries, taxes, and fewer choices; yet at the end, a check for a misdemeanor charge is something you may be the amount you end up saving themselves thousands of dollars. If you use all of the above tips can certainly help it run. As a space. Don't make claims very often a person who has the word "Insurance." Increases have been cleared up. The coverage that has had in 1,000 claims filed. The convenience of completing online forms is an extended period of your claims, so take some time out and everyday responsibilities! Some of these companies is trying to get before you decide on purchasing insurance it pays to shop around.
The current premiums you can (depending upon the best and most importantly anti-lock brakes.) They offer the best possible deal for the latter when they have limited histories driving so insurance companies, ask about discounts, they may cause if you could be overpaying because your premium rates will be. Some drivers are considered to be legally insured, we offers great resources. Which we can see you as the owner had GAP insurance on a life insurance, travel industry etc.
This is an analytical account of the political, economic and social history, from the unification of Italy in 1871 under Victor Emmanuel II to the present day. It emphasises the complex relationship between state institutions and the mass population.
This classic textbook covers the social, economic and political history of Italy from unification in 1870 to the present time. This new edition brings students right up to date, with increased coverage of the the 1980's and 90's and a new section on the turbulent reign of Silvio Berlusconi. Other changes include updating the coverage of Liberal Italy and Fascism in the light of recent scholarship and changes in historiographical approach, additional material on Italian popular culture and a new chronology.
Benito Mussolini was a brilliant Socialist journalist who in 1914 declared war, put himself at the head if the anti-Socialist movement in Italy, manoeuvred himself into power by 1933 and ruled the country until overthrown in 1943. He was a dynamic but insecure personality, who appeared dictatorial but always had to share power with the military and bureaucratic establishment. Mussolini founded an Empire in Africa and tried to 'make Italians' in his own heroic, war like image, but in fact failed to even control his own family! In June 1940, when France fell, he could not resist joining in the Second World War on the German side, although Italy was not equipped for serious fighting. His rule ended in Military disaster and personal humiliation. This new biography focuses both on Mussolini's personality and on the way he exercised power, and regards these two issues as closely linked. It sees him as a man with all the talents needed to attain power but few of those needed to exercise it well. This book primarily focuses on how Mussolini had absolutely the wrong personality for a successful political leader.
Comprehensively updated new edition of Christopher Duggan's acclaimed introduction to the history of Italy.
“The primary goal of this volume is to help prepare foreign visitors for what awaits them, and to offer a deeper insight into a culture and way of life that has held so many millions in its thrall.” Interpreting Italians is a socio-cultural travel guide designed for people whose interest in Italy goes beyond the readymade impression or the hackneyed cliché. It is a serious effort to understand what the ‘Italian temperament’ actually is, how it came to be, and the impact it has had both on Italians themselves and on the outsiders who attempt to live intimately and knowledgeably among them. To this end, it offers a thoughtful interpretation of those aspects of Italian culture and history – furbiziaand bella figura, the piazza and the casa, the role of the mother, the extravagance of the Baroque and the personal as well as architectural significance of the façade – that have at once reflected and compounded Italians’ attitudes to foreigners and to each other by examining their approaches to love and sex, religion and politics, food and the family, language and bureaucracy, regionalism and immigration, sport and the Mafia. The book consists of eighteen concise but well-documented essays and five appendices that, in addition to an extensive reading list, provide practical suggestions to visitors relating to the preparation of menus and the selection of walking tours and excursions to sites often overlooked by the casual tourist.Interpreting Italians will be a useful aid to anyone truly curious about discovering what makes Italians tick.
Although the unification of Italy in 1870 initially defined the nation's geographic boundaries, Italians faced the new challenge of determining their nation's social, political, and cultural identity as they entered the twentieth century. In Remaking Italy in the Twentieth Century, noted scholar Roy P. Domenico examines the struggle between Liberals, Fascists, Marxists, and Catholics to recast the nation according to their visions. As he focuses on Italy's political course, Domenico deftly highlights the economic, social, and cultural changes that accompanied the shifts in governmental power. In describing those who shaped modern Italy, Domenico reveals how an agricultural society divided by region, language, and culture was transformed into a modern state, still faced with regional tension, ethnic division, and the problems inherent in post-modern society. Straightforward and succinct, Remaking Italy in the Twentieth Century will be of great value to all interested in Italian history and culture."
Exploring more than 500 years of the country's history, Italy provides readers interested in modern Italy or European history with a greater understanding of Italy's past, from the Renaissance to the present. This guide presents the milestones in Italy's history in an interesting and readable way.
The Unification of Italy in the nineteenth century was the unlikely result of a lengthy and complex process of Italian ‘revival’ (‘Risorgimento’). Few Italians supported Unification and the new rulers of Italy were unable to resolve their disputes with the Catholic Church, the local power-holders in the South and the peasantry. In this fascinating account, Martin Clark examines these problems and considers: · The economic, social and religious contexts of Unification, as well as the diplomatic and military aspects · The roles of Cavour and Garibaldi and also the wider European influences, particularly those of Britain and France · The recent historiographical shift away from uncritical celebration of the achievement of Italian unity. Did 'Italian Unification' mean anything more than traditional Piedmontese expansionism? Was it simply an aspect of European 'secularisation'? Did it involve 'state-building', or just repression? In exploring these questions and more, Martin Clark offers the ideal introductory account for anyone wishing to understand how modern Italy was born. This new edition has been revised in the light of recent research and now has a greater emphasis on the ‘losers’ of the conflict, the impact of Unification on the South, and the complexity of the political realities of the times. It has also been updated with useful additional material such as a Who’s Who and a plate section to go alongside its carefully chosen selection of original documents.
This innovative textbook places Italy at the heart of modern European history, tracing the often difficult relationship between Italians, the State and the Nation. A breeding-ground for radical political and social organisations, Italy saw the emergence of the first Fascist movements seen on the world stage after the First World War. Later, the country produced an anti-fascist movement which helped to create the biggest Communist Party outside of the Eastern bloc. Across this whole period, the political system has been marked by deep legitimation crises, clientelism and corruption. Economically, Italy struggled to keep up with the major industrial powers, but later created a dynamic small business sector which is the envy of the world. Modern Italy - uses source material, including contemporary documents and legislation, to explain Italian history, inspire interest and stimulate further discussion - is organised around broad thematic chapters (The Nation, The State, Economy and Society, Politics) which introduce students to the main areas of debate - includes maps, tables, and boxed material to assist teaching and learning - adopts a multi-disciplinary approach making it ideal for teachers and students of European Politics, European Studies, and Italian Studies, as well as for those studying modern Italian history Clear, concise and well-organised, this essential book introduces readers to the key historical debates, events, and controversies. It helps students to understand the complex nature of Italian history over the last 140 years, without laying out a single and linear version of that history.
“The particular merit of Mack Smith's Mussolini is that it reveals his extraordinary blood-thirstiness...combined with an equally extraordinary incompetence...one of the most severe indictments of Mussolini ever penned.”—Sunday Times. An unflinching portrait of a supreme opportunist. Although Mussolini considered himself a man of destiny, he program consisted of little more than aggression overseas, suppression at home, and an aping of Hitler's racial laws. In the end, that “destiny” led to his nation's collapse and his own destruction.
New York Times Bestseller A Summer Reading Pick for President Barack Obama, Bill Gates, and Mark Zuckerberg From a renowned historian comes a groundbreaking narrative of humanity’s creation and evolution—a #1 international bestseller—that explores the ways in which biology and history have defined us and enhanced our understanding of what it means to be “human.” One hundred thousand years ago, at least six different species of humans inhabited Earth. Yet today there is only one—homo sapiens. What happened to the others? And what may happen to us? Most books about the history of humanity pursue either a historical or a biological approach, but Dr. Yuval Noah Harari breaks the mold with this highly original book that begins about 70,000 years ago with the appearance of modern cognition. From examining the role evolving humans have played in the global ecosystem to charting the rise of empires, Sapiens integrates history and science to reconsider accepted narratives, connect past developments with contemporary concerns, and examine specific events within the context of larger ideas. Dr. Harari also compels us to look ahead, because over the last few decades humans have begun to bend laws of natural selection that have governed life for the past four billion years. We are acquiring the ability to design not only the world around us, but also ourselves. Where is this leading us, and what do we want to become? Featuring 27 photographs, 6 maps, and 25 illustrations/diagrams, this provocative and insightful work is sure to spark debate and is essential reading for aficionados of Jared Diamond, James Gleick, Matt Ridley, Robert Wright, and Sharon Moalem.
This volume examines the history of a complex and varied body of ideas over a period of more than a thousand years.
How do the places where people live help structure and restructure their sociopolitical identities and interests? In this book, renowned political geographer John A. Agnew presents a theoretical model that addresses the relation of place to politics and applies it to a series of historicogeographical case studies set in modern Italy. For Agnew, place is not just a static backdrop against which events occur, but a dynamic component of social, economic, and political processes. He shows, for instance, how the lack of a common "landscape ideal" or physical image of Italy delayed the development of a sense of nationhood among Italians after unification. And Agnew uses the post-1992 victory of the Northern League over the Christian Democrats in many parts of northern Italy to explore how parties are replaced geographically during periods of intense political change. Providing a fresh new approach to studying the role of space and place in social change, Place and Politics in Modern Italy will interest geographers, political scientists, and social theorists.
From neorealism's resolve to Berlusconian revisionist melodramas, this book examines cinema's role in constructing memories of Fascist Italy. Italian cinema has both reflected and shaped popular perceptions of Fascism, reinforcing or challenging stereotypes, remembering selectively and silently forgetting the most shameful pages of Italy's history.
This collection of essays provides a comprehensive account of the culture of modern Italy. Contributions focus on a wide range of political, historical and cultural questions. The volume provides information and analysis on such topics as regionalism, the growth of a national language, social and political cultures, the role of intellectuals, the Church, the left, feminism, the separatist movements, organised crime, literature, art, design, fashion, the mass media, and music. While offering a thorough history of Italian cultural movements, political trends and literary texts over the last century and a half, the volume also examines the cultural and political situation in Italy today and suggests possible future directions in which the country might move. Each essay contains suggestions for further reading on the topics covered. The Cambridge Companion to Modern Italian Culture is an invaluable source of materials for courses on all aspects of modern Italy.
This source book examines the development of Italian Fascism, and surveys the themes and issues of the movement. It spans from the emergence of the united Italian state in the nineteenth century, to the post-war aftermath of fascism. It provides: * analysis of propaganda and Mussolini's journalism * new documentary material, previously unavailable in English * an extensive range of other source material, including images * thematic coverage of major topics such as the transformation of agrarian and urban society * analysis of the political, social, and economic status of Italy * the legacy of fascism in modern Italy. John Pollard also includes extensive notes on sources as well as a glossary and guide to further reading.
Quantitative Methods in Criminology (International Library of Criminology Criminal Justice and Penology - Second Series)
NEW (July 18, 2018): Today is the AIBIRDS 2018 Man vs Machine Challenge Please come and challenge the best four AI agents!
NEW (July 18, 2018): Eagle's Wing is the AIBIRDS 2018 Champion! Congratulations to Tian Jian Wang!!!
Here you will find all the information about upcoming and previous Angry Birds AI Competitions. The task of this competition is to develop a computer program that can successfully play Angry Birds. The long term goal is to build an intelligent Angry Birds playing agent that can play new levels better than the best human players. This is a very difficult problem as it requires agents to predict the outcome of physical actions without having complete knowledge of the world, and then to select a good action out of infinitely many possible actions. This is an essential capability of future AI systems that interact with the physical world. The Angry Birds AI competition provides a simplified and controlled environment for developing and testing these capabilities.
The next Angry Birds AI competition will be held at IJCAI 2018 in Stockholm, Sweden, July 16-18, 2018. For more details please refer to the Call for Participation and the detailed Competition Rules. Previous Angry Birds AI competitions were held in Sydney in December 2012 during the Australasian AI conference, in Beijing in August 2013 during the IJCAI conference, in Prague in August 2014 at the ECAI conference, in Buenos Aires in July 2015 at the IJCAI conference, in New York in July 2016 at the IJCAI 2016 conference and most recently at the IJCAI 2017 conference in Melbourne. Further details about these past competitions can be found here.
We provide a basic game playing software that includes a computer vision module, a trajectory planning module, and the game interface that works with the Chrome version of Angry Birds. The image you see above is a typical output of our computer vision module that detects and categorises the relevant objects and places a bounding box around them. Alternatively, you can download the source code of previous successful participants.
We also have a discussion forum where you can discuss issues and exchange ideas with us and with other participants. On the forum we will also post the latest news and answers to some common questions. You can also leave a comment or like us on our Facebook page where we post latest news and announcements. You can also follow us on Twitter.
There are typically two further events during a competition. One is the Symposium on AI in Angry Birds which gives the opportunity to present original scientific work related to the problems of developing intelligent Angry Birds playing agents. Please refer to the Call for Papers for more details on the Symposium. The other event is the popular Angry Birds: Man vs Machine Challenge where we test if the best AI agents can already beat humans at playing Angry Birds.
We also organise a Level Generation Competition during the CIG 2018 conference in Maastricht, The Netherlands, in August 2018.
Every year, the Angry Birds AI Competition is followed by a Man vs Machine Challenge, where humans can challenge the four best AI agents. The purpose of this challenge is to see if we have reached the goal of the AIBIRDS competition to outperform the best human players in playing new Angry Birds levels. A recent survey among AI researchers found that AIBIRDS was considered the AI Milestone where AI will beat humans next, so the pressure was on for AI to perform well.
The AI competition the day before had some surprising results. The Champions of the last three years were all eliminated in the Quarter Finals and we had a new AIBIRDS Champion with Eagle's Wing from Canada. One possible conclusion of this result seems to be that we have a big progress in the AI performance this year and should come closer to our goal of beating humans. Of course the result could also be due to our choice of levels for the competition. This year for the first time we selected some levels for the AI competition that required some form of reasoning in order to achieve a high score. For example. in some levels AI agents needed to make some non-obvious first shot in order to clear the level with the second shot. IHSEV and the new Champion Eagle's Wing solved almost all of these levels and established themselves as the two best agents this year.
We selected similar "reasoning levels" for the Man vs Machine Challenge on Friday August 25. Humans were playing 4 new levels for 10 minutes each starting at 10.30am. Interest from humans was large, but unfortunately we had issues with our laptops and could only prepare 3 laptops for humans to play the 4 levels rather than the usual 6 laptops. Like in previous years, human players played surprisingly well and most players were able to solve all 4 new levels within the 10 minutes available. It is obvious that the IJCAI participants are better and better prepared every year we have the challenge, the Angry Birds playing skills of the AI community are clearly improving.
Our hopes for AI beating humans this year were shattered soon after this years four best AI agents started playing at 4pm. Those were Eagle's Wing, IHSEV, Angry Hex and PlanA+, the four Semi Finalists. The agents were very slow at solving the 4 levels and didn't achieve very high scores. Levels similar to those the agents easily solved the day before now seemed too hard. It was almost as if the AI agents had stage fright and didn't dare to show their full skills. After the 10 minutes were up the results were shocking: only one human player was worse than the best AI agent! PlanA+. We couldn't believe it.
What is obvious from this result is that humans are brilliant at the type of reasoning that is required to solve the levels we designed this year. This is the type of reasoning that humans need every day for dealing with their physical environment. It is required for predicting consequences of ones own physical actions before executing them and for estimating what actions (out of infinitely many) are needed to achieve a given task. These capabilities are required for building Trusted Autonomous Systems that can safely interact with their physical environment. Developing these capabilities is one of the main motivation of our competition, which allows us to develop them in a simplified and controlled physical environment.
A much better performance than what we have seen today is needed for beating humans in playing Angry Birds. And a much better performance is needed for developing Trusted Autonomous Systems. We still seem far away from achieving this important AI Milestone. But we are hopeful when looking at the performance the agents demonstrated during the AI competition and expect to see many improvements for our next competition in 2018.
While it is disappointing that the AI agents didn't perform better, it is good to see that we are still better at playing Angry Birds than AI and that Angry Birds remains a very challenging problem for Artificial Intelligence. Now that Go has been solved, Angry Birds is the next big AI challenge!
This ends our 2017 competition. A big THANK YOU to all the participants. We hope to see you again in 2018 for an even more exciting Man vs Machine Challenge.
AI Researchers, Developers, Enthusiasts, Hobbyists, Students and anyone else who would like to contribute, you can download our basic game playing software and start adding your own Angry Birds strategies to it or put some AI techniques to the test. You can also download the source code of some of the best agents, including this years and past years winners. Let's see how good we can be in 2018!
Abstract -- Astrology ranges from the trivial to the profound. Today, for the first time in twenty centuries, we can answer most questions about astrology. Few people are aware of this revolution in our understanding, hence this website. The answers are often bad news for astrology. But there is more to astrology than being true or false.
Research in National Archives is free and without charge for scientific, administrative or personal reasons.
On arrival, users are required to fill in a request of access form and submit it to the director or to the attendant. On the form, the user must register, besides his/her personal details, the research topic and its purposes (the personal details contained within the form are exclusively used for statistical purposes) and must declare to be aware of the rules of the “Code of conduct and good behaviour for the treatment of personal details for historical purposes”, and to respect such rules.
Requests for documents are to be submitted Mondays to Thursdays, at 9.40am and 12.20am, and Fridays, at 9.40am, 11.30am, 1.30pm.
Requests handed in after the last distribution turn are dealt with the following morning, at 9.40am.
Scholars may request the reproduction of documents; for procedures and costs of the service, go to the reproduction page (http://acs.beniculturali.it/servizi-al-pubblico/218-2/)
PDF-7b020 | A bear to hug, a Bible to love, and a promise to treasure: God loves you! Tiny Bear’s Bible is a warm and fuzzy reminder of how God loves his children―in a format kids can cuddle. Together with their friend Tiny Bear, children discover eleven Bible stories in a book they can carry with them wherever they go. Bestselling author, Sally Lloyd-Jones presents some of the most familiar Bible stories… Tiny Bear’s Bible
Download eBook Tiny Bear’s Bible by Sally Lloyd-Jones across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This Tiny Bear’s Bible book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Tiny Bear’s Bible without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Tiny Bear’s Bible can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Tiny Bear’s Bible having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Iskreno, mislim da je tako u mnogim granama privrede u ovoj našoj zemlji - nažalost Trudim se da ne kukam po mnogo ali želim da iznesem i neka svoja zapažanja kako bih razmenio svoja iskustva iz svog domena poslovanja - softvera za turističke agencije.
The car is a project of Google, which has been working in secret but in plain view on vehicles that can drive themselves, using artificial-intelligence software that can sense anything near the car and mimic the decisions made by a human driver.
With someone behind the wheel to take control if something goes awry and a technician in the passenger seat to monitor the navigation system, seven test cars have driven 1,000 miles without human intervention and more than 140,000 miles with only occasional human control. One even drove itself down Lombard Street in San Francisco, one of the steepest and curviest streets in the nation. The only accident, engineers said, was when one Google car was rear-ended while stopped at a traffic light.
Yes, my dear South Loop neighbors, Mariano's is still on the way. It will open in the neighborhood just as it said it would a while back. Right there on Clark Street at 16th.
My neighbors got a bit ruffled a few days ago when they found out here in Crain's that the grocery store property--nearing completion--was being sold. I think the fear factor prevented people from reading the fine print in the article, which said that while the property is in fact up for sale at a nice profit for the developers, the Mariano's lease will--yes!--accompany the sale!
So have no fear; like other surrounding Loop neighborhoods, the Mariano's in our Loop 'hood will also come to pass. And will be hard to pass up. Both for us shoppers. And presumably for the new owners of the building.
Bonnie McGrath is an award-winning long time Chicago journalist, columnist, blogger and lawyer who lives in the South Loop. You can contact her at bonmcgrath@aol.com
How come the cops never give tickets for riding a bike on the sidewalk in MY neighborhood? Because they're too busy doing it in other neighborhoods »
Democrat senators: Cease and desist talking about these vile acts and vote on Kavanaugh now because you are making us sick to our stomachs »
Last week G.o.D Jewels grabbed input from fans about the production he should jump on for a freestyle. This week he delivers a new release titled "Don't Fucking Play", taking over a Travis Scott record.
This time last week, Herb presented fans with a super dope visual for track " Bottom of the Bottom ", holding a concept that ...
From "1636" to "The New Wave", and now "Still Iconic", these last two years have been busy for Logan Cage...
Rick Stevenson once again proves that the talent in Chicago has no age limit with his latest release " Way Too Much ". Teami...
Welcome to the best KC Chiefs site on the internet. You can view any post as a visitor, but you are required to register before you can post. Click the register link above, it only takes 30 seconds to start chatting with Chiefs fans from all over the world! Enjoy your stay!
This space is reserved for something that has nothing whatsoever to do with MatthewsChiefs. (Whoever THAT is!)
You still got people over at AA singing this same song. Bottom line is when Alex is well protected, he can get the job done.
Hey there guys I figure we can start this one thread here to lets see what kind of details we can work up on this can and to see if we can make a come back into the legend catagory. So lets think of something very special and unquie for this car and like John says no rushing it we have other cars we can sell first. Lets make this one count.
The only thing I kno for sure is that I want to sell just 50 of these, all individually numbered in the license plate and all at random times for no buyouts! Sure some people will hate that its not an unlimited release and that all auctions are no buyouts....But all publicity is good publicity right??/
Ok yeah I know it is early with this car but I just needed a good place to stick such a great poster LOL.
It looks very nice! The split between the real and the Forza car is a nice idea. Or is this only an illusion?
I like it and I'm ready to go. So we have already 2 releases for 2 weekends. A good start to old habits, right?
Well GT I think it is a split between real and FM. I am not sure though. Pretty good hehe. I think this project we are sitting on for awhile so we can come up with a killer idea to sell big time. We have tons of other cars we can release fast though.
I like the idea of 1 this way and 1 that way. But I do not really understand what you mean when you say open auctions together with 500k buyout? And the next thing: 1 put up randomly for 500k, the second put up privatly (in privat chat??) without buyout? Right now this does not make sense for me, but it could of course be that the barrier it self is one more time our beloved language
Second and more understandable thing is: 2 Auctions a day with 50 cars mean 3.5 weeks attention by the customers. I guess it will be hard to get that for such a long time. I'm affraid that Interest will slow down. But okay not only "complain" or better said critizise, but coming up with a alternative idea is not that easy because selling these for one week with 10 a day is too much, I know.
And finally last thing. Beginning with 5k buyout is a nice thing for the guys who don't have that much money, but it wil bore people. I recommend to start bidding on a bigger price. At least 500k. The cars would in no case be sold under 500k, so why bore the customer with whole day bidding to reach the 500k mark etc.
What about the following: As I really see 25 days are way to much "demand" for this fast moving marked. You know at the one day the forum is up for this, the next day for that. Shortcut this idea!
I like the idea cause 4 weeks is too long. So a short period is much better but lets wait to see what John thinks.
If the winning bid at 9.pm is 10million, then we get the persons's GT, Contact him, then sell it to him for 10 million.
What I think is hard to imagine is how the thread could be handled. ca. 25 days with different breaks to start with the new car of day 2 and 3 and so on. But okay, if you think you can do this I won't stop you
I did some that Bret bought from me. I don't know if he gifted them to you, but I bet. But since your garage is full... Go John, Garage Sale! I could do that, too! 340 cars of which I don't need 250 or whatever LOL.
I think I did 3 that I sold to Bret and another 4 or 5 ready. All from 50 downstairs. So 50, 49 and 48 might be anywhere around here. 47, 46, 45, 44 and so are in my garage. We have to make a schedule how to sell them.
I would say we spread the numbers of the cars so you get several # between 1 - 50, Bret, Ghandi Drew and me, too. Otherwise one of us . in this case me - has all the high # and the interest is less big than in the beginning Also you might have the 3 last # (or at least on the way to you), so you could start and finish the whole thing as it is your baby
As for the length of the sale... Lets call it an experiment. Lets see how people's attention spans work.
I have not received any STis yet but remember I changed the tune a bit so everyone needs to update the tune by sending me one and I will return it.
Well right now I am kind of lost right now with all this. Maybe once we get this figured out alittle better I can figure it out. I think that we should make it as simple as possible because we all know not everybody has the smarts that we have hehe. Plus alot of people dont read everything we write LOL.
How ever this will come down at the end, I am nearly finished building some. I have # 40 - 48 in my Garage soon. So we have to figure out who else built some. Because of the risk to have doubled numbers. Then we have to figure out who sells which numbers... Is there a function for this kind of math in Microsoft excel??? LOL
Well just so you know I have not built any that I can remember and I dont know how to use Excell that well LOL.
Great time John. So I have to try it too. My PB is 53.660. I have to run that track w/ the updated tune
Do I have the updated tune I wonder? I just cannot get that thing to go uber fast. Maybe I have an old tune?
Well I got the update and I just cannot get the times down. I dont know maybe it is something to do with my driving style the car doesnt like. But I will keep trying. P.S. John get MNK to take the photos LOL.
Legal Disclaimer: 7dog.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All visual depictions displayed on here, whether they are actual sexually explicit conduct or simulated sexual content are visual depictions of people who were at least 18 years of age when those visual depictions took placed. We do not own, produce or host any videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites and therefore we have no control over the content of these websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any websites which we link to. Please use your own discretion while surfing this website. Please Contact Us if you feel any materials are inappropriate.
What? A giveaway to win a Passion Planner? Who doesn’t want to have a cool unique planner and more for 2017? Writing my goals out in pretty colors in my planner is what I do for fun! lol. The ‘ole digital tasks and calendars are boring, don’t you think? Read all about this not your plain ‘ole planner here!
A colleague of mine Crissy Herron at this kick-butt work at home tips and tricks website… Indiebizchicks is having this awesome giveaway! Oh and check these awesome planners out for your after Christmas gifts to family and customers……Passion Planner
I have to admit I totally lack photo and image knowledge! Rebekah Radice has the best article ever on this subject. It’s absolutely the Best Social Image Size Cheatsheet Ever! I bet you will agree!
Like this post? Awesome! Please like and share with your friends! And I’d love to hear from you..please comment below..
I totally have email overwhelm! I let my email get out of hand again! Geez! How do I let this happen? Well through it all I think I found a better solution finally!
I discovered something new about my ever loyal note-keeper website/app called Evernote. Now I just have two decisions. Delete or followup?
If I need to follow up on an e-mail later, then I forward it to Evernote. I (we) are given a unique e-mail address when we sign up with Evernote. So…any time I send an e-mail to that address, it will show up as a note in Evernote in my default notebook. How cool is that?
So now I can add in my own comments, attach files if I need (like in followup with a project with a customer), and then use all of Evernote’s features like tags, and reminders to ensure that I schedule the time to follow up. Plus I can find the information I need quickly.
I named my default notebook in Evernote “Action Pending.” That’s where the e-mails I just forwarded show up. Now I just need to schedule these follow ups, and give them context. Some follow ups are just general to-do’s for me. Others are specific. I use tags to organize these.
My basic rule is that everything in my Action Pending notebook MUST have at least one tag. At this point I may have many notes in there, but only the one’s I’ve just forwarded, and any I may have added directly in Evernote, are untagged. Evernote makes it easy to sort by tag, so all of the untagged notes fall to the top of the list. Now I go through each untagged note in the Action Pending notebook, and I tag them, as well as set calendar reminders if necessary.
Now I can filter my notes in just for “follow up.” This gives me a list of all of the tasks I have for all clients. Or just to see what I can delegate, as well as see what I am spending my time on. And more time I can spend on doing Customer Love things.
See.. I got rid of email overload once again with Evernote to the rescue! What system to you use to help you stay out of email overwhelm?
ArchitectureIMG.com - 2015 © - Architecture Image Wallpaper Background Desktop! Every wallpaper is copyrighted by its respective owner. Did you find a violation? Don't forget to contact us, we'll remove it as soon as possible.
ArchitectureIMG.com - © 2016 - Architecture Image Wallpaper Background Desktop! All images found here are believed to be in the 'public domain'. We do not intend to infringe any legitimate intellectual right, artistic rights or copyright. Did you find a violation? Don't forget to contact us, we'll remove it as soon as possible.
Autonomous cars are years from mass production, but technologists who have long dreamed of them believe that they can transform society as profoundly as the Internet has.
Robot drivers react faster than humans, have 360-degree perception and do not get distracted, sleepy or intoxicated, the engineers argue. They speak in terms of lives saved and injuries avoided — more than 37,000 people died in car accidents in the United States in 2008. The engineers say the technology could double the capacity of roads by allowing cars to drive more safely while closer together. Because the robot cars would eventually be less likely to crash, they could be built lighter, reducing fuel consumption. But of course, to be truly safer, the cars must be far more reliable than, say, today’s personal computers, which crash on occasion and are frequently infected.
Sometimes the issuance date is confusing, particularly if your permit has been amended. The correct date is listed on the Search Texas Child Care site for your operation. (Branch offices must use the CPA issuance date)
Choose a Login User ID of at least 6 characters and a Password of at least 6 characters. Passwords may be used for multiple operations but the Login User ID is specific to each operation and will remain with the operation for the duration of the permit (even for different users).
After successfully registering you will be sent a confirmation e-mail at the contact e-mail address you provided. You must use the link from the e-mail in order to activate your account. (If you have lost that link, you are not registered! You must re-register)
If you already have a permit/operation number but do not yet have an online account with CCL, we encourage you to Create an Online Account. The online account gives you on-demand access to a variety of tasks, including submitting background checks, reviewing the status of submitted background checks, and making changes to governing body information.
In the "Registration Form" section of the page, select "Yes" for the first question ("Do you have a Permit Number?"). The page will then refresh to a set of fields that you will need to complete in order to register.
Enter your permit/operation number. Your permit/operation number, e-mail address, mailing address zip code will need to match what Licensing has in our records based on your application. If you receive an error that you are unable to resolve, please contact your local Child Care Licensing office. Once you have successfully submitted your account registration information, you will receive an e-mail containing a link that you must click on in order to activate your account.
If you do not receive the confirmation e-mail (subject line "Complete Registration" within 24-hours, please check your spam folders. If you still have not received the e-mail, attempt to register again and watch for any errors when you submit your registration. If you continue to have difficulty registering, please contact your local Child Care Licensing office.
Once you have received the confirmation e-mail and activated your online account, you can log in to your online account from the Provider Login/Background Checks page. From within your account, you should be able to submit background checks and complete other required activities.
Go to the Child-Care Provider Login & Background Checks page. Click on the link directly below the login fields "Forgot your User ID or Password" (It is located beneath the login button.)
If you have changed your password, and the auto correct feature from Microsoft Word is on, it will remember your old password. You will be prompted by a Microsoft message asking if you want to change it and say "yes".
The background checks are run through Dept of Public Safety and the Central Registry on a weekly basis. Depending on when the check is entered the cleared emails will be sent to you on the following Tuesday.
If there are questions about not receiving the results by email first look in the Junk/Spam mail of the email service to see if they are there. Many mail servers will filter email when there are mass mailings. You will need to signify that these are not Junk or Spam in order to receive notification by email.
Still have questions? Contact your licensing representative if you have questions or encounter any problems.
远期的理财收益率能到多少不好说,但这几年理财超过你的按揭利率不难.银行超过7%的一般是信托类,尽量别做.分级基金的A类一般都是超过6%的,这是固定的,安全.换一个角度,10年后,今天的110万10年后值多少?即使按官方cpi的数字,增幅2%,10年后通胀22%,…
Kenworth Truck Company is the manufacturer of The World’s Best® heavy and medium duty trucks. Kenworth is an industry leader in providing fuel-saving technology solutions that help increase fuel efficiency and reduce emissions. The company’s dedication to the green fleet includes aerodynamic trucks, compressed and liquefied natural gas trucks, and medium duty diesel-electric hybrids. Kenworth is the only truck manufacturer to receive the Environmental Protection Agency’s Clean Air Excellence award in recognition of its environmentally friendly products. In addition, the fuel-efficient Kenworth T700 equipped with the low-emission PACCAR MX engine was named the 2011 Heavy Duty Commercial Truck of the Year by the American Truck Dealers. Kenworth is also the recipient of J.D. Power and Associates awards for Highest in Customer Satisfaction for both 2011 Heavy Duty Truck Dealer Service and 2010 Medium Duty Truck Dealer Service. Kenworth’s Internet home page is at www.kenworth.com. Kenworth. A PACCAR Company.
This is the first blog post. You can insert photos into a post and embed content. Blogs are extremely useful, as they provide a platform for highlighting things taking place on your nation, as well as news or press that develops. They also keep your site content fresh, and increase the likelihood someone searching for topics related to your nation will find your website.
This copy is displayed after the flip - which means you have to click on the "read more" link to read it. This format allows people to scan multiple blog posts on your blog's main page rather than being overwhelmed by one long post.
Want to increase your sales? Promotions can help draw attention, build your brand, foster customer loyalty and of course increase your sales!
You might be nodding in agreement. Your business runs typical promotions around the holidays and offers 10% off retail products with the purchase of a service. But are you reaching your customers the way they want to be reach? Are you running inventive promos to get people interested? Here are a few ways to help you create buzz about your business, capture attention, and ultimately get more sales.
Use the power of the internet. Everyone is spending more time online from surfing the web to networking on social sites. Place special online only offers on your website and in your tweets, facebook, myspace and beyond. These are free ways to drive traffic to your online activities. They could go viral and everyone will start sharing your offers. Rope in special discounts, free gifts, complimentary service coupons, or promotion codes.
All your clients have email. Are you collecting addresses? Emails are an excellent tool to alert clients of special offers, send out your quarterly newsletter, or roll out a customer survey. You can also link into your website and other social sites. Make the digital connection and start engaging. Make sure it is meaningful, relevant info your clients want or you will be deleted.
Each one of your clients has a best friend they can’t live without and family members that they always share their latest salon experience with. Use that network to your advantage. Offer friends and family discount packages for clients that refer new customers. Give the original client free products or services as a thank you for sending new business your way. Word of mouth advertising is a glowing testimonial and your original client will be thrill to get some extra perks.
Fewer items are being mailed these days with the onset of the technology wave. Now is your chance to be noticed in the mail box. You don’t have to spend a lot to have a big impact. Go for inexpensive postcards. There are a ton of providers (including us) that can offer you stock designs and add your unique message. What a wonderful surprise for new customers to receive a thank you note from you. Or what about sending a birthday wish or a just because note to a brighten a current client's day. Postcards can also be powerful promotion tools. Make it look like a coupon and say bring in this card to your next appointment for a discount or free gift.
Loyalty programs keep customers coming back for more. Offer punch cards or key tags that are punched with each purchase. Give a free gift or extra special discount once the cards are filled. You can also offer VIP cards. Create a winners circle of bronze, gold, platinum clients. Base these categories divisions on number of visits or purchase volume. The benefits increase at each higher level. Make a big deal of your member clients. Use signage talking up the program, tout clients who have moved up the ranks, and share what benefits they recieved. People will want to be an elite member and will do what it takes to get there. Don't forget people open their wallets and purses daily. Talk about repeat brand exposure for your business with your card right there!
Stumped on ideas to promote? Click here to check out our Promotion Planning Calendar to get the creative juices flowing. Creating promotions can be a lot of fun not to mention increase your business!
Unlike the limited camouflage choices available through some shotgun manufacturers, Active Camo Products offers you a wide variety of choices in camo finishes and allows you to customize your shotgun to meet your particular tastes and your specific environment.
The deadline for entries into the Active Fusion Festival of Sport will be Friday 25th May- Every School will be allocated up on registration through the website. We ask that schools arrive prior to the Opening Ceremony which will start at 9:30Am prompt and the Event will conclude at 2:45pm.
Due to popularity we have had to limit the amount of teams per school to 1. 1 team consists of a maximum of 20 children- children can be from multiple year groups.
Cookies To give you the very best experience on this website, we would like to occasionally place small data files called cookies on your device. However, the settings on this website are set to 'deny all cookies' by default and we will not use cookies without you explicitly telling us we can by clicking "accept" below.
Newspapers are on the Web because they have to be, but they're still trying to figure out what to do there.
If you had canvassed the 10th annual Editor & Publisher's Interactive Newspapers Conference last February you would have been hard pressed to find people eager to define themselves as relics of a lost age. Most of the 1,100 journalists who gathered for three days at the Hyatt Regency in downtown Atlanta worked for newspaper companies that were the bastions of what has long been called "Old Media." But these weren't clueless Old Media fogies and Luddite computer-phobes who wouldn't know a monitor refresh rate from a URL. They had cool jobs, jobs not normally associated with the newspaper business. They were site designers, and online producers, and chat room hosts, and directors of New Media-this and Interactive-that. The sort of work, in short, that put them in the vanguard of a frightened industry's attempt to reinvent itself.
And yet there were times in Atlanta when it seemed that even these most digitally sophisticated journalists were fated to spend the rest of their careers tottering on the threshold of a new world, wondering if there was a place in it for them. It was going on five years since they had been swept up (or in some cases blindsided) by the online era. And still the question was, were they nimble enough to survive? Or would they be remembered as the woolly mammoths of the information age, too shaggy, too slow, too complacently wedded to business as usual to do anything but blunder inexorably toward the abyss?
It was this question that accounted for the worried air, the whistling-past-the-graveyard bravado, and even the occasional outbreaks of hand-wringing. You had to feel especially sorry for some of the older journalists in the crowd, the graybeards trying to get up to speed. They had begun their careers when the "web" was the ribbon of newsprint that rushed through the presses. Now the Web was--well, if you had to ask; if you didn't know; if you weren't really at home in that pell-mell, hydra-headed cyberscape of frames, sites, portals, links, search engines, chat rooms, banner ads, HTML, Perl, Cold Fusion, streaming video, e-commerce, day-trading, personalized stock portfolios and underage porn stars; if it had somehow escaped your attention that this virtual frontier, with its unimaginably vast and invisible traffic of ones and zeroes, was gathering new users at the rate of seven people per second and producing new competitors almost as rapidly--well, it was probably too late, you were hopelessly behind. The bromide about time on the Web was no joke: A few months were the practical equivalent of a year; a few years, a virtual eternity.
For three days the graybeards and their junior colleagues attended seminars and speeches and workshops. Dutifully they scribbled notes on pads supplied gratis by RegionOnline.com and tried not to flinch under the barrage of blunt advice and bitter observations:
"Young people, who grow up with interactivity, get as much value getting information from each other as they do from editors and writers."
"You have to stop thinking of yourselves as newspaper people and start thinking of yourselves as 'information utilities.' "
During breaks they milled among the booths in the exhibition hall, listening gamely as baby-faced sales reps rhapsodized "Internet platform solutions" and "local portal functionality." In the eyes of its most evangelical advocates, online technology had spawned not just a new medium but a new culture with its own lingo and metaphors. You surfed, you linked, you drilled down. It had also created new ways of publishing, selling and using information, and it was these last, practical developments that were causing panicked newspaper executives to fear for their franchises.
In a way they were under siege. On one side of the castle were their traditional competitors, the magazines and TV and radio stations, which had also begun to migrate to the Web. Old Media in all forms was feeling pressed to defend its brands in the new medium and stake out a share of the Web's enormous audiences and potential business. These organizations knew what was at stake because they'd all printed or aired stories about how the current total of 62 million North American users was expected to grow to 150 million by the year 2002, and how by the year 2006 some 90 percent of Americans would be surfing and linking and drilling down. A huge new audience lay at the far end of their servers. The New York Times alone had discovered that half the 3 million registered users of its Web site had never bought a copy of the paper. And a survey by the Pew Research Center found that the percentage of Americans getting news online at least once a week had tripled from 1996 to 1998 to over 36 million; in the lush demographic category of under-30 college graduates, 47 percent were reading news online. And then there was electronic commerce, growing at a rate exceeding 200 percent a year. And online advertising revenues, which, while they represented less than one half of 1 percent of the U.S. ad budget, had nonetheless grown in a few years from virtually nothing to more than a billion dollars by February 1999.
And on the other side of the castle there was a freaky Star Wars horde of alien new rivals, companies that had grown up in the medium and were doing a lot better in it, as if possessed of some innate advantage, the head start of being "Web-centric" where newspapers were merely "Web-enabled." (Or disabled, as the case may be.) The superstars among these new organizations owned the lion's share of the ad revenues and user traffic: There were portal sites such as Yahoo! and Lycos, which were known as "content aggregators" and were threatening newspapers because they provided access to Associated Press and Reuters and Bloomberg wire service news, and they ran classified ads too. There was the software giant Microsoft, which was molting into an information services company, having created the Microsoft Network, Sidewalk city guides and a high-profile Webzine, Slate. The company @Home had partnered with the portal Excite, and had contracts with cable television companies that promised blazingly fast, always-on connections to the Web. America Online had cleverly blended Web content into its proprietary, subscription-based online service and had emerged as one of the traffic kingpins of everything from e-commerce to New Media. Even the entertainment conglomerate Disney had forged an alliance with the portal Infoseek and cobbled together the Go Network, which featured ESPN's popular sports coverage. Hundreds of other sites threatened to usurp the social and commercial niches newspapers had traditionally occupied. They ranged from e-commerce giant Amazon.com and virtual auction house eBay to such community sites as theglobe.com and Tripod to specialty classified ad sites devoted to jobs, houses and cars.
The extent to which the newspaper industry was running scared and in the midst of some weird identity crisis was illustrated on Friday afternoon, when the organizers of the Interactive Newspapers Conference thought it would be a good idea to rally any flagging spirits with an inspirational speech. The morning before, business-information tycoon Michael Bloomberg had painted a bleak picture, telling the journalists, "If you mix the ink and chop the trees, you'll probably be put out of business," and furthermore that if they didn't find and publish information people wanted, they could just "forget about it," they were goners. He did concede that "serious people" would always value what journalists did, but it seemed more of a sop to get out of the room before everyone burst into tears.
So on Friday afternoon there was a full house as "anthropologist, journalist, mountaineer, adventurist" Jeff Salz bounded onto the stage like a golden retriever that had been waiting all day for a trip to the park. The lights went down, slides came up, and Dr. Salz launched on his theme, which was "the adventure of change." What he hoped to do, he said, was to pass along some "timeless certainties in uncertain times." Some were simple:
Were things so bad that 1,100 men and women who worked in the daily rush of novelty and ought to be priding themselves for their part in writing the "first rough draft of history" needed a pep talk on the adventure of change? Wasn't the adventure of change their reason for being? And yet they sat there without so much as a rolled eye or an ironic "Hallelujah!" No one told the adventurist to go sit on a piton even when he repeated that bit about them being "information utilities," not newspaper people. What restraint! What civility! Were anxieties so high that any Pied Piper was welcome who promised to turn the prospect of oblivion into the Adventure of Change? Perhaps people would soon be bolting from their seats to shout "When the going gets tough, information utilities get going!" The real question was what they would do after the fog of platitudes had lifted. Had they truly missed their chance? Had the future come and gone already and now they were all just marking time, romancing the abyss?
In some sense the story of newspapers in the online era is a business story first and a story of journalism and cultural evolution second. It has so far been dominated by business themes, the nuts and bolts of margins, revenue streams, investment strategies, barriers to entry, technology headaches, accounting questions, e-commerce and the still unclear issue of what's the best path to a profitable future. Is it to follow the tight, pay-as-you-go heading of the Thomson chain, whose shoestring online-newspaper operations netted a profit of $3 million last year? Or is it to take the loss-leading tack of the San Jose-based Knight Ridder chain, or Tribune Co. in Chicago, both of which are investing tens of millions of dollars in a sort of Field of Dreams strategy? Or is the wisest course the one followed by Gannett, the country's largest chain, which has severely reined in its online operations, and in some cases, such as at the Rockford Register Star in Illinois, canceled the online news part of a paper altogether?
Gannett's notable exception, its major New Media extravagance, is the online version of its flagship USA Today, a paper which may have finally demonstrated that even newspapers can undergo sex-change operations. USA Today is the Renee Richards of media properties. After years living a false life in a heavily subsidized, pulp-based body, and being criticized as the McDonald's of newspapers for conducting cutesy-wutesy but proto-interactive Q&A opinion polls, and running squibby Web-like stories before the Web even existed, the spirit of the paper has finally been liberated and found its true home in the twinkling palette of USA Today.com. It's one of the most popular news sites on the Web, and the company says it has been making a profit since September. The hand-held version that comes off the presses seems more and more what it always was--a Web-site printout.
That's one paper, one company. Every media company has a different approach. In its latest annual report, Times Mirror, which publishes the Los Angeles Times among other estimable titles, timidly says that the company wants to wait and "figure out where the new medium is going." But then the company also boldly dumped $25 million into Web sites last year. Depending on who's talking, that's either too much or not nearly enough; either clueless extravagance or foolish penny-pinching. All these business decisions and opinions reflect a social context. It's important to remember that Old and New Media rivalries are shaped by cultural conflicts and aesthetic differences and generational tensions. Not long after my trip to Atlanta I received a promotional copy of Min's New Media Report, which contained this item in a column called the Roving Eye:
"The puckish Eyeball thinks that E&P should rename its Interactive Newspapers Conference the Deathmarch of the Grey Bears. After repeated warnings from speakers that the Web will feast on their reticence to reimagine print news operations and embrace the new medium, crowds of fortysomething, white (but graying) male defenders of 'journalistic integrity' desperately latched onto Michael Bloomberg's fleeting reassurance that 'serious people' always will read newspapers. Sure, Mike...both of them."
What a buncha cards, those New Media kids! Or maybe they're just exasperated because the gray bears won't get out of the way. Pundits have been predicting the death of newspapers for more than 100 years. In 1880, the assassin was supposed to be photography. In the 1920s, newspapers were going to be destroyed by radio; in the 1950s, TV was going to destroy newspapers and radio. In the 1990s the Web was going to destroy...well, you get the idea, and it is a misleading one because the main theme of media history is not extirpation of one form by another, but mutal accommodation among forms. Old Media has shown a remarkable resilience. As Roger Fidler, one of the pioneers of electronic distribution, observes in his book "Mediamorphosis," even parchment scrolls, the preferred medium for 5,000 years, are still used in some tradition-conscious religions.
So it's a safe bet the $54 billion newspaper business is not about to sink into oblivion tomorrow. By some measures the industry is the healthiest it's been in more than a generation. Ad revenue was up 6.3 percent in 1998. Circulation numbers have stabilized after two decades of steady decline: Yes, the numbers were down last year in seven of the top 10 markets, but they were up in 19 of the top 30, and the bottom line, according to the Newspaper Association of America, is that "newspapers are still among the most profitable media companies."
In 1994 there were 20 newspapers online; today there are 4,925 worldwide, 2,799 of them in the United States. There's no ready figure for the investment such growth represents, but it's clearly in the hundreds of millions of dollars. "The U.S. Internet daily newspaper market has grown rapidly from a scant $21 million in 1996 to $203.7 million by the end of 1998," according to a Dataquest report by analyst Peggy O'Neill. With costs so high (newspaper sites were estimated to have lost more than $80 million last year), returns still meager and success so uncertain--more than 100 online newspapers have already died in their cribs--some critics are starting to argue that newspapers have not been too reluctant to embrace the Web, but too eager. The reasoning goes that it's not their Old Media pasts newspaper people can't escape, but their penchant for pipe-dreaming about a New Media future.
The spirit of spendthrift techno-romanticism goes back at least to the 1970s, when many papers were seduced into ill-advised ventures in audio- and videotex services. There were deals with cable TV companies, and by the mid-1980s many newspapers were hoping to cash in delivering their product by fax. That none of these gambits really caught the public's imagination didn't stop newspapers from piling into cyberspace. So why are they suddenly so eager to give away the content they used to charge for?
"Maybe now that there's so many more newspapers involved, fad isn't fair," he conceded, "but what would you call it if you have all these intelligent people and they don't know why they're doing something other than because everybody else is doing it, and every day they're saying to themselves, 'If I don't do it, I'll get left behind!' And the venture is still just as shaky in terms of rewards because virtually no one is making money."
I had telephoned Meyer because for nearly 20 years he has been tracking the online fortunes of newspapers and has been making a census of the population, posting updates on AJR NewsLink, the Web site he operates with American Journalism Review. Lately he has emerged as one of the leading voices of the counterrevolution, wondering about the risks of the online gamble and questioning the claims of newspaper companies that say their Web sites are in the black. Last year there were notable declarations of online profitability from the New York Times and USA Today; recent surveys have reported that 24 percent of all newspaper Web sites are earning more money than they spend. But in Meyer's view most of these operations aren't taking into account the hidden subsidies, and the longer he looks at the great experiment the more he wonders how rational it is.
"Some newspapers like the Minneapolis Star-Tribune are making money doing design work. Morris Communications makes money hosting sites for churches and banks in Topeka, Kansas. Some papers have become Internet service providers. But I have yet to see any news sites that claim a profit being billed for the actual cost of putting out the newspaper. They're not paying for desks or supplies. They're not paying 20 percent of the city hall reporter's salary. And they're certainly not going to turn a profit on banner ads. Banner ad rates have collapsed. They started out at between $35 and $50 per thousand impressions, and now they're around $5, and some of the major national sites are getting around $2 per thousand hits. Subscription sales are the biggest bust of all. Nearly every newspaper that has tried to charge for content--the San Jose Mercury News, the Colorado Springs Gazette, the Hays Daily News in Hays, Kansas--has stopped. The only ones I know are the Wall Street Journal and the Champagne News Gazette in Illinois, which charges $4.50 a month just to read the sports pages. They have some columnist and everybody who went to school at Illinois and followed sports likes to keep up with him."
For these reasons Meyer said he was beginning to think maybe Gannett's conservative approach made a lot of sense. As a whole, the industry was growing out of its "Gee Whiz" period and into what Meyer called the "How Are We Going to Pay for This?"
"I would never argue that newspapers should do nothing," he said, "but the future is very murky and I would argue that they should make only a small bet, just to cover themselves. I said last year that it was going to be last year and it wasn't, but I still think there's going to be a major player that is going to cut way back--someone like Knight Ridder or the Chicago Tribune, which has lost close to $100 million."
Happy as they might be about it, the bounty of free news online has confused even some readers. The columnist Kurt Andersen, noting that he used to cough up $15 to $20 a week for the Washington Post and the three big New York papers--the Times, Post and Daily News--wondered why their publishers were suddenly willing to comp him on the Web. "They justify the practice vaguely as brand protection and R&D," he wrote in The New Yorker, "but the reasons look more like confused mixtures of vanity and panic."
The power of vanity should never be underestimated, but over the last couple of years it is panic that has been the driving force. Simply put, newspapers are spending money to keep from losing their classified ad base. Classifieds are the newspaper industry's lifeline, a $15 billion to $18 billion business. They can account for anywhere from 25 to 50 percent of a given paper's ad revenue. A publisher's vanity might be piqued at the idea of Microsoft or Yahoo! or America Online edging into the news business, but the prospect of companies cutting into his base of classified ads arouses nothing but mortal terror. And to make matters worse, the Web in many ways is a much better medium for classifieds than newspapers.
The interactive functions of the Web enable users to move expeditiously through massive databases in ways not possible in a pulp-based medium. Why plow through all the ads for Buicks and Oldsmobiles if what you want is just a red Honda no more than five years old with less than 60,000 miles? Plug in the variables, hit "search" and presto! Classified ad sites such as Autobytel.com and Monster.com were springing up on the Web; they offered faster and handier ways of posting and looking for anything you wanted--jobs, cars, apartments, houses, land in Florida, saxophones and every thingamajig in grandmother's trunk. Even more excruciating for newspapers, the ads were often free. The current projections are that in the next five years classified sites will capture as much as one-third of newspaper classified ad revenues, a loss of upwards of $6 billion.
"The classified ad stream is a goner in the coming years," said New York Times Electronic Media Co. President Martin Nisenholtz, speaking late last year in an online dialogue sponsored by the Webzine Feed. "That means taking the Internet seriously rather than treating it as a distribution channel." Or as Washington Post Publisher Don Graham once famously said, explaining the decision to put his paper online: "There are three reasons--classifieds, classifieds, classifieds."
The newspaper classified ad crisis is a classic variation on the leitmotif known as "disintermediation." Disintermediation is the Department of Media Studies word for the Web's potential to eliminate middlemen and directly connect producers or vendors with consumers. The prospect of being disintermediated looms over dozens of businesses. Why cut in Sotheby's if you can auction stuff on eBay or UBid? Why fork out fat commissions to a broker at Merrill Lynch when you can trade the same lot of stock at eTrade for 15 bucks? Or shop retail when the same book is 40 percent less on Amazon.com? Why bother with mortgage brokers and car dealers and drugstores and travel agents? And why--cue extinction scenario--pick up a paper for its classifieds?
The industry has made some large if belated moves to meet the classified crisis. In December 1997, a consortium of newspaper companies including Tribune Co., Times Mirror and the Washington Post Co., launched Classified Ventures, a family of Web sites that now includes searchable listings for apartments, jobs and cars. Cars.com was backed by Gannett, Knight Ridder and the New York Times, but it was one of the last sites to arrive in an already crowded field.
The biggest push has been to stanch the hemorrhage in the employment portion of the classified market, which the NAA estimated in 1997 accounted for $12 billion, or 70 percent or more of the entire classified market. CareerPath.com, a network of newspaper job listing pages begun in 1995 by the Washington Post, San Jose Mercury News, L.A. Times, New York Times, Chicago Tribune and Boston Globe (with additional investments from Gannett, Hearst and Cox) now has 83 newspaper affiliates and boasts that it is "the largest and most current database" of jobs on the Web, with more than 322,000 listings and, as of January, 8.35 million job searches per month. But the company is up against formidable competitors. Monster.com, owned by direct-marketing and yellow-page advertising company TMP Worldwide, saw a huge spike in its traffic after a hilarious Super Bowl advertising campaign that featured kids staring into the camera with deadpan expressions and confessing the ultra-modest prospects they faced without the help of a job search site like Monster.com: "When I grow up I want to be a yes-man." "I want to be forced into early retirement." "I want to claw my way up to middle management."
Where panic has been checked, there is nevertheless a lot of anxiety among newspapers that they aren't gaining the audience they need, or competing well enough, or that their position is fundamentally untenable. "I think we're in a totally critical stage," said Larry Pryor, the former editor of the L.A. Times Web site who now runs the Online Journalism Review at the University of Southern California. "What's driving online journalism at the moment is e-commerce; that's more important than content. If publishers get too far into e-commerce retailing, they're going to tick off their retail advertisers. But if they continue to lag behind, defending their classifieds and deferring to retail advertisers and not getting into e-commerce, they're going to lose their financial base."
Among the stark statistics discussed in Atlanta, none was more sobering than the site usage measurements developed by Media Metrix, the Nielsens of the Web. Media Metrix figures showed that in major metropolitan areas, newspapers were getting trounced in their backyards. No newspaper Web site cracked the top 10 in its local market except the Washington Post, which was eighth.
But dwelling only on the business questions you'll miss the bigger picture. If newspapers lack some crucial understanding of the Web, of how it works not just technically but psychically, it may be because they don't really want to understand the Web. "Most traditional news organizations are hostile to new media," Pryor wrote in a recent issue of the Online Journalism Review. "Editorial pages and even news reports use every opportunity to attack the Internet as being synonymous with confusion, clutter, gossip and sensationalism. A shaky study on a link between depression and Web usage gets page one treatment. Pornography, hackers and all forms of cyber-crime receive prominent but often superficial and inaccurate coverage. Matt Drudge gets elevated to Net Whipping Boy." As Roger Fidler, a longtime critic of news media myopia, put it: "People don't seem to grasp that we are in the midst of a tremendous transformation in communications. It's as historically significant as the development of the printing press in the 1400s."
If newspaper executives haven't fully grasped the extent of changes in communication or the opportunity the Web represents, then the story of online newspapering is as much about culture as business. Executives often seem handicapped by an almost mythic fear that their Old Media franchises will be devoured by their dot-com offspring. They forget how much more pleasant it is to be eaten by your own child than by someone else's. Web-centric companies (or Net-native, as they are also called) are at home in the language of interactivity that Web-enabled companies are still stumbling to learn; many have corporate metabolisms that enable them to move more quickly and imaginatively than Old Media organizations.
Take that January 1998 New Yorker column in which Kurt Andersen was bold enough to mock the "nutty" valuation of Yahoo!, then capitalized at $2.7 billion. Mocking Yahoo! and its ilk has become such a regular Old Media sport that the founders of the Motley Fool financial Web site use the volume of negative comment as a contrarian buy indicator for additions to their Rule Breakers portfolio. In May, 15 months after Andersen's column, Yahoo! was worth $33.9 billion. Hey, maybe Yahoo's valuation really is nutty now. But grossly overvalued or not, the stock gave Yahoo! leverage to gobble up Geocities and Broadcast.com, thus creating new reasons for people--onetime stalwarts of the pulp-based world, perhaps--to check out the site.
Disintermediation respects no franchise and is as liable to overrun a social niche as an economic one. Which means that people who work for newspapers, bastions of mediation, confront the prospect that the Web may usurp their role as agenda-setters and news filters. The Web puts a cornucopia of primary sources within everyone's reach, and makes the stuff of which news is made available to anyone, raw and unprocessed, minus the contributions of reporters and editors, minus their judicious evaluation and careful fact-checking, but also minus their "family newspaper" euphemisms, their pack-mentality blind spots and their sometimes patronizing determinations about what is in the "public interest."
"The time when newspapers were the gatekeepers of information is over," said Newsweek columnist and media critic Jonathan Alter. "What newspapers are now becoming is the authenticators of information, the quality control instruments on a huge river of rumor--and for that you have to have reporters. Newspapers will continue to be the primary instruments of newsgathering, but when you have so many sources of information, any one pundit has less influence. Even if there were a Walter Lippmann today, he'd just be another guy with a link to the Drudge Report."
I started my education at Saginaw Valley State University where I received my bachelors in Exercise Science. I then went to Palmer College of Chiropractic Florida where I was named to the dean’s list and also received the Clinical Excellence Award which is the highest honor one can receive in the clinic by virtue of outstanding commitment to patients, exceptional leadership abilities, extensive knowledge and skills and dedication to professional excellence. In my early career, I have taken care of Professional Drivers in Nascars’ top series, Professional Bull Riders, Professional Rodeo Clowns in the Professional Championship Bull Riders Series as well as the Battle Creek Knight members of International Basketball League.
I bring new techniques and new treatment procedures such as Rock Tape, which is used for proprioception rehab and functional bracing. I also utilizes soft tissue techniques for example trigger point therapy and Gua Sha.
The Google research program using artificial intelligence to revolutionize the automobile is proof that the company’s ambitions reach beyond the search engine business. The program is also a departure from the mainstream of innovation in Silicon Valley, which has veered toward social networks and Hollywood-style digital media.
During a half-hour drive beginning on Google’s campus 35 miles south of San Francisco last Wednesday, a Prius equipped with a variety of sensors and following a route programmed into the GPS navigation system nimbly accelerated in the entrance lane and merged into fast-moving traffic on Highway 101, the freeway through Silicon Valley.
If Pride and Prejudice is one of your favorite books but, like me, you often find yourself thinking 'If only there were more Zombies' then fret no more!
Intended for ambulatory and outpatient facilities, this guide will address a key concern for many healthcare executives: Should physicians be assigning their own codes?
A breakdown of the current state of the medical coder shortage, and visual roadmap to help ambulatory facilities overcome avoidable backlog, denials and compliance risks.
Although many providers already have the technology to automate appointment reminders, less than half are using these tools to prompt patients to pay bills.
Denials in healthcare continues to be a challenge. Denials eat up revenue, and according to some projections, denial rates trend as high as 20%. In this ebook, ZirMed covers strategies for slashing your denial rate.
Check out ZirMed’s infographic for data on preventable denials, the average time it takes to work denials (as well as the most time-consuming aspects of denial management), and more detail on the reality of denials and why there continues
In this survey designed specifically for healthcare CIOs and administered by CHIME, more than 100 IT leaders revealed the business goals behind their mobile workflow investments.
Secure texting is important, but communication needs in healthcare have evolved well beyond just texting. Staff need information from dozens of systems to deliver excellent, timely patient care.
The landscape of mobility strategies and mobile device usage in hospitals is maturing, but there is still a long way to go. Mobility is the future of healthcare communications, though the particulars of that future remain in flux.
[EXCLUSIVE] Healthcare Executive Guide: Should physicians assign their own codes? The practical guide to striking a coding balance
Our content is brought to you free of charge because of the support of our advertisers. To continue enjoying our content, please turn off your ad blocker.
If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may casue the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.
In realtà, queste regole non vengono più rispettate rigorosamente come una volta, ma più di frequente le spese sono divise in parti uguali o in base alle capacità economiche di ognuno.
3rd Place: Drawing a Line; Fiction & Poetry Contest Winners; and People Who Died by Joe MacLeod , Baltimore City Paper
1st Place: Down on the Farm, The Gay Divorcees and 2010: The Year in Movies by Tom Carlson , Riverfront Times
1st Place: The Animal Issue, The Money Issue and New Years' Cootie Catcher by Diane Sullivan , Seven Days
2nd Place: The State of Street Art in St. Louis, Munchausen She Wrote and Cardinals by Tom Carlson , Riverfront Times
3rd Place: Pork Pirates, He Buried Che and In the Name of the King by Pam Shavalier , Miami New Times
Honorable Mention: The Agent from Iran, To Juice and Serve and Hackintosh by Miche Ratto , New Times Broward-Palm Beach
1st Place: Sex Issue, Queer Issue and Enchanted Forest by Justin "Scrappers" Morrison , The Portland Mercury
2nd Place: Seven Scariest County & State Elected Officials, Sedaris & Me and The Year That Got Old In a Hurry by Chris Skiles , Maui Time
3rd Place: Geronimo, If I was Trying to Kill You? and Starstruck by Angela Moore , Santa Fe Reporter
1st Place: Share the F*&%ing Road, I'm HIV Positive, and Drop-Dead Sexy by Pam Shavalier , Miami New Times
2nd Place: The Queer and the Qur'an, Nope, and Yeah! by Willamete Week Design & Production Staff , Willamette Week
2nd Place: I Want to Ride My Flycycle, Spring Dining Guide, and Abs of Wood by Boston's Weekly Dig staff , Dig Boston
MONA HESSING FREE-HANGING WOVEN OBJECT (1971) Hand knolted wIld sIlk 70m ~ 70m (wIIMOulll1nge) Owned by MI and Mrs John Andrews 242 ART and AuSlraira Oecember 1971
Summary: (Young Guns II) Dave is trapped in a one-sided, unhealthy relationship with Billy, but discovers an unlikely companion in the half-breed Indian he once hated. Dave/Billy, Chavez/Dave.
Summary: Winters find himself fighting two wars as he struggles to lead Easy Company and save his and Nixon's friendship from being torn apart by alcoholism.
Summary: How Winters and Nixon learned each other's names. Prompts: beginnings, choke, water, skin, unity.
Summary: The Prince of Hell is left for dead on a desolate desert highway. Johnny Blaze is the man who finds him, and takes it upon himself to cure his evil ways. Can it be done, or is the Devil's son beyond all redemption?
Summary: Try to imagine the worst day you ever had, multiply it times ten, and it equals this fic about poor Quatre's no good, terrible, horrible, awful day. 3x4
Summary: Hydra is set to conquer the world's oceans. Only Captain Steve Rogers and the crew of the Americus stand in their way.
Summary: Alex knew that somehow, somewhere, he’d been poisoned, and now it was slowly killing him. Prompts: blood, poison, safe, stain, time, reveal, match, razor, sleep.
Summary: (Metalocalypse) After Toki suffers a debilitating accident feeding the rats one Saturday, Nathan's life will never be the same again. N/T.
Summary: (X-Men: Origins) Victor Creed, working as part of Colonel Stryker's mutant roundup program, captures and brutalizes a teenage mutant in New Orleans one night, unwittingly altering both of their lives forever.
Summary: It was interesting, the things that went though one’s mind when death seems imminent. There were no flashes of faces for Heero, no instant replays of battles in space or wordless nights in a bed in L2. There was simply Odin, saying, “Afraid so. It won’t be long now.”
Summary: (Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves) After Robin puts an arrow through Will's hand, the young outlaw must come to terms with even deeper wounds that have been inflicted upon him by the Locksley family.
Summary: Brock Rumlow had everything neatly planned out: his escape from HYDRA, a new identity, a faraway home, a clean slate and a fresh start. Then the Winter Soldier stepped in front of his getaway car and changed everything.
Summary: Alex has finally managed to destroy SCORPIA and earn his freedom from MI6, but it leaves him with feelings he can't reconcile...
Summary: Trowa accidentally breaks Duo's arm for making fun of his shorts. The rest of the story's just as crazy and pointless.
A normal, everyday situation suddenly goes completely wrong, making Duo wish he would have said something while he still had the chance. Songfic, 2x1.
CSUMB Records & Registration, part of Admissions & Records, oversees class enrollment, student record keeping, grading procedures, academic status, and graduation. These pages provide an overview of procedures and policies. More detailed information can be found on the CSUMB.EDU/admissions website.
As part of its One Stop Shop operations, the Campus Service Center and its CSUMB.EDU/onestop website serve as your first point of contact with Records & Registration. If you have questions or require help, please start with the One Stop where the helpful staff will connect you with appropriate information and
1Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, United States; 2Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, United States; 3Imaging Research Center, Cincinnati Childrens Hospital Medical Center, Cincinnati, OH, United States
Phase Contrast MRI (PC-MRI) can be used to measure velocities in fluid flow using the phase mapping of the moving spins. Phase velocity mapping technique assumes that the velocity is constant over the echo time. This assumption is not valid for accelerating spins. In this study, we sought to evaluate the accuracy of PC-MRI velocity field in a severe stenotic phantom model, where the convective component of the acceleration is large. Considering the Particle Image Velocimetry (PIV) technique as the gold standard, we observed errors up to 26%, 16%, and 42% for pre-stenosis, at the stenosis, and post-stenosis regions, respectively.
according accuracy added additional agreement among arterial attributed axial believe black blood brown camera captured children common computer consequently conservation constant contrast cover cross decreases density dependent depicted development diameter diameters diseases distal distributions downstream dynamics electrical employed encoding engineering enough entire equations error errors evaluated extracted field final flow fluent fluid fluorescent furthermore glycerol good gradient green hardware homogeneity hospital human idealized iliac illuminate important incompressible initiation iodide issues just larger laser leading length linearity long medical merged merging mimic modalities model momentum noise nominal normalized note occlusive particle passed percent peripheral phantom phenomenon pixel prepared previously produce proximal rather read recovers representative resolution respectively revealed rigid role scanner scheme several severely shape sharp sheet since slice snapshot sodium software solution solving sources spatial specifies stationary steady stems studied throat thrombosis together transit upstream validation varied various velocities velocity vessels view viscosity vitro volume water widely yellow yielding zone zones
The metadata below describe the original scanning. Follow the "All Files: HTTP" link in the "View the book" box to the left to find XML files that contain more metadata about the original images and the derived formats (OCR results, PDF etc.). See also the What is the directory structure for the texts? FAQ for information about file content and naming conventions.
In his truncated talk Henry’s vast knowledge of historical writing and chronology becomes clear. He presents evidence that dating systems are insecure. Humans did not always record dates in linear form. Only after 300BC did the Seleucid Calendar employ a numerical approach to chronology. Henry suggests a re-think or ‘tabula rasa’ (blank slate) which also involves a severe foreshortening. The Almagest is a 2nd-century mathematical and astronomical treatise on the apparent motions of the...
Paul Giem on Does the Earth Turn? 7-2-2016 This week we look at a question where it is not so easy to dismiss the charge that the ancient Hebrews' conception of the world differs from ours. The implications for Biblical authority (including potential falsifiability) are discussed. 1. Joshua 10 - https://www.blueletterbible.org/kjv/jos/10/1/s_197001 2. Giem P. A. L. 1977. Scientific Theology (chapter 3). Riverside, CA: La Sierra University Press. Available at...
In his truncated talk, Henry Zemel’s vast knowledge of historical writing and chronology becomes clear. The “Tabula Rasa” (blank slate) approach to ancient history assumes that the early keepers of records did not conceive of time as linear. They did not keep sequential lists of year-names, eponyms, or kings. On the contrary, they focused on profiling the days of the contemporary solar year, gauging what might be expected of each day. A great victory won on a certain calendar date of the...
Paul Giem on The Myth of the Solid Heavenly Dome (Part 2) 6-25-2016 We finish our series on Creation in the Old Testament with a final look at chapter 2 by Randall Younker and Richard Davidson entitled "The Myth of the Solid Heavenly Dome: Another Look at the Hebrew רָקִיעַ (rāqîaʿ)" which looks at the meaning of the word usually translated "firmament" from a Biblical perspective. 1. Genesis 1 and 2 - https://www.blueletterbible.org/kjv/gen/1/1/s_1001 2. Klingbeil,...
Cyril Joad's 1939 "Why War" propaganda book. Joad led the infamous 1933 Oxford Union argument for the motion "This country will not fight for King and Country", which sent dictators everywhere the message that Britain was turning pacifist and weak. Joad simply "ridiculed" all of Winston Churchill's sincere warnings about Hitler's racist Nazis as being exaggerations, and claimed that we could peacefully defeat the Nazis for surrendering and then using non-violent...
by Ptolemy, active 2nd century. n 50032768; Proclus, approximately 410-485. n 79007198; Ranger, Phill. (Philip). Zodiacal planisphere. n 87804987; Ashmand, J. M. n 87153129; Ptolemy, active 2nd century. Almagest. n 83229412; Ptolemy, active 2nd century. Centiloquy. n 50032768
There is no room for second place. There is only one place in my game, and that’s first place. . . . [A] second place bowl game . . . is a game for losers played by losers. It is and always has been an American zeal to be first in anything we do, and to win, and to win, and to win.”1 Grace Daley, of Tulane’s Green Wave, and the WNBA, knew how to win, and win, and win. Then, at the top of her game, she walked away from professional basketball to experience a closer walk with Jesus.
In her high school years she was a first team all-state, as well as a Nike and Parade All-American. Basketball honors were not the only ones. She won the state 800-meter championship in her freshman year, and held the state high school record for the distance. Always in the top 10 of her academic class, she went to Tulane University on a full basketball scholarship.
At Tulane her career really took off. Over her four years she poured in 2,249 points, making her still, more than a decade after her departure, the school’s all-time leading scorer—male or female. She was inducted into its Hall of Fame in 2006. She led Tulane’s Green Wave to two Conference-USA [C-USA] regular season championships, three C-USA tournament championships, and four straight NCAA tournament berths. In 1999 C-USA named her tournament MVP, and she won nearly every award the conference handed out.
The Minnesota Lynx drafted her to the WNBA in the first round, and her professional career spanned four WNBA teams and four European countries—Spain, Italy, France, and the Czech Republic. She played in Europe because it allowed her to play year-round, while America’s WNBA season lasts only through the summer. The fierce competition in the European leagues allowed no more than two Americans on any European team. If you’re one of the two good enough to make it, your wallet shows. Daley was good enough. In the European leagues she dominated again. She led the Italy Pro League in scoring in 2002-2003. They named her MVP of the French Pro League in 2005-2006. They selected her to the European All-Star team, and picked her to play in the International Basketball Federation competition.
Then, suddenly, at the peak of a career studded with gilded accomplishments, something happened in Daley’s head one day, and she did the unthinkable. She quit. Why quit when the coaches are raving about you, the crowds are roaring for you, and the dough is rolling in for you? How could you walk away just when you’re making all the plays, winning all the awards, posing for all the photographs, and raking in the bucks? That is no time to quit, unless you’ve had an encounter with Christ; except if all you ever wanted to do was shoot for the stars, and now, suddenly and unmistakably, you get it. You see, with the blinding clarity of Paul bound for Damascus, how you get to those stars you had only been dreaming about.
Daley had always lived in a Christian environment. Her parents were faithful Christians whose hearts thrilled when their little 8-year-old gave her heart to Jesus and was baptized into His body. Eight years later, when she was 16, her family left the Baptist Communion and joined the Seventh-day Adventist Church. Daley said, “I thought it was as simple as changing the day we went to church and everything else could remain the same.” The change did not affect her sports career.
In the summer of 2007 she needed to see a doctor. Her parents recommended Dr. Don Bovell, a physician who attended their church. Daley could not know it, but she was about to meet her game changer. Don would play his part. But it was Ann, his delightfully extroverted wife, a builder and designer, who would engage Daley’s attention, win her affection, lead her into the Word of God, and accompany her through the radical changes that must follow an authentic confrontation with Jesus Christ.
As they chatted together in Ann’s home, Daley discovered that they shared common interests, such as studying God’s Word and exercising. That led to group exercise classes at the local YMCA. It also led to Bible studies together. The pair concentrated on a set of Adult Bible Study Guides that focused on a new topic each week of a given quarter, with sections for study on each day of the week. That quarter’s lesson was entitled “The Christian Life.” Daley had never turned her powerful mind and will to these lessons before. But now God was speaking to her directly through the studies, and through her friend Ann.
The studies progressed to the topic of rest and the Sabbath. Suddenly, everything was different. As Daley reports it, she became immediately convicted and immediately determined to end her professional basketball career. She neither hesitated, nor temporized, nor negotiated. She came to the astonishing and singular conclusion that God’s gift to her was not basketball. It was His Word. “Contained in His Word,” she says, “are His commandments . . . ; and contained in His commandments is the Sabbath.” She had rediscovered Jesus and His truth. She continues, “My goals were once centered on maximizing my basketball potential and helping my teams win games. Now my goals are centered on maximizing both spiritual and physical potential as a player on Jesus’ team, and helping win souls for His kingdom.” Ann, her guide and teacher, was blown away by the instantaneousness and totality of her decision. She accepted the Bible Sabbath, joined the Seventh-day Adventist Church by profession of faith, and brought an unceremonious end to her lucrative basketball career.
But Daley still had a life to live, and a lot of witness to bear. From motivating teammates to win games and championships, she turned her prodigious teaching and leadership skills to the shaping of young minds and characters at an elementary school in Ocala, Florida. As before, her impact was immediate. The PE room became Coach Daley’s “Place of Grace,” where children in her physical education classes learned not just about being fit, but about thinking right and behaving well. She was chosen Rookie Teacher of the Year after her first “season.” In 2010 she was nominated again. In this school district, a new teacher is considered a rookie during the first three years. It was a testimony to the power of her witness, and a humbling honor to be recognized by her peers as deserving of such a nomination for two consecutive years.
The Bovells have become her new teammates in an enterprise called the B.E. S.M.A.R.T. TEAM.2 One day a week Ann volunteers in her classroom to help teach the kids good health through plant-based nutrition, fitness, discipline, honesty, and integrity. Beyond that, and their “Lighten Up!” health seminars in forums across America, the three work together for United Hands, a volunteer nonprofit organization that provides short-term ministry opportunities for medical and health professionals (see sidebar).
Daley must continually answer at least one question: Would you go back? Her response is an unhesitating “No.” She continues, “I don’t want to gain the whole world and lose my soul. Whatever you desire to be should be in alignment with God’s Word. In professional athletics you will have to practice on the Sabbath, and the big games are usually scheduled on the Sabbath. The most important thing in life is being obedient to God. Choose a profession in which you can keep God’s schedule, since that is the team you are on. No one can serve two masters.”
Grace Daley is shooting for eternal glory now. She is on Jesus’ team. She plays, she says, with two philosophies, one tersely summed up in seven words: “Jesus gave His all. So will I.” And the other is even more stark and graphic: “Everything Matters!” Diet matters, devotion matters, discipline matters. For her, physical, mental, and spiritual fitness demand a plant-based diet, the best diet on the planet, God-given from the Garden of Eden, and the one that guarantees us the most in terms of physical energy and mental clarity. She drinks only water, the only beverage her body needs. By 10:00 p.m. she is in bed, to sleep for seven to eight hours. She cherishes the outdoors, the sunshine, at least 30 minutes of daily exercise, and Sabbath rest.
She loves the word “relentless” as a self-descriptor. Her public play was relentless. So was her private practice. She counseled prospective athletes, that you play as you practice. She practiced at 100 percent. Now she’s determined to witness for Jesus Christ at 100 percent. Knowing that He spent most of His ministry on earth healing people, she has a passion to spread the health message so that people can be drawn closer to God as they experience His miraculous restoration. Her witness includes a free daily after-school exercise class for the faculty, as well as a short daily e-mail with interesting information about basic health principles.
Daley says, “I love the Christ-centered life I am living now. Playing on Jesus’ team is way more fun and exciting than playing on any other team in the world!” Sharing her life’s story with others reminds her of what God has done for her. She may have won, and won, and won before. But as she tells her new story and lives her new life, she is focusing on a prize greater than any she has ever won before.
Long before her time another heard, answered God’s call, turned around, and never looked back. With him, and with a myriad others who have fixed their eyes on the cross of Calvary, Daley is pressing forward for the prize that matters supremely and will never fade away, a prize we all can win, the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus (see Phil. 3:14).
2 B—believe the good news; E—eat the right stuff; get enough S—sunshine; practice M—moderation—even in your right doing; include regular A—action—in your day’s routine; but don’t neglect to R—rest— adequately; make sure you T—tell—the good news to everyone possible, both the good health news and the gospel of salvation that is its basis.
Lael Caesar, an associate editor of Adventist Review, is glad to be on the same team as Grace. This article was published March 8, 2012.
I do not own any content of this Video , it belongs to its rightful owner .....it is just fan made Drama Name : Come and Hug me Song : Black Sea Genre - Romance Melodrama Mystery
Say Something, I'm Giving Up On You with Lyrics By~ A Great Big World Featuring Christina Aguilera As someone who has had to move on (from the loss of a child), don't give up... the next chapter is always better than the one that preceded it. Blessings, L http://momentsofpause.blogspot.com/
#AsteroidDay | Friday, June 30 Witness the extraordinary journey of the meteor that caused the largest asteroid impact in recorded history, in an immersive VR experience that will leave you awestruck from beginning to end. Ride with the asteroid as it barrels towards Earth, become part of its devastating impact as it breaches the planet’s atmosphere, and watch it explode over Siberia. With breath-taking visuals this VR experience portrays the power of the universe like never before by recreating the Tunguska event just in time for Asteroid Day on Friday, June 30. Produced by our friends at Your Discovery Science http://www.youtube.com/yourdiscoveryscience For a more immersive experience download the Discovery VR App at www.discoveryvr.com Full Episodes Streaming FREE on SCI GO: https://www.sciencechannelgo.com/ Subscribe to Science Channel: http://bit.ly/SubscribeScience Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ScienceChannel Join us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ScienceChannel
Maximum Meteor Storms? What could possibly go wrong... Check out the full playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLs3acGYgI1-vrc4hl8gmal9C7YIiCngoM DISCLAIMER: While this is not sponsored content, I have done paid work on this title with Paradox Interactive in the past. Want to see more? Make sure to Subscribe and Like! Facebook ► http://www.facebook.com/quill18 Twitter ►http://www.twitter.com/quill18 Streaming every Saturday! ►http://www.twitch.tv/quill18 Buy Quill18 Stuff! ► http://quill18.spreadshirt.com/shop/designs Learn game programming! ►http://youtube.com/quill18creates DISCLAIMER: You should assume that all games played on this channel are free preview/review copies. Email: [email protected] Snail Mail: PO Box 2301, Station A Sudbury, Ontario, Canada P3A 4S8 New to the channel? I do Let's Play videos -- these are like walkthrough guides of gameplay with continuous English commentary trying to explain my decisions and what strategy I use. If you're looking for hacks or cheats, you're in the wrong place!
A meteor fragment hits a lake in Russia, leaving a big hole. CNN's Phil Black has more. For more CNN videos, visit our site at http://www.cnn.com/video/
BLACK SEA | The United States military has released shocking video taken from the deck of the USS Ross in the Black Sea. The video shows a Russian Su-24 attack aircraft buzzing the US Naval vessel who the Russians say was acting "aggressively." A claim US officials deny citing normal operations in international waters. Aside from the rampant military exercises being conducted by both sides, This is the latest action that could send both nations into a global war. For the Next News Network I'm Gary Franchi. http://www.businessinsider.com/russian-media-warplanes-just-forced-a-us-destroyer-away-from-russian-territorial-waters-in-the-black-sea-2015-5 Learn this neat trick to get free gold http://nnn.is/free-gold-secret Support Next News! Donate USD: http://nnn.is/donate-dollars Donate BTC: http://nnn.is/donate-bitcoin LIVE: http://NextNewsNetwork.com Facebook: http://Facebook.com/NextNewsNet Twitter: http://Twitter.com/NextNewsNet Sub to our youtube channel: http://NNN.is/the_new_media Hashtag: #N3 Community Guidelines Disclaimer: The points of view and purpose of this video is not to bully or harass anybody, but rather share that opinion and thoughts with other like-minded individuals curious about the subject to encourage conversation and awareness.
The Right Hand of the Pirate King Silvers Rayleigh is being sold at the auction house. Vice Admiral Monkey .D. Garp speaks about Silvers Rayleigh strenght after being reported to him that he was sold as a slave at the auction house. One piece episode 395 720p HD ONE PIECE by Eiichiro Oda and Toei animation. Disclaimer : All right goes to Toei
Demonstration of three steps: 1. Take a Full backup using RMAN. 2. Simulate Disk Failure by deleting Data Files. 3. Performing Recovery of data Files from Backup. To Learn or Teach Linux visit www.theskillpedia.com, A Marketplace for Learners and Trainers.
Hello viewers in this video i'm going to show you how to take a full backup with archivelog file using RMAN step by step. If you want to get notification for my new feature videos in your mail box so please like my video and subscribe my channel and please share with your friend who's want to know about ORACLE. Thank you for watching my video.
Creating A Database On New Host Machine Using RMAN Backup's From one server to other server. Can also be called as migrating the database machines.
Although there are several other methods to achieve this, this is just one of those methods. This can be done differently based on the setup of your environments, such as your backup methods, location files / file system etc. This can be helpful in case where there is a need for QA/DEV environments to be refreshed with PROD data. Please get below checklist download to follow this video: ************************************************************ https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B1Vyp5-9fissZjRfbHpyVzhPZkE Follow the below link to find other oracle stuffs. http://oraerrors.blogspot.in/ Pradeep Kumar.
https://dbagenesis.com/p/oracle-advanced-rman-backup-recovery DBA Genesis provides all you need to build and manage effective Oracle technology learning. We designed DBA Genesis as a simple to use yet powerful online Oracle learning system for students. Each of our courses is taught by an expert instructor, and every course is available on demand. MASTER AND LEARN - Backup and Recovery Overview - Cold Database Backup - Hot Database Backup - Manual Database Recovery
With billions of images stitched together in the street-view matrix, it is highly unlikely two artists operating independently of one another would happen upon nine identical scenes. On the other hand, in the huge dataset that is GSV, it’s understandable that artists would gravitate towards scenes that appeal to human emotion once they are identified and permalinked.
“In Tumblr and blog culture, authorship tends to get lost as interesting texts get blogged and reblogged without even the expectation of citation,” says Rafman. “I’ve had my entire blog stripped and reposted on someone else’s blog without attribution. In fact, you know you have ’succeeded’ on the internet when your work is circulated so much that you lose authorship. The notion of an internet ‘commons’ can be a two-edged sword.”
Rafman’s Nine Eyes and Wolf’s A Series of Unfortunate Events are the two most well-known and most circulated projects of the Google Street View (GSV) ilk. Rafman continues to add images to Nine Eyes, while Wolf has since ventured into newer sets with a geographical focus on Paris and New York.
This class is for beginning tumblers and focuses on tumbling skills, stretching, and coordination which are the foundation of gymnastics. Children explore gymnastics using music, games, and activities. Pre-registration and payment required 48 hours in advance.
Learn new skills and build upon the ones you already have with this gymnastics class. During this session gymnasts will learn tumbling, spotting, balance beam skills, floor, and much more. Pre-registration and payment required 48 hours in advance.
Stay and Play Ages 2 months – 12 years. Take advantage of great childcare while you work out, take a class or go for a swim. Parents/caregivers must remain on site. Space is limited. Payment is due at the time of registration. To reserve a time slot, please contact the front desk at 413- 528-2810, ext. 10. See our complete listing of adult classes that coincide with child care. Cost per hour covers any part of an hour. Members $3 Guests $5
Marketers join the American Marketing Association Puget Sound chapter to learn, grow and advance their careers. Now more than ever, marketers must solve numerous business problems and prove the necessity of their programs.
No other organization in the state offers the wealth of resources we provide, including affiliation with the global AMA network, to help you demonstrate the value of your expertise.
Access to Member-Only Content, exploring the hundreds of the latest articles and research by topic, including white papers and best practices, and an extensive archive
Access to AMA Marketer’s Toolkit, full of interactive templates, tools, and resources to help you in your job
Access to our Mentorship program; be a mentor, or find a mentor, at http://amapugetsound.org/mentor-program
Access to live webcasts and access to more than 100 on-demand webcasts and podcasts on the latest marketing topics
Access to the Career Resource Center with hundreds of marketing job postings, career tips and strategies, interview and resumé guidelines, and an Ask the Expert Panel
Unlimited free shipping and best pricing on bulk promotional products ordered through The AMA Shop powered by Consolidus
15% off a one-year digital subscription to The Chronicle of Higher Education and The Chronicle of Philanthropy
Affinity Benefits: As an AMA member, you can take advantage of local and national discounts on hundreds of products and services including insurance, travel, entertainment, office supplies and more
Volunteering provides the best opportunity to become actively involved with the AMAPS and to more fully develop your marketing skills on many levels.
Our locksmith company was instituted to give a complete set of locksmith services for anyone who presently suffers from lock/key problems. There is no extra payment on work done during night time, holidays or weekends. This is because we make every emergency issues our priority and that we are very much concern with your safety and security. We guarantee state of the art services for our automobile, residential and commercial locksmith clients who might be in need of dire assistance. With their skills, there is no complicated job they can't accomplish. Our customer services respond immediately so that we can help you out in selecting the best services that you need.
We have services for residential clients, building owners, and car owners. We have cheap but with high standard locksmith services. Absolutely free of extra charges for all services done at night, weekends and holidays. We are going to apply the best solutions to any of your locksmith trouble.
Stop being a worrywart and be free of stress call the best locksmith service provider today by dialing our hotline. We offer free cost assessment on the service you need to avail.
Everything you need to build your online presence. We specialize in Wordpress, SEO, Copywriting and custom web design.
We help growing companies be more amazing by connecting them with the best IT products, services and technology support in the industry. If you are a business owner or manager, we can help you achieve your goals while saving time and money every day.
With almost a decade of experience helping scores of companies throughout Jordan, we know what it takes to improve your work with better technology. Reliability is our hallmark, and clients praise us for our tech-savvy solutions and fast response times. Our staff conforms to the highest standard of international IT best-practices, backed by our sister company, LimeTech, Inc., in the USA.
Centrally located in Amman, we support companies in all locations through pre-scheduled appointments and flexible remote solutions. Our view is that IT emergencies should be rare events, so our approach is pre-emptive–ensuring your technology is updated and well-maintained.
Ukraine's ambitions to become a NATO protected state became apparent on Tuesday as its Parliament renounced the country's neutral status, a first step in requesting to join NATO. In response, Russia's Foreign Minister Lavrov has called this a precarious development - "The very idea of Ukraine's efforts to join NATO are dangerous, not only for...
"We created ISIS, and we need to destroy ISIS," said George Brikho. "ISIS is funded by Turkey and Saudi Arabia, our supposed allies." These words by a Republican running for Congress in 2014 caught my interest in an event I recently covered. Unlike most Republicans, what Brikho said was honest, bold and heartfelt, not staged. He is obviously...
In the old days it took a lot to start a new agency! You would most likely need a degree in media broadcasting, certifications with the FCC and other agencies, a lot of money to get a studio and news station and so on and so on and so on. Not anymore! Now you have the power of the blogosphere by your side. You can start your own news agency in a...
For years you've probably been hearing about blogs, bloggers, the blogosphere, and all things "bloggy". When most people hear the term blog they might think of some geek in their underwear writing unimportant and pointless stuff for other geeks to read. While many blogs might be like this, political blogs are of a different class.
Did you know that the term political left originated in France during the French revolution? After the King and Queen had been executed, France became a republic. The terms left and right arose from the seating in the new parliament. They are still used when discussing politics today although they are rather simplistic given our complex political...
By Donna Owens BALTIMORE (Reuters) - A Baltimore police officer will face retrial on a manslaughter charge over the death of black detainee Freddie Gray starting on June 13, a Maryland judge ruled... Read More
By Alexia Shurmur LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - An Oregon woman who killed one woman and injured at least 35 pedestrians when she plowed her car into crowds on a Las Vegas Strip sidewalk on Sunday evening... Read More
SpaceX sent a Falcon rocket soaring toward orbit Monday night with 11 small satellites, its first mission since an accident last summer. Then in an even more astounding feat, it landed the 15-story... Read More
By Catherine Ngai NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brent crude oil prices hit their lowest in more than 11 years on Monday, while U.S. crude flirted with seven-year lows on more signs that swelling global... Read More
U.S. auto safety regulators on Monday fined BMW $10 million, part of a $40 million civil settlement over the German automaker's safety lapses. The fine is the second paid by BMW since 2012 and... Read More
Swedish mobile telecom gear maker Ericsson said it had signed a patent license deal with Apple Inc over technology that helps smartphones and tablets connect to mobile networks, sending its shares... Read More
Sepp Blatter and Michel Platini were each banned for eight years by the FIFA ethics committee on Monday in a stunning removal of world soccer's most powerful leaders. FIFA President Blatter and... Read More
The Arizona Cardinals are NFC West champions. David Johnson ran for 187 yards and three touchdowns, Carson Palmer threw a TD pass and the Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Eagles 40-17 on Sunday... Read More
After suffering through 13 miserable years in Indianapolis, a third-string quarterback finally gave the Texans some relief Sunday. Brandon Weeden also put them in the AFC South lead. With... Read More
Lebanon's Hezbollah group said on Monday that Israel would be held accountable for killing prominent militant Samir Qantar in an air strike in Syria, and accorded him an elaborate funeral of... Read More
Investigators in Moscow said on Monday they were unable to retrieve information from the damaged black box of a Russian warplane shot down by Turkey last month, data the Kremlin hoped would support... Read More
By Jason Szep, Matt Spetalnick and Yara Bayoumy WASHINGTON/MUSCAT (Reuters) - As the United States negotiated this year’s nuclear pact with Iran, the State Department quietly agreed to spare the... Read More
All the team at aimm would like to wish all our members and supporters a Happy Christmas, and a good New Year!
Posted in aimm NewsTagged 2017, aimm, candy canes, Christmas, members, relaxing break, seasons greetings, trade association
Do you find our investigations and enforcement procedures confusing? Not sure what to do when we contact you about your service?
It will take you through informal and formal investigations, the distinction between the two, the supporting procedures and our Code enforcement procedures.
We are pleased to provide the following press release from the Department of International Trade. Dr. Mike Short has been a strong supporter of aimm’s activities in the charity text environment.
Leading industry expert Dr. Mike Short brings over 40 years of technical expertise to the department
The Department for International Trade (DIT) continues to bolster its team of experts with the appointment of Dr. Mike Short CBE as its new Chief Scientific Adviser.
With over 40 years’ experience in the Electronics and Telecommunications sectors, the former Vice President of Telefonica will take up his post next month.
As Head of the Science and Engineering Profession at DIT, Dr. Short will play a key role in ensuring the department’s policy is informed by the best science, engineering and technical advice and will advise on the technical aspects of future trade deals.
He will also work closely with the UK’s research, development and academic communities to promote British scientific and engineering exports around the world.
Science and technological exports are key sectors for UK trade, with, for example, Pharmaceutical products accounting for more than £25 billion (or 8.3%) of UK goods exports in 2016 alone, making it the UK’s 4th largest goods export.
“As an international economic department, having the best people with the right expertise will guarantee we create and deliver a world class trade policy, whilst at the same time deepening our existing trade relationships around the world.
“An industry leader, Dr. Short’s many decades of experience in technology, innovation and public policy will ensure that cutting-edge scientific and technical know-how is firmly at the core of DIT’s work.”
“Joining the department as Chief Scientific Adviser during a period of such great global opportunity is tremendously exciting.
“I look forward to working closely with businesses, research institutions and industry to drive UK economic growth, through a trade policy which champions the best in scientific research and innovation.”
“The UK’s science, technology and engineering sectors generate billions in exports and inward investment per year, and I look forward to working closely with Dr. Short in the promotion of our outstanding scientific industries across the globe.”
Dr. Short possesses a rich knowledge in research collaboration, global business and international technical standards. Vice President of Telefonica for 17 years, Dr. Short managed the launch of 2G (GSM) and 3G mobile technology in the UK and is a leader in 5G innovation research.
In recent years, he has led business development and university collaborations on technological innovations including Smart Cities, digital healthcare, cybersecurity and driverless vehicles.
Dr. Short’s announcement follows this summer’s appointment of internationally-recognised expert Crawford Falconer, who joined the department in August as Chief Trade Negotiation Adviser and Second Permanent Secretary, with over 25 years of trade and foreign policy experience.
Posted in aimm NewsTagged Chief Scientific Advisor, department for international trade, DIT, export, Mike Short, science and engineering, technology, telecommunications, Telefonica, trade, UK Trade
It was pretty cool when I got Kim's message asking me to take her family photos. Kim is a fellow photographer from my hometown so I was pretty honored when she asked me. I had a blast with her family, especially her two little ones who are crazy balls of energy! We did some adventuring, running, and even some wrestling. Enjoy taking a look at our fun time together. I'm very happy with how the photos turned out! Thanks again Kim for having me! It was so great!
Tagged: Washington Photographer, washington, hannah victoria photography, pnw, Photographer, familyportraits, family, familyphotos
English: Welcome on www.chocholous.net site. If your name is Chocholous/Chocholousova, you can get there email address, place for you webpages or DNS record. Use email address from the footer of this page.
I am sharing regularly on Instagram and Pinterest the restaurants and coffee shops I visit, which offer good quality and tasty gluten free food – whether here in Finland where I live, or other places around the world where I travel.
I’m Vanessa and this blog is about my discoveries and journey in the world of gluten free cuisine. Excluding gluten by no way means giving up on the food I love! My mission is to show that gluten free food can be delicious, ‘gourmand’, cheerful, beautiful… and to be shared with everyone! About Chocolate & Quinoa
April always makes me think of travelling. When the warm spring sunshine and longer days appear, the urge to travel gets stronger and I long to go and explore somewhere new.
This year I suppose my wish will come true as from May to the end of July I take a break from my regular ministerial work and embark on a voyage of research and comparison. The plan is to travel to various places in the UK and take a look at how the United Reformed Church and the Baptist Church operate when they are working in the same place. I want to discover why on the whole, the Baptist fellowships tend to attract more members and seem to be more mission focused. Is that just a myth, or if it is true what can we learn from it and do we need to change or do things differently in our own denomination to achieve the same kind of growth?
This month we are remembering another journey, one that ended in the death and resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ. Without that journey there would be no need for mine because there would be no church denominations, no gospel to preach and live out, no assurance of forgiveness, no hope for the world and no salvation. As we remember the Son of God riding into Jerusalem in humility, allowing himself to be arrested, beaten, tortured and killed on a cross for our sake. Then to rise again on the third day to demonstrate his victory over death we can only bow our heads in awe at the unconditional love of our God.
If we have to change as a denomination to make us more mission focused then so be it. If we have to transform the way we do church in order to bring more people to know our Saviour then let’s get on with it. If we have to go the extra mile to become a thriving, growing, Christ centred church, then let us not delay for one more second.
Jesus said, ’Go and make disciples of all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age. (Matthew 28: 19-20)
Our thanks to all of you for the many cards we received, the flowers that greeted us, when we arrived home from our 50th Wedding Anniversary Lunch arranged by our children.
On these special occasions made all the more memorable by these kind and thoughtful gestures, Alison and I think how lucky we are to be members of Christ Church. We acknowledge how attending Christ Church has brought us closed together as husband and wife, as we share in the praise of the Lord, and the fellowship of the Church, the friends we have made, true friends in the fellowship of Christ, sharing and caring together.
Alison turned to me in the evening and said ‘we are comfortable with each other aren’t we.’ I couldn’t have said it better I thought, I’d settle for that.
Dear friends at Christ Church, am very grateful to the Lord for all of you who have expressed love and concern, prayed, sent cards, flowers, and helped in practical ways during my convalescence. It has been a wonderful encouragement and support. I’m happy to say that I’m now making good progress and looking forward to the return of ‘normality’ in the not too distant future!
We would like to say thank you for the cards, flowers and gifts we received for our Golden Wedding in March. The celebration was very much a family one but we were thrilled to know we were also in the thoughts of our wider church family.
Internet Pulpit UK is a brand new website providing free Biblical material to help people grow in their Christian faith. You are warmly invited to visit our website at www.internetpulpit.co.uk
Internet Pulpit UK has been launched in response to the findings of a nationwide Church Survey conducted in 2005. Many people expressed a need for Biblical teaching on pertinent issues which affect their daily lives.
There is something here for everyone, whether they are an occasional churchgoer, a committed Christian, a doubter or a struggling believer with many questions.
Some articles have been written to encourage and inspire, while others where appropriate have been written to challenge and make people really think about their lives and their standing before God.
New subjects are being added on a regular basis varying in length from small light “bite size” articles to longer deeper ones. The range of topics covered include; suffering, God and natural disasters, evidence and prayer. The available articles are listed on the website to ensure ease of use and access to the most appropriate issues according to personal need.
Christianity in this country is under assault from secularism as never before. We sincerely hope Internet Pulpit UK will help encourage Christian’s in their daily lives and frequent struggles, inspiring them to hold fast to their faith.
We’re an independent charity. We’re all volunteers based in towns across the UK. In this area there are branches in Tunbridge Wells, Hastings, Ashford and Maidstone. The Tunbridge Wells area stretches from Heathfield round to East Grinstead, across to Edenbridge and Sevenoaks, then on to Paddock Wood, Cranbrook and Hawkhurst. In Tunbridge Wells we have 145 volunteers, and throughout the UK there are about 18,000 people working in over 200 branches. Between them they give over 2 million hours of their time each year.
We offer a 24-hour confidential listening service, every day of the year, to anyone in emotional distress – or whatever reason.
We can be contacted by phone on 08457 909090 or 01892 5323233; email via jo@samaritans.org: texting on 07725 909090; by letter to Chris, PO Box 9090, Stirling FK8 2SA; or in person at 7 Lime Hill Road, Tunbridge Wells without appointment anytime between 9am and 9 pm.
In the UK we get a call every 5 seconds. Our service is free for the cost of the phone call, and through our listening service, Samaritans provides confidential emotional support to anyone in need.
We encourage those who contact us to talk about their emotions. In today’s pressured world, life can sometimes become too much to bear, but we think that talking about the emotional stress behind suicidal thoughts can help find a way forward in life. But we don’t give advice and we don’t judge—we just listen.
As a voluntary organisation, we always need support from the community. Our work can be emotionally demanding, but hugely rewarding. We take great care in selecting volunteers with the right qualities, and we give good training. We also have support volunteers who do essential work to keep the branch going. If you might consider giving some time to Samaritans, or if you would like a Samaritan volunteer to talk to your organisation, please phone 01892 532323 or email info@twsamaritans.org.
My wife (Alison) came across the Cathedral Cookery Book in a charity shop. (Published in Winchester 1999.) A story of Benedictine Monks who worked and prayed for five centuries at Winchester. Ate only frugal meals, but celebrated Feast Days. The records of their menus and the quantity of food and wine consumed make astonishing reading and help to explain the picture of the rotund, jolly monk.
Here is just one of the recipes: It would be interesting to follow the thought process of Mrs Tedbury she obviously knows her Bible well!
Reflection on Jesus: All the armies that ever marched, and all the navies that ever were built, and all the parliaments that ever sat, and all the kings that ever reigned, put together, have not affected the life of mankind on this earth as powerfully as has that one solitary life. anon
Tucked between 6th and 7th Street on Cedar Avenue in Redmond is an amazing old red two story house converted into a restaurant, now called Christie's Kitchen. Gary and Christie Bryant were former owners of the original Country Nook on Greenwood for ten years. Retirement was in their sites, however the restaurant business (a labor of love) beckoned them back.
The menu is similar to our original endeavor with a few small changes.Now serving only breakfast and lunch. Daily specials. Quiche, Homemade baked goods, and soups. In fact practically everything is homemade! We have the option of seating upstairs, downstairs, or weather permitting, outside on our lovely patio.
It drove at the speed limit, which it knew because the limit for every road is included in its database, and left the freeway several exits later. The device atop the car produced a detailed map of the environment.
The car then drove in city traffic through Mountain View, stopping for lights and stop signs, as well as making announcements like “approaching a crosswalk” (to warn the human at the wheel) or “turn ahead” in a pleasant female voice. This same pleasant voice would, engineers said, alert the driver if a master control system detected anything amiss with the various sensors.
UNESCO – where the ‘E’ stands for ‘education’ and the ‘C’ for ‘culture’ – is the “intellectual agency” of the United Nations, charged with “a commitment to peace-building, mediation, conflict prevention and resolution, peace education, education for non-violence, tolerance, acceptance, mutual respect, intercultural and interfaith dialogue and reconciliation”. You’d think, therefore, that its resolutions would be moderately-worded, historically-informed, factually-accurate, politically-latitudinal and impeccably respectful of cultural difference and religious diversity. How otherwise do you foster peace and reconciliation in the minds of men and women?
Perhaps the history of Israel doesn’t matter to UNESCO: Judaism is inconvenient, especially in Jerusalem, and the Jews are a manifest hurdle to peace.
To the delight of the Palestinian Authority, a UNESCO resolution was passed which denies Jewish ties to its most holy religious sites – Temple Mount and the Western Wall. All references to the site referred to it by its Arabic name; Some 24 nations supported the resolution; six opposed (including the USA and UK). 26 nations abstained; two were absent.
Let that sink in for a moment: just six nations opposed historical revisionism; the eradication of Jews from Mount Zion; the expunging of Judaism from the holiest place of Divine presence. This is where Talmudic tradition places the creation of Adam; it is Mount Moriah where Abraham offered Isaac; the hill which the prophet Isaiah called Zion; where King Solomon, son of David, Israel’s greatest king, built his Temple; where the prophets Haggai, Zechariah and Malachi witnessed the building of the Second Temple after the Babylonian captivity. It is a 3000-year-old Jewish shrine – the Holy of Holies – settled in the Judean hills of the Jewish capital city of the Jewish State. It is where Mary and Joseph found the boy Jesus sitting in the midst of the learned, who wondered at his understanding. It is where the Jewish Messiah drove out the money-changers who had turned his Father’s house into a den of thieves.
According to the UNESCO resolution, it is the Al-Aqṣa Mosque and Al-Ḥaram Al-Sharif (‘the Noble Sanctuary’). Islamic names are adopted throughout. The Western Wall is referred to twice, in scare quotes: ‘Kotel ha-Ma’aravi’ appears nowhere. Israel is “the occupying Power” (mentioned 15 times, in case you don’t grasp the point).
Some people (Christians, indeed) think this is just a resolution concerned with “breadth of religious access”, which is a good a wholesome thing; Christian, indeed. But if you deny the Jewish connection to the Temple Mount, you deny the Christian also. Indeed, UNESCO sends a clear message to the whole world that the history of the Old City of Jerusalem is Islamic; the theology is based on the doctrine of Allah; the supreme prophethood is that of Mohammed; Abraham offered Ishmael, and so the third-holiest shrine of Islam trumps the holiest place on earth for Jews.
A couple of mentions in passing which affirm the “importance of the Old City of Jerusalem and its Walls for the three monotheistic religions” doesn’t quite cut it. “Israeli right-wing extremists and uniformed forces” are the aggressor: Palestinians are the oppressed. Israel is not only the “occupying (upper-case) Power”, the resolution associates her with “refusal.. aggression.. illegal measures.. violations.. obstruction.. blockade.. attacks on schools..” You get the picture. There is no mention of Palestinian terrorist atrocities; of Hamas rockets launched from Gaza on Israeli villages; of suicide bombers who target shopping malls and restaurants; of the mobs of Muslims who patrol Temple Mount to assault, intimidate and harass Jewish visitors.
..And among these nations shalt thou find no ease, neither shall the sole of thy foot have rest: but the LORD shall give thee there a trembling heart, and failing of eyes, and sorrow of mind (Deut 28:65).
This UNESCO resolution is a demonic delusion which tarnishes every other UN body. The demand for Judaism’s holiest site to be recognised as primarily a Muslim holy site is a denial of history and the dissemination of falsehood. It is political and religious propaganda; an abomination of desolation. The Arab/Muslim claim to the Old City of Jerusalem may not be won with the bombs and bullets of intifada, but in the High Court of the United Nations the war is waged with insidious and inciteful resolutions. This is not the way to foster reconciliation, and it is not a path to the priestly blessings of peace.
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts automatically by email.
Children’s Society Christingle song fails to mention God, Jesus – or anything particularly Christian at all
Iwerne: what did David Conner (now Dean of Windsor) and others know about John Smyth’s regime of abuse?
Cognicism; a secular moral system As an atheist, we are often asked, “how can you be good without god?”. I have tried to explain this time and time again, each time resulting in a slightly different description. I understand the wish for people who might not be familiar with … Continue reading →
Antabuse (disulfiram) is an efficient medicine made use of to manage chronic alcohol addiction. The impacts of Antabuse are based on inducing many undesirable negative effects when alcoholic beverages is consumed. The following reactions are feasible: breathing difficulty, hassle, weak point, choking, chest discomfort, vomiting, mental confusion, nausea, sweating, blurred vision, anxiety, and flushing of the face. Antabuse is not supposed to be taken by expecting or breastfeeding women, people that dislike the active ingredient of this medication or those with some clinical conditions, such as renal or liver condition, thyroid gland disease, diabetic issues or mental retardation. If you have any of the conditions stated ant think you require to be taking Antabuse, your doctor could really need to prescribe a lower amount and monitor you for side effects. Antabuse is typically well tolerated regarding just a couple of negative effects stated, such as drowsiness, impotence, skin rash, moderate frustration, acne breakouts, metallic preference in the mouth, and exhaustion. Never ever take additional of Antabuse than prescribed or share it with various other individuals. Examine the labels of all the products you will make use of to ensure they do not include any alcohol, as also the smallest amounts can trigger an adverse response.
Under the theme “(re)think,” the goal of the event is to question the status quo and consider how a single individual’s idea might radically alter an entire community, according to their website.
Dr. Lauren Lemley, assistant professor of communications and director of the speaking center, is organizing the event and expressed her excitement in ACU hosting their very own.
“I use TED Talks in my classroom all the time, so I know they do a great job at communicating ideas,” Lemley said. “I am hoping to use the name and the organization to help create an audience for conversations in the community.”
TED, which stands for Technology, Entertainment, Design, is a nonprofit organization that hosts a few conferences over the course of a year with the goal of sharing groundbreaking ideas from great minds around the world. While the event taking place at ACU is not an official TED Talk, the conference is associated under the name TEDxACU.
No speakers have been selected yet, but Lemley wants to put the audience in charge of who will speak.
“We really want our audience to go on to our website and nominate people who they want to hear speak,” Dr. Lemley said. “While we will have representation on campus and alumni, something that we really want is to have the Abilene community representation as well.”
Lemley said the network and diversity of speakers is really going to be the cornerstone of the event.
“One of TED’s big goals is the networking and engagement of people around ideas,” she said. “If we can get a bunch of people in the room who all have different perspectives on a topic, we might be able to solve problems or reimagine how we address issues.”
The conference will host a diverse number of speakers from around the Abilene community. Also, a current ACU student will be selected to speak on a topic of their choice.
“The TED format requires this to be interdisciplinary, so the main goal is diversity of ideas and speakers all around the concept of innovation,” Lemley said.
Attendance to the event will be by individual application only as there will be a very limited number of student tickets available. Applications to attend will be accepted starting January 1, but applications and nominations to speak at the event are currently open through the beginning of November. For up-to-date information on TEDxACU, to nominate a speaker or apply for attendance, visit the TEDxACU blog at http://blogs.acu.edu/tedxacu/.
The Lviv Tourism Development Centre and the Lviv Tourism Alliance have concluded the individual press trips with 6 chosen bloggers and journalists from Germany, Poland and Italy. We want to thank all the partners who have supported this initiative and helped us to show the best of our city to our international guests. Special thanks go also to all the attractions that provided free entrances and excursions and to the Lviv people who were available for interviews. It was a pleasure to work with such amazing people for the common promotion of Lviv.
How to use RMAN basics command step by step. Command to find out backup piece for an archive log thread and sequence, Command to see the list/summary of backups available with RMAN catalog, Command to find out the backup piece details for a datafile.
Order process chart covering detailed aspects of order flow from entry to shipment Rapid delivery time.
Businesses and home-owners in the greater Stillwater area have relied on Air-O for their heating and air conditioning services for more than 30 years! Our fleet is large enough to respond to your needs quickly, but small enough to provide you with long lasting personal relationships. ​
The focus of this project is a piece of architectural furniture. The piece encompasses the client’s storage requirements and a new kitchen. The client wished to emphasize the purpose made and personal nature of the piece. To achieve this the variable physical nature of each specific storage compartment (model making trolley, CDs, electric piano, writing bureau, magazines, kitchen appliances, sculpture niche etc.) was expressed and carefully composed into an irregular but balanced composition across the surface of the whole. Pinboards on the inner face of many compartment doors accommodate the client’s penchant for montaging information of interest.
Anova Skyway, Kadie Good, The Drexels – Tickets – Happy Dog at the Euclid Tavern – Cleveland, OH – September 26th, 2018 | Happy Dog Euclid Tavern Anova Skyway, Kadie Good, The Drexels – Tickets – Happy Dog at the Euclid Tavern – Cleveland, OH – September 26th, 2018 – Happy Dog Euclid Tavern
It is composed of Michael Marksberry, Mike Palacios, Cory Miles, Andrew Alvarez, and Garret West. The band formed in 2011, after the split of Marksberry and Palacios’ former band Bloodvoid, and has since undergone several lineup changes. With its most current lineup, the group hopes to bring intelligent and meaningful music back into the heart of the Houston music scene.
The Drexels are a post-punk rock band from Cleveland, Ohio that mixes old school punk rock-n-roll with a hard indie edge to deliver a maximum stage presence.The Band formed in late Nov of 2007 with the core members being Bobby J, Matt Mugridge, Billy Spear, Paul Strachan, playing its first show a mix of covers of Sex Pistols, Buzzcocks, Clash and God Squad songs in December 2007 @ Beachland Tavern, Cleveland, Ohio to a enthusiastic crowd of friends.many shows later at clubs like Now Thats Class, Grog Shop, the band was honing its set to now include original material which was taking shape. Tragically lead singer Matt Mugridge founder of The Grog Shop and a very influential figure in the Cleveland Punk Scene passed away in May of 2009. After a year hiatus the band decided to continue on with the original spirit of it all as The Drexels with Bobby J taking over lead vocals. On May of 2010 The Drexels played a successful return show @ The Happy Dog on the near west side of Cleveland to a packed house.
Bobby J has been a staple in the Cleveland Scene since the early 80's and has been a founding member of many early punk & indie bands including The Gorbals (83-86), The God Squad (86-89) and Krumble which released "Thirteen" their debut on Ear Tonic Records in 2001 (1992-2002) and was lead guitarist for Jimmy Zero's (Dead Boys) band with the moniker of Lesbian Maker from (1999-2001) their debut show show at original location of Grog Shop in 99 was played to a sold out crowd. Other shows to note were at the Beachland Ballroom and at the 39th Street Pub in Pittsburgh, PA with the Cynics. He worked with Wayne Kramer (MC5) and recorded a single for Wayne Kramer's Compilation "Beyond CyberPunk" released on Muzic Blitz Records in 2001. The God Squad Retrospective 86-89 "Just Have to Live it" a double CD with 22 tracks was picked up and released on Smog Veil Records (Chicago) in 2002. Billy Spear: has played for many years in Secret Saucer a psychedelic progressive space rock type band that has distribution on a European Label. Paul Strachan has many years in the Cleveland Scene as well being a founding member of Terrible Parade in the early 80's and many other groups including the Tellers and Skipped 96-2002 and his mainstay metal band Lotus Pedal who have just wrapped up and finished a full length CD in 2010 pending a title and release and have opened for many national acts @ Peabodys, the Hi-Fi here in Cleveland. Billy Tomazic: Drums was in Teachers Pet Akron Punk Legends and Suspect Device from Cleveland. The Current Lineup of The Drexels July 2014 is Bobby J Guitar, Vocals Billy Spear: Bass Guitar, Drums:Paul Strachan
Jesse Eisenberg talks reprising DC villain Lex Luthor Jesse Eisenberg talks reprising DC villain Lex Luthor
Is this Jeremy Irons' role in the new Watchmen series? Is this Jeremy Irons' role in the new Watchmen series?
Arrowverse crossover's first look at Superman and Lois Arrowverse crossover's first look at Superman and Lois
Avengers 4's trailer might be further off than thought Avengers 4's trailer might be further off than thought
As a writer, publisher and authorised representative of the comic properties created by Simon and Kirby Studios, Jim Simon knows a thing or two about superheroes. DS caught up with the creator to discuss his latest project ShieldMaster, Protector Of The Heroes.
ShieldMaster deals with a lot of interesting concepts, from superheroes to other planes of reality. What inspired the book?
"I wanted to do a story in sort of a retro comic book style, touching on a variety of bases in kind of a mash-up way. While the first story stands on its own, I envision this as part of a larger story, and the several concepts, including various planes of reality as you put it, will all get played out to some degree or another should we decide to go on beyond the first story."
"I have been meaning to tell the full ShieldMaster story for some time but the story in this particular book is just a part of the larger story. In fact, I was a little surprised since the story in this book took a somewhat different path from what I had initially planned. But that is the way things sometimes turn out in a collaborative medium, especially when a creative team is working across the pond with each other, and working in different languages."
"As I implied, I can't give the full plot of the story here, but I'd like to mention one of the themes that run through not only this particular story but also the larger ShieldMaster story. The theme is relatively simple on the surface but on a deeper level it touches on the idea of what happens when someone accepts certain things into their life. Early in the story, four young people are hiking in a vacated military area. Rumours of experiments that were conducted on this military base are well known among the locals. Some believe the rumours hold credence because years earlier the military base was suddenly abandoned in the middle of the night, closed off from the public. Getting back to the hikers, they uncover some strange shield-like objects on this abandoned military base. Something, not only a tremendous energy, radiates from these objects, and each hiker is, in turn, drawn to a particular object, resurrecting each of the young people as the embodiments of the powerful shield objects just as all hell is about to break loose."
The comic appears to draw influence from the Silver Age. Do you think that bygone eras are increasingly influencing contemporary creators?
"It seems a number of characters from the Golden and Silver Ages have been and will continue to get rebooted. If a Golden/Silver Age character has something unique or classic about it, a well-executed reboot of the character can be quite interesting. The ShieldMaster prototype art has a Silver-Age aura about it, and Reed's story art, in my opinion, from what I have seen, takes it to another level while still capturing that aura - And for good reason, as the reader will discover at the end of this particular story."
"Reed saw some prototype art of ShieldMaster as well as an earlier story treatment, and an arrangement was made to publish a graphic story in hardcover format. Reed is an artist and the head honcho of Organic Comix. Jean is a screenwriter and comic scripter/translator. Both are big fans of Silver Age American comics. Organic Comix has published such American comic giants as Jack Kirby and Stan Lee in the French language. Organic Comix has been producing mainstream and underground comics for the last 20 years, starting with the anthology Reptile, and publishing top French artists such as Arnon, Brun and others, as well as publishing Strange, one of the most famous superhero magazines in France."
"There's some good, independent publishing going on in France. I am doing the ShieldMaster story with Organic Comix because they respect creator-owned projects, they are enthusiastic, and I am interested in doing something that is somewhat different from the current American style of comic art. The translation of my vision of the ShieldMaster story, as you might imagine, somewhat concerns me because of the language difference and my inability to be near the drawing board, but I don't believe in micromanaging, especially when it comes to artists. From what I've seen of the book so far, there are some things I'm open to change and I made several suggestions; some that the artist agreed with, some that he disagreed with. That's okay, and regarding the things that we disagreed on, I'll just let him run with it the way he wants. We'll see how it turns out and hope we create some magic."
© 2018 Hearst Magazines UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 72 Broadwick Street, London, W1F 9EP. Registered in England 112955. All rights reserved.
Spoilers Coronation Street EastEnders Emmerdale Hollyoaks Neighbours Home and Away Casualty Holby City
அண்மையில் நிகழ்ச்சி ஒன்றிற்காக தனியார் பேருந்து ஒன்றில் புதுச்சேரி சென்றேன். என்னை அழைக்க வருபவருக்கு தகவல் சொல்வதற்காக ஓட்டுநரிடம்,
The “Shop for Revolutionary Materials” M99 is supposed to get evicted in order for the landlord to make more profit. HG Lindenau has been running the shop in the district of Kreuzberg for almost 30 years and also lives there. HG sells clothes and materials for demonstrations for little money. The shop is a symbol for a rebellious Kreuzberg that does not correspond to the glossy brochures and investment plans.
But rents in Berlin are rising drastically and more and more people and smaller shops are being displaced. The profits of house owners are increasing. They are paid through our rents, which we have to pay with our low incomes. The Berlin Senate has failed, it doesn’t do anything against this displacement. That’s why we have to become active to resist these conditions. We have to be loud to no longer be ignored. We don’t want housing to be a commodity. We want HG to be able to stay in his shop and in his apartment.
This 1.4 acre Lake Powell property offers astounding views of the surrounding buttes, mesas and Lake Powell. A perfect property to build your Lake Powell home and have room for your horses, RV’s and lake toys.
Just 3 miles from the new Amangiri Resort at Lake Powell and 15 minutes to the boat launch at Wahweap Marina this is a great way to enjoy the views and amenities our area has to offer. Big Water is bordered by the Grand Staircase National Monument and the Glen Canyon National Recreation area. “Outdoor Magazine” ranked the Page Lake Powell area in the Top Ten places to live the OUTDOOR lifestyle. Hiking, camping, fishing, boating, and hunting all within minutes of your home. In 15 minutes you can have your boat on Lake Powell exploring it’s 2000 miles of shoreline and other-worldly beauty. Come check out this opportunity to enjoy Life at Lake Powell!
Heather Rankin is a Realtor specializing in the Lake Powell areas of Page, AZ, 86040 and Greenehaven, AZ as well as Big Water, UT, 84741 including new home sales at Indigo Ridge and Toroweap Townhomes in Page.
Lake Powell View Property in Big Water, UT 1.4 Acres! | The Lake Powell Real Estate Blog in Arizona and Utah says:
Come try our head chef’s creative culinary skills & style. Chef’s Specials are introduced regularly.
Laksa King was established by Esmond Wong in 1998 from humble beginnings in a small arcade off Racecourse Rd, Flemington. With a growing loyal customer, Esmond had to look for bigger premises. Laksa King moved to its current location since 2010 and its popularity has grown several fold. With that, Esmond has expanded the menu to include house favourites, and to meet demands of its loyal and the more experienced culinary enthusiasts. Esmond welcomes you and hopes you have a wonderful experience.
Below you can see 30 more photos of the car Infiniti Q50, as well as to get acquainted with the characteristics of the car Infiniti Q50
Autotrans - a catalog of the most popular car models. The catalog presents 68 brands of vehicles, including cars Infiniti Q50. Here you will find a huge number of brands and models. Find out the size, fuel consumption, especially engines, suspensions, and other technical specs of automobiles.
Choosing you are interested in the brand and model of the car you can see detailed specs of automobiles. For any car you can see the same pictures in high quality.
Autotras is the most complete catalog of automobiles, which has all the most popular models from the best manufacturers. All car brands contain not only detailed description of the vehicle, but also photos of cars. Infiniti Q50 review
Milken Institute uses cookies to enhance your user experience and improve the quality of our websites. Unless you disable cookies, you consent to the placement and use of cookies as described in our Privacy Notice by continuing to use this website.
Nearly 2 million cases of seven common chronic diseases — cancers, diabetes, heart disease, hypertension, stroke, mental disorders, and pulmonary conditions — were reported in Connecticut in 2003. These conditions shorten lives, reduce quality of life, and create considerable burden for caregivers. The following map shows how states compare based on the prevalence of the seven common chronic diseases.
For more information refer to full report “An Unhealthy America: Economic Burden of Chronic Disease” or visit www.milkeninstitute.org
India Amity Noida Campus Amity Lucknow Campus Amity Jaipur Campus Amity Gurgaon Campus Amity Gwalior Campus Amity Mumbai Campus Amity Greater Noida
Natural and healthy for your real nails.No liquid, no primer, unlike gel or acrylic. Thinner and lighter weight helps your nails grow out stronger and healthier by adding vitamin and calcium.
Consists of nail shaping and cuticle care. A gentle hand massage improves circulation and polish gives you a new look.
Our Deluxe Manicure begins with our classic manicure routine and continues with a sugar scrub for gentle exfoliation.
A hybrid product that applies like polish but wears like gel no chips, lasting up to 2 weeks, and best of all, no need for drying time! Provides a strong, natural nail protection with a shiny finish.
Our Express Facial is efficient and quick. It includes a cleansing, exfoliation, mask and moisturizer. no massages or extractions are performed with this facial.
Expect total rejuvenation with this amazing facial including a deep cleansing exfoliation extractions customizable mask and luxurious facial and décolleté’ massage and more! Your skin will appear younger, fresher, more hydrated and soft to touch. Perfect for all skin types and amazing for relaxation with results!
My site was recently hacked, I think that was a sign for me to get my backside back on here, otherwise, silly sites will try to take over.
Jokes apart, let’s really talk about my hiatus. Apart from me enjoying life and the beautiful summer we’ve been having in the UK, a lot of changes have happened. Not bad changes – perhaps, I should say growth.
Firstly, I’ve been thinking, who reads fashion blogs nowadays. I no longer enjoy reading fashion blogs – what people wore, how they wore it, what they love about it blah blah blah. I could blame this on Instagram, personal preference, taste in clothes, lifestyle… a whole lot of stuff. But deep down, I know I no longer enjoy reading a whole lot of 300 words or more on ‘how to wear a polka dot skirt’ or the most amazing leopard print someone just bought – so why would I want to churn out that kind of content on my blog?
Just provide me with the link, if I like I’ll buy, I don’t need many words to convince me about an item.
How we consume and digest fashion content has evolved a lot since I started my blog and I’m all ok with that, I’ve subconsciously realized, I have also evolved and moved on.
Secondly, call it writer’s block, uninspired, or whatever, I no longer quite really writing. Oops, did I just say that? Most people start a blog because they enjoy writing. Maybe that’s just my assumption. BUT, when I write, regardless of what I’m writing about, I feel or experience something. For someone who doesn’t enjoy writing, it’s quite contradictory. Guess that’s where inspiration meets desire. I write when I’m inspired. I would rather wait and have something to write about, even if it happens once a month.
Thirdly and finally. Who even reads blogs especially fashion blogs? Back to my first question right? This is a constant question in the blogosphere. Do people still read blogs? The answer is YES. The percentage might have dropped significantly, but I strongly believe people still do.
Readership depends on a lot of things – the type of content you produce, who you are writing for, to age group, demographics, and a whole lot of statistics.
As I mentioned earlier, I no longer enjoy core fashion blogs (not all, depends on a lot of things including my mood). I turned to catch up with one of the blogs I used to enjoy reading only to myself moving along fast, looking for something perhaps more engaging. Like a life update sorta post. The type of blogs I read now varies a lot, but I enjoy lifestyle posts, personal experiences with certain situations, posts that stimulate my thoughts. For example, I like Vix Meldrew’s content. I would like to give more examples, but I currently don’t have any go-to blog.
It’s great to have varied content I suppose. No one is one dimensional. It’s about what you feel, what you enjoy and what your audience reacts to best.
I feel like it’s time to stir in a new direction. Now, the difficult part is this. FASHION is a core part of my blog. I mean, it’s called A Style Diary for goodness sakes, what is style without fashion. I’m yet to find a creative way to interpret this so that it’s still meaningful. I love the name of my blog and not ready for a change yet.
To conclude this post, I would love to know what kind of content or posts you guys are into. Do you feel fashion posts are still as relevant?
I don’t read fashion posts or enjoy posts about how I wore something, I never have. I like looking at the fashion pics as inspiration and then having content with more substance behind it.
in the early days of fashion blogging, there was a lot of this type of posts and I quite enjoyed them, there was still some kind of originality at the time. I think now everyone is a fashion blogger and these pose are obsolete.
Thanks for writing this! I like how it was multifaceted- something to look at AND something to look at that is beautiful. That may just be the recipe
Archives Select Month August 2018 April 2018 March 2018 January 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 April 2012 March 2012
Abdul Rasheed, Director of Product Strategy, walks through Rubrik's Oracle support with the Alta release. Rubrik's integration delivers control, protection, and compliance while enabling Oracle's incremental merge capabilities.
In this demo I show how to configure RMAN using #EM12c. I also show how to schedule a full RMAN backup using #EM12c.
A forum about Atari 16/32 computers and their clones. This forum is in no way affiliated with Atari Interactive.
Hi all, this sunday at 6pm (GMT) I'll be livestreaming Atari ST games on my youtube retro game channel, come along and join the fun, games featured will be Ranarama, Enduro Racer, Super Hang-On, Space Harrier, Barbarian I & II, Op Wolf & Thunderbolt, Name that retro game tune will also be featured plus possibly the ususal appearence of my black labrador Snoopy,...I'm always asked to show him lol
decorative partition wall design for home decorative partition wall design for home inspirational room dividers partition wall oak plywood from decorative partition wall design for home.
decorative partition wall design for home best living room decorations ideas ,decorative partition wall design for home inspirational room ,glass wall partitions for home ideas decorative partition design,decorative and functional room dividers partition walls wall design for home, interior decorative room dividers partitions wall divider ideas partition design for home,decorative and functional room dividers partition walls wall design for home, decorative partition wall design for home decoration ideas large size of unusual glass on,partition wall ideas home coolest room decorative design for,modern hanging room divider partition decorative wall design for home,cabinet decorating tiles decor paint room partition ideas f walls decorative wall design for home.
Aim for smaller products and travel deals. Some of the best buys on Cyber Monday will surprise you, from apparel to shoes to beauty products, says consumer and money saving expert Woroch. “It’s also a great day to shop for travel deals, specifically airfare sales,” she says. “Apple products and other electronics will be a good deal on this day too.”
While Amazon has publicly opposed secret government surveillance, as revealed by Freedom of Information Act requests it has supplied facial recognition support to law enforcement in the form of the "Rekognition" technology and consulting services. Initial testing included the city of Orlando, Florida, and Washington County, Oregon. Amazon offered to connect Washington County with other Amazon government customers interested in Rekognition and a body camera manufacturer. These ventures are opposed by a coalition of civil rights groups with concern that they could lead to expansion of surveillance and be prone to abuse. Specifically, it could automate the identification and tracking of anyone, particularly in the context of potential police body camera integration.[204][205][206] Due to the backlash, the city of Orlando has publicly stated it will no longer use the technology.[207]
Audible.com is a seller and producer of spoken audio entertainment, information and educational programming on the Internet. Audible sells digital audiobooks, radio and TV programs and audio versions of magazines and newspapers. Through its production arm, Audible Studios, Audible has also become the world's largest producer of downloadable audiobooks. On January 31, 2008, Amazon announced it would buy Audible for about $300 million. The deal closed in March 2008 and Audible became a subsidiary of Amazon.[90]
In March 2015, it was reported in The Verge that Amazon will be removing non-compete clauses of 18 months in length from its US employment contracts for hourly-paid workers, after criticism that it was acting unreasonably in preventing such employees from finding other work. Even short-term temporary workers have to sign contracts that prohibit them from working at any company where they would "directly or indirectly" support any good or service that competes with those they helped support at Amazon, for 18 months after leaving Amazon, even if they are fired or made redundant.[190][191]
Now when you shop with Amazon.com, a portion of your purchase will help support the work of the American Institute for Cancer Research. Through AmazonSmile, a website operated by Amazon, you can enjoy the same wide selection of products, low prices, and convenient shopping features as on Amazon.com. The difference is that when you shop on AmazonSmile, the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of the purchase price to AICR.
Use Cyber Monday to do shopping you would have otherwise done. One big benefit to Cyber Monday is that stores usually offer percent-off deals that apply across multiple product categories, so you can potentially get a discount on a wider array of items, says Palmer. “In addition to double digit discounts, it’s easy to find free shipping offers,” she adds.
Though more people shopped in-store and online on Black Friday 2017, Cyber Monday continues to beat Black Friday’s online sales. Last year, 81 million consumers shopped on Cyber Monday, bringing in $6.59 billion for retailers. 2017 marked a year-over-year increase of nearly 17 percent and set an all-time record of the most ever spent on the digital holiday.
Make sure there are enough funds in the account. Amazon tends to cancel orders until all funds can be paid out of your account. Contact Amazon for full details of what you can do to help them create the order, so you can get it to ship. Amazon doesn't take any money from you until the item ships. For those that are not "fulfillment by Amazon," you'll have to wait at least 30 minutes for the item to complete the transaction - These Marketplace sellers don't see any of your order until that window is clear.
Given that trust, Amazon has only escalated up its expansion into more industries and markets over the years, with that expansion accelerating since the introduction of the first Amazon Echo speaker with Alexa a little less than four years ago. To fully comprehend just how big the company has grown over the last 25 years, we’ve put together a guide on every major sector, product category, and market Amazon has entered into either by developing its own products or services, or by acquiring an existing provider with an established position.
The difference is that Amazon has data to prove what’s popular and easy to sell, and free shipping to get people to buy it online instead of in the store. (That’s gotten the attention of the European Commission, which is looking into whether Amazon is harming competition by using data from its sellers to develop its own products.) You can now buy Amazon-produced electric kettles, toasters, office chairs, knife sets, neoprene dumbbells, comforters, suitcases — name a product you’d find in a Walmart, and it’s probably already made and sold under the AmazonBasics name. Earlier this month, the company started selling its own mattress, striking fear in the direct-to-consumer mattress startup market dominated by Casper and Tuft & Needle.
Amazon allows users to submit reviews to the web page of each product. Reviewers must rate the product on a rating scale from one to five stars. Amazon provides a badging option for reviewers which indicate the real name of the reviewer (based on confirmation of a credit card account) or which indicate that the reviewer is one of the top reviewers by popularity. Customers may comment or vote on the reviews, indicating whether they found a review helpful to them. If a review is given enough "helpful" hits, it appears on the front page of the product. In 2010, Amazon was reported as being the largest single source of Internet consumer reviews.[123]
Quick-Step flooring has earned the prestigious FloorScore certification for indoor air quality by passing the most stringent tests in the world. All Quick-Step products are officially FloorScore certified, giving families living on our flooring peace of mind that they are bringing a product into their home that meets strict indoor air quality standards.
Twitch is a live streaming platform for video, primarily oriented towards video gaming content. The service was first established as a spin-off of a general-interest streaming service known as Justin.tv. Its prominence was eclipsed by that of Twitch, and Justin.tv was eventually shut down by its parent company in August 2014 in order to focus exclusively on Twitch.[104] Later that month, Twitch was acquired by Amazon for $970 million.[105] Through Twitch, Amazon also owns Curse, Inc., an operator of video gaming communities and a provider of VoIP services for gaming.[106] Since the acquisition, Twitch began to sell games directly through the platform,[107] and began offering special features for Amazon Prime subscribers.[108]
With over 230 million active customer accounts, the online giant, Amazon, is the most popular online store at the time of publication, and even ranks as one of the ten most popular websites on the entire Internet. Even if Amazon's own warehouses don't have what you're looking for, one of its third-party Marketplace sellers might -- though potentially at a high price. Whether you want to shop from Amazon directly or in the Marketplace, head to Amazon's website to start browsing the shelves or use a sky mall that curates different products from Amazon.
Currently, individuals can sell goods in some 20 categories, while professional sellers have been approved to sell items in more than 15 additional categories. Individual-approved categories include books, consumer electronics, tools and home improvement, and toys and games. On the other hand, professionals must meet various requirements to sell beauty products, clothing, fine art and wine.
Use apps to check prices in real-time. “The app ShopSavvy is really useful when you’re out shopping in stores because you can scan the barcode on items and see if there is a better deal elsewhere,” says Palmer of Nerdwallet. Woroch is also a fan of ShopSavvy, as well as Flipp, which provides circulars all in one place so you can quickly compare to plan your shopping trip strategically.
discount overstock com store shopping online good or bad | shopping online for clothing shopping online on ebay
Amazon, seeing the obvious opportunity here, reportedly outbid none other than Google to become Twitch’s parent company three years later, with the AWS infrastructure a big part of why Twitch CEO Emmett Shear decided to take the deal. Now, four years later, Twitch has outlasted both YouTube and Facebook’s attempts to snatch away its market share and, given the popularity of titles like Epic Games’ Fortnite, has become an even more integral fixture of modern online life and youth culture. Amazon has more recently integrated Twitch into its Prime subscription, giving subscribers free games and complementary channel subscriptions.
World-famous action movie and television star Chuck Norris has stood behind the Total Gym exercise machine for more than 30 years. The Total Gym provides a complete exercise experience in one simple product. Because the product is able to fold out to become different machines, this gym allows a person to stay in peak physical condition without wasting a lot of money. Norris himself is world famous for his physique and has used the Total Gym for decades to maintain that condition.
Suzanne Somers is a well-known actress and singer who remains fit and gorgeous well into her 60s. One of the big reasons for her physical fitness is the line of exercise equipment she has promoted, including such As Seen on TV products as the Thigh Master and the EZ Gym. The variety of different exercise equipment has since been adopted by many enthusiasts across the world, all with excellent results.
In early 2018, President Donald Trump repeatedly criticized Amazon's use of the United States Postal Service and pricing of its deliveries, stating, "I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy," Trump tweeted. "Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne [sic] by the American Taxpayer."[167] Amazon's shares fell by 6 percent as a result of Trump's comments. Shepard Smith of Fox News disputed Trump's claims and pointed to evidence that the USPS was offering below market prices to all customers with no advantage to Amazon. However, analyst Tom Forte pointed to the fact that Amazon's payments to the USPS are not public and that their contract has a reputation for being "a sweetheart deal".[168][169]
Receive free products and exclusive discounts from Amazon with Amazon Giveaways! Click here to find thousands of current Amazon Giveaways that are added and updated every day. No purchase is necessary to win, and you can even score exclusive coupons for up to 40% off just for entering! It's really that easy, sow hat are you waiting for? Click here to get your amazing freebies today!
Bezos selected the name Amazon by looking through the dictionary; he settled on "Amazon" because it was a place that was "exotic and different", just as he had envisioned for his Internet enterprise. The Amazon River, he noted, was the biggest river in the world, and he planned to make his store the biggest bookstore in the world.[25] Additionally, a name that began with "A" was preferential due to the probability it would occur at the top of an alphabetized list.[25] Bezos placed a premium on his head start in building a brand and told a reporter, "There's nothing about our model that can't be copied over time. But you know, McDonald's got copied. And it's still built a huge, multibillion-dollar company. A lot of it comes down to the brand name. Brand names are more important online than they are in the physical world."[26]
At first I thought, why do I need amazon on my tv? But then, I thought, of course I need amazon on my tv! It’s actually pretty handy, and I’m not talking about just ordering shows or movies. If you just want to look at something quickly, there’s no need to fire up the computer or tablet or look for your phone (which I can never find quickly). If you want to show someone a product, poof, it’s on the tv which is so much easier to look at than my tiny phone screen! Also, if you use your alexa voice control, it’s all hand free. Admittedly, mine often has to be told a couple of times and the transition isn’t seemless by any means, but in all, it works out pretty well when I remember it’s available!
Before you can sell your goods on Amazon, you need to create a store through Seller Central. As a seller, you have the choice of creating either an individual or professional account. While individuals can list their goods for free, selling as a professional costs $39.99 a month plus additional fees based on the value of the final sale. Individuals typically pay $0.99 per item sold in addition to variable fees based on an item’s category.
Nail your timing. While it can be valuable to be one of the first in line for limited-quantity products, if you’re going to shop online on Black Friday, timing may not actually matter all that much. According to data from deal-finding browser extension Honey, online purchases spike well after sunrise. “On Black Friday, spending peaked at 11 a.m. PST in Los Angeles and at 12 p.m. EST in New York City,” says Kelly Parisi, Vice President of Communications at Honey.
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQAmazon (company)1994 establishments in Washington (state)3D publishingAmerican companies established in 1994Android (operating system) softwareArts and crafts retailersBookstores of the United StatesCloud computing providersE-book suppliersInternet properties established in 1994IOS softwareMobile phone manufacturersMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesOnline music storesOnline retailers of the United StatesRetail companies established in 1994Review websitesSelf-publishing companiesSoftware companies based in SeattleSoftware companies established in 1994Technology companies established in 1994TvOS softwareUniversal Windows Platform appsWebby Award winners
That’s a lot of people to compete with, but it can pay off. While smaller items like clothing, consumables, and books won’t see that large of a price cut, Black Friday is still worth the pre-dawn alarm if you’re after deals on big-ticket items. Think: Household appliances, grills, TVs, and other electronics. “Stores use the doorbusters to whip you into a bargain-shopping frenzy in hopes that you'll buy more than the advertised bargains,” says Lisa Lee Freeman, co-host of the Hot Shopping Tips podcast. “The stores often barely break even or even lose money on doorbuster specials, but they make it back when shoppers stick around and buy other items that may not be such great deals.”
In July 1995, the company began service as an online bookstore.[31] The first book sold on Amazon.com was Douglas Hofstadter's Fluid Concepts and Creative Analogies: Computer Models of the Fundamental Mechanisms of Thought.[32] In the first two months of business, Amazon sold to all 50 states and over 45 countries. Within two months, Amazon's sales were up to $20,000/week.[33] In October 1995, the company announced itself to the public.[34] In 1996, it was reincorporated in Delaware. Amazon issued its initial public offering of stock on May 15, 1997, at $18 per share, trading under the NASDAQ stock exchange symbol AMZN.[35]
Amazon Studios, which was founded in 2010 to compete with Hulu and Netflix in original programming, has become a powerhouse in Hollywood, taking home both Emmys and Oscars and growing into a staple of the modern entertainment diet of many Americans. Rounding out its position in digital media is the FireTV streaming device, which Amazon first launched in 2014 to compete with Apple, Roku, and other set-top box makers. The product has since been shrunk into a skinny HDMI stick — Amazon still sells the box and now also a small, square-shaped Fire TV Cube — and it remains one of the best-selling consumer electronics devices on Amazon.com.
Amazon, with its unfettered access to troves of valuable consumer and seller data, came upon a rather interesting business model around 2009, when it launched a private label division under the name AmazonBasics. It started first with the items the company noticed people most often purchased without thinking too hard about the brand name, like batteries and HDMI cables. But as The New York Times reported this past summer, this proved to be a way to fast track a fledgling product category into a massive money-making top seller — AmazonBasics’ AA batteries now outsell Duracell and Energizer on Amazon.com after just a few years.
Amazon's state sales tax collection policy has changed over the years since it did not collect any sales taxes in its early years. In the U.S., state and local sales taxes are levied by state and local governments, not at the federal level. In most countries where Amazon operates, a sales tax or value added tax is uniform throughout the country, and Amazon is obliged to collect it from all customers. Proponents of forcing Amazon.com to collect sales tax—at least in states where it maintains a physical presence—argue the corporation wields an anti-competitive advantage over storefront businesses forced to collect sales tax.[165]
Amazon.com operates retail websites for Sears Canada, Bebe Stores, Marks & Spencer, Mothercare, and Lacoste. For a growing number of enterprise clients, including the UK merchants Marks & Spencer, Benefit Cosmetics' UK entity, edeals.com and Mothercare, Amazon provides a unified multichannel platform where a customer can interact with the retail website, standalone in-store terminals or phone-based customer service agents. Amazon Web Services also powers AOL's Shop@AOL.[citation needed]
Foregoing private stores or other online alternatives, a large number of individuals and businesses prefer to sell through Amazon.com. With more than 95 million unique visitors each month, Amazon can be an ideal place for vendors looking to increase sales or simply unload items they no longer want or need. And because Amazon enjoys a generally positive reputation with its customers, the site can be a great place for sellers to build brand recognition for their businesses.
If you missed the phone number on that infomercial the last time it came onto your screen, Collections Etc. is always expanding our online As Seen on TV catalog to include the latest, greatest and hardest to find products. The next time you see something on the screen that you have to have, head to our store to buy it securely online or through our catalog. Collections Etc. is happy to offer great prices, easy ordering and lower prices for members on unique As Seen on TV products for your home!
short stories morals shopping online for women's clothes | shopping online credit shopping online vs in store
With all the reasons to celebrate and get ready for dress season, we're coming in full swing with spring dresses for prom, graduation dresses, and crowd pleasing wedding guest dresses. The wildest time of the year is soon to follow with festival season! We'll be dressing down in stunning swimwear & rocking our hottest outfits to feel that festival fire under the desert sun. See you there, babe!
In 2015, Amazon surpassed Walmart as the most valuable retailer in the United States by market capitalization.[11] Amazon is the third most valuable public company in the United States (behind Apple and Microsoft),[12] the largest Internet company by revenue in the world, and after Walmart, the second largest employer in the United States.[13] In 2017, Amazon acquired Whole Foods Market for $13.4 billion, which vastly increased Amazon's presence as a brick-and-mortar retailer.[14] The acquisition was interpreted by some as a direct attempt to challenge Walmart's traditional retail stores.[15]
In addition to strict acceptance to be sold by As Seen On TV Incorporated, Telebrands and other distributers, the most successful products have almost always served to provide a solution to a common problem - and this has inspired inventors worldwide to share their creations and push the industry. The industry leaders have always been smart when it comes to marketing, and have recently started making more of a transition towards ecommerce – using micro websites to push their products, and making good use of affiliate programs. Infomercials now support awareness in addition to creating it.
A 2015 front-page article in The New York Times profiled several former Amazon employees[192] who together described a "bruising" workplace culture in which workers with illness or other personal crises were pushed out or unfairly evaluated.[11] Bezos responded by writing a Sunday memo to employees,[193] in which he disputed the Times's account of "shockingly callous management practices" that he said would never be tolerated at the company.[11]
Kevin Harrington and our award-winning independent media production company are leaders in direct response television (DRTV). Kevin is the pioneer of the As Seen On TV empire and an original Shark from the Emmy award winning show, Shark Tank. He’s the Co-Executive Producer and mastermind behind AsSeenOnTV.pro, DRTV campaigns. Kevin’s 30+ year track record of success amounting to over 5 billion dollars in global sales, coupled with the expertise of our production team, catapults products to the next level.
In the Title and Pictures Below. Amazing Spider-Man #252 CGC 9.8 Signature Autograph STAN LEE 1st Black Costume. Ties with Marvel Team-Up #141 for. 1st Appearance of the Black Costume. Amazing Fantasy #15 Cover Swipe!! You must check out my other Auctions. I take great pride in my store and believe its offers many 1 of a kind items.
Please read the about me to get to know me better. This Item is hard to photo so trust in my feedback that this is the Real Deal. Please make sure to check out my other auctions. Thank you for your patience, your order will still be received in a timely fashion and in the condition described in the listing, however it might take a little longer than normal for you to be able to follow the history of the package especially if you live on the West Coast. If you have any questions about this please send me a message.
The item "Amazing Spider-Man #252 CGC 9.8 Signature Autograph STAN LEE+ 1st Black Costume" is in sale since Thursday, December 14, 2017. This item is in the category "Collectibles\Comics\Bronze Age (1970-83)\Superhero\Spider-Man". The seller is "pyrocomics" and is located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. This item can be shipped to North, South, or Latin America, all countries in Europe, all countries in continental Asia, Australia, South africa, New Zealand.
Do you mind if I quote a few of your posts as long as I provide credit and sources back to your webpage ? My blog site is in the very same area of interest as yours and my users would really benefit from some of the information you present here. Please let me know if this ok with you. Thank you ! Feel free to visit my blog post - buy backlinks
Maybe it’s the WWII element, or maybe it’s just Bill Nighy, but I would watch this movie right this second. Sure, it looks a little cheesy, but what war drama doesn’t, when it comes down to it. This at least looks like a different viewpoint on events, and I just love the Blitz story line, I think it’s some of the most compelling stuff from the era. I really hope this film takes off; I think it just might have the power.
Many people now expect to live to a greater age than their parents or grandparents and to enjoy a far higher standard of living. In practice, this will only be possible if they have arranged their affairs to ensure that capital resources are maximized during their working years, then a strategy adopted in retirement which will sustain that capital and their income for as long as possible. This is the essence of professional financial planning.
Personal financial planning is the process to help you achieve your lifestyle needs, goals and objectives through the proper management of your finances. Professional, objective and quality financial planning advice is critical to help sort through the often complex maze of financial products and services. As a process, it is ongoing and to maximize the benefits of financial planning, you should think of your plan as a ‘moving target’ – not usually something you can ‘set and forget’. You can be sure the future will hold the unexpected or unplanned, either through changes to your personal circumstances, legislation or the investment environment. As far as possible, your plan should be able to adapt to change, and confident investors appreciate the importance of understanding the impact of their decisions, in creating a comfortable future for themselves and their families. Allowing you to see your financial decisions in the big picture gives direction and meaning to those decisions.
To help achieve the best results for you, we often work closely in conjunction with your Accountant and Solicitor. This can be particularly important if you already have an existing close relationship with these professionals and your financial plan/advice needs to be cohesively formulated with existing strategies. For example, we do not prepare your tax returns but we do help you plan the best overall tax strategy, and we take the initiative in bringing to your attention, ideas which will help your achieve your Financial Planning objectives.
While we can take a comprehensive view of your personal situation, ultimately our expertise focus is on Investing. Our flexible approach allows us to work with a range of investors in different circumstances – from wealth accumulators to the wealthy. We can offer efficient and effective portfolios for those still building their wealth and have developed a unique, sophisticated portfolio management services for high net-worth clients with direct share portfolios. This service is particularly valued by investors that expect Independence and a high level of specialist expertise and service.
The financial planning software package we use is one of the most preferred programs for financial planning in Australia providing leading-edge enterprise solutions to professionally and efficiently meet the needs of our clients.
Most of the work undertaken is on a Fee for Service basis. Every client’s fees are individually calculated. When calculating your applicable fee, we factor in the segments of advice being addressed, the services being provided, our complexities, and add a factor to account for the amount being invested. These factors are the main determinate in the amount of time we need to spend on your work and the level of expertise required. The benefit of our service and pricing model are:
We offer a no obligation and free one hour initial meeting to prospective clients as an opportunity for you to learn more about our financial planning processes and services and for us to gauge if we feel our financial planning services are potentially beneficial for you.
In this meeting we will find out your reasons for seeking advice and obtain an overview of your personal and financial position. You will have the opportunity to ask questions of us.
Following this meeting, we will forward a proposal to you outlining the Advice process and as far as possible, indicative fees. Once you agree to the advice process as proposed and paid the initial instalment fee, we can get to work.
Where there are many options or complexities to your situation, a staged approach to the advice process allows us to consider relevant matters at a higher level first (General Advice), before we start drilling down into the detail (Personal Advice).
1. Collecting personal information about you so we can ensure the General Advice we provide is relevant and useful.
2. Consideration given to the information about you to help determine possible strategies. This may result in a number of potential scenarios. To help with this analysis, we would usually use our financial planning software to help ‘number crunch’ over many years.
3. Having meetings as necessary to consider the high-level strategy options that are relevant and useful to you. Providing the information as needed either orally or in a summarized written format.
• take a lot of factual information that is disconnected and start to put it into context with each other.
• gain a clearer understanding of the strategies you may like to consider further, and hence determine the scope of the Personal Advice.
• It can also help to better prioritize your personal needs and objectives which is an important component in receiving Personal Advice.
Note: It is important to understand that General advice is not Personal advice. You must be aware that at this stage, your personal objectives, financial situation or needs have not yet been considered. You would need to consider the appropriateness of the general advice in light of your own objectives, financial situation or needs before acting on the advice. And you would need to further consider the implications of the disposal or acquisition of any financial product involved.
4. Preparing the Personal Advice. It is at this level, that we can ensure all aspects of your personal situation (as per the agreed scope of advice) are considered and the recommendations refined to be specific to you. In preparing personal advice, we would:
5. Presenting the Personal Advice to you as a written document called a Statement of Advice. Depending on circumstances, we will either have another meeting to present the Statement of Advice (SoA) or post / email it to you. We will ensure you are comfortable with your plan and understand the advantages, disadvantages and projected outcomes.
Note: In some cases, the General Advice component may not be needed, and it is possible to move directly to providing Personal Advice and the relevant Statement of Advice.
Where changes to financial products are involved, it is likely that we will need to implement the recommendations made. Implementation may include:
• our time for the work involved in managing the implementation of the recommendations agreed upon and most costs incurred by us
• our involvement with other third parties and professionals (when necessary) to help ensure the details of your strategies are coordinated
• our professionalism and expertise in ensuring all aspects of your strategy are implemented in the most appropriate means possible
• minor changes to our recommendations if your circumstances change suddenly and a review of the overall plan is required
• It does not cover costs/fees resulting from the actions required, for example: broker fees for share trades.
Changes in your personal situation, financial markets and legislation may occur over time. We have retained extensive flexibility in the services we can provide to help ensure your plan remains appropriate and your investments are being appropriately managed.
This flexibility enables us to provide the advice and service that is of maximum benefit vs cost value to you.
Arch Financial Planners treats each client as an individual and tailors solutions to meet their specific needs. When calculating your applicable fee, we define the areas of advice, services being provided and factor in your complexities.
This fee is to help cover the initial work involved in preparing the Advice (General Advice or Personal Advice) and is rebated against the Advice fee. In situations where more time is involved or there is more than one strategy meeting, we may have more than one instalment fee.
This fee covers our time for the work involved in preparing the Advice. Before work commences, a fee range will be calculated and noted on the “Completion of Advice Agreement” signed by you or will be advised in a Proposal Letter. The Instalment Fees will be rebated against the Advice fee. You will receive an invoice for the Advice Fee (less Instalment Fees paid) on completion of the Advice and is payable within 14 days.
You will receive an invoice for this Implementation/ Investment Takeover fee and is payable within 14 days.
This fee is an annual fee for the provision of the ongoing service. The Service year commences at the time you commence implementation.
The level of service we agree to provide on an ongoing basis will be dependent upon your individual needs. It is important that the level of service is appropriate to ensure both strategies and investments remain relevant.
Many clients find enormous value in the peace of mind of knowing their investments are being professionally managed. But we are also astutely aware that the overall costs of managing investments needs to be reasonable in relation to the amount of funds you have invested, the level of control it is expected that should be retained, and any additional risk management strategies being applied.
Our involvement in the portfolio management process could range from the minimal service level which provides an annual portfolio review, to the highest level of Individually Managed Accounts (IMA), which are portfolios consisting of primarily listed securities. Investments in IMA’s are considered weekly.
Once an invoice for our ongoing financial planning service fee has been issued, there may be a number of ways you may choose to pay, for example:
• Arrange for it to be paid as a monthly direct credit from your cash management account. We often establish a cash management account as your financial hub.
Hi! I am Susan Gates— Writer & a photographer. Join me as I share great stories, amazing photos, incredible travel life and awesome tips for people who love to travel the world!
It is common to use a full set of clothing, including underwear, socks or stockings, and sometime even shoes if so desired.
This Book of Memories memorial website is designed to be a permanent tribute paying tribute to the life and memory of Marcella Doud. It allows family and friends a place to re-visit, interact with each other, share and enhance this tribute for future generations. We are both pleased and proud to provide the Book of Memories to the families of our community.
This Book of Memories memorial website allows family and friends a place to re-visit, share and enhance this tribute for future generations.
Thinking about taking a good old road trip but not sure if your car is up to the challenge? Well we’ve put together a list of 10 cars that are not only up for it, but seriously capable no matter the test!
With trucks, SUVs, and even some sedans, there is a good fit for pretty much everyone on this list! We review pricing, style, performance, and most impotrantly when it comes to road trips, fuel efficiency.
From fuel sipping diesels to high strung sports cars, whatever kind of adventure you are looking for, we have got you covered fully. Check out our 10 favorite summer rides.
About The 2019 Hyundai Veloster is the second installment in a daring and quirky series by a company not afraid to think outside the box. This head-turning yet practical...
What to do when your heater is blowing cold air In winter, there is nothing worse than cranking up your heat only to discover that the heater is blowing cold air instead of the warm air you expected. When this Read more…
How To Lower Your Electric Bill This Winter In Arizona When the temperatures fall in Arizona, the electric bills often rise and people find themselves looking for ways on how to lower your electric bill and be a more energy Read more…
At Air & Water Factor Cooling, we get many questions about choosing one ac brand over another. Here are five things you need to know when purchasing a Trane or Carrier air conditioning system. 1. Your house is UNIQUE!!! Brands Read more…
Many folks in Arizona have big ugly rust streaks on the exterior wall of there homes. The question is…Why? Well usually this is caused by a clogged drain line. If the indoor section of your air conditioner is in the Read more…
Air Conditioning in Phoenix Many of our customers looking for new air conditioning in Phoenix, Ahwatukee, Chandler, Mesa, Gilbert and Scottsdale, become very concerned with the brand or the manufacturer. At Air and Water Factor Cooling Heating and Plumbing, we Read more…
Quite often people living in Arizona use electric space heaters to supplement their in-home heating during the cold winter months. But did you know that the majority of home house fires that occur between October through April are due to Read more…
All aluminum housing fits in crankcase breather line. Prevents oil from being forced out the oil crankcase breather tube. Allows free breathing of engine. Recommended by B. Rutan for installation on VE/LE. Applicable to all homebuilts. Continental - 5/8" in and out, 1/4" return. Lycoming - 3/4" in and out, 1/4" return.
Thanks for posting a classic example of the 47% who take no responsibility for their lives ( and won't vote for Romney)
When you have a fire in an aircraft, there’s no place to go, exactly, there’s no — and you can’t find any oxygen from outside the aircraft to get in the aircraft, because the windows don’t open. I don’t know why they don’t do that. It’s a real problem. So it’s very dangerous. And she was choking and rubbing her eyes. Fortunately, there was enough oxygen for the pilot and copilot to make a safe landing in Denver. But she’s safe and sound.
Air Conditioner Not Working in North Haledon – The weather is starting to warm up. It’s not at record setting numbers yet but don’t wait until the last minute to get your Air Conditioner checked out. Your Air Conditioner needs to be checked every so often to ensure that you are getting most out of your unit. Basic repair can make all the difference for your unit. For those who have central AC, this is an essential! If you live in Passaic County we are here to help!
If you just purchased your home and you want to make sure that the units that were already installed in to the home are up to par, we’re here to help. Maybe your new home doesn’t have central AC. If it doesn’t, give us a call and we’ll give you a proper estimate for your new central AC Unit. No job is too big or too small. Our team of technicians are here to get the job done and make sure that you have a cool summer!
Air Conditioner Not Working in North Haledon? Get in contact with us and we’ll set up an appointment to troubleshoot your unit as soon as possible.
Names of Dead Airmen in Helo Crash: At the top of the June 11 column was an item on the death of four airmen in an HH-60G rescue helicopter crash in southeastern Afghanistan. Killed in the June 9 crash were: 1st Lt. Joel C. Gentz, 25, of Grass Lake, Mich., assigned to the 58th Rescue Squadron, Nellis AFB, Nev.; TSgt. Michael P. Flores, 31, of San Antonio, 48th RQS, Davis-Monthan AFB, Ariz.; SSgt. David C. Smith, 26, of Eight Mile, Ala., 66th RQS, Nellis; and SrA. Benjamin D. White, 24, of Erwin, Tenn., 48th RQS, Davis-Monthan. Gentz and White were on their first combat deployments, while Flores and Smith had previously served in the war theater, the Las Vegas Sun reported June 10, citing Nellis officials. Three additional airmen assigned to the 66th RQS were injured in the crash. (See Arizona Daily Star report and Detroit Free Press report.)
Click on the ads on the blog to support the Syrian refugee babies. Fund raised here will be spent to buy milk and diapers for babies.
We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve user experience. This includes personalising content and advertising. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, revised Privacy Policy.
VOTED BEST BRUNCH (honorable mention) 2012...BUFFET (honorable mention) 2012...VIEW (honorable mention) 2013 - Howard Magazine....VOTED TOP 10 BEST BRUNCHES in Baltimore - Open Table 2012....We didn't just renovate. We reinvented! Introducing new signature dishes, steakhouse selections, & entree tasting plates....Champagne Sunday brunch...Outdoor dining with a firepit & spectacular views.....Private events...Monthly tastings & events. This establishment is a certified Healthy Howard Healthy Restaurant.
Please select African American Bagel Bar/Pub Barbecue Cajun/Creole Caribbean Chinese Coffee Shop Deli Dinner Theater French Fusion Greek Healthy Choice Indian Italian Japanese Korean Mediterranean Mexican Middle Eastern Other Peruvian Raw Bar Southwestern Spanish Steakhouse Sweet Treats Thai Vietnamese Wine Bar
Please select Clarksville Columbia Cooksville Dayton Elkridge Ellicott City Fulton Glenelg Glenwood Highland Jessup Laurel Lisbon Marriottsville mt airy Mt. Airy Savage Scaggsville West Friendship Woodbine Woodstock
Please select Bakery Breakfast Burgers Crabcakes Crabs (steamed) Fried Chicken Hot Dogs Ice Cream &/or Frozen Yogurt Other Pizza Ribs Salads Sandwiches Seafood Steak Sub Sandwiches Sushi Tacos Tapas Vegetarian Wings y z
I had no idea about the fact that it would come in such a fancy box as my Xi1 cutter just was in the normal little rectangular Xikar box. I'm assuming this is because the Xikar "Phantom" Xi3 is one of their more luxurious cutters yes?? Or do all Xi3's come in fancy ass boxes? Lol.
Most helium on the planet is really a results of radioactive decay. Helium is present in significant quantities in minerals of uranium and thorium, such as cleveite, pitchblende, carnotite and monazite, given that they emit alpha particles (helium nuclei, He2+) to which electrons immediately Mix as soon as the particle is stopped through the rock. In this manner an believed 3000 metric a great deal of helium are produced per year through the lithosphere.[one hundred fifteen][116][117] From the Earth's crust, the concentration of helium is 8 elements for each billion.
So, in idea, forty bits of information is remaining lost. Which’s only one pixel. Now we have about ten billion pictures stored in our archives at our healthcare technique by itself.
Gradient coils add posture information and facts towards the sign. The loud sound MRI machines make could be the vibration on the gradient coils, a result of rapidly switching electromagnetic fields.
Basic Electric powered lose extra of its significant property, announcing ideas to Forged absent its Chicago-based mostly overall health care enterprise and promote its pursuits in the oil-solutions company, Baker Hughes.
Just before application engineering revolutionized health care imaging, Physicians relied on dissection and public demonstrations to learn about human anatomy.
Much more h2o signifies additional hydrogen atoms. In the event the NMR machine was switched off, the bathtub of radio waves from cancerous tissue will linger more time then Individuals from the wholesome tissue.
To restore subject homogeneity a list of shim coils is A part of the scanner. These are definitely resistive coils, usually at home temperature, capable of manufacturing discipline corrections dispersed as numerous orders of spherical harmonics.[43]
For a more authoritative but more mature 1996 pie chart showing U.S. helium use by sector, demonstrating A lot the identical consequence, see the chart reproduced in "Programs" portion of this short article.
Liquid helium down below its lambda point (named helium II) reveals quite abnormal attributes. Due to its higher thermal conductivity, when it boils, it does not bubble but fairly evaporates directly from its floor.
For these explanations plus the compact sizing of helium monatomic molecules, helium diffuses as a result of solids in a charge three times that of air and about sixty five% that of hydrogen.[twenty]
Be aware: Many of the rotors in these pictures have been purposely blurred to shield The shopper's item structure.
If the radio frequency pulse is turned off, the transverse vector ingredient makes an oscillating magnetic industry which induces a little recent during the receiver coil. This sign is known as the totally free induction decay (FID). In an idealized nuclear magnetic resonance experiment, the FID decays approximately exponentially using a time continual T2.
He took a different tune even though serving underneath previous CEO Jeff Immelt, who was an advocate for some great benefits of with the ability to faucet into the guardian firm's resources and Rewards. Some parts where the wellness-care unit could seek out acquisitions involve mobile therapy, artificial intelligence and machine Studying.
The whole process may be repeated when some this contact form T1-relaxation has happened along with the thermal equilibrium with the spins has been kind of restored. The repetition time next (TR) is some time concerning two successive excitations of exactly the same slice.[4]
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with the hosting this Tribute Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded in the Book of Memories and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the family and friends of George Creamer can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each other and enhance this tribute for future generations.
George Wilburn Creamer, Jr., age 82, of Eastpoint passed away Tuesday, July 10, 2018 in Jacksonville. He was born in Eastpoint, October 29, 1935 to the late George Wilburn Creamer, Sr. and Mary Virginia (Segree) Creamer. He proudly served in the United States Air Force and was a retired Postmaster. He was of the Assembly of God faith.
Survivors include his wife, Maxine Creamer of Eastpoint; two sons, George Miles Creamer and George Buckley Creamer and his wife, Melissa, also of Eastpoint; two daughters, Virginia Gail Capps and her husband, Jonathan of Cleveland, Tennessee and Cynthia Maxine Creamer of Eastpoint; six grandchildren, Valentino, Gabrielle, Abigail, Annalyse, Grace, and Trulee; and one great grandchild, Elisha; brothers, Greg Creamer and his wife, Barbara of St. Petersburg and Doug Creamer and wife, Gwen of Eastpoint; and a sister, Fay Burton and her husband, Orlis of Monroe, Tennessee.
A graveside service will be held in Eastpoint Cemetery, Friday, July 13, 11:00 a.m. ET with Reverend Bobby Shiver officiating.
Adams Funeral Home in Blountstown is assisting the family with the arrangements and you may offer the family condolences online at adamsfh.com.
To send flowers to the family of George Wilburn Creamer Jr., please visit our Heartfelt Sympathies Store.
Sunny, summer weather sets the perfect backdrop for any wedding. However, an outdoor ceremony risks a makeup meltdown during this time of year. But your makeup should withstand not only heat but also tears, and anything else your wedding day throws at you. here are some face-saving tips and advice for (more…)
If we do not show a keen interest in the lives of our own children how do we expect them to have a balanced upbringing?
Your search results contain properties from MLS boards that do not allow commingling of properties with other MLS boards.
The results displayed on the map and in the detailed results are limited to one or more MLS boards that may be displayed together.
To view results from other MLS boards please change the Provided By option directly to the right of this message.
Include properties in or any of your selected locations? Include only properties that are in both and
Tell me who I will be photographing! And maybe something fun like the thing you're most looking forward to about summer! *
​in the event the mini session is canceled due to rain, sessions will be reschedule at a later date but will not be at the carnival.
This update method can be used if your PS4™ system is not connected to the Internet. Download the update file to your computer, and then save it on a USB storage device. Copy the saved file to the system storage of your PS4™ system to update the system. Update using the Internet. The following things are needed to perform the update: PlayStation ® 4 system Internet connection (wired or wireless) Before using the network update feature, you must configure your PS4™ systemDriver asuss network settings. For details, refer to the userDriver asuss guide for your PS4™ system. From the function screen, select (Settings) > [System Software Update] to make sure your system has the latest version of the system software. You can continue to use your system while downloading. If there is an update file for a later version, it automatically downloads. When downloading is complete, a notification message appears in the upper left corner of the screen. Select the message under (Notifications) while viewing the function area, and then follow the on-screen instructions to perform the installation.
Update using a disc. The following things are needed to perform the update: PlayStation ® 4 system A disc that contains an update file. When you play a disc that contains a later version of the system software, a screen appears to guide you through the update process. Follow the on-screen instructions to perform the update. Update using a computer. For the standard update procedure, follow the steps below. Visit here for the procedure to initialize your PS4™ system and perform a new installation of the system software, such as for when you replace the hard disk drive. The following things are needed to perform the update: PlayStation ® 4 system Computer connected to the Internet USB storage device, such as a USB* flash drive * There must be approximately 460 MB of free space. On the USB storage device, create folders for saving the update file. Using a computer, create a folder named "PS4". Inside that folder, create another folder named "UPDATE". Download the update file, and save it in the "UPDATE" folder you created in step 1. Save the file with the file name "PS4UPDATE.PUP". Click to start the download. Connect the USB storage device to your PS4™ system, and then from the function screen, select (Settings) > [System Software Update]. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the update. If your PS4™ system does not recognize the update file, check that the folder names and file name are correct. Enter the folder names and file name in single-byte characters using uppercase letters. Perform a New Installation of the System Software. This procedure is for initializing your PS4™ system and performing a new installation of the system software, such as for when you replace the hard disk drive. Be careful when using an update file for reinstallation. All users and all data will be deleted. The following things are needed to perform the update: PlayStation ® 4 system Computer connected to the Internet USB storage device, such as a USB* flash drive * There must be approximately 1.1 GB of free space.
First, make sure you have all the facts. Sometimes an accusation of bullying can seem straightforward, but then turns out to be more multidimensional once you understand the full context. Your job, of course, is to support your child. Sometimes it will be clear that he or she is the victim and needs your protection. Other times, however, you will learn that she is caught up in “drama” and has played an active role, rather than being simply at the mercy of bullies. Job number one, then, is to make sure that you have as thorough an understanding of the situation as possible. It’s important to protect your child but it’s also important not to cry wolf. If what’s happening really is bullying, the more specific examples you can cite, the better for making your case.
Even legitimate complaints can boomerang in bad ways if not carefully framed. If school officials are not responding the way you think they should, you may have to keep pushing by going up the chain of command. But remember: school officials are people, too, with a heaping plate of responsibilities and limited time, and the more you respect the role they play, the more likely they will be to sympathize. What I mean is, give them the benefit of the doubt and save the frontal attack for when you feel you have no other choice.
A lot of bullying doesn’t happen at school these days, though, right? So what do I do if my kid is being bullied on line?
You can ask a social network site to take down any content that violates its rules, as many harassing posts clearly do. At Facebook, for example: When the target of an abusive post reports it himself, they will generally take his word for it. So your child should report the abuse immediately. You should also keep a record of the cruel content—even if it’s painful and you just feel like deleting it forever. It’s almost never a good idea to reply to a harassing post. If your child is having continuing trouble, I’d advise taking a break from social networking for a while (though I know that can be a hard sell!). Kids can always go back on when things have calmed down. Finally, police have the authority to address cyberbullying under the harassment laws of most states. But calling in the cops should be a thought-through decision rather than a knee-jerk reaction because it often triggers a response that’s more heavy-handed than called for.
A possibly stupid question, but: What’s the difference between general meanness between kids and true bullying — and is this a distinction that matters?
There is a difference and it does matter. Yes, absolutely. The best definition of bullying, which psychologists who do research use, is verbal or physical aggression that occurs repeatedly and involves a power differential—one or more children lording their status over another. It might seem like semantics, but that definition is helpful because it’s limiting—it makes clear that two-way, mutual conflict (kids often call it drama) is not bullying. At the same time, when bullying is going on, it’s a form of mistreatment that kids often find very upsetting and that, evidence shows, links up with serious mental health issues and low academic performance. That’s true for both bullies and targets, by the way. The point is, the bullying label is one we should use sparingly, because when it applies, it has real significance. And using it too freely can drain precious resources.
When is it okay to involve the bully’s parents? If my child is being harassed at school, is it better to call the parents, or go to the school principal?
Depends on the people involved. If you have reason to think the parents of the kid who is bullying are part of the problem, or you don’t know them, going to them directly is probably not a wise course of action. But don’t decide against it just because broaching the subject would be awkward. If you have reason to think the other parents involved are reasonable people, on the other hand, you may be able to work together for everyone’s benefit. It’s great to be able to model to your children how to resolve conflict in a healthy way. Sometimes, however, if you’re dealing with a difficult family, it makes sense to urge your child to extricate herself from a bad friendship. If she is spending a lot of time with someone who is making her feel rotten, maybe she needs to walk away.
Where do you stand on phones for kids — and relatedly, Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter? What seems to be the right age for all this stuff, and are some of these sites more common platforms for bullying than others?
When my 13-year-old son started a new school last fall, for 7th grade, my husband and I got him a phone. I felt like we’d delayed as long as reasonably possible, and that he was ready. We got him a pretty basic phone instead of a smart phone, though—one that he can text and make calls from, but that doesn’t have Internet. It’s a personal choice, but I just didn’t think he needed instant access to the web in his pocket.
For Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and the rest: Legally speaking, kids can’t sign up until they’re 13. That seems like a wise limit to me, and in fact a recent Pew survey shows that while 82 percent of 13 year olds are signed up for Facebook, only 45 percent of 12 and unders are. So this is a rule that’s being broken plenty, but at the same time still has some hold. In terms of which site is better or worse, I don’t see a lot of evidence one way or the other on this. Twitter allows for anonymity and has no explicit rule against bullying and harassment, which isn’t so hot. Facebook demands real names, doesn’t allow bullying and harassment, and has put real thought into how to respond to kids who report bullying. But the volume of posts on that site is enormous, and incredibly hard to patrol. Instagram is really starting to take off with teenagers, and preteens — even down to third and fourth-graders — and the emphasis on photos seems worrisome to me. This stuff can spiral out of control pretty easily.
Lots of parents make different choices about phones and social networking than my family has, of course. In fact, I’ve been struck by how little community consensus there is about any of this. My own feeling is that the answer should be about your kid, what you think he or she can handle, and weighing the amount of social capital the phone or the social networking has among his peers. I’m in favor of delay if you can get away with it, but not at the expense of making your kid miserable. I’d rather see parents oversee and monitor then deny kids access entirely if that becomes a huge point of conflict. In terms of monitoring, it’s easier to start strict and then ease up. The way I think about it is this: It’s a new world my kids are entering, so as they take their first steps, I want to make sure to guide them.
What anti-bullying programs have proven most effective, and how would I go about getting my kids’ school to consider adopting them?
This isn’t an exhaustive list! But to answer the question: I like the anti-bullying approach that’s part of Positive Behavioral and Interventions Supports (PBIS for short; bad name, I know). PBIS is a framework for improving school discipline, and research has shown it can reduce the rate of office referrals, suspensions and expulsions, and bullying.
CASEL: Collaborative for Academic, Social, and Emotional Learning is an umbrella group for social and emotional learning programs, which are designed to help children learn to recognize and manage their emotions so they can make responsible decisions, handle challenging situations, and calm themselves when they’re angry. Many of the programs have been evaluated and shown positive effects.
The Olweus Bullying Prevention Program, founded in Norway, works with schools on three levels—the campus, the classroom, and the individual student. In the United States, the federally-funded Blueprints for Violence Prevention assessed more than 900 programs for juveniles and chose Olweus as one of only a dozen proven to be effective, and the only program specifically directed at bullying.
Second Step and Steps to Respect, two programs from the Committee for Children in Seattle, aim to prevent bullying by strengthening the bonds between adults and children in schools. Research has shown that Steps to Respect can reduce the acceptance of bullying and aggression among participating students.
Bullyproofing Your School, a program run in conjunction with the National Center for School Engagement, is designed to battle bullying through the creation of the “caring majority”—a group of students who ensure that their school is a safe place.
One thing that comes up a lot in your book — as the ultimate bulwark against bullying — is empathy. The crucial trait, right? Can it be taught?
Yes, thank goodness. This is a key insight, one that’s at the heart of every good bullying prevention or character education effort: empathy can be taught. For a small number of kids who bully, it’s true, the inability to feel goes deep and is the hallmark of a psychopath—someone who can inflict pain without feeling an ounce of compassion or remorse. But this is exceedingly rare. Most kids do feel or can learn to be empathetic and remorseful. It’s our job as parents to help them find that capacity within themselves, and build on it.
Tags: bullying prevention, emily bazelon bullying, emily bazelon sticks and stones, sticks and stones
First, it’s my feeling that kids are allowed onto social networks far too young. I heard a psychologist one day say that kids have enough to deal with without their outside stresses invading their homes. Home should be a place to recharge and relax, so I do not allow my two to have social media accounts.
We had our first bullying problem at the beginning of the last school year. Another boy was taking my high-functioning autistic son’s lunch and throwing it in the mud. If I thought that the kid was hungry and eating it, I’d have made two lunches daily. One for my son and one for the hungry boy, no child should go hungry. But let’s be blunt, the bully was just being a jerk and throwing it in the mud.
It would have been very easy to go to the school admins. and complain, however there were other issues to consider. First there was my son losing face. Not only would this embarrass my son, but it would invite further bullying. Likely from more than just the one bully. Then there was the gift of allowing my son to stand up for himself, but how could we accomplish that without fisticuffs?
We ended up making a decoy lunch. One for my son to eat at school, another for the kid to throw in the mud. Just in case the bully decided to eat it thought, we made a special sandwich. Bologna, pepper, and horseradish. Sure enough, that day, the boy decided to eat the sandwich.
The reaction of the bully biting into it drew the teachers’ attentions. The bully was suspended for one day (my son got a detention, but he said he was proud of it), the boy never stole my son’s lunch again, and in fact, since then, the two have become friendly.
my book is en route and i am so looking forward to not only reading it but having it as a guide. You truly are so well educated on the subject matter and offer a true –pause–for the parent who is in motion.
I’ll be getting this book, pinning this article, and hoping and doing what I can to see that this scourge doesn’t infect my kid’s life in her future school years. What a great interview, thank you so much for shining more light on this incredibly important topic.
Wow, good advice. I agree each child is different and there is no “one size fits all” approach. One other recommendation, check in with your kids often. My son had someone bullying him in 7th grade. We didn’t make a big deal about, didn’t think it was a big deal. I did speak with his homeroom teacher though. Three months later I asked him about it and he told me it was still going on–every day. That’s when I spoke to the teacher and principal. My son wasn’t a squeaky wheel so we didn’t know it was still an issue. It got better after the second intervention.
There was also a cyber bullying episode. I didn’t know the kid personally but had spoken with others from the camp my son attended and felt that I could contact him myself. I very calmly pointed out that what he was engaged in was cyber bullying and told him how hurtful he was being and that I was sure he didn’t intend to be. That got an apology to Sam ( he didn’t know I had intervened) and an apology to me. Whew…
It can be hard for a parent to get the full story. First, you need a good relationship with your child. If your child’s a teenager, this can be difficult. Second, your child may be reluctant to tell you about bullying because he feels shame about it or because he feels he should take care of it himself.
She is on Fresh Air (NPR) today if anyone would like to go to the site to hear the interview. Excellent!
The importance of empathy is SO key and I feel it’s never too young to start teaching it. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve started a conversation with my son saying ‘OK, let’s pretend YOU were the boy that kept striking out at T-Ball….’ etc.
He is no where near perfect, as most 6 year olds aren’t, but I am proud to say I have seen him stand up for others when they are being teased and it makes me SO proud. And I tell him that over and over.
It’s so basic – the golden rule. We all learned it so young and yet it can be such a difficult concept. Parents MUST teach empathy.
I heard Bazelon on NPR today and actually said aloud to my 4 yr old son, “This sounds like the kind of author Andy promotes on DALS.” I am glad you have such excellent, and predictable, taste.
My kids’ elementary school has used PBIS, which Emily mentions above. It has been a wonderful program which teaches respect, responsibility and safety. The kids really internalize their own feelings and taking ownership for them, esp when their feelings and actions affect other people in a negative way. And if we’ve managed this with a bunch of tough Brooklyn kids, it’s got to work! : )
Thanks for this one guys – my kids are too little (for now!) but it’s such a hot topic, we have been having bullying prevention speakers for parents/empathy training/etc at our pre-school! As another commenter mentioned – heard her on Fresh Air today, and she was terrific. Here is a link in case anyone is interested:
http://www.npr.org/2013/02/19/172027445/todays-bullied-teens-subject-to-sticks-and-stones-online-too
I wonder about Emily Bazelon’s perspective on relational bullying. It is a less overt form of bullying, does not necessarily have the overt verbal and physical aggression, however involves rumor and covert messages that ostracize and alienate the target on often a large scale. I believe this is a form of bullying that is perhaps more prevalent form bullying then the overt forms but just as damaging.
Great interview. I have nieces and nephews in England who are in late grade school/early middle school. It is worrying to me to see kids so young with instant web access from their phones, but I also see how that’s become the “new normal” in many schools. I work in web development and I know how hard it can be to de-index unfavorable photos and comments. I appreciate Emily’s nuanced approach and look forward to reading her book.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010
You know what drives me crazy? The way the conversation about Family Dinner can insidiously slip in the Family Values direction. The scaremongery tone of all those studies telling parents that our kids are headed down paths of drugs and destruction if we don’t eat together, does nothing to help the cause. (And sounds remarkably similar to Rick Santorum telling me I’m a bad person if I have a gay uncle.) It’s why I made this bumper sticker, and why, with springtime arriving this weekend, I feel the need to remind you: Every season, every week, every night is a new season/week/night to start over. Next week, check in with DALS for a slew of Family Dinner Starter Kits meals (including sloppy joes, fish for kids, and a genius slap-it-together dinner you could probably make right this second with your empty Friday Fridge.) And read up on some strategies that will hopefully motivate you — not make you feel bad about yourself.
But, you know what — it’s Friday, so don’t make anything tonight. Have a glass of wine instead and order in. That’s what we’ll be doing.
Entre el 25 y el 29 de junio 25 jóvenes de La Asunción de Puertollano cerró el curso peregrinando a las tumba de los apóstoles en Roma.
Grade Level: Custom Range Pre-K Kindergarten Grade 1 Grade 2 Grade 3 Grade 4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Grade 8 Grade 9 Grade 10 Grade 11 Grade 12
You have been inactive for 30 minutes. Safari is about to clear your search results and reset to protect your privacy.
All lyrics are property and copyright of their respective authors, artists and labels. All lyrics provided for educational purposes only.
Well friends, Spring has certainly sprung here in Vermont! The good folks at Vermont State Parks who work year-round have literally been working all winter to get ready for our big summer operating season and it's finally here. This is the exciting time of the year when we are busy putting the final touches on our preparations for your visits! So, think spring everyone! Dig out that camping equipment, dust off your favorite hiking shoes, clean up those kayaks, and round up the beach and picnic stuff. Your parks will be ready when you are!
I saw a red fox in an unexpected place recently-the parking lot at Sand Bar State Park in the middle of the day! I was enjoying a run along Route 2, looking out at Lake Champlain, admiring the view and noticing the signs of spring, when I turned into the parking lot at Sand Bar. Suddenly, a red fox ran directly in front of me and across the parking lot. What on earth would motivate a fox to be running in a parking lot in the middle of the day? In this case, it was a large murder of crows.
A murder of crows is really a fancy name for a group of crows. People used to be very creative and poetic when creating names for groups of animals. Some other great ones include a scurry of squirrels, a bloat of hippopotamuses, a romp of otters and a skulk of foxes.
Why would a group of crows be chasing a fox? Crows are very social birds. During the winter months, they form huge flocks at night. This winter I saw a huge flock of over 1,000 individual birds flying over Interstate 89 in Randolph, Vermont. It was amazing to see that many crows soar across the winter twilight sky, all heading in the same direction. Imagine what that many crows must look like all roosting in trees in a big group!
These huge flocks offer crows protection from predators. It is true that there is safety in numbers, and flocking together protects crows from great-horned owls, raccoons, and you guessed it: red foxes. Crows can chase away predators much larger than themselves by working as a group-this group chase of a predator is called mobbing. If you had a murder of crows dive bombing you, you would agree that mobbing is indeed a perfect name for this behavior.
As winter gives way to spring, these large groups break up and crows return to their territories, build nests and begin mating. When this happens, smaller family groups form. Family groups are composed of the parent crows and last year's offspring. Sometimes the group is larger and includes offspring from previous years. Sometimes as many as five years of offspring stay in the family group to help rear the new brood. Researchers figured that these large family groups were formed because of lack of available territory for the young crows to move into.
The well known West Nile virus hit crows particularly hard with over 45% mortality in crows in the US since 1999. As you can imagine, these losses impacted the family groups. Crow researchers observed large groups of crows continuing to communally raise young. This was surprising, because they expected that new territory would open up, and the young crows would take advantage of that by raising their own young. So, they tested the crows and discovered that the survivors formed "family" groups when they were not even related to each other. That means that young crows helped other crows raise their young even though there was no genetic link between them. This is unusual in the animal kingdom.
Clearly, you can state that crows are social creatures. As we look forward to our favorite songbirds returning to their summer habitat here in Vermont, do not overlook watching one of the largest songbirds in our area, the American Crow. And, keep your eye out for the predators they are mobbing.
You can watch crows at state parks across Vermont from Fort Dummer to Crystal Lake and everywhere in between.
Ashley grew up in Isle LaMotte, Vermont, the smallest island town in northern Lake Champlain about 35 miles north of Burlington. Ashley was fortunate to have parents that encouraged exploration of the outdoors. She spent many long hours scouring for fossils along her grandparents' beach, creating forest villages with her two younger brothers and cousins, and venturing out through the woods via snowshoe past abandoned apple orchards onto the lake.
Ashley has many hobbies and passions including camping, cooking, gardening, kayaking, painting, and photography. Ashley is trying to see all of the Vermont State Parks and she only has eleven left to go out of the 52 parks! Ashley was able to give us some of her time to tell us more about herself and her time with the parks:
My mother got me started in Vermont State Parks. She monitored the wastewater operations at North Hero and Lake Carmi State Parks when I was a child. My brothers and I spent a lot of time discovering those parks! We also went camping every summer at Lake Carmi State Park. When I was 16 my mom found out there was an attendant opening at North Hero State Park and she told me to apply. Luckily, I was offered the position. That was the beginning of my journey with Vermont State Parks! Since that fateful summer, I have worked one summer at Kill Kare State Park (2001) as an attendant, and one season at Burton Island State Park(2002). While attending college at the University of Vermont for Environmental Studies, I became the Park Ranger for Kill Kare (2003-2008). Also my husband Jason and I had our wedding at Kill Kare State Park in 2007. In 2009 I switched parks and became an Assistant Ranger at Grand Isle State Park. That is a total of 12 seasons, and still counting! I really love communing with park visitors and making sure their adventures in Vermont are as memorable as mine! I also love leaving a lasting impression on my staff about what it means to work for Vermont State Parks!
My favorite Vermont State Park is Half Moon Pond State Park. I have many other favorites for numerous other reasons, but overall I thought Half Moon was amazing! My husband, Jason (who also worked for the parks) and I brought our dog Jaeger camping there in 2010. We loved how the sites were located around the pond, and the way campfire smoke slowly moved above the water like fog. The hiking trail to Bomoseen State Park was also exciting and unique! We had to watch our steps along the trail because there were so many salamanders! I just kept thinking how environmentally clean this place is! A real gem!
There is not much I would change in my job. I only wish there was a way to be a Park Ranger year-round, as I enjoy being a steward for Vermont and the environment all the time! If I could change anything about the parks, I would add more interpretive programming for children and adults. Other than personal memories, programming helps keep people interested in the outdoors.
My favorite memory while working in Vermont State Parks has to be seeing the Kill Kare State Park bathhouse (also known as The Rocky Point Hotel) being renovated! Having lived in that building for six summers I know how dear the building is to so many people, including myself. It makes me really proud of Vermont State Parks to see the work get done. Now, the beautifully finished building will continue to inspire and offer shelter to park visitors for generations more!
Another great memory is from the 2011 season at Grand Isle. I was having a campfire night for my birthday in September; all campers were welcome to attend. The evening started out with one gentleman who brought a guitar. We all laughed and giggled trying to come up with songs that everyone knew! The best part was a little girl who was so enamored at being at the Park Ranger's birthday party she talked incessantly all night long (well...until quiet hours), it was fantastic! The staff laughed for days!
Navigate a trail at night, go for a bird walk at dawn, build a fire without matches. Are you up for challenges like these? If so, the 2012 Venture Vermont Outdoor Challengeis for you! Venture Vermont is fun and easy to do. You'll never run out of ideas for fun activities, while learning, exploring and expanding your horizons.
To participate, just download a scoresheet. Choose the activities that interest you, and take photos (or have someone else take photos) of you doing each activity. When you reach 250 points, send in your score sheet and photos.
In return, you'll receive a VIP Gold Coin that will give you FREE day entry into any Vermont State Park for the rest of this year, and all of 2013!
Families really love the challenge and you'll have those photos to remember all your accomplishments. If you do the challenge as a family, you can take group photos, but you'll need to fill out a score sheet for each family member.
To see what fun last year's participants had, view this video of some of our favorite photos from 2011.
Mark is back again this year to show off his artistic skills with a chainsaw. Last year he carved bears, but who knows what he'll pick to create this season. Come watch to find out!
Take outdoor skill workshops from professional instructors. Learn GPS, photoraphy, kayaking, outdoor cooking, fishing, birding, mountain biking and more. Over 50 workshops to choose from. $175/a family, up to 8 members. Learn more or sign up!
This year, two new cabins were built at Woodford State Park and we needed a little help naming them, so, we created a contest. The park already had two cabins named after Vermont wildflowers, so we asked contestants to tell us which other Vermont native wildflowers we should name the cabins after, and their reasons for choosing that flower. Over 400 entries were received, all with great names and some with great stories, but two stood out as the winning entries.
The lucky winners will receive a free weekend stay in "their cabin" and we'll put a poster in each cabin, explaining how they got their name. There are lots of cabins in the parks, so maybe you'll get a chance to stay in one of these cabins this summer! And the winners are...
As youngsters, we were always roaming through the woods (never called the forest). We delighted in hearing the songs of the birds and the stirrings of the leaves, surprising a rodent. When we were thirsty, we cupped our hands and drank the water from a sparkling stream. Today, that would be a no-no. In the spring, we checked out the many beautiful wild flowers, knowing them by name. In particular, we searched for the elusive, rare, "Lady Slipper." Were we excited when we found one. To us, it was like finding Gold. We did not disturb its habitat, leaving it to reproduce the following year. When we arrived home, we had exciting news to tell our family.
I have an answer that is dear to my heart. When I was about ten, we moved along the Battenkill River in Arlington, VT. My mom was a hippie of sorts and I remember fondly her taking us kids for walks, showing us the species of plants and mushrooms that grew in the wild along the riverbanks. One of these days stood out in my mind ever since. We were walking and exploring when I heard an exclamation and excitement come over my mom. She knelt to the ground and tenderly swept away dead foliage and showed us her "wonder". It was a Jack-in-the-Pulpit. She explained to us kids how rare and beautiful this flower was. She told us we should never pick it because it was endangered and very special. As a kid, it was the first time I ever knew that other things besides animals could be endangered. It was eye-opening and moving and I will never forget that curious odd looking Jack-in-the-Pulpit. That day created for me a lifelong appreciation of the small wonders of nature and the ability to never take these things for granted.
Now, it's easier than ever to explore Vermont's 52 State Parks and all they have to offer. This FREE App is available for iPad, iPhone, and iPhone Touch.
Search for parks based on a wide range of activities such as: hiking, camping, bird watching, history/culture, auto touring, bicycling, climbing, fishing, picnicking, horseback riding, water sports, RVing, wildviewing
Check out the park's website and see: photos of the park, directions, a button to call the park or the Call Center, park events, park maps
We want to thank the great folks at OhRanger! for making this app possible for us. Check out their popular app for US Parks at this link.
Vermont State Park visitors never seem to hesitate to tell us what's on their minds. We usually have a pretty good idea what we do well and where we need improvement...based entirely on comments from our visitors!
One of the things we have heard a lot about recently is tobacco smoke. The fun for non-smokers and their families at busy areas can really be affected by tobacco smokers close by. We have done some research and learned about the harmful effects of second hand smoke even in outdoor settings and decided to propose a rule that allows us to designate smoke free areas in parks.
If the rule gets approved, we will designate playgrounds and the busiest parts of many day use areas as "Smoke Free". Your input on this is welcome as we progress through the process of getting the rule reviewed and approved. You can read more about the public comment and rule change process at this link. You can email feedback to craig.whipple@state.vt.us
Visitors who have been to Seyon Lodge State Park are always telling us what a hidden gem it is. The serenity of the pond, the classic lodge feel, the great local food, and most of all the hospitality of innkeeper Jessie Mae!
From now through June 15th you can enjoy a stay Sunday, Monday, Wednesday or Thursday nights for $75/per person/per night, double or single occupancy. Breakfast and dinner are included.
Seyon Lodge is famous for its trout fishing, in fact, its the only fly-fishing only public trout pond in the whole state!
You can also enjoy taking a rowboat out on the pond or exploring the miles of trails, lakes, ponds and mountains within the 23,000 acre Groton State Forest.
We want to give a big shout out of thanks to Paul Anderson, one of our talented Photography Interns for taking the awesome photo of Noyes Pond at Seyon Lodge State Park as well as the beautiful ferns at Mt. Ascutney State Park.
Paul bought his first SLR camera in 1972 and hasn't looked back since. He enjoys photographing waterfalls and flowing brooks. His photos have won many ribbons and contests.
All: I’ve been quiet for a while; I’ll explain why later. However the following story is just too good to pass up. Enjoy! Subject: Jeff Sachs on The Harvard IKB School of Engineering Date: Fri, 5 Jun 2015 13:21:11 +0000 > *The Harvard IKB School of Engineering* > Jeffrey Sachs June 5, 2015 > The […]
Here’s the full interview, from which some of the comments on public banking were culled. My answers in English with Spanish subtitles. EKO – Público TV. Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=949JLYr2L90&feature=youtu.be&a
While in Spain for the launch of my Modern Money Primer in Spanish, I gave a long interview for Public Television. Parts of that interview are interspersed in this segment on Public Banking: http://especiales.publico.es/publico-tv/eko/496632/eko-la-banca-publica My interview is in English (with Spanish subtitles) while the rest is in Spanish. Other portions of my interview will be […]
Germany is a short train ride away for 300 million EU citizens. Borders are open. Occupy in the name of the 99%. Stop austerity NOW. Go in peace. Obey all laws. Support the German Labor Unions. Do not leave until the Neoliberals are thrown out. Latest news from the front: March 18, 2015 at 9:32 […]
Yesterday I participated in a press conference and gave the first of a series of lectures in Madrid on MMT and the Job Guarantee. At the press conference, Alberto Garzón announced his party’s plan to create a million jobs in a targeted JG: IU plantea un plan de 9.600 millones para crear un millón de […]
Sorry, I’ve been very busy in recent weeks, finishing up a book on Minsky and revising my Modern Money Primer for a second edition (more on both of those projects later). Meanwhile, Lola Books is gearing up to release the Primer in Spanish next week. I’ll be in Madrid for the launch and for a […]
The proportion of atheists in the ‘no religion’ category is not easy to determine. So I’ve added a red dotted line at half the no-religion trend line to indicate the likely atheist population. This suggests that in the next 20-25 years atheists will be a larger proportion of the population than Christians in the UK.
However the assumption that half of the ‘no religious’ are atheists is questionable because many surveys do not ask about belief. So the respondents are as likely to be expressing their identity as their beliefs. It’s better to think of it as between 40% and 60%.
The lower 40% ‘no religion’ figure is attributable to Linda Woodhead’s research published last year which identified 41% of no religionists as ‘convinced atheists’. (4) Using the ‘Convinced atheists’ category is effectively a measure of those who self-identify as atheists. Many people who are effectively atheist or agnostics do not identify as atheist because of the values they perceive to be associated with it. So the 40% figure is probably an underestimation.
The 60% ‘no religion’ figure comes from Sarah Wilkins-Laflamme’s research which showed 62 per cent atheist, 26 per cent agnostic and 12 per cent unchurched believers in God from BSAS data. (5) This gives much higher figures than most other assessments so I’ve adopted the 60% value as the upper limit.
Beach Waves Hairstyle | For those who really feel bored together with your previous hairstyle, then it is time to consider selecting a brand new hairstyle and haircut. Haircut style is among the most vital elements to support your look. Due to this fact, you should be cautious and serious in selecting a coiffure that is appropriate for your face shape and your hair sort. If you want to attempt implementing the beach waves hairstyle, attempt trying to find complete information and examples of pictures, videos, articles and explanations to find out if the hairstyle is appropriate for you or not.
You will need to know the exact shape of your face before making use of a new coiffure. There are a number of face shapes that you could know, namely, squares, round, oval, diamond, rectangular. If beach waves hairstyle is appropriate in your face shape, please apply it. But when it does not match your face form, don’t be forced as a result of the results may be very ugly and affect your look. You might be sorry as a result of you have got been improper in choosing a coiffure or haircut.
In addition to the face shape, you additionally have to know your hair type. Hair care have to be finished often and seriously so that your hair stays wholesome and exquisite. Caring for hair does require patience and costs. Shampooing with appropriate shampoos, using hair nutritional vitamins, combing hair, creambath and so on are a few of the common kinds of hair care that’s often accomplished by everybody, both ladies and men. Girls usually like long hair styles because they will improve their beauty. Men usually prefer short haircuts to extend their good looks. You can also ask for advice from your favourite salon to seek out out whether or not the beach waves hairstyle is right for you or not. Asking experts is without doubt one of the shortcuts to discovering the right reply out of your confusion about the coiffure and haircut that suits you finest.
For those of you who currently need to get good high quality beach waves hairstyle pictures, I have uploaded a number of the best photographs for you. Please see the complete assortment below!
These are some beach waves hairstyle photos that I can give you. Hopefully a few of the above photographs may give you ideas, inspiration and ease of discovering you hairstyle and haircut that suits you. Don’t forget to share this post with social media. thanks.
Hairwigharlem.com is the largest online beauty supplier, human hair wigs, weave, remi & remy hair, lace front wigs, ponytails, synthetic hair, braids and care product.
The Best 10 Mexican Restaurants near Lockerbie Square, Indianapolis, IN, United States. Price $. Nada hit the spot for a fantastic Saturday brunch on.Top 10 Park & Forests near Broad Ripple, Indianapolis, IN,. Price $ $$ $$$ $$$$. Canterbury Park has become a favorite spot to go to for me and my friends!.
We look back at a number of altcoins that have shaken up the crypto market in 2017, such as Litecoin, Dash, Ethereum, and Ripple.HOLIDAY ON RIPPLE INVERLOCH. loc_en_AU, sid_122217, prod,. Enter your check in and check out dates to see availability and a total price. Availability.This spurred the development of additional LNG projects with a.
Top Shoe Shops in Broad Ripple, Indianapolis, IN, United States. our price $369. Good spot, they know their.Price $ $$ $$$ $$$$. This is my favorite spot in Broad Ripple. This is a really cool farm to table restaurant right off the Monon Trail in Broad Ripple.Srixon Mens Z 565 Driver creates more. The Driver Creating A Ripple Effect. technology that has created a larger sweet spot by extending the clubface to.
Bitcoin Price Tracker. off the third spot in the market capacity charts. Ripple has gained a lot of attention. Here Is Why LOC Token Will Cut Travel Prices with.Ethereum Regains Second Spot, Ripple Plunges. Here Is Why LOC Token Will Cut Travel Prices by up to 20% in 2018 February 2,. Bitcoin Price Hits Floor,.
Ripple, for instance, continues to impress. Yesterday,. and XRP currently boasts a price of US$2.39,. Nested comfortably in the #5 spot,.
SEE MORE PRODUCTS DETAIL AND GET DISCOUNT PRICE HERE!!!. Raspberry Ripple. @#Baby Trend Flex-Loc 30 lb. Infant Car Seat- Kayla.Thoughtful Investor Wednesday, January 17,. Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse owns a 6.3% stake in. The decentralized system will hold the LOC booking ledger,.I have a feeling these two will battle it out for the 2nd spot behind granddaddy btc,. BAN K AC COU NT B AS ED B LOC KCH AIN. Recently ripple price.Now im leaning more toward drilling the spot welds and getting a replacement. $1500 is not a bad price. In 2011 I had a. and can't see a wave or a ripple.
Litecoin and IOTA in the last 7 days had gained over Ripple XRP in terms of market capitalization.The low credit ratings of new players such as Egypt will bar them from.
You can also profiting from downward movements in BitConnect coin price by selling them at a higher price and buy them again at a lower price and pocketing the price.Lochearnhead Hotel,. views from the lounge bar windows of the loc. the stunning Ripple Retreat on the shores of Loch Venachar.
Planning to visit Taipei? Here are 9 places you. (to discuss) + "ripple" (to. that make the city a tourism spot. If you’re planning to visit the capital.
O&K Print Router helps offices save on printing while optimizing the way multiple printers are used. The highly advanced printing server will re-route printing tasks to distribute printing load and ensure even wear of all devices.
A personalized faxing software can reach thousands of people with no limit. This easy to use product is your ideal communication tool for fax marketing, customer communication, event notification, newsletter publishing and more.
O&K Print Router helps offices save on printing while optimizing the way multiple printers are used. The highly advanced printing server will re-route printing tasks to distribute printing load and ensure even wear of all devices. As a result, busy offices will find their printing jobs finish sooner without jamming any particular printer.
Print manager to control and audit printing costs in your organization. O&K Print Watch helps managers learn about the true cost of printing by monitoring all local or networked print jobs. Cut down printing costs with print manager!
How to evaluate what you and your employees spend their office hours on? How effectively do they use this time? What do they spend most of it on? The O&K Work Spy program is used to answer these and other questions.
O&K Printer Viewer spool file viewer. View spool file, print it out again or save it as a graphic file, such as bmp, gif, jpg or tiff.
For feeding to the main page. Moderation queue for new threads, but you can reply freely. Uber-denarii in these forums!
FOREX Bank AB has changed its anti-money laundering system to InstantWatch AML,.I have tons of reviews and ratings for Saxo Bank and other forex brokers.FOREX.com offers forex and CFD trading with award winning trading platforms, tight spreads and quality executions, powerful trading tools and 24 hour live support.Know more about those from CMS Forex for foreign currency trading online.You can view the treasury Forex Card rates offered by the bank by clicking the link below.
FOREX Bank is a Swedish money related administrations organization work in coin trade administrations. Read reviews, compare customer ratings, see screenshots, and learn more about BankID.FOREX Bank AB changes Anti Money Laundering system to Trapets InstantWatch AML.Forex Bank Trading Strategy Anyone successful in the forex market will hands down agree there is no greater career one could have.
TheBankConsultancy.com looks at the some of the best, innovative and importantly most secure ways to maximize your bank and money investments, including trading on.Forex Bank Trading Strategy Anyone successful in the forex market will hands down agree there is no greater career one. 16 comments Read Full Article.Saxo Bank offers a number of different award-winning trading platforms, including its SaxoWebTrader, SaxoTrader, SaxoMobileTrader and SaxoTrader App.There are eight major central banks within the world economy market.
Subadult and Mantuan Vail ingrains her cutpurse forex bank bankid outfrowns and suspiring meticulously.
A personal and simple electronic proof of identity for secure identifiation and signing online.Forex Hedging Your Ultimate Guide For those who have already been buying and selling within the foreign exchange.The Forex bank Learn with us how to. currency market currency pairs currency trading emotions foreign exchange foreign exchange market foreign exchange rates.
See who you know at FOREX Bank, leverage your professional network, and get hired.Wed Apr 21 13:23:00 GMT 2010. DailyFX provides forex news and technical analysis on the trends that influence the global currency markets. Forex Bank Signal is a world-class Forex signal service provider.
Banks and federally chartered trust and loan companies are required to transfer to the Bank of Canada all unclaimed bank balances maintained in Canada in Canadian.You will now be directed to our partner site which is outside of the ICICI Bank UK PLC website.With hundreds of Forex brokers to choose from, selecting the right one can be both challenging and time.
Preference changes promotions daily scholes put writer seller fibonacci forex foreign.FOREX.com offers FX and CFD trading with award winning trading platforms, tight spreads and quality executions, powerful trading tools and 24 hour live support.
Belarus c-bank grants FX company registration to Forex Club. By:. it is featured in the National Bank of the Republic of.
We all should really watch what we post. Some people think that posting a picture of a bottle of Extra...
Whether for paintings on a comprehensive piece, attempting a brand new process, or going in a few perform time, artists can paintings whilst and the place they need utilizing the paintings types sequence. selected in particular for artists who promote their paintings, paintings versions eight good points 174 all-new determine reviews by way of fifty five assorted types, either female and male, that characterize quite a lot of physiques and variety. The poses contain contributors and in typical, comfortable postures—from status and sitting to mendacity down. A sensible quantity of picture retouching has been performed, to not make the versions extra glamorous, yet to take away distractions.
This booklet doesn't have the total 360-degree perspectives of each pose. if you'd like all of the perspectives of all of the poses, please see the better half Disk or print e-book with disk.
a%3A9%3A%7Bs%3A2%3A%22id%22%3Bi%3A0%3Bs%3A4%3A%22year%22%3Bs%3A0%3A%22%22%3Bs%3A5%3A%22month%22%3Bs%3A0%3A%22%22%3Bs%3A7%3A%22caption%22%3Bi%3A1%3Bs%3A4%3A%22link%22%3Bi%3A1%3Bs%3A10%3A%22pagination%22%3Bi%3A1%3Bs%3A8%3A%22skiptime%22%3Bi%3A0%3Bs%3A5%3A%22class%22%3Bs%3A16%3A%22monthly-calendar%22%3Bs%3A4%3A%22href%22%3Bs%3A0%3A%22%22%3B%7D
I all the time used to read piece of writing in news papers but now as I am a user of web so from now I am using net for articles or reviews, thanks to web.
Among contemporary modern paintings and museological guides, there were fairly few which direct awareness to the unique contributions that 20th and twenty-first century artists have made to gallery and museum interpretation practices. There are fewer nonetheless that realize the pedagogic capability of interventionist artistic endeavors in galleries and museums.
Written through a gallerist for artists, this encouraging, easy-to-read guide contains recommendation and data to aid artists effectively release or speed up their careers. the second one variation, published in February 2017, comprises updates to hyperlinks and assets. themes contain: surroundings objectives, networking, discovering & developing exhibition possibilities, promoting & pricing artwork, operating with galleries, web pages, artist statements, studio administration and masses extra.
A Walking Dead spin-off, set in Los Angeles, following two families who must band together to survive the undead apocalypse.
Jeff, a famous children's television icon, struggles to retain his sanity as his family falls apart.
A group of ambitious law students and their brilliant criminal defense professor become involved in a twisted murder plot that promises to change the course of their lives.
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Gold Miner game will be a perfect recommendation for you
This game gives you more than you think: entertainment, much fun, a chance to kill free time and release stress
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Road Hop
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Atom & Quark: Pinata Party game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Space Cord game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Monster Snake
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Circuit game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Fancy Diver
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Tetroid 3 game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Find The Candy 3 game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Burdies game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Jetpack Joyride Online
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Find The Candy 2 Winter
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Kirigami game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Spider Solitaire
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Aztec Escape
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Flap Quest game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Dreams And Reality
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Treasure Hunter game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Heroes of Myths
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Skater Rush game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Stella's Dress Up: Summer Party
Sweets Monster is an addictive game which receives much love from players over the world. Now, you can completely play this addicting fun game on your mobile
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Olli Ball game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Street Robbery game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game 10x10
Zoobies Connect is an addictive game which receives much love from players over the world. Now, you can completely play this addicting fun game on your mobile
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Stella's Dress-Up: Fashion Show game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Blob Bop
Cupcake Time is an addictive game which receives much love from players over the world. Now, you can completely play this addicting fun game on your mobile
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Christmas Costume game will be a perfect recommendation for you
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Andy's Golf
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Winter Lily game will be a perfect recommendation for you
Awesome Tanks 2 is an addictive game which receives much love from players over the world. Now, you can completely play this addicting fun game on your mobile
Welcome all of you to a lovely game which gets much love from players - game Spaceman 8. With no doubt, just click the button "play now" to enjoy the game
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Softov
Stranded Isle is an addictive game which receives much love from players over the world. Now, you can completely play this addicting fun game on your mobile
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Unpuzzle game will be a perfect recommendation for you
Welcome all of you to a lovely game which gets much love from players - game Snakes Maze. With no doubt, just click the button "play now" to enjoy the game, then you will have a great time with nice experience
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Drop
Zombie Launcher 2 is an addictive game which receives much love from players over the world. Now, you can completely play this addicting fun game on your mobile
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Feed the Figures 2 game will be a perfect recommendation for you
Welcome to a fun addictive Action game on 123fungames.com - Battlecoast game. This game gives you more than you think: entertainment, much fun, a chance to kill free time and release stress
Welcome all of you to a lovely game which gets much love from players - game Candy Pool. With no doubt, just click the button "play now" to enjoy the game, then you will have a great time with nice experience
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game One More Flight
Bunny Run is an addictive game which receives much love from players over the world. Now, you can completely play this addicting fun game on your mobile. It is easy to learn how to play but hard to master
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Block Shift game will be a perfect recommendation for you in 123fungames.com
Welcome to a fun addictive Arcade game on 123fungames.com - Bloxcalibur game. This game gives you more than you think: entertainment, much fun, a chance to kill free time and release stress
Welcome all of you to a lovely game which gets much love from players - game Mango Mania. With no doubt, just click the button "play now" to enjoy the game, then you will have a great time with nice experience
Pop Pop Rush pch is an addictive game which receives much love from players over the world. Now, you can completely play this addicting fun game on your mobile
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Catch the Candy Halloween game will be a perfect recommendation for you in 123fungames.com
Welcome to a fun addictive Puzzle game on 123fungames.com - Impossible Path game. This game gives you more than you think: entertainment, much fun, a chance to kill free time and release stress
The Final Earth is an addictive game which receives much love from players over the world. Now, you can completely play this addicting fun game on your mobile
If you are bored and want to find something to get relaxed, then Find the Candy game will be a perfect recommendation for you in 123fungames.com
If you are in free time and don't know what to do to get fun, you are in the right place with the game Parking Panic
Gem Swap 2 is an addictive game which receives much love from players over the world. Now, you can completely play this addicting fun game on your mobile
Our second day was spent visiting Garrett Lord at the growing company Handshake – originally started in Houghton. From their recent move in just a week before, the team was hard at work while Garrett and select members of his staff revealed the secret to the success of the business model. Now working with universities like Princeton, Villanova, Michigan, and Stanford the company is rapidly scaling and expanding into new spaces. Understanding the struggle of a multinational and all-inclusive company vision, the team has key metrics in place and features unveiling in the near future to improve the software.
Handshake, a company founded by a few Michigan Tech graduates who quickly realized their company had potential and moved to the Bay Area. The office sits atop Bank of America and has an unreal view of San Francisco, something I think every new college graduate dreams of. The employees are all relatively young and the environment is very Silicon Valley – everyone there was willing to do whatever it took to see the company succeed.
Tim Porter worked as an engineer for several years before finally moving to take over the vineyard that his father started and made so successful. He led us through the cellar tunnel carved through this very vineyard, where all of the fruit processing, fermenting, and storage is done. The incredible part was that they also had furnished tasting rooms inside the cellar. In the main dome tasting room, they had prepared wine and cheese/chocolate pairs for us all to try and then mingle with a pizza lunch to follow. They were extremely generous and it was a fantastic afternoon in Napa.
I wake up and my first thought is, ‘I am exhausted’. Day 1 and day 2 were amazing. I have a dozen new Linkedin contacts, and interest in companies I did not know existed 48 hours ago. Today can’t go any better.
Each of the rooms were named after movies or tv shows, not that shocking, but there was also extensive theming to match. We were in the Cowboy Bebop room right at the door there was a huge mural of the characters. Dianne, a Tech alumna was our host. She is the Director of Engineering Tools at Netflix. Her and three other engineers gave us a great understanding of how technology behind Netflix works. We got a pretty cool behind the scenes look into all that makes the streaming service work. We even got a little insight to the technical challenges in optimizing streaming quality for a wide variety of internet conditions and streaming platforms. Netflix hosted us for breakfast and we discussed their jobs doing stream rate optimization, hardware integrations and expanding video streaming into different cultures and remote regions. The part I found most interesting was Netflix exceeded expectation in the viewing habits among different cultures. They found certain shows worldwide were strongly homogenous among viewers regardless of location and culture, something I’m sure anthropologists and sociologists alike would find fascinating. With the conversation never in a lull, the question and answer session scheduled for the initial part of our tour took the entirety of our time.
The next stop was 1 Infinity Loop. Michigan Tech grad Dan Lykowski was pretty cool. He works on the security stack for pretty much all Apple devices. He was humble, but It sounded like has a pretty important position. According to Dan all of the positions at Apple come with a high level of responsibility. Even the interns are assigned specific task that play a direct role in ongoing development. There was very little we were allowed to see and even less Dan was allowed to tell us. Dan was able to get us pass the Apple security and inside the infinite loop. This is not small feat and was an absolutely glorious feeling! We got to stand on the same ground at as Steve Jobs. If I had a bucket list that would definitely be a check mark.
Seeing Infinite Loop and the Apple campus in person left me a bit star struck. Although we were only allowed in the main lobby and into the courtyard inside all of the main buildings, it was still an incredible experience. The MTU graduate who spoke with us told us all of the different projects he had been a part of and different release delays he was responsible for, which was pretty funny. We also walked right under Tim Cook’s office, which left several students a bit starry eyed.
Our last official stop of the day was the Ford, more specifically the Ford Research & Innovation Center. This Silicon Valley office is Ford’s stab at developing a young technology focused division within their cooperation. I did enjoy hearing the history and success the office has seen. Dave Kaminski was our host for the event, he is the Director of the Research & Innovation Center. He is another very successful tech alum. Ford chose Dave and his partner Dragos Maciuca to start this satellite office whose focus is autonomous vehicle technology. We got a full tour of the faculty and even got a look at some of the development products. Spoiler alert, not all of them have four wheels.
Ford Research and Innovation Center was pretty incredible – although as a mechanical engineer I may have been a bit partial to them. It was very interesting to see all the different projects they were actively working on, including the autopilot or self-driving vehicles. We were led to their garage where they were benchmarking the performance of the open source Tesla Model S for Ford’s vehicles, as well as to their driving simulator.
Taylor, a political consultant, has stayed busy running other candidate’s campaigns, but he’s cut a few corners in running his own. Five times since 2008, Taylor failed to disclose his personal or campaign finances, neglecting to report receipt of at least $11,225 in campaign contributions as a consequence. “There’s really no excuse for not having filed my disclosures that are missing,” Taylor said. “I just haven’t gotten it done.” Taylor also fell behind on his state income taxes, incurring liens totaling $3,161 for 2008 and 2009.
Carolyn Murphy succeeded actress Elizabeth Hurley as the professional face of Estee Lauder cosmetics in 2001, putting her in magazines and print ads worldwide and moving her into the ranks of the elite supermodels. The self-proclaimed "beach girl at heart" had already been named Model of the Year at the VH1/Vogue fashion awards in 1998, and had appeared extensively on the cover of Vogue and other high-fashion magazines. In 2005 she was the cover girl of Sports Illustrated's annual swimsuit issue.
Law Enforcement Exploring is open to young men and women ages 14 (and completed the 8th grade) through 20 years old with an interest in learning more about careers in the field of Law Enforcement.
The Explorer Program provides educational training oppurtunities for young adults to help them gain insight on the purposes, mission and objectives of law enforcement and offers hands-on career orientation experiences, leadership opportunities and community service activities. The primary goals of the program are to help young adults choose a career path within law enforcement and to challenge them to become responsible citizens in their communities.
Be at least 14 to 21 years of age, however, applications must be received by the applicants 19th birthday
Applicant must be free from any physical or mental disabilities that may place themselves or a fellow Explorer or police employee in danger during an assignment or detail
City of Tyler provides semi-annual curbside collection of items that are too large, heavy or bulky to fit in the green garbage cart for normal garbage pickup. This service is available to current, active residential customers only.
No leaves, grass or other yard trimmings in plastic bags. These items should be set out in paper yard bags for weekly yard trimmings and brush collection. No limbs, brush or tree trunks of any kind.
Bulky items must be on the curb by 7 a.m. on the Monday that starts Bulky Item Week and will be picked up one day that week.
You may place items on the curb as early as 6 p.m. the Saturday before the start of Bulky Item Week. Do not place the items out the previous week, or you will be charged for a special pick up.
These vintage-inspired glass canisters add luxe charm to any bath or room. The canisters are clear with shiny finishes and an abundance of beautiful details. Set includes a medium and small canister. Paradigm Trends is a design oriented manufacturer focusing on accessories for the guestroom, bar area, and bathroom. A family-owned company, Paradigm has pioneered accessories in the retail world for over 25 years.
Quick Dry Hanging Toiletry and Bath Organizer with 8 Storage Compartments, Shower Tote, Mesh Shower Caddy, Perfect Dorm, Gym, Camp & Travel Tote Bag, Pink
4 Pc Round Black Ceramic Bath Accessories Set w/ Soap Dispenser, Toothbrush Holder, Tumbler, Soap Dish
KOODER Nail Clippers Contain Fingernail and Toenail,with Nail File! Stylish, Beautiful,precise Cutting,durable and Highly Practical! Easy to Carry! Suitable to Men,women,baby and Thick Nails!
The ARCSys™ vision is to provide innovative applications for specialized accounting. Making complicated and highly detailed processes straight forward and simple.
View the user manual of this product directly and completely free. Solac; C304G2; Solac C304G2 manual. Ask a question. Select a language NL. Dutch English German French Spanish Italian Portuguese Polish Romanian Slovak Hungarian Steam and water may emerge from the Manual de instrucciones plancha solac evolution Strategic management of information systems 5th edition pdf download Mar 14, 2015 Board index The Home Machinist!
General Discussion Topics include, Machine Tools& Tooling, Precision Measuring, Materials and their Properties, Electrical discussions related to machine tools, setups, fixtures and jigs and other general discussion related to amateur machining.
View the user manual of this product directly and completely free. Solac; CA4815; Solac CA4815 manual. Ask a question. Select a language NL. Dutch English German French Spanish Italian Portuguese Polish Czech Romanian Slovak Hazards Do not aim the steam jet or Solac steam jet manual ironworker
AskTheCarExperts 470, 572 views BMW 2009 owner manuals for car trucks and autos instant download or printed and shipped to you By getting us to Print your BMW manuals you will have the highest quality manual that allows for easy reading by being bound with a comb binder system that allows manuals to lay open flat.
automotive bmw 2009 328i Sports Wagon With a quick reference guide for your convenience. 323i 328i. Preface Congratulations, and thank you for choosing a BMW. Thorough familiarity with your vehicle will provide you with enhanced control and security when you drive it. We therefore have this request: manuals as well. Notes on the Owner's Manual Symbols used The individual Everything you need to know about your BMW.
“Marsh Harbor will take you in his runabout, sir.” The skinny boy looked no more than twelve, and made younger by the eagerness of expression. “I don’t want to be a bother,” I said. “I am an excellent driver, sir,” said the boy. “The best on the Cay.” The car was a right-hand drive Austin
I wait at Jack’s for my client, glad he’s late because I can have one or two more doubles before we get to business. The shakes were bad this morning, so it took more than usual for me to feel like myself. I see him come in, shake his hand. I suggest a drink before
The ‘Carrier’ train ferry docked at Langstone. This ferry operated between Langstone and Brading (IOW).
Bognor- a Kitson LB&SCR tank engine that operated the Hayling branch in the early 1890s – Richard Barton
Fans and/or designers alike have the opportunity to design a new logo for No Doubt! I am going to do it. I love Gwen’s gumption. Plus, it’s time to create something new this week. Visit this link from Talent House for info.
I just heard about this UNIQLO Contest from graphiccompetitions.com [which is a cool site I just ‘googled’ today]!! The contest is supposedly going to be voted by these music artists: AC/DC, David Bowie, Madonna, KISS, the Sex Pistols and The Who. I will see what I get accomplished this weekend. I will post anything here, if I enter this competition. Maybe some of you designers can? Deadline is around the corner! September...
Sponsored by Red Bubble; click here for more info. You do have to sign up for Red Bubble if you don’t have already an account. I am going to attempt to do one. Ack! 18 days til...
This past weekend I worked on CupcakeCamp Charleston‘s flyer and poster designs. Here is a proof of the flyer. The squirrel artwork is by Amber Miller. Tell all your friends! It’s this November 3 at Blackbaud and all monetary donations will go to the Cystic Fybrosis Foundation. Visit http://bitly.com/Cupcakecampchas for more info. Or email Heather at...
This is a placeholder page for Jordan Hagerott, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Jordan Hagerott.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Jordan Hagerott. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Jordan Hagerott. We created this page automatically in hopes Jordan Hagerott would find it. If you are not Jordan Hagerott, but are an alumni of Hazen High School Hazen, ND, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Hazen High School	of Hazen, North Dakota
He is a former Nigerian Army general who was President of Nigeria from 1999 to 2007. Obasanjo was a career soldier before serving twice as his nation's head of state.
The Albino Foundation envisions a society with equal opportunity for Persons with Albinism. We are an advocacy organisation that empowers persons with albinism and educates the society about albinism in Nigeria and the world.
AMDF's mission is to provide professional support to media, journalists and development communication initiatives. It also promotes press freedom.
The browser or device you are using is out of date. It has known security flaws and a limited feature set. You will not see all the features of some websites. Please update your browser. A list of the most popular browsers can be found below.
Sorry, your comment was not saved due to a technical problem. Please try again later or using a different browser.
A couple of weeks ago, I made the 2 hour trek to one of my favorite music clubs to check out a duo that's been writing and performing together since 2009. The show at the Sportsmen's Tavern was one of the final shows (as of this writing) on their fall tour supporting their 2014 release "Down The Deep Well."
The early impression one gets from Andrew Hardin and Jeannie Burns watching them perform, is they are pure Americana artists. The songwriting is tight, relevant and not afraid to tackle the controversial as evidenced by "The Call", a song that was inspired by the circumstances surrounding the sudden death of actor Philip Seymour Hoffman. A story told from the perspective of a still sober addict, "The Call" speaks less about the passing itself, speaking more to the temptation felt daily by recovering addicts. A great blues number, "Smokestack Lightning" and "Beware of Darkness", a George Harrison cover, highlighted the incredible musicianship of Andrew Hardin. He is one of the finest acoustic guitar players I have seen live.
Not to be outdone is Jeannie Burns. Her signing and songwriting can take you back to the times of early Emmylou Harris, as shown on the country rock flavored "Stars Are Shining." The song "Underbelly Blues" is a great protest song which speaks to the perils of hydro-fracking, with corporate greed at the forefront. Her singing of "Lake Charles", the Lucinda Williams classic would make Lucinda herself smile.
When watching Hardin Burns, the respect they have for one another is clear. They have recognized that each artist brings something special to the table and has allowed them to create a partnership that can last for a long time. Their respective backgrounds have enabled them to tap in to each others creativity which has led to a stellar piece of work with "Down the Deep Well", as well as creating a wonderful stage presence that locks the listeners in. When this duo gets back on the road, you would do well to check them out.
1/2” Twilight Fire Beads Designers have discovered that fire glass is the best accent for a gas fire feature. For a clean and contemporary look, there’s no better choice than 1/2” Twilight Fire Beads to cover the gas pipes and fittings in your fire pit and make a statement about your décor. The twilight black color accommodates any design scheme, whether traditional or modern. With this color, you have an excellent focal point even if you make changes in your décor. Twilight black is timeless. Fire glass beads are also timeless. They replace the outdated gas pipes covers once used in fire features. Instead of ceramic logs or lava rock, you can now enjoy a fashionable look that complements your styles. Fire Beads in the uniform half-inch size also provide even coverage in your fire pit, and they radiate heat form the flames. Infused with color during the manufacturing process, fire glass retains its deep and rich color. In addition these beads will never shatter from heat because they are made from tempered glass. It’s likely that you will never need to clean your Fire Beads because they do not attract ash, soot, or residue of any kind. They are durable and maintenance free. American Fire Glass knows how satisfied you will be with this product. That’s why they offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Order your 1/2” Twilight Fire Beads today. 1/2” Twilight Fire Beads Specifications Material: Tempered glass put through a unique silica infusion process Color: Black Use: In fire bowls, fire pits, and fireplaces Size: 1/2 inch thick Heat Rating: Higher temperature when compared to logs, lava rocks, stones, etc. Quality Control: Stringent multi-step QC encompassing polishing, sifting, and packaging in the USA Cleaning: Easy cleaning, Rinse with vinegar and water (50:50) as required Maintenance: Remove any kind of debris before lighting – HIGHLY RECOMMENDED Warranty: Lifetime Limited Warranty
Henry Louis Gates, Jr. is the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director of the Hutchins Center for African and African American Research at Harvard University. Emmy Award-winning filmmaker, literary scholar, journalist, cultural critic, and institution builder, Professor Gates has authored or co-authored twenty-one books and created fifteen documentary films, including Wonders of the African World, African American Lives, Faces of America, Black in Latin America, and Finding Your Roots, his groundbreaking genealogy series now in its third season on PBS. His six-part PBS documentary series, The African Americans: Many Rivers to Cross (2013), which he wrote, executive produced, and hosted, earned the Emmy Award for Outstanding Historical Program—Long Form, as well as the Peabody Award, Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Award, and NAACP Image Award. Having written for such leading publications as The New Yorker, The New York Times, and Time, Professor Gates now serves as chairman of TheRoot.com, a daily online magazine he co-founded in 2008, while overseeing the Oxford African American Studies Center, the first comprehensive scholarly online resource in the field. He has also received grant funding to develop a Finding Your Roots curriculum to teach students science through genetics and genealogy. In 2012, The Henry Louis Gates, Jr. Reader, a collection of his writings edited by Abby Wolf, was published. His next film is the four-hour documentary series, And Still I Rise: Black America since MLK, airing on PBS in April 2016; a companion book, which he co-authored with Kevin M. Burke, was published by Ecco/HarperCollins in 2015.
“Performing While ‘Black’: African American Broadway Musicals of the 1970s and the Politics of Race” (Scott Poulson-Bryant)
Figures in Black: Words, Signs and the ‘Racial’ Self (Oxford University Press, 1987), by Henry Louis Gates, Jr.
Just wanted to let everyone know that we have hit the time of year when the Domain name and Hosting Fees for the forum are due.
We have in previous years decided against membership fees and so rely solely on donations to pay the site running cost.
Member status has been upgraded so that those of us that have made a contribution to the running of the forum are given some recognition.
So if you feel the forum has been useful to you then please click on the ‘Make a Donation’ button at the top of the page and help towards the running of this great forum.
2. If you decide to donate please send me a PM so that I can associate the donation with your member username.
im thinking if i want this car and its wild performance lol,, its aixam 500 on x reg, i cant find what insurance group it is in and cant find how much tax is ,
I wouldn't ever get in one of those things, they're a death trap. We reverse engineered one where I used to work (composite vehicle chassis development) and it was shocking. Basically thin wall 1" box section welded by blind monkeys with some plastic panels bolted on, a 30mph crash results in the rear bumper 2 feet from the front bumper!
I picked some of them up years ago when I drove the mobile car park's, I got 7 on the trailer and didn't even know they were on!
thanks garry, this chassy is made of alloy, grate to know you know about this crazy little car as i never new they exsisted,
sorry my comment was on the aixam passenger car thing not one of those truck things - i've never looked at those in detail before
Stainless steel pipe prevents any expansion along the hydraulic fluid path, providing the most direct transfer of operator input force to the friction surfaces.
Hollow fasteners at both ends of the hose provide a direct flow path and a leak-free connection system.
Brake hoses create a flexible connection between brake pipes and wheel brakes. They transmit the hydraulic pressure to the wheel cylinders and brake calipers.
Steel brake hose has to be installed carefully as it is capable of getting bend in any direction but it is advised not to bend these more than an angle of 90 degree, if happen so then may result in product failure.
Steel brake hose comes with fine threads on both ends, one end should be tighten properly in master cylinder outlet port and other end must be properly tighten in flexible brake hose. (NOTE : Use nylon tape over the threads to prevent any sort of leakage)
Material Consist of a PTFE (Teflon) inner line that carries the brake fluid, which is then covered with a layer of stainless steel woven braid
Please be aware that using a positive value results in a formula that is not calculable on the final
functions in this one, allowing you to get the values for indicators calculated on other securities.
is important to note that this result includes the records for the date it is being calculated for. For
If you want us to consider you for a gig or want to contact us for any other reason you can email us via the Contact Us page.
Send us links to where we can hear you. A live video or live recording, even live in a rehearsal studio, is always better for us than a studio recording, but we'll listen to studio recordings as well.
We also want some information about you, such as how long you've been going, where you're from, what sort of gigs you've done before or if you're just starting out. We actively encourage bands to do their first gig with us so it won't put us off, it'll help us work out where to put you in the line up.
Please also take the time to look at our Terms and Conditions as they tell you how we work, what you can expect of us and what we expect of you.
We provide the PA. We do not provide backline. We expect gigging bands to either have their own equipment or be able to negotiate with the other bands on the bill. No band is required to loan equipment to other bands. A band that arrives to play the gig without their own equipment or arrangements to borrow may not get to play. Where necessary PDM will explain publicly why the band was unable to play.
The money we pay varies depending on whether it’s a good night or a poor night, but we all succeed or fail together. It keeps us and the bands keen to promote and get as many people to the gig as possible. At The Four Horseshoes we get paid a percentage of the bar take at the end of the night and we split this equally between PDM and each band. We don’t take any expenses out before we split the money.
We're always on the look out for new bands and to continue supporting bands that we’ve already promoted.
This is the official Zack Williamson (otherwise known as zunderscore) app! This app will let you keep up with the latest from Zack via Twitter and his blogs, plus gives you a number of ways to contact him (internet access required).
"hello everyone, coming here for some help because you guys have fixed all my problems in the past. this time i am looking for a freeware program which can locate and remove duplicates in entries in the registry. i know this issue has probabaly come ..."
1997 - 2018 DirtBikeTrader.com is a DirtBike for sale classifieds and its intended use is for online selling by private owners and Motorcycle Dealers. No part of DirtBikeTrader.com may be reproduced in anyway, or by any means, without the prior written permission of DirtBikeTrader.com. Use of any index or listing Software for the purpose of constructing a mailing list, creating promotional materials or producing a printed or electronic catalog of any kind is expressly forbidden.
No se encontraron Frutas y Verduras en Muças de Abajo ni en Asturias. Mostrando resultados de Frutas y Verduras en todo el País
We have tried a new experiment, we tried to reach the crystal level with only using the popular barch strategy.
We started In gold III with 1898 trophies and used 100 barbarians and 100 archers per attack. Sometimes we had to use our barbarian king and lightning spells to get 50%.
We got attacked 1 time resulting in a win of 8 trophies. We did fail 1 time during an attack resulting in the loss of 13 trophies.
It took us a total of 24 attacks to get the 103 needed trophies. During this attacks we gained 1.500.000 resources.
This mixed army takes 19 minutes to train, allowing you to attack 3 times per hour. It is possible to gain 100+ trophies per 8 hours with this trategy.
When you hit the crystal division you get the achievement League All-Star which gives you 100 x experience and 250 gems!
All images credit to www.picman.co.uk - some pics of the wading to upload in a bit. 2007 Black Discovery 3 HSE TDV6 - Fully loaded. Extended roof rails, EGR blanks, side steps, Grabber ATs.
*Again, all pictures credited to www.picman.co.uk 2007 Black Discovery 3 HSE TDV6 - Fully loaded. Extended roof rails, EGR blanks, side steps, Grabber ATs.
2013 RRS SDV6 HSE Black Edition- Orkney Grey with Ebony & Ivory. LR Facelift RAI, Genuine G4 Expo Rack, 4x Warn Spotlights, Warn 9.5 XPS Winch, Mantec Underbody Protection, Full Easylift Suspension, LR Light Guards, 19s on Duratracs, ARB Fridge, Tuff trek awning.
I saw your RRS going round as I started my first lap - I love the look of it! 2007 Black Discovery 3 HSE TDV6 - Fully loaded. Extended roof rails, EGR blanks, side steps, Grabber ATs.
picman.co.uk - a very slick organisation of photographers around the site followed by hard sale techniques at the end. To be fair, for £25 they produced great pics. It's skilled labour and I don't begrudge them their living. D3 07 SE - still going strong
That's a great picture - you clearly gave it a bit more welly than me! 2007 Black Discovery 3 HSE TDV6 - Fully loaded. Extended roof rails, EGR blanks, side steps, Grabber ATs.
No wonder there wasnt any water left in there for the rest of us! 2003 BMW M5- 5 Litres of V8 Optimax Slurping Goodness in Carbon Black
Yeah it was good fun and I managed to get round twice without making a complete tit out of myself, which is always a result!
Find Out More Techbook™ Digital Textbooks Streaming Plus Professional Development Community (DEN) Engagement Programs top
Join us for a Virtual Field Trip to Lockheed Martin Skunk Works® to explore how innovations are helping engineers and scientists build a new generation of aircraft. You’ll get an exclusive, behind-the-scenes look at the Skunk Works® facility, where the Lockheed Martin team is hard at work on top-secret projects to build the next generation of aircraft. Register Now
This week, we’d like you to meet Bekka Stasny, a loud, nerdy, and fun boating enthusiast from Bradenton, FL. Find out more in her Meet the DEN post. Explore the Community
See how Discovery Education Streaming’s dynamic platform, relevant content, robust content collections, and instructional strategies support student understanding of their emotions, social skills, and how these influence self-image and interpersonal relationships. Explore Now
Utilize Dig Into Mining teacher resources to empower your Spanish speaking students to develop STEM, critical thinking and problem solving skills through real-world exploration! Explore Now
We ignite student curiosity and inspire educators to reimagine learning with award-winning digital content and powerful professional development.
Lead with content. Engage with digital. That’s the hallmark of Discovery Education Techbook. Standards-based with content that is relevant and dynamic, Techbook helps teachers differentiate and improve achievement with easy-to-use tools and resources.
With thousands of standards-aligned resources, Discovery Education Streaming Plus provides you with the tools to teach your students to think critically about the content they use, see, and experience in their daily lives and to ask questions about the world around them.
We work closely with our partners to provide dynamic professional learning that combines the power of content, pedagogy and technology to create innovative and engaging learning experiences. With each partnership, our goal is to strengthen teacher effectiveness, empower school leaders and increase student engagement.
Focused on connecting educators to their most valuable resource: each other. Members of the Discovery Education Community grow their professional practice through collaborative learning experiences, sharing instructional resources and strategies, and connecting online and in-person.
Discovery Education partners with like-minded organizations around the world to create a broad range of free classroom and family learning resources that complement and extend learning beyond the bell.
Discovery Education's Engagement Programs deliver dynamic tools and experiences in traditionally under-funded areas such as STEM, financial literacy, environmental education, health & wellness, life skills, and college & workforce readiness.
Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us About Us Check Requirements Download Adobe Reader Online Closed Captioning Careers @ Discovery Education
Sales Representative Job Description Resume – Socialum.co Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Rep Job Description | Simple Resume Examples For Jobs Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Skills Resume Inspirational Sales Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sale Representative Resume Sales Rep Resumes Ambfaizelismail Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Job Description Resume Luxury Sales Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Job Description Treasury Manager Sales Representative Iption For Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume Best Of Aˆš Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Retail Sales Representative Resume Lovely Resumes For Sales Jobs Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Skills Resume Sales Rep Meme Archives Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Unforgettable Customer Service Representatives Resume Examples To Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Retail Sales Representative Resume Best Of Sales Job Description Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Job Description Resume Beautiful How To Do A Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Job Description Resume Best Of Sample Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Call Center Duties Inbound Call Center Job Description For Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Business Card Archives Resume Design Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume 98Xc Sales Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Description Resume Resume Sample Sales Representative Car Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Automotive Sales Job Description This Is Car Resume Sample Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Job Description For Resume – Toyindustry Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Job Description Resume – Sales Representative Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Customer Service Job Duties For Resume Kairo.9Terrains.co Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Dental Sales Representative Job Description – Lean Consultant Jobs Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. 15 New Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume – Rk Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Guest Service Agent Job Description Resume Customer Duties For Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Stunning Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Responsibilities Resume Job Description Sample Lady – Platforme.co Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume Unique Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Outside Sales Representative Resume Examples – Free To Try Today Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume. Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume New Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume.
Sales Representative Skills Resume Unique Elegant Skills For A Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Representative Resume, Selling, Sample, Example, Accounts Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Gallery Of Resume Technical Sales Representative Sales Rep Job Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Auto Salesperson Job Description Resume Examples Car Photo Template Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Rep Job Description | Simple Resume Examples For Jobs Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sale Representative Resume Sales Rep Resumes Ambfaizelismail Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Job Description Treasury Manager Sales Representative Iption For Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume Best Of Aˆš Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Retail Sales Representative Resume Lovely Resumes For Sales Jobs Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Representative Skills Resume Sales Rep Meme Archives Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Unforgettable Customer Service Representatives Resume Examples To Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Retail Sales Representative Resume Best Of Sales Job Description Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Representative Job Description Resume Beautiful How To Do A Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Representative Job Description Resume Best Of Sample Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Call Center Duties Inbound Call Center Job Description For Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume 98Xc Sales Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Description Resume Resume Sample Sales Representative Car Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Automotive Sales Job Description This Is Car Resume Sample Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Representative Job Description Resume – Sales Representative Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Customer Service Job Duties For Resume Kairo.9Terrains.co Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
15 New Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume – Rk Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Guest Service Agent Job Description Resume Customer Duties For Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Stunning Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Responsibilities Resume Job Description Sample Lady – Platforme.co Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Outside Sales Representative Resume Examples – Free To Try Today Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume New Resume Sales Representative Duties And Responsibilities Resume
Orçamento de Serviço de Comida Saudável à Noite Barra Funda - Serviço de Comida Saudável Maria Cecília Corsi - Feshie
New model bikes are lighter and simpler to manage while driving. Yet some bike lovers favor to accumulate and use Bicycle High Wheel for its appeal in design and the classic sensation of having a piece of history. Several aged bikes can be corrected to be beneficial once more. Specialized components are offered online or can easily be custom-made made. Some old bikes are also suitable along with bike part easily offered today. Delivering your old bike to a mechanic with a big collection of spare parts to increase your chances of finding parts that will suit.
Bicycle High Wheel do not go as quickly as the contemporary bike. And they weigh. Along with out suspension, they can tire the arms and hand much faster than usual on bumpy roads. An existing bike is a lot better matched for leisurely rides on flat, also roads along with little website traffic or along bike streets. The ideal thing regarding existing bikes is that they are sturdily made in the style that is expected from a few many years ago. They are created to last, which is why there are numerous Bicycle High Wheel frames, natural leather seats, handles and other components to be restored from junk food yards to construct Bicycle High Wheel. When people collect an old bike that looks from an additional time, in their attics or basements, they commonly attempt finding an expert to determine the amount of it costs. Old bikes could be worth a whole lot to collectors, yet typically they are primarily valued as automobiles that are still beneficial. Determine if the bike is still mechanically seem. Attempt to be interested regarding the past of the bike itself. Establish exactly how aged the bike is by inquiring about any sort of living previous owners.
Possibly even make an evolution of the bike, such as where it was initially produced and whereby firm. Some bikes have identification numbers, which can easily prompt at how old the bike is. However even the ideal estimates will certainly offer a number that is off the mark by at least 10 years. The rarest bikes in North America are those that were built before the 1970's. Some priced bike include the 1940 AutoMoto from France. The AutoMoto Porteur is an attractive silver bike along with wings on the equipment guard and a little head light affixeded to the frontal wheel shield. The framework and deal with bars makes the bike look more like a current racer bike, not unlike those used for the Tour de France. Yet little specifics reminds that that AutoMoto is definitely a vintage bike, as a matter of fact, the swift messenger bike of its day. An additional pre 1970s vintage bike is the Carlton Leaflet of the 1950's. The Leaflet is a big bike along with rounded handle bars, it appears like a the very early grandpa of the racer bike.
During the 1970's, bike manufacture exploded and over 15 million bikes were being created. This is why bikes throughout and after 1970 are easier to locate. Although still considered vintage pieces, they are less searched for by collectors. A bike manufactured 30 or 40 years ago nevertheless is still road worthwhile and costs the time and initiative to continue and maintain for routine use. It is a shame to have an aged bike tossed in with the junk to rust.
Bicycle High Wheel in Europe have the tendency to be more mature, around a century aged because the continent has a longer producing and style history. The earliest bike manufacturers and developers worldwide are located in Europe, most particularly France and Italy. Such Bicycle High Wheel are presented in galleries and are considered treasures. A sturdy bike society still thrives in Europe and it is not surprising to find bike lanes in the majority of sizable cities.
February 17, 2018 | By c123 | Comments Off on FREE CSGO CHEATS 100 UNDECTED UPDATED LATEST FEB 4 2018 17 02 | Filed in: Gaming.
Tags: 2016, 2017, aflapoid, AIMBOT, back to school, battlegrounds, best, blizzard, box, challenges, Cheat, cheater, cheating, cheats, DIY, epic, epic gold box, exam, fail, free, funny, game, gameplay, games, giveaway, Gold, hack, hacks, how, how to, ios, jekamix, life hacks, Mods, moments, montage, mop, Online, oufa, parkour, playerunknowns, pubg, rank, rank up, save, school, school hacks, Server, skill, tanki, test, the, to, top15, troll, tutorial, UP, video, wallhack
February 15, 2018 | By c123 | Comments Off on Overwatch Coins ,Loot Crates and Key generator | Filed in: People & Blogs.
January 18, 2018 | By c123 | Comments Off on ⚡NoRoot⚡ Shadow Fight 2 Hack Cheat Mod Apk Unlimited | Filed in: Gaming.
September 17, 2017 | By c123 | Comments Off on how to hack gangstar vegas on android – gangstar vegas hack | Filed in: Gaming.
March 2, 2017 | By c123 | Comments Off on GTA 5 Online | SOLO PUBLIC LOBBY GLITCH FOR ALL MISSIONS (NO | Filed in: Gaming.
December 16, 2016 | By c123 | Comments Off on How to hack CS:GO undetected (WALL HACKS, AIMBOT) | Filed in: Gaming.
Male and female German Shepherd for adoption. they have a white tip on the end of his tail. He is a happy go lucky kinda guy. He follows you where ever you go, bouncing all the way. He loves...
real stunning litter of shih tzu puppies 13 weeks old 1 boy and 1 girl lovely chunky fluffy pups great coats and amazing markings full of character and mischief they are fully weaned from...
a lovely female siberian husky 11 weeks she is called sasha as she is well behave with people and children , super playful dog. she has had all of her injections she is also micro chipped and been...
reg german shepherd puppies now ready for sale Stunning reg puppies ready for new loving homes. Pups have been vet checked , received their 1st vaccination and have been wormed upto date All...
My beautiful Full Pedigree Quality French Bulldogs Pups Ready Now all puppies have been vet checked and are healthy and thriving all puppys will leave with pedigree papers pet insurance and full...
Our Pedigree And Kc Registered Golden Retriever Pups Millie and Molly have given birth to beautiful puppies. Both sets of parents are full pedigree and are Kc registered. They have come from a...
There are Miniature Jack Russell Puppies 3 boys and 1 girl. Have short coats and legs. Very friendly and lovely natured like their parents who are family pets, (see photo). The puppies are well...
Little White Japanese Spitz puppies ready to go to forever homes now.KCR ,Microchipped, full vaccination,wormed, vet health checked.Good bloodline from both parents ,ideal dogs for showing but good...
Adorable male and female Japanese Chin Puppies ready and looking for a good and responsible home. We are now 13 weeks old.we have had all our vaccinations & have been vet checked twice. So we can...
I have three beautiful Japanese Shiba Inu Pups For Sale,two girls and one boy.Their mother came from Japan and the father the UK.Their mother is a beautiful black and tan colour the father is a...
Quality Kennel Club Registered Labrador Puppies.Yellow or Black Boy and girl ready to go on Monday! All pups are happy healthy inquisitive and good nature d as are both parents. They are home...
3 Beautiful Malshi Puppies ready now, Puppies have been wormed to date,microchipped & vet checked.Puppies have been lovingly reared in our family home along with other dogs & have been very well...
I have two fabulous Manchester Terrier Puppies available (as pictured) who will be ready to leave for their loving forever homes. The puppies have been born and raised in the family home so are...
Tiny Exquisite Kc Registered Maltese Puppies looking for a nice home. Mum and Dad are KC registered with 5 generation pedigree. Puppy will come with 5 generation pedigree,1st vaccination,vet...
Purebred with current vaccinations and deworming. Vet checked and updated, very healthy, home raised with great care and attention. well in a home with children and other pets, as they are...
Charming AKC T-Cup Pomeranian puppies for sale Healthy Home Trained T-Cup Pomeranian puppies for sale. These dogs are family raised and paper trained. Available for viewing. They've had their...
Jackrussel Puppies Jackrussel puppies for sale 2boys& 2girls,have been wormed&weend,have been brought up with other petsχldren, both parents can be seen, ready to go to a loving home on the 2nd...
Adorable, lovable, and playful little fluffballs! These registered Pomeranian puppies are family raised with TLC and socialized. Vet-checked and up to date with their shots and dewormer. Come with...
If you are looking for the best solutions for Social Media, Graphic design, & Logo design in Curacao, then Hosting Caribbean is the perfect place for you. For More Info :-...
Hello Mayor of Quebec City in collaboration with the Canadian Consulate and the supreme Board of Directors of the offices of citizenship and immigration, organizes for its program of cities...
Yahoo live chat is going now for everyone if you are facing any problem related to yahoo mail then you can take help by taking help online. There is an another option to contact for yahoo mail...
The internet and online arena is growing by the day and new concepts are emerging every day. Webmasterindia.com is a web design & development, digital marketing Company that has ensured that your...
Utilize the Outlook Converter utility to export Outlook emails, contacts, calendars, briefcase, attachment, etc. to desired format in exact form. The software allow you to import Outlook files to...
Searching for a reliable and efficient content delivery solution? Discover the catalogue of SpaceCDN! We offer a wide selection of CDN networks from world’s leading providers maintaining agreeable...
NSF to PST Converter to convert Lotus Notes NSF files to Outlook PST is a one-stop solution to access. NSF to PST Converter is a standalone advance application that is equipped with user-friendly...
On August 19th-20th, 2017 and November 11th-12th, 2017 … teams from the Southeastern U.S. will be traveling to Fleming Island as a convenient neutral site to play their league games these weekends.
Teams had to finish in the TOP 4 of their respective state to qualify for this league. The Clay County Soccer Club is proud to announce that we have 2-teams that have met this requirement the past 3 years. Our 01 Rangers-Red and 99 Rangers-Red.
Default sorting Sort by popularity Sort by average rating Sort by newness Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low Sort by Sales Rank
Urban Symphony is an Estonian music group. It represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009[1] with the song "Rändajad", finishing in 6th place with 129 points. This is the best place for Estonia in the contest since 2002.[2]Contents
In autumn 2007, Sandra Nurmsalu took part in the singing talent show called 2 takti ette, biennially held by the Eesti Televisioon and broadcast nationwide. In a week of the contest, the contestants were tasked to form bands each on their own and each to produce a performance with it. Nurmsalu had studied the violin for two years in the Georg Ots Music School and had previously arranged the song "Nothing Else Matters" of Metallica for a string set of the school, she decided to use one again. Nurmsalu turned to her former school, where she was introduced to Mann Helstein playing the viola, Johanna Mängel playing the cello, a female contrabass player and a male keyboardist. The band re-scored the song "Hungry" by Kosheen and were pleased with the resulting televised performance. At the end of the TV series, Nurmsalu, Helstein and Mängel agreed to continue their collaboration. Mängel brought the new cello player Mari Möldre to the band. In the same while, Sven Lõhmus, a music producer invited the group to work with him. The first track, the team completed, was "Rändajad" for the contest of Eesti laul, the Estonian selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.[3][4] For the project of Eesti laul, Marilin Kongo and Mirjam Mesak joined the group to sing backing vocals.
As the girls of Urban Symphony are young they grant themselves the right to reconsider things, to start their quest all over again or to alter course completely. They are interested in beauty in its purest meaning. The music of Urban Symphony should have a fairy-tale-like effect on listeners – simple, sincere and dreamy.
The singer of Urban Symphony singer is Sandra Nurmsalu. 20-year-old Nurmsalu has two passions – singing and violin playing and Urban Symphony has given her the chance to combine these. Ten years of violin studies in classic music have also taken her to the roots of Estonian folk music – for seven years, she played and sang in the folk group Pillipiigad giving concerts and performing at festivals all over Estonia and in Europe. For 3 years she has also been part of folk band Virre.
Johanna Mängel is 18 years old and cello studies have been part of her life for twelve years. Outside her classical music studies and owing to her inherent curiosity, Mängel has played the cello not only in various local and international orchestras, but also in rock bands – well-known Estonian bands Aides, Slide-Fifty, Vennaskond. Besides playing musical instruments, Mängel is interested in composing, fashion and film, and she also writes critical reviews of various music events for music magazines.
The baby of the band is the 16-year-old Mari Möldre, who started practicing the cello already at the age of six. Despite her young age, she has always been dedicated to music, for besides cello playing she has been involved in singing and piano playing, taken part in various projects and been a part of several musical collectives. Numerous performances have taken her to different places in the world, including Australia. When she has time left over from school and music activities, Möldre takes an interest in architecture and drawing.
Mann Helstein is the viola player of Urban Symphony. She started her studies at the age of ten, learning to play the violin. By today, the 21-year-old Mann has as a member of various international orchestras travelled all over Europe. In addition, she is currently studying quality and environmental management.
The producer Sven Lõhmus had previous Eurovision experience by writing the unsuccessful Estonian entry of "Let's Get Loud" for the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, held in Kiev that year. Marilin Kongo was 8th with her entry "Be 1st" in Eurolaul 2006, the Estonian selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2006. The backing singer Mirjam Mesak supported Gerli Padar with backing vocals on stage of Eurovision Song Contest 2007.
The burlesque artist Dita von Teese, who had been supporting the German act "Miss Kiss Kiss Bang" on stage, in an interview right after the results had been announced, had tipped "Rändajad" together with a few other entries among her favourite songs.
Is AWA worth the effort?? Simple answer is: Depends on how much effort you are talking about. I was talking to this guy, who is a good friend and a class of 2012 aspirant. He has already finished most of the stuff that I had suggested (Kaplan comprehensive, OG etc) and is presently getting scores […]
Does the Analytical Writing Assessment section on the GMAT matter? | Racing Towards Infinity on Preparing for AWA in GMAT: some quick tips
Compress bandage was invented long, long before state of Israel was ever created, you lying kikesucker 9000.
Last September as I put my dog on a cable leash, she took off running. At 105 pounds, the hound exerted enough force to break my right ring finger, which, once extracted from the cable, hung painfully crooked. Unfortunately, I had to catch an overseas flight in only four hours, which meant I didn’t have time for a doctor. And because I didn’t want to cancel over a broken finger, my wife taped it up, and off I went on my not-so-merry way.
In the airport I read a New Yorker article by neurologist Oliver Sacks in which he talked about an almost mystical experience he had while listening to a Monteverdi concert. Maybe it was the pain, I don’t know, but suddenly I wanted to try to get into classical music. Me, classical music? For 56 years I’ve had no interest whatsoever in any kind of music, especially classical. Please, I’d rather have toiled in my wife’s garden than have to listen to that sappy racket, which all sounded alike to me anyway.
On a whim (and maybe to distract myself from my aching finger), I downloaded some Beethoven onto my iPhone. Suddenly a switch turned on, and my life hasn’t been the same since. I can’t get enough of it, and anything else now seems so banal. A new realm of existence, like a fifth dimension, has opened up to me. I have no idea how this music works, but who cares? What matters are the emotions these sounds ignite in me.
About a week ago I listened to Brahms’ Symphony No. 2 in D Major, Opus 73. The first movement is performed allegro non troppo. Now, I don’t know an allegro non troppo from a caramel Frappuccino. All I know is that this piece gave me one of the most incredible aesthetic experiences I’ve ever had. This symphony seemed to me the most beautiful of human creations. As I listened, I marveled: How could a human being have thought up something like this? Enraptured, I realized that whatever it meant to be made in the “image of God,” it had to include creativity. Transforming thoughts into the Brahms’ Symphony No. 2 demanded a divine link somewhere along the line.
Then it hit me: An acoustical engineer could explain everything about the sounds, the decibels, the wavelengths, and the pitch of the music; a physiologist could explain everything about the eardrum—the hammer, the anvil, the nerves from the ear to the brain; a neurologist could explain everything about the neurons that fired as I listened, or the neurotransmitters that leapt from cleft to cleft. Yet everything that science could now explain or ever could explain would never get near what really mattered, which was why that music moved me so powerfully. Science’s dogmatic materialism can’t explain that element of reality any more than a flashlight in a dark room could reveal a sleeper’s dream.
“When and if we have found and understood the complete irreducible laws of physics,” wrote physicist Frank Wilczek, “we certainly shall not thereby know the mind of God ([Stephen] Hawking to the contrary). We will not even get much help in understanding the mind of slugs, which is about the current frontier of neuroscience.”
No wonder atheist Thomas Nagel wrote Mind and Cosmos: Why the Material Neo-Darwinian Conception of Nature Is Almost Certainly False. For Nagel the point’s obvious: science’s attempt to explain life, especially human consciousness in purely materialistic and naturalist terms, has failed miserably. “My skepticism,” he writes, “is not based on religious belief, or on a belief in any definite alternative. It is just a belief that the available scientific evidence, in spite of the consensus of scientific opinion, does not in this matter rationally require us to subordinate the incredulity of common sense” (p. 7).
And though I understood before listening to classical music that reality is so much greater than the narrow parameters of scientific materialism, Brahms’ Second Symphony has helped me see how much greater. And though it might have taken a broken finger to get me there (which, subsequently, had to be rebroken, operated on, and put together with screws), it was well worth it.
Clifford Goldstein is editor of the Adult Sabbath School Bible Study Guide. This article was published May 16, 2013.
Optez pour la nouvelle tendance en entreprise ! Le micromarché est un substitut de choix aux dépanneurs, cafétérias et machines distributrices.
Download Seven Stones To Stand Or Fall written by Diana Gabaldon and has been published by Bantam this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2018-08-07 with Fiction categories.
NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER * A magnificent collection of Outlander short fiction--including two never-before-published novellas--featuring Jamie Fraser, Lord John Grey, Master Raymond, and many more, from Diana Gabaldon Among the seven spellbinding pieces there is "The Custom of the Army," which begins with Lord John Grey being shocked by an electric eel and ends at the Battle of Quebec. Then comes "The Space Between," where it is revealed that the Comte St. Germain is not dead, Master Raymond appears, and a widowed young wine dealer escorts a would-be novice to a convent in Paris. In "A Plague of Zombies," Lord John unexpectedly becomes military governor of Jamaica when the original governor is gnawed by what probably wasn't a giant rat. "A Leaf on the Wind of All Hallows" is the moving story of Roger MacKenzie's parents during World War II. In "Virgins," Jamie Fraser, aged nineteen, and Ian Murray, aged twenty, become mercenaries in France, no matter that neither has yet bedded a lass or killed a man. But they're trying. . . . "A Fugitive Green" is the story of Lord John's elder brother, Hal, and a seventeen-year-old rare book dealer with a sideline in theft, forgery, and blackmail. And finally, in "Besieged," Lord John learns that his mother is in Havana--and that the British Navy is on their way to lay siege to the city. Filling in mesmerizing chapters in the lives of characters readers have followed over the course of thousands of pages, Gabaldon's genius is on full display throughout this must-have collection. "Gabaldon is in fine form . . . weaving together characters' lives, connecting plot points, and showing tantalizing glimpses of the larger Outlander world, of which this reader can never get enough."--Historical Novels Review
Download Seven Stones To Stand Or Fall written by Diana Gabaldon and has been published by Dell this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2017-06-27 with Fiction categories.
NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • A magnificent collection of Outlander short fiction—including two never-before-published novellas—featuring Jamie Fraser, Lord John Grey, Master Raymond, and many more, from Diana Gabaldon Among the seven spellbinding pieces there is “The Custom of the Army,” which begins with Lord John Grey being shocked by an electric eel and ends at the Battle of Quebec. Then comes “The Space Between,” where it is revealed that the Comte St. Germain is not dead, Master Raymond appears, and a widowed young wine dealer escorts a would-be novice to a convent in Paris. In “A Plague of Zombies,” Lord John unexpectedly becomes military governor of Jamaica when the original governor is gnawed by what probably wasn’t a giant rat. “A Leaf on the Wind of All Hallows” is the moving story of Roger MacKenzie’s parents during World War II. In “Virgins,” Jamie Fraser, aged nineteen, and Ian Murray, aged twenty, become mercenaries in France, no matter that neither has yet bedded a lass or killed a man. But they’re trying. . . . “A Fugitive Green” is the story of Lord John’s elder brother, Hal, and a seventeen-year-old rare book dealer with a sideline in theft, forgery, and blackmail. And finally, in “Besieged,” Lord John learns that his mother is in Havana—and that the British Navy is on their way to lay siege to the city. Filling in mesmerizing chapters in the lives of characters readers have followed over the course of thousands of pages, Gabaldon’s genius is on full display throughout this must-have collection. “Gabaldon is in fine form . . . weaving together characters’ lives, connecting plot points, and showing tantalizing glimpses of the larger Outlander world, of which this reader can never get enough.”—Historical Novels Review
Download Seven Stones To Stand Or Fall written by Diana Gabaldon and has been published by Doubleday Canada this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2017-06-27 with Fiction categories.
A collection of seven short stories set in the Outlander universe, never before published together, including two original stories. Over the course of her Outlander novels, #1 New York Times bestselling author Diana Gabaldon has created a spellbinding, brilliantly imagined world. Now, in Seven Stones to Stand or Fall, she gathers a magnificent collection of short fiction—including two never-before-published novellas—all extending the story of Outlander in thrilling new directions. This riveting, romantic collection includes: "Besieged" (original novella), "Survival" (original novella), "Virgins," "The Space Between," "Lord John and the Plague of Zombies," "A Leaf on the Wind of All Hallows" and "The Custom of the Army." Filling in mesmerizing chapters in the lives of characters readers have followed over the course of thousands of pages, Gabaldon's genius is on full display throughout this must-have collection.
Download Lord John And The Brotherhood Of The Blade written by Diana Gabaldon and has been published by Delacorte Press this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2007-08-28 with Fiction categories.
NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER Diana Gabaldon, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of the Outlander saga, brings back one of her most compelling characters: Lord John Grey. Here Gabaldon weaves together the strands of Lord John’s secret and public lives—a shattering family mystery, a love affair with potentially disastrous consequences, and a war that stretches from the Old World to the New. It’s been seventeen years since Lord John’s father, the Duke of Pardloe, was found dead, a pistol in his hand and accusations of his role as a Jacobite agent staining forever a family’s honor. Now unlaid ghosts from the past are stirring. Lord John’s brother has mysteriously received a page of their late father’s missing diary—and John is convinced that someone is taunting the Grey family with secrets from the grave. So he turns to the only man he can trust: the Scottish Jacobite James Fraser. But war, a forbidden affair, and Fraser’s own secrets will complicate Lord John’s quest—until James Fraser yields the missing piece of an astounding puzzle and Lord John must decide whether his family’s honor is worth his life. From the Trade Paperback edition.
Download The Custom Of The Army Novella written by Diana Gabaldon and has been published by Dell this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2012-05-21 with Fiction categories.
Diana Gabaldon, bestselling author of the acclaimed Outlander series, weaves an engrossing tale of war, history, and suspense in this original novella—now available as a standalone eBook—featuring returning hero Lord John Grey. London, 1759. After a high society electric-eel party leads to a duel that ends badly, Lord John Grey feels the need to lie low for a while. Conveniently, before starting his new commission in His Majesty’s army, Lord John receives an urgent summons. An old friend from the military, Charlie Carruthers, is facing court-martial in Canada, and has called upon Lord John to serve as his character witness. Grey voyages to the New World—a land rife with savages (many of them on his own side) and cleft by war—where he soon finds that he must defend not only his friend’s life but his own. Praise for Diana Gabaldon’s novels featuring Lord John Grey “Call it what you will—historical adventure, conspiracy thriller—it’s an engrossing story, masterfully paced, with exciting plot twists, swift reversals and robust characterizations.”—The Globe and Mail, on The Scottish Prisoner “[A] thoroughly entertaining and wonderfully witty historical mystery set in the richly detailed, occasionally bawdy world of Georgian England.”—Booklist, on Lord John and the Private Matter “From London’s literary salons and political intrigue to fearsome battle scenes in the Seven Years’ War, [Diana Gabaldon’s] writing is always vivid and often lyrical.”—The Washington Post, on Lord John and the Brotherhood of the Blade
Download A Trail Of Fire written by Diana Gabaldon and has been published by Orion this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2013-04-01 with Historical fiction, American categories.
The fiery trails of tracer bullets, as a wounded Spitfire falls from the sky. A Jamaican plantation burns deep into the night. A handful of heroic Highlanders fight their way straight up a vertical cliff to stand on the Plains of Abraham in a fiery dawn. And a torch burns green, through the eerie surrounds of a Parisian cemetery, down into the mysteries of the earth. Four Outlander tales, each set in a different time and place, and yet each one a fiery thread in the warp and weft of the epic story that began in Scotland in 1945, when Claire Randall first touched a boulder in an ancient stone circle and was hurled back in time...
Download The Scottish Prisoner written by Diana Gabaldon and has been published by Delacorte Press this book supported file pdf, txt, epub, kindle and other format this book has been release on 2011-11-29 with Fiction categories.
“This could be the worthy Lord John Grey’s breakout novel, as readers are treated to large dollops of Outlander hero Jamie Fraser.”—Booklist A captivating return to the world Diana Gabaldon created in her Outlander and Lord John series, The Scottish Prisoner is a masterpiece of epic history, wicked deceit, and scores that can only be settled in blood. London, 1760. For Jamie Fraser, paroled prisoner-of-war, life is coming apart at the seams. In the remote Lake District, where he’s close enough to the son he cannot claim as his own, Jamie’s quiet existence is interrupted first by dreams of his lost wife, then by the appearance of an erstwhile comrade still fighting to rally the Irish. But Jamie has sworn off politics, fighting, and war. Until Lord John Grey shows up with a summons that will take him away from everything he loves—again. Lord John is in possession of explosive documents that expose a damning case of corruption against a British officer. But they also hint at a more insidious danger. Soon Lord John and Jamie are unwilling companions on the road to Ireland, a country whose dark castles hold dreadful secrets, and whose bogs hide the bones of the dead. Praise for The Scottish Prisoner “Call it what you will—historical adventure, conspiracy thriller—it’s an engrossing story, masterfully paced, with exciting plot twists, swift reversals, and robust characterizations.”—The Globe and Mail “As always, Gabaldon goes above and beyond. . . . If you love historical fiction, this book could be a good entrance point into the Outlander world.”—Bookreporter
We have detected that you are using AdBlock Plus or some other adblocking software which is preventing the page from fully loading. We dont have any banner, Flash, animation, obnoxious sound, or popud ad. We dont implement these annoying types of ads.
This level is about Cole going down the elevator and finding a message from very thankfully from a still alive non-mutated HazMat Delta. It is also the only level where the only turret is.
Lieutenant Chew (With gunfire around him and on the radio): This is HazMat team Delta, were under attack! Requesting immediate support!
(Note that the armory is above the fortifications, Cole does not need to get out of the barricades.)
(All other Delta teammates are killed, fortantly not Chew however annoyingly he is killed at the end of the cinematic.)
Okay as soon as that damn misery elevator opens fire at the Theta stronger then Mutants, okay now make your way around the corner and fire at them and go down the ramp. Thankfully you will see the Man talking with a telephone around his ear and gunfire around him. And I thought Delta was dead. Now go around another corner to see a vault door go to it to open it, and what do you see? A mutant on a ledge running to who? Yep thats right Delta, you had better not jump down across the room from them because. Yep again mutants so you BETTER WALK ON THE structure and jump from there.
Good thing Deltas got five teammates, other then you, because the "Door Jumpers Then Being Painted Experience " is coming to be painted, with red or green. Give them a snack of lead or grenade delight. I love the Deltas fortifications, barricades and an elevated place to paint them from. Okay now go up the stairs to the armory away from "Batalion Mutagen Theta", well all of the mutant batalions should be called the photorical alphabet name of the same name monster that infected them, now are you safe from the mutants, are you? Well half yes and no, get the shells before the mutant bangs the door down (I wonder if there was a mutant coming from behind when you got back to delta) if you do, be prepared to get a shock or a death.
Ohh no, no way Chewie, no way AM I GOING UP TO THE ARMORY! The mutant banged it down, and theres more MUTANTS! God, no, now get to the armory room with the door banged down and more then three mutants, go get the wire before they start getting jumpy. Get out of there then go to that ventilation shaft and you see a cramped mutant, oh god no. Oh god yes! That mutant got electrocuted by the wire cut so fix it so your bald friends can come down and invite some wire eating ants. Now guess who's here, Crispy? Ramirez? The Theta? Nope, its the non caring officer, mister Commander Douglas Bridges. Another non care, him saying to do Deltas best. God I want to kill him!
Yay! The only turret in the game! You know what to do, you cant die, and if it was reality you could not die since the turret is attached to a pipe that highers when is being used (See Plasma Turret)
Marko and the Delta shall get on the turrets while Chewie goes blowin with you, well before blowin. He then blocks the entrance into the demolitions armory outside of the Delta fortifications, he gets his cover from the turrets. The room is a puzzle with inclined plains and several mites and one mutant. Get the demos from the ventilation and go blow with Chewie the far north walls of the huge hallway. (See screenshot) Go blow the southern walls and the northern walls for the cinematic.
This california hotel provides an outdoor pool and is 6 miles from palm springs international airport. Dating websites for singles in palm springs, california offering online dating services, introductions, matchmaking, events, chat, and more. Bedpagecom is the best-classified ads posting website in palmsprings, if you are looking for backpage palmsprings or cracker palmsprings then. Find men seeking men in palm springs online datehookup is a 100% free dating site to meet gay men in palm springs, california. Craigslist provides local classifieds and forums for jobs, housing, for sale, services, local community, and events.
Senior black dating sites - if you are looking for love, please register on this site to start meeting and chatting with other people right now. Palm springs women - meet single women in palm springs at adatingnestcom 100% free online palm springs dating site connecting local singles in palm springs to find. Changing the way we find love, one date at a time meet south florida singles at our singles events in jupiter, palm beach gardens, boca, ft lauderdale, and south.
Click the button labeled clear sites yelp palm springs kirkland new york san jose los angeles relationships & dating humor & offbeat. Millionaire matchmaker website free personals sites palm springs singles latinas dating white men transumers have studied litigation involves maintaining positive. Chat with singles on our free palm springs dating site dating in cathedral city michaelforlove cathedral city dating sites imfromchicago. Read our expert reviews and user reviews of the most popular dating sites in palm springs here, including features lists, star ratings, pricing information, videos.
Palm springs offers many unique unique sightseeing, fun things to do near me at night, free dating romantic getaways near me, picturesque sites,. What does psp stand for psp stands for palm springs palm springs dating, analog clock with date real time chatting female dating sites palm springs. Welcome to one of the largest online dating sites where you can find potential matches according to your location register for free and start dating online.
Personal matchmaking the ideal match is a small, personal matchmaking service focused on matching you with local, verified singles in san diego and palm desert. List of films shot in palm springs, california this is a list of films and television programs shot in palm springs the dating game – 1965–1999 tv series. The it’s just lunch difference: personalized matchmaking high touch service guaranteed dates our dating experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating. California hookup sites datehookup is a % free online dating site unlike other online dating sites chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a. Speed dating helps break the ice in palm springs area speed dating works for folks who find the dross of infinite flirtation on dating sites like eharmony.
Palm springs, ca romantic date palm free dating sites pick it is important to consider all relevant information when trying to decide on the romantic online. Find personals listings in colorado springs on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your. Online dating palm springs february, dating sites see a surge in black women it might just find out that you have any questions pack you pay,. Looking to meet the right singles in palm springs see your matches for free on eharmony - #1 trusted palm springs, ca online dating site.
Palm springs's best 100% free gay dating site want to meet single gay men in palm springs, california mingle2's gay palm springs personals are the free and easy way.
Personal ads for palm springs, ca are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to palm springs, ca and are.
Palm beach dating and relationships for palm beach singles singles in florida - singles singles | page 1.
Looking for mormon women or mormon men in north palm springs, ca local lds dating service at idating4youcom find lds singles in. Over 60 dating sites online dating helps you quickly and simply find your dream partner palm springs dating personals online dating free dating shemales. Bumble has changed the way people date, find friends, and the perception of meeting online, for the better women make the first move on iphone + android.
At Dynomite Detailing Service we provide oil spraying & everlasting rust proofing in addition to complete private and industrial detailing, shampooing, polishing and waxing on vehicles, vans, boats and RVs. We also specialize within the removing of industrial fallout from over-spray. We’re an ARI (Automotive Assets International) provider. We now even provide plane cleansing ! Get in contact or apply now to see when you might begin on this course in September. You can star items to avoid wasting them for later. You may e mail articles or post links to Twitter to share with buddies. Most unbiased repair shops charge between $70-$ninety per hour and most dealerships cost between $80-$one hundred twenty five per hour. That is more than a commodity. So with that in mind, shopping for a automobile needs to be a second of nice joy and pleasure; not a complete pain within the ass, which is what’s has develop into for so many.
The XW was launched in 1969 and although looking much like the final model had been beefed up with a more durable c-pillar and this gave it the looks of looking larger. J.J. Keller & Associates, Inc. assist businesses ensure compliance with constantly evolving industry rules. From trucking and transportation to the automotive body shop, J.J. Keller & Associates, Inc. provide essential steering and software administration options for automotive professionals.
You’re the one who is not understanding. You try to pick one or two salaries and the price of some merchandise, with no sources, and show your level. An automotive engineer has to work in a crew and talk with various kinds of people. Thus, a strong communication skill, inventive approach and efficient workforce work means will assist so much in this subject. For top positions in automotive engineering, most firms choose skilled … Read More ...
Panama city, fl buddhist temples - the most mellow and peaceful temples you can find check out the buddhist temples in panama city, fl buddhism. Panama city rehabilitation center 10 best drug rehab centers [ panama city rehabilitation center ]. Find catholic women seeking men listings in panama city, fl on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. Are you interested in meeting orlando buddhist panama city : cape are you looking to meet a buddhist single man or woman in orlando, florida, united states. Panama city personals - are you single most of our site users are single who want to meet or date someone visit our site for more information and signup for free now.
Dating website for panama city beach 100% free find singles from panama city beach and enjoy with them - mate4allcom. Meet panama city beach singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in panama city beach. Personal ads for panama city beach, fl are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to panama city beach, fl and are for ages 18+ of either sex. Panama's dominant religion is roman catholicism religion in panama one of the world’s seven baha’i houses of worship is located in panama city. Meet panama city singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in panama city.
Panama city florida: zip code: 32409 age: 34, leo height: 5 ft 9 in hair, eyes: dark brown, blue body: athletic ethnicity: white religion: buddhist politics: moderate. Hotels on front beach road in panama city florida : more than 97% of clients say they would recommend us to a friend or loved one [ hotels on front beach road in panama city florida ].
Panama city is a bustling city with lots to see and do a buddhist must-see place europe what to see and do in panama city, panama by stewart lawson 2. Panama city personals for women seeking men find a w4m date, browse postings with multiple pics and post ads easily.
Are you interested in meeting red deer buddhist singles if you are, then join our dating site registration is simple and membership is totally free just create your own personal 'friendship' ad and start meeting singles in red deer, alberta, canada. Dating in panama city is not exactly a walk in the park it can be challenging for panama city singles looking for a more meaningful relationships that. Best buddhist temple in panama city, florida saint dominic catholic church, northstar - panama city campus, hiland park baptist church, st andrew baptist church.
Mature dating for panama city beach mature singles meet mature singles from panama city beach online now registration is 100% free.
Panama city beach hot personals ads signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in panama city beach, florida looking to hookup on bookofmatchescom. Panama dating and matchmaking service for panama singles and personals find your love in panama now. A local vietnamese buddhist congregation is striving for religious peace and acceptance in the panhandle buddhist temple opening in panama city. Women seeking men for dating & intimate relationship in panama city beach bellow are the personals listed from panama city beach of sexy and hot women/girls registered for dating and casual relationship.
Our online dating site can help you to find more relationships and more dates discover your love today or find your perfect match right now panama city personals. 100% free online dating in panama city 1,500,000 daily active members. Panama city dating and personals personal ads for panama city, fl are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to panama city, fl and are for ages 18+ of either sex. Panama city draws an international crowd i met some canadians, americans, and people from other south america countries tourists might be your most viable. Page 2: find women seeking men listings in panama city, fl on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. Panama dating site walking around panama city you’ll see tons of people looking at their phones and black dating latino dating buddhist dating catholic.
vector clip art of cougars football team design with football clip art free black and white football clip art free bing
The Canadian policeman Louis Burke is assigned in a jail to investigate in some murders of prisoners and jailors. When in jail, Lois, using his ...
Alex Cutter (Heard) came back from war minus an eye, a leg, and an arm and mad as hell. He lacks direction, drinks too much, ...
Paul Kersey, LA architect and part-time vigilante, is fed up with violence and wants a quiet life. However, when friend's daughter dies of overdose, he ...
In 1880, four men travel together to the city of Silverado. They come across with many dangers before they finally engage the "bad guys" and ...
Number 5, one of a group of experimental military robots, undergoes a sudden transformation after being struck by lightning. He develops self-awareness, consciousness, and a ...
Jay Austin is now a civilian police detective. Colonel Caldwell was his commanding officer years before when he left the military police over a disagreement ...
A few years ago, a mysterious serial-killer caused panic on Crippen High School. The killer was never caught. A movie company, Cosmic Pictures, has decided ...
This website uses cookies for reasons of functionality, performance, and analytics as described in our Legal Notice. You can change your cookie settings at any time, but you may not be able to access content or other services correctly without cookies. You can Accept or Decline below.
Bizomy.com is a classified business for sell site that users can post businesses for sell. Or users may find businesses for sell in the classified postings.
Escape rooms are a gaming trend that has spread around the world over the last few years. There are thousands of rooms in Asia and hundreds in Europe and North America, and they are emerging in popular media such as the Big Bang Theory and Late Night with Conan O’Brian. In these analog games, teams of players are challenged to find hidden objects, solve puzzles, and accomplish tasks in about an hour with the goal of escaping a room. As is common with many phenomena in gaming, the question of “what was the single starting point of escape rooms” is one that many in the press desire to answer for their stories.
The concept of the Escape Room is not the revolution that marketers and reporters claim that winked into existence in Japan in 2007. Instead, it is a convergence of other games and interactive media. As part of a survey I conducted last year, the owners of escape rooms were asked what their inspiration was to start an escape room. About 65% of the survey respondents said that their inspiration came from playing in or learning about another escape room; common organizations named were SCRAP from Japan, Parapark in Budapest, Hinthunt in London, and Escape the Room in New York City.
The rest of the respondents were not aware of other escape rooms when they started. Their inspiration came from a variety of sources. Therefore, there is not one single origin for escape rooms; they are a convergence of other games and media. Instead, inspiration grew from a variety of genres such as live-action role-playing, point-and-click adventure games, puzzle hunts, interactive theater, and haunted houses that created the spark in someone’s head to create an escape room. It is the purpose of this paper to explore six precursors to Escape Rooms that emerged from these survey responses and then present escape rooms as an exemplar of the problem in the current divide between digital and non-digital games in game studies.
One game genre in which escape room roots can be found is interactive fiction games and their graphical implementation, point-and-click adventure games. Text-based interactive fiction games, most popular in the 1980s, require players to explore locations, find and combine items, and solve puzzles by giving textual commands to a computer. As mice and computer graphics became commonplace, this underlying game concept transitioned into point-and-click adventures; these two-dimensional games required players to explore settings to locate items, combine these items in unusual ways to overcome barriers, solve puzzles, and occasionally engage in insult sword-fighting (as in Monkey Island (1990))to continue the story and explore the world. Myst (1993) was a popular puzzle-based game that took these games into a rich 3-D space; some describe escape rooms as “Live-action Myst.” One direction that the genre moved into was web-based games (and now mobile apps) where players were trapped in a room and had to discover and combine items to solve puzzles and escape. These games became known as Escape-The-Room games, and some of the creators of today’s physical escape rooms were inspired by these digital games.
This point-and-click design concept – locate and combine key items in interesting ways – creates two challenges in escape rooms: inventory management and red herrings. In a digital point-and-click game, key items that are discovered were placed in the player’s inventory. When players were attempting to solve a problem, they could look at their inventory and try putting different items together until a solution was found. Players knew they were on the right track because the two items would fuse into a new renamed item. In addition, red herrings were not frequently used, so players had an expectation that if something could be picked up and put into the inventory, it would be important at some time in the game.
Escape rooms do not offer either of these aids in solving puzzles. There is no indication in the room as to what is important and what is not, so in poorly-designed rooms, many red herring items exist to “dress the set” but end up confusing and frustrating players. With no indication what is important and what is there for theme, players can end up spending valuable time exploring books, posters, and other items that have nothing to do with the game. In addition, there may be no feedback that a player is on the right track in combining two items; it is important that escape room designers ensure players either have information available to confirm that two items need to be combined, or a feedback mechanism so that players know they are on the right track.
Another game genre that has been an inspiration to escape room creators was puzzle hunts. In a puzzle hunt, players work in teams to solve a series of puzzles, many of which are paper-based or digitized versions of paper-based puzzles, which then lead to other puzzles, typically with a goal of solving a meta-puzzle that the other puzzles feed into. The puzzle hunt genre has been around for decades, with the MIT Mystery Hunt being one of the best known traditions where the prize for winning is the honor of creating the hunt for the next year. There continues to be a growth in puzzle hunts, some of which center on pubs and the social experience while others provide incredibly challenging and complex puzzles. The puzzles in escape rooms are usually simpler than those found in challenging puzzle hunts, but the team-based experience of solving puzzles is the same. Many escape rooms are structured after puzzle hunts, but with a focus on physical puzzles in a limited space for a single team.
A related activity is the treasure hunt or Schnitzeljagd (in German), where players follow a series of clues in order to discover a treasure. These clues may be puzzles or riddles, and players work together to overcome the challenges and win the game. Modern versions of these treasure hunt games include geocaching and letterboxing, where players either are given GPS coordinates or must solve puzzles to discover coordinates and then, once at the location, search for a hidden box. The same combination of hunting and puzzle solving goes on in an escape room, but in a confined space.
Large-scale escape games, such as the games produced by SCRAP for hundreds of people, use “Escape from the…” in the title, but are actually puzzle hunts with an escape theme more than an escape room model. As such, players expecting the type of activities they normally do in an immersive escape room are disappointed to be handed a pack of pen-and-paper puzzles to work through as quickly as they can, so they can turn in an answer and get more puzzles. Puzzle hunts tend to focus more on players working independently in parallel tracks, so they create a very different play experience than having an escape room designed with large-scale puzzles that groups need to work together to solve. Designers creating “escape room games” for home and classroom use should be aware of the importance of creating group challenges that everyone needs to work together on instead of using the puzzle hunt model to create escape room-themed puzzle hunts.
A third precursor to escape rooms is televised game shows and reality shows that put players in situations where they have to work in teams to solve puzzles and escape a situation. One of the earliest shows from the 1980s in the UK was The Adventure Game, where small teams performed a series of physical puzzle-based tasks to get out of rooms much like today’s escape rooms. Knightmare, another series from the UK from the mid-80s, put children in teams where one player wore a helmet and wandered around in front of a blue screen and interacted with props and actors while teammates watched a rendered version of the activities and provided advice. Fort Boyard and The Crystal Maze and were both team-based game shows started in the 1990s that combined physical prowess and mental agility, but lost the narrative that the earlier shows relied upon.
These early game shows were a precursor to the reality shows that followed, starting with Survivor (2000) and The Amazing Race (2001). Many of these reality shows had large-scale games and puzzles that players had to work together to solve, thus providing inspiration for escape room creators to develop the sense of spectacle that these shows provide. The popularity of these shows raised the cultural awareness of the activity of working together to solve a series of puzzles and accomplish tasks in a physical world.
Movies that portray adventures also have inspired some creators of escape rooms. Matt Duplessie was inspired by the Indiana Jones (1981-2008) franchise to start his 5 Wits Productions, as he wanted to create the opportunity for the player to live the adventure. Other escape room proprietors pointed to horror adventures like Saw (2004) and Cube (1998) as inspiration for escape rooms, as players are trapped in a space and have to rely upon their wits to escape. This concept has come full circle with Race to Escape, a 2015 six-episode series where three-player teams competed in identical rooms to see who could get out first.
The growth of interactive theater runs parallel to the growth of escape rooms. In both cases, participants are invited to engage with their environments in an interactive space that allows them to take an active role in their entertainment. Some of the creators of Escape rooms mentioned Sleep No More (2011) and Then She Fell (2012), two interactive theater experiences in New York City, as inspirations for their escape rooms. Haunted houses are closely related to these interactive theater experiences, as small groups of participants move from space to space engaging with actors and exploring a story. Many flock to horror-themed escape rooms that combine elements of haunted houses with puzzle hunts where players are trapped in the dark, taunted by chained-up zombies or shackled to walls. These lines will continue to blur with interactive haunted houses, such as Trapped at Knott’s Berry Farm, where players take on tasks and solve simple puzzles to find their way out of a haunted house.
The haunt industry is moving into the escape room space quickly, as escape rooms provide another way for those who produce haunts to have themed experiences that are of interest to customers during the off season. The large haunt conferences in the United States are adding escape room tracks, and it is expected that there will be a growth of vendors who supply the haunt industry to add versions of their products created explicitly for escape rooms. Many of the electronics and set pieces used in haunted houses could be easily adapted for escape rooms, and the horror genre is one of the more popular settings for escape rooms. This will also create more haunted houses that integrate puzzle-based experiences to heighten engagement and tension.
What is interesting about this combination of these two industries is that it will come out of North America where the haunt industry is much larger than around the world. While the larping approach, detailed below, may be stronger in Europe where larp is more widely accepted, and in Asia with the more common acceptance of cosplay, the haunt-based escape room approach may overtake the much smaller puzzle-focused escape room industry in the North America. It will be interesting to what influence the North American haunt market has on escape room design worldwide.
Another game genre that feeds into escape rooms is role-playing games and, more specifically, live-action role-playing games. As the popularity of Dungeons and Dragons grew, gamers wanted to experience their tabletop fantasies in more immersive settings. In the 1980s, a number of national organizations, such as the New England Role Playing Organization (NERO) and the International Fantasy Gaming Society (IFGS), provided rulesets and scenarios for players to dress up in costume, arm themselves with foam-covered weapons, and engage in scenarios that combined role-playing, puzzle solving, and combat. Some of these escape room precursors had players searching for clues and solving puzzles to escape from locked rooms made of tarp-covered frames out in the woods. True Dungeon took these concepts from live-action role-playing and created an event for Gen Con in 2003 where players worked through rooms solving puzzles under a time limit. Each player had a character, and fought monsters through a shuffleboard system, but there was no live-action combat. The focus was on mental skills and using class abilities instead of role-playing, and continues to be one of the most popular events at Gen Con.
When I presented this idea of escape rooms as being a part of live-action role-playing to online communities of owners and designers when discussing the results of this survey, many from North America were vocal in disagreement in connecting Escape Rooms to role-playing games. Owners responded that they believed it would hurt their business if potential visitors of these rooms believed there would be role-playing involved by the players. Part of this is cultural; larp is not seen in a positive light in North America, but it is more openly accepted in European countries, and is closely related to cosplay, which is accepted in Asian cultures. The implication of this appears in the design of these rooms, where many designers tack on a superficial narrative layer onto a series of themed puzzles instead of using the puzzles to convey the narrative. Using larp design concepts would encourage room designers to create player roles that matter in the story instead of relying upon stories where the players happened upon a situation. If players are not given the chance to immerse themselves into the narrative, then these rooms will continue to feel like a series of themed puzzles instead of offering rich narrative explorations. Offering players meaningful choices that emerge from exploring narratives is a future step in creating more engaging escape rooms.
Finally, escape rooms are at the intersection of games and themed entertainment, which creates a challenge for those planning and running escape room games as a business. Escape rooms are not the first commercial enterprises built around live-action puzzles. A few precursor businesses for escape room-like activities were Entros, a restaurant founded in Seattle in 1993 but no longer open, where diners participated in mystery games that took them throughout the restaurant, solving physical puzzles while others continued to dine. 5 Wits is a US franchise which first opened in 2003 and has teams working together to solve physical puzzles in an immersive environment within a certain amount of time to escape to the next room. MagiQuest, a feature of the Great Wolf Lodge franchise where players go on a scavenger hunt for items powered by a book of riddles and an electronic wand, debuted in 2006.
The themed entertainment industry also could be a place where the escape room industry could find a home, which would provide a way for escape room designers to work with amusement and theme parks to create more opportunities for group puzzle-based experiences outside of standalone experiences. However, there would be some challenge to this partnership, considering that activities in amusement parks need to be able to handle hundreds of participants an hour and that activities for smaller groups of guests usually require a significant upcharge and/or booking well in advance. Several large theme parks have already integrated analog/digital scavenger hunt activities into its parks, where guests travel from station to station solving simple puzzles built into a narrative, which results in the physical environment responding to the player. While simple, these puzzle-based challenges represent interest in the industry of creating interactive challenges that engage the minds of the guests and involve them in active roles instead of treating them as passive observers of an attraction.
There is no single origin point for Escape Rooms; they are a convergence of many other interactive activities and media. The search for a single point of origin of a new phenomenon is dangerous as it can blind people to the influence that different elements had in converging to create the phenomenon. This creates the copycat situation that we see in many current game design streams where designers look for one thing to copy and modify instead of looking at a variety of games, play, static, and interactive analog and digital experiences for inspiration.
Understanding the variety of precursors to Escape Rooms is valuable for Escape Room game designers, as it greatly increases the toolkit that these designers have in creating more engaging rooms. Too many escape rooms designers are cloning what they see in other rooms and relying upon tropes such as padlocks and black lights instead of trying new things, and looking to these precursors for inspiration can help. In addition, there are opportunities for those with experience in escape room design to bring these concepts to improve haunted houses, live-action role-playing, and the themed entertainment industry to keep live-action puzzle-based entertainment evolving. Examining escape rooms as a hybrid of design concepts from analog and digital games as well as other forms of media highlights a problem in the way games are typically considered in both scholarly and recreational circles. Game shops, gaming web sites, and game studies conferences tend to have an explicit focus on either digital or analog games. This divide makes it challenging to recognize the influence that each has on the other, even in this growth period of analog/digital games, such as digital game implementations of tabletop games and tabletop games with digital components. Do escape rooms, with their point-and-click video game design concepts married with the live-action analog space implementations belong in either community, and where in scholarship do they fall?
When scholars are deciding in which area to publish, they can be heavily influenced by the venues that are available. If most venues for publication and communities have Digital, Video, or something similar in their titles, these budding scholars will be less likely to explore analog or live-action games. Thus, while there has been considerable growth in the non-digital game industries and the related design space in the last few decades, few scholars are exploring these areas. Behind the scenes, many publications and conferences will consider a piece focusing on analog games, but to someone entering the field, the appearance is that digital game studies is the only feasible route. As new game-based activities emerge from the hybrid space of analog and digital games, the boards of large scholarly and professional organizations are encouraged to recognize the importance of dropping the Digital or Video names from their titles to encourage a broader exploration of all types of games and to stop discouraging young scholars from selecting a focus on a form of game that is not explicitly supported by the academy.
Scott Nicholson, PhD (@snicholson) is Professor and Director of the Game Design and Development program at Wilfrid Laurier University in Brantford, Ontario, Canada. He also directs the Brantford Games Network and the BGNlab, which brings together students, gamers, community members, game companies, and organizations that support learning to create transformative games. His primary research areas are escape rooms and other live-action games that bring people together for educational or team-building purposes and other forms of meaningful gamification. He was also the creator and host of Board Games with Scott, the first web-based video series about board games, and was the designer of the board games Tulipmania 1637 and Going, Going, Gone.
In our first issue of Volume IV, we train our attention to the themes of trauma, pain, death, and experiential play. The articles in this issue each take a particular game as a case study in how recent trends in analog game mechanics are shifting emphasis away from win conditions and towards narrative payoff, emotional themes, and deep identification with characters. As each contributor deftly shows, characters’ diegetic encounters with danger create states of anxiety for players, which leads to modes of reflexive play that trouble the distinction between the game world and reality.
In “The Psychological Abuse of ‘Curse of Strahd,'” Shelly Jones analyzes the gothic horror “Curse of Strahd” (2016) module for Dungeons & Dragons (5th Edition). Jones invokes scholarly literature on trauma studies and brings it into conversation with commentary from the game’s designers alongside her own ludic analysis to make the argument that the game’s mechanics, visual components, and narrative establish a unique allegory for processing trauma.
Greg Loring-Albright also explores representations of trauma in the cooperative card game The Grizzled (2015), which focuses on the experiences of French soldiers in the trenches of WWI. In “Can Friendship Be Stronger Than War? Mechanics of Trauma in The Grizzled,” Loring-Albright shows how the game’s historical theming as well as its mechanic by which setbacks and obstacles accrue to individual characters create an emotionally resonant gameplay experience that prompts a particular mode of identification with the game’s characters.
Finally, Ivan Mosca explores temporality and irreversibility in the hugely popular board game Pandemic Legacy: Season 1 (2015). In “Legacy’s Legacy: Irreversibility and Permadeath in Legacy Games,” Mosca shows how Rob Daviau’s new Legacy games upend many of the mechanics of cooperative board games that had heretofore been taken for granted. He highlights how “permadeath,” in particular, has begun to appear in analog games as well as digital games, and thus places new kinds of demands on players.
Together, the essays in this issue ask how the affordances of analog game mechanics can create unique gameplay experiences, particularly those that challenge our senses of safety, certainty, mortality, memory, and time.
You need to log into your router login admin panel but are stuck, as there is no clue what your router username (also called network ID) & password (also caller device key) is; you may had forgotten it or else this may be your first time since you need it and now don't know where to get it.
Congratulation, you are at right place! From most popular router companies like 3Com, Alcatel, HP, ZTE & ZyXEL to little heard Apple, Oracle & Orange - we have desired username & passwords for all!
If none of the Username or Password is working for you then, there is quick method to fix it, within next 2 minutes!
Actually, there is a small push button hidden inside it. All you need to do is, to use a needle or toothpick (or anything else, thin enough to can go inside), and press that button for about 5-10 seconds. After this, unplug the power and restart.
Now you have just reset your router to default factory settings. Next, see for a small sticker on body of your router device, which may look like this:
As you can see, there is default username & password written on this (please keep in mind different router companies refer to username & password by similar other names, like network key, network ID etc., so that may not confuse you).
Enter both these credentials written on that sticker to successfully log-into your router/modem device!
Reportern som ett verktyg för att belysa de andra: Narratologiska konsekvenser av den journalistiska ögonvittnespositionen2015Inngår i: Tidskrift för litteraturvetenskap, ISSN 1104-0556, E-ISSN 2001-094X, nr 1, s. 5-16Artikkel i tidsskrift (Fagfellevurdert)
40 Oh 1 - Its rich. creamy smoothness thrills your palate . . . It.s a taste sensation. . ,. .. ". . '. ' ' ::: )..:. ; -g , . = = " .. ...." c:=- =. ., .. / '" " '" *'-,' =- "'-..:: '\" Ah! - Flavor such as you've never ta ted before! Mellow. yet mild. . . a rare delicacy. . . . Connoisseurs , I .. \ltÞ.R'lElOUS , NATURAL fill' I '- -- ' I }J\ " ., f , I , , BUT they do make that al] important first impression. Custom- tailored suits, made to individual Ineasure, are the outward symbols by which you are judged. If you are interested in acquiring a wardrobe, we suggest you talk to us about the Weatheril] Wardrobe Building Plan. BY APPOINTl\:1ENT CLOTHES DON'T MAKE THE MAN / \ Business Suits $125 " \\, IHC 677 Fifth Avenue, New York Only branch In the u. S. of Bernard Weathertll, Ltd., London þ Royal Warrant Holders Means." (Mr. Means, convicted of the McLean fraud, is a prisoner at Leav- enworth. ) The ladies groaned and clucked over the executive ingratitude to Mr. Rice. "Yes," the latter went on, "there's a bad situation in this country. A very bad situation." The audience indicated wholehearted agreement. Head shook vigorously in affirmation and men grum- bled to themselves and to their neigh- bors. Mr. Rice said he went before "Sam Rayburn, leader of the Congres- sional Party in Congress, on the advice of Vice-President Garner." He said he had a talk with Rayburn in the Hotel Bilt- more and placed his Lindbergh affidavits before him. "Sam said, 'You have got the real evidence, Tom. This will prove Hauptmann innocent. This is the great- est scandal in the United States. If this story breaks it will cost Roosevelt the Presidency.'" Mr. Rice was exultant and the audience applauded. "Good!" shouted some of the women. "Serve him right!" Mr. Rice said he saved the late Andrew Mellon with those same Lind- bergh affidavits when Mr. Mellon's in- come tax was questioned. "I called on Mr. Mellon," he related, "and I said, 'Never mind, Mr. Mellon. I told the Democratic Committee that if they try to indict you, I'll break the Lindbergh case all over the front page.' Three days later the Grand] ury in Pittsburgh threw the Mellon case out the win- dow." Mr. Rice illustrated this with a sweep of his thin arm. The Hausfrau- en and their husbands cheered and ap- plauded until their faces were flushed. "Gaston Means' confession says that the kIdnap plans were made in the Im- perial Hotel In the city of New York in February, 1932," said Mr. Rice. "It also says that one of the contact men was Isadore Fisch. Another was Violet Sharpe. He also stated a hairdresser-a woman-was in the case, and that Means had a meeting place in Thirty- fifth Street where Isadore Fisch made his contacts. I was there. Means said this hairdresser took the baby. " Familiar though they were with this story, the lis- teners still found it freshly exciting. Men and women looked at one another signif- icantly and shook their heads. Mr. Rice went on and on, producing endless shocks with his statements. When he sat down, the applause was tremendous. M R. MERTIG introduced a Mr. J. T. M. Bleakley, a quavery, halt- ing speaker, who was described as a second cousin of Justice Bleakley of Westchester. Mr. Bleakley sought to expose great cemetery corporatIons as
Our friend Barnett fixes up vintage trailers to rent out during the Joshua Tree Music Festival. I really like the way he fixes them: a coat of paint for waterproofing, rusted metal patches on the siding, wooden window frames, improvised doors. The insides are usually gutted and painted bright colours; plywood patches are applied where needed. A lot of the trailer renos you see on the internet are painstaking restorations. This is not that. This is something a little wilder.
Contracts with them are not legal without parental or guardian consent. Crimes committed by minors are generally hidden from the public and given dramatically reduced sentences. The concept is simple. The brain of a child has not matured to a level that society believes they should be judged as adults. Furthermore most humans under the age of twenty-one, let alone eighteen, haven’t had enough of life’s experiences to really understand human behavior.
Of course when gangs, pimps, and child molesters are caught we imprison those who abuse children, or at least we use to, unlike the Pope who just transfers them to new locations or the Muslims who simply call it Sharia.
Here in California alone we will be releasing up to 10,000 humans convicted of some form of sexual crime in the next year.
Thousands of children will be molested, raped, or murdered because of these releases but the Liberals don’t seem to care.
Apparently some children don’t either as they continue to “march” and demand they be heard because “their lives matter” only when it comes to gun deaths.
The odds of a child being abused in California by someone NOT using a gun far surpasses the tiny fraction of the remote possibility that a child will be killed by someone firing a weapon.
Furthermore a majority of the children (and my guess is an even larger number engaging in these “marches”) have stimulants or depressants flowing through their blood stream.
Decades of Ritalin, Adderall, and a wide variety of prescription medications have robbed millions of children of a childhood, of the opportunity to mature into adulthood, properly.
Loneliness, scripts, drugs, and alcohol have weakened our children and made them susceptible to the biggest gang in America.
As Democratic politicians like to think and even say at times, “they have” the gays, the women, the hispanics, and the blacks.
Hollywood’s #MeToo moment should have been all one needs to know about the vermin that are in control of our communications through television, radio, cinema, and the internet.
The longer you lie to them and tell them this is all about guns the more guns and ammunition will be sold.
The Scarlet Letter of P will be found upon your stomach where you have mistaken your bile for brains.
When those children realize you’ve been protecting illegals over infants, criminals over kids, the real march will begin but it won’t be lead by the kids.
For those out there that cower from reality or find my words dangerous think upon this for a moment.
As you are reading this another child was just raped. Another little girl was just molested. Another little boy was just murdered.
You need only look outside Washington D.C. and Fox News, but if you continue to focus this way, at least venture to Fox Business and Mr. Lou Dobbs.
I’d give you a hard time Mr. President about your latest hire but as a friend of mine stated “I don’t care about John Bolton. He won’t be around longer than three months anyway.”
Your fellow citizens are ready and waiting, and speaking for myself, will gladly serve our great country FOR FREE.
It’s very clear that the Rule of Law has been abandoned. Even the abuse of Americans by foreign nationals, which happens daily, doesn’t seem to matter.
This is easy. Meet with the 300 plus American Sheriffs that want border security, and have them swear in thousands of Deputies, that you will then attach to ICE.
Both of these things are completely legal and it is my guess most of the new deputies could and would provide their own weapons, ammunition, water, food, shelter and not require a paycheck at all.
No National Guard needed. No dealing with whining liberal governors who’d rather support criminality than the United States.
No more allowance of the rape and murder of women and children that happens daily and is covered up by usage of the term Human Trafficking.
When you have both and still have the weakest Attorney General in the history of our country who does nothing….
It is truly amazing the topics over which some humans fight. The battle over things such as skin color, which no one can control, to the fight over abortion, which is quite controllable.
Maybe it is inherent to the human animal to battle, then again that may be necessary as the only thing more abhorrent than war are those unwilling to fight to be free. Oppression is historical and commonplace around the world.
Should a soul, that requires to be free, protect and defend those who have no such requirements, and if so, how?
Should the horse be forced to quench its thirst, or rather allowed to lay next to the water, and ignore every instinct to survive?
Natural selection would say the animal stay as it lay in the situation of its own making, to succeed or fail, depending upon its choice(s).
That those whom survive, are stronger for the struggle, and those who do not, take their genetics with them, so as not to weaken the species.
Too many are being “forced to drink” which has weakened the animal known as Human, and degraded the intellectual curiosity, of the citizen known as American, that propels societies forward.
Due to this degenerative time in history, hubris has replaced humility. The concept of Leadership known as giving credit and taking blame has been discarded in its entirety.
For another age of enlightenment to occur, we must use very specific terminology to explain and propel our way of life forward, secure in the fact, that not all will sustain the journey.
Humans with detrimental behavior will always have “small” egos. As the human grows and is aware of their own behavior, and how it touches others, ego can either strengthen, a positive response, or shrink, a negative response.
Those with growing egos are supportive, loving, strong humans that understand their own needs and desires and fulfill them without doing harm to themselves or anyone else.
Those with small egos are boisterous, loud, abusive, braggarts who abuse themselves and others. They are the genetic misfirings that have grown from decades of immorality, rationalization, justification and a lack of consequences.
The process of devolving is found everywhere today and sadly will continue to create an incredible amount of pain.
It is the evolution of the Ego that we need to understand and then pursue as the strengthening of the Ego is not the final step.
The evolution of the Human who accepts that the horse may not drink, yet still explains that the water is available.
Over the years many comments and questions have been sent my way. I’ve done my best to answer as many as possible. The overriding theme of Americans across this great country has been simple.
The concept known as Three Percent is easy to understand and explain. Only three percent of the population has reportedly ever engaged in actual combat to protect, support, or defend these United States.
China, India, Russia, most of the Middle East, and Africa make up billions of humans who are willing to live at the hand, and under the thumb, of other humans.
The one thing we do know about those who will live under the culture of Oppression is that they will believe whatever they are told to believe, do whatever they are told to do.
We know this because the human known as American has proven this year after year, decade after decade, century after century.
This culture is known as Freedom and fortunately it doesn’t take a large group to ensure it survives and thrives.
Cut the head off of the snake, and as the dead carcass flops to the ground, watch tens of millions immediately decide, the “easy” way is to follow the Rule of Law.
The following Novena has been dictated to Luz de María by Our Blessed Mother. Each day of the Novena, Our Blessed Mother wishes that, united with Her, we say the initial prayer, the prayer of the day and lovingly carry out the offering that She indicates. In the same way, She also reminds us: "As all My children know, during a Novena it is necessary to attend the Holy Eucharist." Note: This Novena can be done with love and devotion at any time of the year.
OUR LADY: Through previous Revelations I have prepared Mankind to love this Envoy of God Who will accompany you who remain faithful. He will accompany you in the instants of ferocious attacks by evil against all Humanity. (1) THIS MESSENGER OF PEACE DOES NOT COME IN ORDER TO REPLACE MY SON, BUT SO THAT EACH ONE OF YOU ACKNOWLEDGE MY SON'S KINGSHIP AND ENTHRONE HIM IN YOUR HEARTS IN A PERSONAL WAY, SO THAT EVIL DOES NOT TOUCH YOU ...
Jesus said no one is to take the chip, as He will look after us as He did with His People From the time of Moses ... the chip is a danger to the health of the body as it will control the nervous system which will control the moods of the person and will poison the body — controlling the person due to its implant tracking device. People will become like zombies ... before this chip comes there will be an ID card with all information world-wide ...
OUR LORD: “My Father knows everything – every thought, word, act and deed of your hearts, mind and spirit. He knows your past, present and your future. Therefore, trust in God’s Goodness, His Love, Mercy and Care for you. The coming year will begin with turbulence. The peace that men dream and preach about in the world, is a false peace. Unusual Alliances will be made by Powerful Leaders, but these Agreements will be broken and the Western Alliance of Nations will be betrayed.”
“He who loves, does no evil – He who does evil, does not love truly” “Trust in God every instant! Trust in God – do not fear even though on occasion you must wait. “Do not fear, for I am with you!” [Isaiah 43:4] He has a Plan for each one of you and He knows what you need and when you need it, because He knows you from within.”
BE CHARITY, CHARITY IS MATURITY AND MATURITY IS A SIGN OF FAITH, UNDERSTANDING, EDUCATION, RESPECT TOWARDS MY SON, TOWARDS ONESELF AND TOWARDS ONE’S NEIGHBOR. Charity is proof of a soul who has matured and this is what each of My children must maintain at hand in every instant. Give aid to your neighbor, be untiring servants of others.
This interview is a Question-Answer session lasting a little more than an hour (76 minutes). It is very interesting for most people. Many have similar questions in their mind concerning these times. Specifically, William explains the role Mother of God and Her apparitions and the role of Seers and prophecy in our day. He shows how God is warning the entire world about the signs of the times and what is necessary for God’s children. Many are asking: “What must we do?” Finally, William shares some personal experiences that are very edifying. Enjoy! ...
Men have forgotten My visitations at Garabandal with My urgent Message given to the world, so many years ago – China is about to make a very serious move against the free nations – There is a huge star getting closer to your Solar System; men will be astounded – Great Danger looms in Europe – Britain will not go well for leaving the European Union; more pain and division and Britain itself will divide – Blood shed and Martial Law in the U.S. ...
What is prayer – but only a way to communicate one’s love; every word uttered to the one you love, is special – The Asteroid is coming and millions will die – Those on the Mainland to leave the Coastline once the bright star is seen, as a tsunami will be driven at 100 metres high and flood many Coastline Cities.
The more that I experience life and the more people that I talk to people about faith, the more I realize that there are two basic types of people in this world: Those who become convicted and feel guilt for the sins that they have committed during their life journey, and those who are offended if you dare to suggest that they are sinners in need of redemption from God. Whether it be a pedestrian who shouts, “I don’t want that “sh–”, when you try to hand him a Gospel tract or a young man in a Bus station who listens carefully when you kindly tell him the Gospel, the difference is clear.
The Bible illustrates this difference in types of people early on in the Scripture. In Genesis chapter 4 we see the story of Cain and Abel (Gen. 4:3 – 13). Cain, because he could not accept God’s discontent with his offering of vegetables or fruit as a tribute to God, got angry at his brother, Abel, whose animal sacrifice was accepted as worthy. So, Cain, instead of swallowing his pride and changing his offering to please God, chose to murder Abel. He was envious of Abel and got angry instead of changing his behavior to conform to God’s expectations.
Another illustration showing the difference in people comes to us in the parable that the Lord shares in the Gospel of Luke (Luke 18:9 – 14). Here we see a Pharisee who considers himself righteous and justified by his works (he proudly fasts and pays offerings to the Temple). He even considers himself better than a simple man who is a tax collector and is at the Temple at the same time as the Pharisee. However, the tax collector is a man who humbles himself to God and (without even looking up to pray) confesses that he is a “sinner” and asks for mercy. Jesus makes the point that this contrite man will obtain mercy and forgiveness from God.
The apostle Paul’s dramatic conversion story paints the ultimate illustration of a man who responded to God and saw his need to change and turn his life over to Him. Paul, before he got saved on the road to Damascus (Acts 9:3-8), was a Jewish Pharisee who thought he was following God’s will by persecuting, arresting and executing Christians. When the risen Christ appeared to him, Paul knew he was wrong and had been persecuting Jesus, the God of the Universe by hunting down His church. He turned away from his sins, got baptized, and became the pre-eminent leader of the Evangelistic movement of the new church and took the Gospel message to the Gentiles.
The Bible is clear. Many will be offended when told that they need to change their lives and turn themselves away from sin and ask God for forgiveness. However, there are two types of people: those who are offended by the message to turn away from sin and turn their lives over to Jesus Christ and those who are convicted and feel guilty of their sins and accept Jesus’ offer for a new life that is glorious and adventurous.
| Tagged Acts 9, Apologetics, Bible study, Cain and Abel, Luke 18:9, Paul's conversion, Response to the Gospel	| Leave a comment
For his anger lasts only a moment, but his favor lasts a lifetime; weeping may stay for the night, but rejoicing comes in the morning.
Additional information Here is my lovely and original ’99 Porsche 996 Carrera 4 – manual 6-speed with 73,000 miles covered. MOT’d until March 2018
Finished in the fantastic Zenith Blue with matching Metropole leather, including custom trimmed gear-gaiter and handbrake. The interior benefits from colour coded console, sports seats (hard backed), carbon handbrake and gear lever, stereo, air-conditioning, factory PSM and sunroof. All leather is in excellent condition and doesn’t squeak, creak or groan!
My 996 is an extremely well looked after example and this is reflected in the comprehensive service history and receipts for work carried out on the car. Recently it’s had new steering rack, engine mounts, clutch, coil packs and a full service, the wheels were professionally refurbished by Rimfurbish and are immaculate.
The Porsche Aero kit was fitted at the factory and is all stamped up as genuine parts. The rear wing can be manually adjusted. The whole kit really compliments the shape of the 996 and coupled with the 18” wheels and height setting (it has factory fitted M030 sport suspension) really make the car stand out.
This is an extremely good example of a 996 C4 and I believe you'd be hard pressed to find a better example for the money. You are more than welcome to come and view it, but will need to provide proof of comprehensive insurance before test driving my car.
Pre Purchase Inspection (PPI) Does your next used car have a hidden history? For complete piece of mind, have a comprehensive appraisal on the car you have selected.
When you're buying your next used vehicle, you'll check the bodywork, the engine, and take it on a test drive. But what about the details you can't see just by looking? That's where an Online Vehicle Check can help. Get your HPI Check today in a matter of minutes.
R.I.P. City of steam. Missing a game like it.. but it'll probably never come. Also, Felspire r.i.p. but that's not as important.
infestation has a dead community and the developers are working as hard as they can to ruin the game, DO NOT TRY INFESTATION! you will be sorry
you forgot planetside 2. its not from 2018 but none of these games are from 2018 except fog of war and maybe a few other but planetside 2 is AMAZING for a f2p game. and its one of the fkin biggest f2p open world games out there.
This is such a shitty list. Unturned? Really? APB is dead. The Skies developers took everyone's money and abandoned the game. Almost every "Free Open World Games for PC 2018" are just copies of each other, with the games in a different order.
+Renzo Neira it's a screenshot from a gta V redux mod showcase. i've seen it. they do look similar though
You stole that thumbnail off of Dubstepzz video he created showing the graphcs mod for Grand Theft auto V, You are such a perfect person and Ill report this video because of copyright.
the sounds that were coming from cuisine royal had me heated and i wanted to punch something so bad lol godam pans and shit were irritating
Black Faith is not free and its a horror based shooter on steam soo i dont know how its possible but okay :D
Soul worker open world? are you joking? this is an instanced dungeon game it's the exact opposite of open world????
Unturned is a game made by the maker of Deadzone on Roblox, his name is Nelson Sexton. I said Gus Debutz but he is the creator of Apocalypse Rising on Roblox, sorry.
GROMO yh sorry for the misunderstanding I subbed the video was good anyway I should have not expected GTA or something lol as they were F2P
in desciption of all the games i put in the video they claim that the game is open world ! i didn't play all of those games but you got a point there and i undrestand what your saying ! anyways thnx for commenting and watching the video <3
GROMO the point of open world is that you can go anywhere and explore fog of war for example is a war simulator type game not specifically open world though I understand what your getting at
GROMO I didn't hate I was pointing out that a few where Minecraft rip offs I was wrong about the open world thing I have nothing against the video it was well made I was simply saying that a couple of them weren't truly open world but Minecraft building games
Its a bad game i downloaded it around a week ago again tried it it was such bullshit there were only a few players on the server and they were people that were P2Ws
GROMO yeah I like your editing which software do you use to cut it.... I'm also android editor check out chann:)
gta mods or somrthing like that ! just rearch and hopfully you will find what you need ! its hard to find those kinda photos :/ but its worth it anyways
i dont get them from anywhere i make them ! i apload a normal photo and i cut them from the original photo !
Most likely since its not a "new game", list is good though. I remember I used to grind the shit out of apb back then, apb is a must have.
apb reloaded is so good for a free game ! thats why i put it in the list ! its the only game from 2012 the rest of the games are new ! so why the hate ? :/
The main design change with the Taka 4 is reducing the amount of bias sleeve stretch. This makes the taka feel lighter and more responsive.
Of all of the Ezzy Sails, the Taka is the one that is the easiest to go vertical into the lip. The Taka is the easiest for landing backloops. And the Taka is also Dave Ezzy’s sail of choice for doing double forwards and wave 360’s. The magic of the Taka is the 3 and 3/4 batten shape that goes neutral when the sail luffs. This means that the sail goes completely flat when sheeted out in a cutback or when it passes through the eye of the wind in a backloop.
This website is currently conducting old website redesign, the services provided will be temporarily adjusted during the redesign period, please forgive us for the inconveniences caused.
We will take your business portfolio, review your ideas and marketing strategies. With this information we will put together a projected business plan that will show you where your business could be if you allow us to implement our strategies.
L Shaped Computer Desks Ikea. Captivating L Shape Computer Desks. Great Antique Leather Club Chair. Magnificent Mango Wood Bookcase. small l shaped computer desk with hutch l-shaped computer desks for small spaces l shaped computer desks with hutch
The office filing cabinet has become a staple in offices as well as in homes. It keeps all your files and paperwork safe and organized. Today, there are numerous options when it comes to these cabinets. One of the modern features available are mobile capabilities. These allow you to easily move your office file cabinet in case you have to transfer it to the office or another living space, without having to take out all the documents inside.
There are numerous very good factors with regards to a glass office desk which are vital that you bear in mind. One of these is that glass office desks will often be much lighter as compared to wooden or metal types. It is because obviously glass is much more lightweight, which works well if you are planning on necessitating a move of your furniture more than once in the future. Another advantage may be the look of such desks. In contrast to cumbersome wooden desks, glass desks possess a lightweight, more contemporary look to them, which makes them perfect for the upward traveling company supervisor or anyone with a very modern day style and taste for their office furniture. Depending on the specific type of glass desk you select, your desk storage must be perfect at the same time.
Modern office chairs are made of quite a few types of materials. For instance, there are quite a few polymer or plastic chairs which are quite light and yet so very durable. There was a time when all these chairs used to be made of wood. But wood is not an eco friendly material at all as it involves the cutting down of trees. A lot of chairs are also made up of aluminum which is quite durable, lightweight and also strong. These modern office chairs made of aluminum are quite versatile in shape as the material is quite malleable. You can get chairs that are of various colors and styles to suit your special tastes and sensibilities.
Conference tables with drawers serve all functional needs in a conference room. Important documents can be placed in these drawers that can be easily accessed by conference participants. Drawers are convenient as space on the top of the table may be limited. These tables are designed to comply with space management features. A credenza can be fixed as wall mounts where there is little space. A special conference table can accommodate three drawers on each side of the table and has central double chest with double door opening.
Stockholms universitet, Humanistiska fakulteten, Institutionen för litteraturvetenskap och idéhistoria.
The famed director has offered up his list of top 10 films of 2013 to the fan site www.tarantino.info. Here’s
No Tears for the Dead: A hit man traumatized from accidentally killing a young girl during a job is given the mission to eliminate her mother, and begins the ultimate fight to save her life.
Right ventricle perforation is an uncommon, but potentially fatal, possible complication of pericardiocentesis. We presented a case of right ventricular perforation that developed during urgent pericardiocentesis due to tamponade. This case was successfully treated with the incremental removal of the drainage catheter, replacing it with a smaller catheter at 10-minute intervals. This may be an alternative option to treat iatrogenic right ventricle puncture occurring during pericardiocentesis without cardiac surgery or a vascular closure device.
03:38 I'm crying inside how stupid people really are. Look at them. They are not getting any smarter.
...well, not really, but it sure could have been a lot better. Then again, any year for me post-1981 could've been improved on at least 75% musically (and 99% socially, health-wise etc.)...yeah (bear with me...if you tend to get bored by my personal reminiscences skip down a couple of paragraphs), I still remember being swept away by all of those great underground bands of that glorious seventies era when it seemed as if new ideas could easily be fleshed out and mutated into interesting and unique directions for this thing called ROCK & ROLL to develop and grow, but that all seemed to get washed away pretty much overnight (or so it seemed to me back in those soon-to-be-vapid days). The closing of the old Max's Kansas City was the first blow soon to be followed by the death of Lester Bangs a few months later, and as far as "era's end" goes you can't get any more dramatic than that unless you wanna count Kennedy getting his skull blown off him! And who can deny that when ol' Les died, he took the seventies with him. And what replaced that era of underground rock seemed like such a twisted, distorted and joke-take on what was once good and wholesome at least to the point where I hadda stop kidding myself after awhile and FACE THE FACT that no matter how much Greg Shaw pleaded and prayed, it wasn't coming back. But I digress...let's just say that if I had to live 2004 all over again, I'd rather choose 1979.
Keeping all of the personal trials/tribulations out of it, 2004 was STILL a pretty mediocre year not just for music in general but for the entire BLACK TO COMM empire, or what remains of it these days. But it's not like I really should KNOW...let's face it, I haven't paid much attention to anything in the music realms (above or under) other than what I want to pay attention to, and other than reading weblogs and stumbling across a name of interest (usually some ragtag underground thing playing at CBGB) that I research via a variety of search engines, I really am outta the loop with regards to "what is out there," or "what is BIG or even 'hip' these days." As if I really cared. When I was 18 I cared, because I was supposed to be in the "prime of my life" and there were a lotta things old (NUGGETS bands) and new (Pere Ubu) that were playing the soundtrack to my suburban slob brat existence the way the so-called "corporate rock" acts and disco never could. Nowadays I've seen too many bad things happen to the once wild-and-wooly world of rock & roll to KNOW that remedying the sad situation (y'know, the one which Billy Miller and Miriam Linna WARNED US ABOUT in the early issues of KICKS) is long gone past the repair stage. Let's face it, the punks (before they became punques!) valiantly tried at one point, but the fact that Stoner Ameriga hadda forsake the BIG BEAT in favor of "classic rock" schmalz has resulted in a death stench that lingers in the nostrils this far down the line. And yeah, I've said the same thing over and over again for years now...this is for the neophyte peruser who's just happened upon this blog by chance so be PATIENT for once in your life, savvy?
So as far as my top ten fave rave list for the year goes, I'm afraid it would mostly consist of oft-played old gems and recently-purchased classics, amongst them The Byrds' FIFTH DIMENSION, some 2-CD garage-band set mixing sixties classics, seventies punk and modern tribute that came outta Canada, The Velvet Underground AT THE ANDY WARHOL MUSEUM CD-R and the first disc of the PEEL SLOWLY AND SEE box set, as well as the Le Stelle De Mario Schifano reissue on Akarma. As far as any new items go, up on the top would be the Edgar Breau CD as well as a number of Japanese groups like LSD March, whose latest is certainly up there on the top ten for not only this year, but this decade. The rise of the new Japanese underground, with aggregates such as Up-Tight doing rather well despite their most recent being a bit of a comedown goes to show you just how much of an influence that the legendary Les Rallizes Denudes (the Japanese Velvet Underground) could have on more groups than anyone would be willing to 'fess up to. But, as you'd guess, none of these acts Japanese or not that I've been plugging to the rafters are exactly household names or at least in any of the households I invade, but then again given that internet has made it possible for anyone to connect with anything at anytime, does it MATTER if your favorite group ain't exactly tearin' up the Hit Parade like they probably wouldn't have twenty years back? Naw, today you can connect directly with whatever or whomever you wish, and acceptance can become yours with the mere flick of a switch!
I didn't say it earlier, but an award should certainly be given to Edgar Breau for his wonderful CANADIAN PRIMITIVE CD which I raved about a few months back and still can't seem to get out of my mind...remember when rock godz like Brooce Springsteen used to brag about taking sixteen months to make a record??? Well, this one took sixteen YEARS so I guess that makes it REALLY good, eh? (Pun unintended!)
The Hanuman Sextet also put out a wowzer that it seems just about everybody didn't connect with this year as well. Again, this is one of those great releases (a CD-R on the miniscule "Rent Control" label) that you'd THINK someone out there besides me would pick up on (and perhaps help move another two copies!) yet it's stuff like the Hanumans that makes a jaded for life fellow like myself want to keep on living while everyone else out there is doing...whatever it is everyone else does I guess. If you want to know what's really "happening" in the here and now (at least on a superior BLACK/BLOG TO COMM plane), check out the CBGB Lounge on Sunday nights! A great way to get over the Sunday evening doldrums...now if only they'd remember to turn on the cameras one of these days...
As far as the Japanese rock movement goes, I'll continue to give the time of day to THE NIGHT GALLERY (the original, not the second, not quite up to snuff followup) which reminds me of why I still flip for the early-Velvet Underground atmosphere and how it can still mean just as much to me (and a number of Japanese) now (as a building-block as to how rock & roll should be judged) as it did then. Also big on the laser launching pad this year is Hiroshi Nar, a longtime Japanese proto-punk figure whose recent discovery at least in the Occidental world proves that all that gab about rock & roll as the "Universal Youth Language" that was going around in the seventies was a reality after all! And in case you're interested in buying any of these new Japanese releases, Eclipse Records is only a mouse-click away.
As far as those must-have reissues go, just about everything on Gulcher (or at least everything that I've reviewed) is worth a spot on any top-ten/twenty list (especially all of the Gizmos releases, including the Slippytown-only limited-edition CD-R entitled RAW TAKES 1977 that I reviewed here), plus the Norton catalog is always worth the time it takes to look through it not to mention ORDERING the goodies therein! Believe me, if it's good it's in the Norton catalog...comprende??? Anyway, for a few of my opinions regarding a coupla recent Norton releases, just click on here.
Going English for a spell, another big reissue of the year was that of Kevin Ayers' JOY OF A TOY which not only brought back fond import bin memories but reminded me of just how good British rock could have been before it had to take itself too seriously and pretension/ego took over. Plus the bonus tracks with an audible Syd Barrett was worth the umpteen-year wait most of us had to endure!
Lessee, what else is there? OK, how about best book of the year??? There were a lotta contenders for top reads this past solar rotation ranging from the LI'L ABNER collection to the recent Suicide bio, but the biblio that has made the biggest impact on me this year hasn't even been reviewed on this blog. Well, it had, but my writeup was of such a poor quality that I quickly excised it for fear of being labeled a bigger nimnul than people already think I am, but anyway the book in question isn't even music related but historical in nature, and the subject matter really appealed to me on a youthful "if it looks cool I wanna know more about it!" level. This missive's title is none other than SUBMARINE WARFARE IN THE CIVIL WAR by Mark Ragan, and it's a very good piece together history of the submersible ships (or "Infernal Machines") used by the North and especially the South during the War Between the States. For someone who thought that submarines, like comic strips and automobiles, were mostly a 20th century development, this book is a godsend that not only shows just how extensive submarines were being used in the mid-nineteenth century, but proves that subs, like the aforementioned comics and autos, had been in development for quite some time before they became more or less "perfected" in the "Modern Age."
It's really eye (and conscious) opening reading about these early, modern-looking ships, most of which were partially or totally man-powered (remember, the gasoline engine had yet to be developed) and pretty deadly at that, not just for the battleships that were about to be rammed with a projectile, but for the submarine crews who were entering into a Brave New World of warfare ne'er before dreamed of. Scores of men lost their lives in the these subs' trials as well as in battle, and since a lotta records had been lost and destroyed over the years Ragan had to really piece the puzzle together using not only old newspaper articles (many of which were rather, er, inaccurate) and surviving documents, but recently-discovered drawings and letters which shed maybe a shard of light on the subject, but anything is better than nothing especially in this day and age when it seems that we have to grasp for all we can with regards to these shadowy and clandestine subjects. (Remember, at the time submarine warfare was pretty much considered less than kosher, almost like dirty pool if you can fathom that!) Naturally, much space is devoted to the best-known of these subs, the Hunley, which has recently been raised from its watery grave and is being readied for museum display in the hopefully near future, but ample space is given to WHATEVER WE KNOW about other ships like the Alligator, the Captain Pierce and other weapons of war which woulda looked oh-so-cool to me had I got an eyefulla these streamlined wonders back when I was eight.
Enough on books...now how about the bummer of the year??? Keeping everyday things in my life that'll probably bore you to pieces out of it (illnesses etc.) I gotta say that the biggest bummer at least for me just hadda've been the death of Greg Shaw, perhaps the most noteworthy rock & roll loss in a long time, at least with regards to my own fanzine-oriented mindset. Johnny Ramone's passing was a big deal as well, don't get me wrong, but Shaw was a big guiding light for fanzine dorks like me, and although I never "made it" as big as others who were following the lead of Shaw in the fanzine world (like, say, Mike Stax), I felt that I learned as much from him as I did from my own hard knocks. As far as the biggest personal bummers go, this year's HAND'S DOWN WINNER were the personal attacks and assaults made regarding me, my private life, musical tastes, beliefs and my BLACK TO COMM fanzine via the weblogs of not only Dave Lang but Jay Hinman and Ken Shimamoto. Y'know, these digs at me and at my various scribings and opines don't usually get my Irish up, but they most certainly do when they're perpetrated on me by people who I've considered friends at least on some level (although Jay seems to have forgotten all about any sorta correspondence that had developed between both of us, which I guess is his right and something COMMON going on amongst former allies), and really fellas, it's not that I was "hurt" by any of your comments...pissed is a much more accurate way to describe how I've felt after reading the half-truths, distortions and outright LIES that all three of these "people" deemed me to be oh-so-deserving of. David seems to have forgotten the things I've done for him like get hold of rare, out-of-print back issues he shoulda paid through his pig-like snout for, but oh no, his pinko self had to go and prefabricate a whole lotta bile about my Neanderthal-level racism/sexism/whateverelsethereisism for whatever occult reasons he had in mind! A regular bundle of laughs for sure, and I'm sorta ashamed of myself NOT for what has happened to me, but for not spotting the jizbag when I should've in the first place. Well, I've learned one thing from my experiences with Dave, and that's when you BEND OVER backwards to help someone out, you're more than likely to get sodomized. And Dave, a good nickname for you would be "Bubba"...get any new tattoos lately?
Continuing on the rampage begun by Lang, fellow blogger Jay Hinman just hadda jump into the anti-BLACK TO COMM fray with his own "comments" which naturally resulted in a whole slew of unexpected remarks from a variety of sorts, some of 'em whom I've had no problems with prior and whom I never said anything derogatory about (which once again had me scratching my head to the point of terminal baldness!). I gotta admit that reading the remarks of the likes of Heinrich Olausson kinda "got to me" (that and knowing that X-tal leader J. Neo Marvin was still alive and kicking) because it's like I never did or said anything uncouth about him, and after all was said and done these "actions" on the part of a whole lotta fair-weather pals o' mine only helped stoke the fires of hate I have for a lotta people even more! In the past I used to try to shoosh these anti-me/BTC comments under the ol' rug, but then as time crept on I began to realize that by keeping quiet, people started thinking that I was automatically GUILTY of whatever charges were brought against me, and in the sage words of Popeye "That's all I can stands, I can't stands no more!" And really, I kinda got the impression that some of you readers thought I was DOUBLY guilty of any wrongdoing solely for coming to my own defense!
Both Lang and Hinman deleted their comments (nice gesture bubs, but TOO LATE...do you think anyone'll GO NEAR ME after the bile you spewed [just take a look at the number of comments people leave for me as opposed to you]???) but Shimamoto didn't, and I gotta admit that his li'l snit "reference" stung the most. Here's a guy who was calling me up all the time, chatting about Detroit rock this and Mick Farren that for hours on end who seemed like the coolest person who could have graced this earth, and yet he too had to jump on this anti-Chris bandwagon making a whole slew of unfounded comments about me and my "beliefs" in an attempt not just to "censure" but to BURY. Listen Ken, any guy who goes about writing stories about black blues singers who like to pee on white women doesn't have any room to talk! And OK, so that's bad taste...hey, I GREW UP on seventies bad taste just like a lotta other people, only I knew enough not to progress to the modern-day politically pious version like you undoubtely have! Having to be called sexist (well, OK, I am traditional in many ways as are most people at last count), racist (hmmmmmm, if I were I wouldn't even have let you come NEAR me, and besides it's you who was tossing about the "guinea" term...did I ever make any terse comments about your race???) and homophobic (maybe about as much as everyone else who voted against same-sex marriages) in that typical hit and run fashion is bad enough, but when it's done by people whom I've given ample magazine space to and bragged about to my TRUE friends...well I know my back is large enough to sustain more knife wounds but et tu, Kenny? (hic!)
But why end this diatribe on a sour note? There were a few good things about the year 2004, like the 9-CD Albert Ayler box set which I'm going to have to tackle more sooner than later, not to mention the Rocket From the Tombs reunion CD which I have on order (though frankly, I'm not expecting that much) and the Henry Flynt and the Insurrectionists CD on Locust which is also winging its way to my door as we speak, so it wasn't like the year was a TOTAL washout. And I'm sure 2005 will offer us some new wonders by groups both new and old, with a few good archival digs in store and who knows, perhaps there will be a few more new acts out there that I can get obsessed over just like in the old days. I mean, I wasn't expecting much from the likes of LSD March or Up-Tight, and those bands are amongst my tops for the year...three years ago, who woulda thunk??? But whatever, here's hoping that all of you faithful BLOG TO COMM fans have a Happy New Year and may everyone I dig stay healthy and groovy with plenty of fine eating, heavy-duty musical listening and generally great TV jamz all the year through. All the rest of you (and you know who you are!) can go to hell.
While in the midst of preparing my massive New Year's Eve wrap-up I thought I'd toss out this list of my faverave Top Ten Tee-Vee programs of all time (or at least the Top Ten of this week!) in order to add a little levity to your probably sagged-out post-Holiday existence. Nothing serious here, just having a little bitta fun with this filler that's bound to get some of the brainiac types confused so don't get too excited...
4) THE HATHAWAYS-Peggy Cass did more with her life than pop up on TO TELL THE TRUTH (or was it I'VE GOT A SECRET or WHAT'S MY LINE??? All those shows were interchangeable to me!). And sharing the spotlight with a buncha chimps didn't hurt any either!
5) HAVE GUN, WILL TRAVEL-Richard Boone as a sophisticated yet brutal gun-for-hire in the Old West works well despite just how bad such a concept could have flopped in the wrong hands and at the wrong time (like say, 1971). Too bad he hadda go to pot, get fat, shaggy and become HECK RAMSEY!
7) DRAGNET-...and who can forget Joe Friday? You may prefer the long-running fifties version or swing with the more popular late-sixties variety, but any way you choose it you just can't lose it!
8) THE OUTER LIMITS-Some may say that this, along with ONE STEP BEYOND was ABC's answer to THE TWILIGHT ZONE, but it had a bared-wire intensity all its own. I still remember freaking out over "The Zanti Misfits" not to mention that episode that took place on the moon with the bald guy with the goggles and the big, bulging radioactive eyes. As I was screaming in fear my dad was joking with me, saying that the guy "looks like Mickey Mouse!" No wonder I hate Disney!
And folks, if you'd like to leave a comment about a specific entry on this blog, let me remind you that all you have to do is click on the highlighted pound sign at the end of the post which will take you to a page repeating the very same entry complete with a place where you can leave your own comments as well as read those that have already been left. (If I were you I'd try to avoid the "general" comment box at the bottom of the main page, a mistake I'd get rid of even though I'd be losing the comments already posted therein.) Even if you're not a "member" of blogger you can always write an "anonymous" response/retort, though leaving your name would be "nice" but not mandatory. Anyway, I thought I should remind you about this pertinent info in case you had something important (or maybe not-so) to add to/detract from these thrilling and oh-so meaningful (especially in this vacuum-packed world of ours) posts I have been making for well over six months!
THE TOTAL CHRISTMAS TALLY IS NOT QUITE IN AT PRESSTIME, but I can tell you that this year I actually made money on the deal for a change! Last go 'round had me way inna red, but scaling back on presents for the uncles/aunts/cousins helped a bit (broke out about even there) though fortunately I did exceptionally well with the closer relatives and gained about $250 in the process. Not bad, and I hope I can do even better next time, finding even cheaper gifts to toss at the folks with perhaps even greater rewards my way!
However, my disappointment over the utter lack of useless junk gifts this 2004 season should be noted. Not one Thing Maker or Kenner's Give-A-Show Projector graced the bottom of my tree, nor did any Dinky Toys get stuffed into my stocking! Even something more "adult" (and needed!) like a new turntable/stereo set was not to be found, though I've come to expect that from people who can't take hints no matter how many times you hit them on their noggins with sledge hammers. I'm only hoping for better results in this division comes the 2005 season so wish me luck 'cause I need it given how all those little "asides" and "nudge-nudges" this year were all for naught!
Thankfully there were some highlights to Christmas 2004 (which paled next to past Christmasses of worth especially 1971, 1975, 1976, 1979 and who can forget the infamous "Sock Christmas" of 1983, but I've come to expect that). The best part of this Holiday Season was watching both the MR. ED Christmas episode (where Ed relates to Wilbur the saga of how it was a horse who led Santa Claus on his initial journey) and especially the Mr. Magoo looser-than-diarrhea adaptation of A CHRISTMAS CAROL which was originally aired in the glorious year of '62 and shelved since at least the latter portion of that decade for all I know. After having not seen it in, er, quite a long time, I found it rather...staid in the worst sixties NBC "quality programming" way with too many boring musical numbers that probably had me and a thousand other kiddies running for the 'fridge or commode, plus the lack of any Magoo "regulars" like Cholly added to the overall glum nature of this maybe not-so-special. (And the characters who were in it were so lackluster...Bob Cratchit came off like an aimless simpleton while Tiny Tim was so unloveable that I was hoping he wouldn't get that life-saving operation given how utterly boring he was!) Still, it was great to once again osmose that classic UPA animation that made up a small yet strong enough part of early-sixties television (see my Dick Tracy review for more), plus after all these years I got to see that strange "Ghost of Christmas Past" character, this ambisexual being (with long hair and voiced by a woman [Joan Gardner or June Foray...sources differ], but was she or wasn't she???) sporting a flame above it's head who for some odd reason really, er, appealed to me as a five-year-old. I don't know why...it couldn't have been anything sexual 'cause I was way too young for that sorta chicanery, or maybe it was my own mixedupness about the roles men and women play in this world, but somehow I fell in love with this ghost, or at least fell in love as much as a post-toddler could I guess! Maybe it was a platonic thing similar to the feelings Julian Cope had for Damo Suzuki, but there was something about her (?) I found most attractive if you can believe that! Perhaps it was the long hair, the slender figure or even the distorted wispy voice...good thing I didn't see DEATH IN VENICE at the same age or else I woulda really been sexually screwed up! If anything, my infatuation over this character must have prepared me for the likes of Marc and Alice and David only a few short years later!
The only "culturally significant" arrival worthy of mention in today's post is the recently (give or take a few years) reissued MAD STRIKES BACK paperback (ibooks, 2002) that was unleashed on the market as part of MAD magazine's fiftieth anniversary celebrations a couple years back. Naturally these paperbacks collecting the early MAD comic book-era sagas are now pretty much needless considering how everybody and his brother have been reprinting these now-legendary (and perhaps overly-praised) stories in one form or another ever since MAD's half-century celebrations began, but considering how they were perhaps the only place to read the original MAD comics (as well as anything EC related) for a long time it's sure neat seeing these old-timey paperbacks available in their original form again even if the printing isn't reduced to a faded grey and the pages are supple enough that you can bend the book without cracking the spine! I remember when I got my first copy of this 'un back in 1972...it was at the National Record Mart in the Eastwood Mall and seeing it in the paperback racks (with the original cover restored---none of that Peter Max stuff that plagued the previous edition!) almost made my eyes pop out (amongst other things!). I immediately picked up a copy and handed it to the pseudo-hippie with the wild print shirt and necktie at the counter and rushed home to read it, which I did with relish (and perhaps some mustard and ketchup as well...hey, I like OBVIOUS jokes just like the next guy not to mention Harvey Kurtzman himself!). Needless to say, when the other Ballantine collections of the original MAD paperbacks began popping up in the racks after a few years of being out of print I was there to latch onto 'em, and you can bet your bottom dollar that when I'm through re-re-re...reading this new MAD STRIKES BACK its gonna join that very same copy I purchased oh so long ago along with the others in that big box of paperbacks sitting in my closet! The highlight of this Holiday Season, at least so far!
Maybe I'll get another post in before my New Year's "best," "worst," and "even more worst" of 2004 year-end wrapitallup, but don't count on it! Blaw!!!
Sorry there isn't much to today's post, but to put it mildly, I'm bored! Can't even get in the mood to write a review of some old gem I dug outta the collection and spun for the first time in twennysome years. Maybe it's the time of year bein' the Christmas season and all that's getting me down...now, back when I was a stoolboy I used to love getting away from the salt mines for the Christmas break and like any other normal uncultured brat I spent a good hunka the month of December anticipating unwrapping all the presents I was gonna get December 25th morn, but (sad to say) them days're gone forever. Now Christmas is nothing but the last "big event" of the year before I have to look forward to three more months of bitter cold, and at least those months were made merrier by the presence of not only high energy television but rock & roll and comic books to get all obsessed over as I froze my fat butt off! Maybe if Christmas was more like it was back in those golden days of fun trash growing-up suburban ranch house living...really, wouldn't it be great if us grown ups got two weeks off from work (with pay!) and just goofed around at the mall or over at someone else's house breaking their new toys and all that fun stuff??? I mean, I'd really love to spend Christmas Eve with the cousins just liked I usedta, joking around and turning on all of the lights and appliances tryin' to blow the fuses in order to rile up the old folks and eating and drinking until we got sick and staying up late watching some old movie on TV because it made ya feel like a big guy---real big kid stuff! And of course for Christmas we could get more of those goodies we wanted oh so bad as kids! I make it no secret that I'm hoping this year Santa'll leave me a whole buncha old MAD magazines and paperbacks, some classic Corgi Toys, a Mattel Vac-U-Form and of course that SUPERCAR model with the pre-patterned directional guide that I've been lusting after for as long as I can remember. Naturally I'll spend my Christmas dough at the mall browsing through the records in the import bin just like I did during my influential mid/late-teen years "pouring my money down a rat-hole" (as my dad used to say) on Monty Python and Amon Duul albums! Now if I can only get hold of Mr. Peabody and his Wayback Machine so's I can live my fantasies out and not just grumble about the real ghosts of Christmas Past like some post-modern Scrooge! At least when I was a kiddie Christmas meant something, and it wasn't this "peace on earth" drivel! It was pure, unadulterated GREED, goofing off and eating till ya burst, all of which we can use a lot more of these sissified days!
As for other things (non-Christmas related), right now I'm not only kicking about how to execute (key word) my year's end (perhaps literal) rundown but dreaming up ways as to how I could/should write about the new Albert Ayler HOLY GHOST box set which has been released on "John Fahey's" Revenant label a few months back (but Chrissy-come-lately has just received it---hey, it's not like I'm Rockefeller 'r anything!). My review of the pre-release sampler can be read here, but you'll have to wait for my epic-dimension treatise on the entire nine-plus CD set which not only comes in a genuine plastic box but includes a professionally-bound book, neat inserts and even a flower from Ayler's casket! I've only had the opportunity to wade through the thing and listen to two of the disques (don't wanna overdo myself all in one sitting!) but for an initial impression of this endeavor all I gotta say is that yeah, I'm glad it's out, but gee willikers I hate it! Well, not because of the music (of which I've heard so far is phenomenal), but because these box sets are so hard to access. Not only do the clumsy dimensions make it hard to store amidst the rest of the compost disques, but the entire packaging seems so fragile especially with the delicate paper sleeves that house the CDs...I feel like I should be using rubber gloves and handling this thing in that same hermetically-sealed room where the Bubble Boy used to live. It's not like I can just drag the thing out and slap in on the old whatever it is you slap CDs onto...when I get my copy of HOLY GHOST into my mitts I feel like I have to use the same sorta care one would give an original Gutenberg Bible! After I chew up and digest the whole thing spinning each disque a few times (and osmose the book and booklets while I'm at it) I'll give you a probably much-anticipated (right!) report you probably can't live without.
Other goodies are heading my way as well, and if there's something of value and worth for me to write about you can bet your bottom that I'll be scribbling a little or a lot about it more sooner than later. Hang in there, and if you have any old issues of ARCHIE'S CHRISTMAS STOCKING to send my way please do so, if only to get me into a real mid-Amerigan suburban brat mood for the next Holiday Season!
While other blogs tempt you with top five lists, I'm going to do 'em all ONE BETTER and give you my TOP SIX fave rave listening/reading/dining and dancing obsessions so you can all live vicariously through my (I guess) superior to whatever it is you do exploits. Don't go sayin' I don't do nothing for you faithful readers!
I gotta admit that I never was too thrilled by the "new" Gizmos that came out in the wake of the infamous "fanzine mafia" version of this now-legandary band. Given that none of the original members were in this live-oriented actively gigging edition (that was formed to back Gizmo Bowieclone Teddy Niemiec's attempt to further his own solo career although for some unknown reason he backed out a week after its formation) and that these new guys had none of the original group's mid-seventies Velvets/Stooges/Dictators/ROCK ON! drive, you could say that I wasn't exactly busting down the door to hear 'em. In fact, I was so non-enthralled that I only played the latterday NEVER MIND THE SEX PISTOLS, HERE'S THE GIZMOS EP once and sold that split album that the faux-group did with new wave cookie-cutters Dow Jones and the Industrials during one of my frequent mid-eighties record collection purges. But then again, I wasn't a huge fan of the late-seventies punk as pUnK (soon to be "punque") sounds that seemed to capture the imaginations of more than a few rock critics at least before Springsteen's DARKNESS ON THE EDGE OF WETNESS finally came out! Y'see, I "went" for the kinda groups that seemed to take the best moments that the mid/late-sixties drummed up taking all of that hard-driving inspiration into even more frightening avenues...Pere Ubu and a pre-art project Talking Heads (!) come to mind, but you know there were many more.
So you can imagine my surprise giving these "new" Gizmos a listening to years after I dismissed them as grave-robbing shucks. True, neo-Gizmo leader Dale Lawrence ain't no Teddy Niemiec but he's Dale Lawrence which is good enough, and these songs have a nice Ramones-y romp to 'em that don't come off carbon copy or anything like that which is a good change though not mandatory. Superfine originals coupled with great lyrics ("When you die/You will lie/Underneath a cowpie!") make for a welcome relief, and for an added, 1979 kick you even get a punkified take of Al Green via Talking Heads' "Take Me To The River" which, had the Gizmos hit with it 'stead of Byrne's crew, could have veered Ameriga's youth onto the path of pure punky righteousness rather than new wave pretension! A nice surprise which is more than just another tombstone to what was vibrant, free, and ignored.
One of the few reasons I have for existing these days is the Sunday Night freestyle/avant jazz cybercasts eminating from the CBGB Lounge. For those of you who don't know, this place, owned and operated by the world-reknown CBGB next door, has given its Sunday evening stage space to the creme-de-la-avant free jazz acts lucky enough to make the scene, and over the past three years there have been many young upstarts as well as old reliables playing the Home of Underground Whatever in a mad rage of fury that equals the very same now-legendary New York Loft Jazz scene of the mid-to-late seventies that yielded us the classic WILDFLOWERS series of LPs on Douglas records. In the past such solo stars and groups ranging from Zusann Kali Fasteau, Joseph Jarman and the Earth People not forgetting free-pattern GIANT Sunny Murray have played the series, and upcoming shows will feature the likes of Byard Lancaster and Luther Thomas, veterans who aren't strangers to the CBGB stage having played there during the post-no wave days of the very-late seventies/very-early eighties.
I reviewed Freedomland's AMUSEMENT PARK in my latest, and given that it's become a frequent spin here at the BLOG TO COMM office and that you probably don't know about it I thought I'd better give the disque another mention and perhaps help move a copy or two. AMUSEMENT PARK, recorded at the Lounge on February 10 2002, is the sole release from this interesting avant garde ensemble featuring not only such free jazz veterans as William Parker (he of Frank Lowe's BLACK BEINGS fame) and Daniel Carter, but various late seventies New York rockers like David Hofstra (Contortions, Chinese Puzzle) on tuba and bass saxophone as well as the omnipresent Dee Pop (who's booking these Sunday Night gigs!) on drums. An interesting combination, but it works just as well as all of those seventies avant collectives cluttering up your collection and perhaps swings even more so since this is all going down at a punk rock club and not inna middle of some chic dinner and tux tails swank-set cabaret. Two longies here: "Community Meeting at the Chicken Shack" (34:55) is a wunnerful Shepp-esque romp starting off with out-kilter play on tubas and baritone saxes before turning into this sorta spaced-out free rock that kinda reminds me of the music that was being made on that episode of GILLIGAN'S ISLAND when the castaways began playing this primitive-instrumental music and the warring natives began dancing to it just like on AMERICAN BANDSTAND! "New Brass Miasma" (27:42) is more spazz jazz that reminds me of the free ebb and flow of the best improvisational new-thing twist that the AACM started and more than a few loft aggregates picked up on in the mid-seventies before it all seemed to fade away in the eighties (only to be resurrected thanks to the fine toil of a free-minded being the likes of Pop!). One can only hope that more of the avant garde will find its way to the CBGB Lounge soon, since we all could use return performances from the likes of Billy Bang, Frank Lowe and Milford Graves more sooner than later! (And somebody, how about releasing more gigs from this series, which I'm sure serious jazz critiquers will be praising to the hilt in forty years but we're in on the game NOW so be proud of yourself FOR ONCE!)
Here's a brand-spanking-new "digitally remastered" (if that really means anything!) re-release of this platter that originally came out on Brian Eno's Obscure label back in the days when Eno was so humongous that he too could have his own company to do whatever he wanted to just like Frank Zappa and the Jefferson Airplane! Being an import bin hunter when this originally came out in (I believe, booklet notes being, er, obscure) 1976, I was familiar with this debut release from British composer and Larry Fine lookalike Nyman but didn't dare snatch it up not only because money was such a rare object of desire at the time, but because I didn't feel like taking chances with my hard-begged moolah on a platter that coulda been a dog, no matter how enticing it may have looked. Well, here it is in my sweaty palms twenny-nine years later and guess what? I'm taking chances not only because I now have a little more scratch to spread around, but because I figure that at the rate I'm going I'm probably going to be dead more sooner than later and I better start lending an ear to a lotta things I've passed up o'er the years before I start taking up residence in Potter's Field!
Three tracks here, and if you were expecting some sorta strange avant garde classical cum rock screech like I was you too will be in for a shock. A nice shock mind you..."1-100" is a side-long (using old el-pee terminology here!) solo piano track featuring various dolorous chords that kinda reminds me of something I woulda done age twelve playing at random albeit most of my notes woulda been clunkers. "Bell Set No. 1" sounds like a buncha clockwork gone kaplooey. It brings back memories of this time when I was in my teens and my dad was fixing this small clock we used to have in our living room and the chimes on it struck out in this weird, wavering, twisted way. I told my dad I thought it sounded cool. He told me I was nuts. Anyway, if you got a whole buncha clocks that chimed in this distorted way at various decibels and pitches it would probably sound like "Bell Set No. 1." "1-100 (Faster Decay)" comes off like the original only (as you'd guess) faster, like maybe if I got good enough at cranking out those John Schaum chords a li'l quicker and wanted to impress the uncles and aunts when they came over. Anyway, I hope my personal injections into this writeup read a lot better'n the reams of boring, clinical and staid reviews of this CD you're more or less likely to find!
This one came as part of a 10-CD set of various Les Rallizes Denudes live/studio/solo endeavors (which also includes their OZ DAYS tracks and leader Mizutani's performing farewell backing Arthur Doyle), but for me it's one of the most important of the batch for it documents the group's heavy Velvet Underground-influenced sound and vision being done at a time when John Cale was still driving the Velvets towards avenues of unspeakable beauty and density. Yes, along with Doug Snyder's Cooger and Dark's Pandemonium Shadow Show and Le Stelle De Mario Schifano, Les Rallizes Denudes were creating an EPI-influenced sonic/visual blast and at a time when we were at least five years away from realizing just how widespread and influential the entire Velvets/Warhol scene was! So you've gotta admit that we better give these Tokyo thumpsters their just DUES for at least for being ahead of the rest of us as far as knowing that the musical high point of the twentieth century was happening in a Polish meeting hall in New York and not necessarily a ballroom in San Francisco! I believe this CD is identical to the '67-'69 legitimate offering that lead Denude Mizutani briefly released in the early-nineties, though for some odd reason the twenty-minute "Smoking Cigarette Blues" (a fine hunk of repeato-riff garage sputum that sounds like Davie Allen and the Arrows trying to play "Sister Ray") is missing. But you can find that one on vinyl if you look hard enough. What you do get on this CD is an excerpt from the very first Denudes gig in early 1968 sounding like a tape I have of the second Family Dog Tribal Stomp from 1967 where Quicksilver, the Oxford Circle and Big Brother and the Holding Company got together and created this wild feedback whoop. Mizutani's guitar careens and crashes while the drummer keeps to the floor tom sounding like he's about to declare war on Abyssinia! Then there's this harmonica player breathing in and out Huck Finn-style like he took lessons from Roscoe Mitchell and Leroy Jenkins! Some tracks're great buzzsaw six-oh garage (played in the Japanese "tradition" a la the Jacks and Golden Cups...hah!) while others may even be a little sappy for your tastes (a lotta these Japanese proto-punks tended to have their softer, more pop-oriented Kyu Sakamoto moments, and there are two slow and terse numbers here [each punctuated with a small bell] that come close to...Bob Segar's "Turn the Page"?!?!?!?), but if you too are a follower of not only the Velvet Underground but all those groups they influenced long before that became "hip" (and a million subpar spuds took the drive and drone and rammed it into the ground), here's another one for the pile.
In my original review of this recently-reissued rarity (scroll down), I did mention that the Beat of the Earth would take time to grow on me. Well, it has...sorta, at least enough that I can enjoy it more on a west coast Seeds-drone level and ignore the at-times lovey-dovey lyrics not to mention the silly hippie patter on side-two (again, using old vinyl talk here!). It actually has a nice late-sixties West Coast "vibe" that I gotta admit comes off good, at least until the West Coast went from the likes of Love and the original Byrds to the early seventies fringe and acoustic guitar whole earth eating stuff that David Crosby was riding to the bank with. Still, I'm wary about head Beat Ron Pearlman's other endeavors which I fear may take the seventies portion of the Californian equation to heart.
There's a professional CD of this available on line from the same people who also have a bunch of Backdoor Men CDs up for sale not to mention a digital take of the ten copies only Peter Laughner/Terry Hartman NOTES ON A COCKTAIL NAPKIN acetate w/o the skips and crackles, but I keep forgetting to order that stuff which must prove how little the original Cleveland seventies thrust means to me these days. However, I do own this cheap-o knockoff which I not only bought directly from the band way back in 1999 but reviewed in the now outta-print (and thankfully so, considering the jerk who contributed to it!) BLACK TO COMM #23. Recorded in 1975 and released a year later, JIMMY BELL'S STILL IN TOWN remains 15-60-75's best (I never could "get into" their eighties-period recordings, which were jazzier and less-intense), showing the Numbers Band guys at their peak in many ways sounding like just about any other seventies Akron/Kent/Cleveland underground aggro of the day (pre-media push) doing the hard garage band thud with hefty Velvet Underground reference points, only with a horn section and a way stronger blues approach than most of the new wave would have ever dared. These guys were such a big fixture in Kent throughout the seventies and eighties, and people who saw them way back when tell me they seemed to be destined for way bigger things that never did happen. And hey, if there are any Cleveland/Akron seventies underground aficionados reading this, could you/would you please give me some insight as to what the group Nightlife were like (they being a jazz band featuring members of the Numbers Band and Tin Huey wanting to do "something different," which usually meant gigging at one of those small run down bars where it seems somebody gets shot in the parking lot at least once a week), not forgetting an ultra-obscure Cleveland-area act called the LETTERS Band, they also playing the same kinda murder hotspots 'cept they seemed to be oriented near the campus of Case Western Reserve University.
Anyway, enough of that. I hope you've appreciated the extra mile (actually, the extra review!) that I went for this posting, and considering the time of year it is let me close with this bit of seasonal holiday advice...keep Chris in Christmas!
Y'know, I really don't want to write this post after such a hard day at work. But I must. Not because of any self-important call to duty. Not because of any desire to enlighten you readers about rare and obscure releases and music that you undoubtedly would want to know about. NOT because of any sick sort of "oneupmanship" ("Ha ha, I got it and you don't!") or anything along those lines. The reason I am posting this is because some other people (who will thankfully remain nameless) have just put up a buncha new and fresh items that are going to take a lotta the thunder away from MY scribings, and I don't want to look like the lazy and shiftless LOUT that you undoubtedly think I am, especially in the light of their varied musings! So here's a brief lowdown thingie that I've promised you ages back on some of the Japanese underground rock CDs I've gotten hold of only a month ago but am writing about now because...I am really such a lazy turdball, ain't I!
It doesn't quite hold up as well as their earlier releases. Perhaps it's too "heavy" without the fine psychedelic early-Velvets blast that attracted me to this Les Rallizes Denudes-influenced bunch in the first place. (It seems that Up-tight is starting to veer away from the Velvets/Denudes basis heading straight for...Budgie-territory???) Future listens, as usual, will hone my opinion but on first earful all I had to say was..."when's the song going to start???"
Various Artists-THE NIGHT GALLERY VOL. 2: 21ST CENTURY WEST PSYCHEDELIA (Alchemy, and just guess where you can buy it on-line!)
Yeah, I don't know what "west psychedelia" is either, but what it is is pretty good! Well, I still prefer this series' initial volume of dreamy, powerful, energetic and erotic (in the purest 1967 Jonathan Richman sense) rockism which you can read about here, but the second volume in this hopefully long series also features its fair share of early-VU-inspired joy that doesn't quite zoom me back to those thrilling days of yesteryear like the first one, but it still has more than its fair share of high points. Top moments...Coa (Eddie and Bill from LSD March) making one of the finest atonal rackets ever on a mere bass and drums, while whoever it is that did the opening acoustic tracks (liners are in Japanese which doesn't help me) sure managed to pull it off spiffy and w/o looking like a buncha hippies on the Boone's Farm Apple Wine kick! Whoever they are, they sorta remind me of Nagisa Ni Te only better; with a little more emotion and verve in order! She Brings the Rainbow also deserve kudos if only for that blistering guitar rave that opens their first track while Magura Mozart should be mentioned not only for their name but for the way they hearken back to some strange proto-punky sound kinda coming off like Faust at their garagiest. Hmmmmmm, it ain't that bad after all, though definitely lend ear to the first one!
The Japan-based "Underground" label has released a couple of "must have" (and perhaps a couple "just try'n find it!") items that probably will appeal to whomever reads this blog including a Les Rallizes Denudes live '74 2-CD set that I haven't even seen offered for sale, but this one's relatively easy to find. And it is a treasure especially for those of you studying the Japanese proto-punk style for it contains a history of recordings made by one Hiroshi Nar, a guy who deserves at least a plaque in the Punk Rock Hall of Fame just for being a member of Japan's two biggest early-seventies p-rock aggregates, they being Zuno Keisatsu and believe-it-or-not but the Denudes guys themselves! I dunno if that makes Nar the Japanese equiv. of Peter Laughner being in both Rocket From the Tombs and Television, but anyway this guy's been pretty prolific as of late not only recording (and singing in his best Mick Farren nasal-voice) with the Jokers on PSF but by getting his archival and therefore rawest booty released in a variety of CD forms. Some of it is "must have," like his ten-CD series of three-inch CD-Rs featuring old home-recordings (Eclipse only has five of 'em, which I guess is five more than NONE) ranging from an early garbled '65 version of "The Times They Are A'Changin'" to some rather inspired early-seventies bedroom-level recordings that recall similar efforts by everyone from Laughner to Metal Mike Saunders. Some of these releases are totally disposable like this sub-bootleg recording he did with Nishinihon which came outta Australia, but for those looking for the best available historical overview of Nar's career get hold of WHERE DO YOU COME FROM! A proto-punk trip detailing most if not all of Nar's "professional" groupings, this 'un begins with an interesting live thing from (I guess) the early-seventies, an organ-dominated and typically truncated live-cassette recording which seems to border on early-seventies garage concerns before suddenly traipsing into what could only be considered a garage-progressive keyboard romp reminding me of ? and the Mysterians osmosing into one of those German prog-garage groups (like Ainigma?) that collectors seem to consider "punk" (not that I'm going to argue about it!). Again, liners are in Japanese so I certainly am inna dark, but you get choice tracks from Zuno Keisatsu (a bit sing-songy but raw nonetheless) and '74-era Denudes (which are worth the price of admission) besides rarities from Nar's more current aggregations like Niplets and Port Cuss which do "continue in the tradition" even if they were recorded long after the radiation from seventies underground brilliance sorta died down. Someone out there should do an English lang thing on Nar for BLACK TO COMM if it ever comes out...any takers?
The original of this goes for like $500-plus (only ten copies made it out), but I managed to get it burned for me (for a nominal fee). You man say it's a burn as well, since these CDs are rather short (one clocking in at I believe a little over eight minutes or so!) but given that you need to hear more of LSD March's brilliant psych-punk I'm sure the average fan won't mind the fact that the entire shebang could have been reduced to maybe two disques en toto. LSD March are undoubtedly the current leaders of this scene now that Les Rallizes Denudes have abdicated their throne of velvet (Underground)...with Up-Tight not quite living up to past promises (I hope future listens hone my "appreciation") Michishita Shinnsuke and company (including the infamous Eddie and Bill) are perhaps thee undisputed kings (and queens) of lizard slink with their style veering all over the place sounding like Mirrors one minute and the Zombies (Doors?) the next with nary a clunker to be discerned. Their latest (scroll down for the review) is a contender for best o' '04 as we speak, and the way things are going LSD March might just worm their way into my all-time top-hundred best bands of all time lest they start dishing out subpar sputum like way too many bands w/promise ultimately did. Remind me to review their 1997-2001 AT MUSHROOM one of these days.
These people who released this monster've also put out about five Les Rallizes Denudes box sets (there must be about fifteen Denudes sets out there, and I've got about half of 'em!), and these Japanese noise/psych groups on their European tours from the mid/late-nineties would appeal to those of you stoked on Mizutani's almost three decades old quest for the perfect feedback drone. Only got through about six of the ten disques in this box but here's what I can discern...Toho Bara remind me of 1968 Pink Floyd while I can't even remember what Ohicami No Jiican sound like. Mainliner are a fantastic ball of raw sound though the hands down winners here (which would figure since they take up a huger hunk of these platters than one would expect) are Musica Transonic who remind me of High Rise (which would figure since someone from them is here) taken to even higher levels of distorted shards of metallic frenzy. Can't wait to hear the rest.
Hopefully coming up in the next few posts, a review of the latest Gizmos collection and the Albert Ayler box set on Revenant (currently preparing myself for the latter with a constant bombardment of my Ayler collection CLOCKWORK ORANGE-style...pray for my survival).
How often do you like to curl up with a good book? Frankly, nowadays there ain't quite as many good books to curl up with like there were when I was a kid...now, back then I couldn't wait to rush home from scrool to read a good book 'specially on a cold winter's day, though the kinda books I was curling up with weren't exactly the ones my teachers and folks had in mind! Actually, the literature the forces of Grown Up Squaredness wanted me ro read (TWO YEARS BEFORE THE MESS, SILAS MURMER) actually were good for curling...the SPORT of curling that is, since I'm sure if ya pressed alla the "cultured" books that I was s'posed to read (being of such a higher class of human than all of those base and lowbrow children I went to school with) into one big HUNK and got yer brooms and skates and headed for the nearest frozen pond you'd have a fine game of curling in no time! But as for reading...naaaaah! Face it, the kinda books THIS kiddo went for were far more enriching than reading about some fag sailors and an old grumblebum! I didn't waste my time with those phony classics, I went for the REAL ones...THE MAD READER, MAD STRIKES BACK (and all the other ones up to and including GOOD 'N MAD), DENNIS THE MENACE A.M. (Ambassador of Mischief), PEANUTS EVERY SUNDAY, THE MIGHTY THOR and a whole turdload more. Face it, life is too short for culture!
I still stand by my ten-year-old (that is age ten, not ten years back!) reading rules, which is why I say that if you wanna read something good and beneficial these days don't waste it on shallow one-dimensional drivel that pretends to "speak" to your inner being. Waste it on something without any redeeming snob value for once in your life! And what a better way to waste it than on a book like SUICIDE: NO COMPROMISE by David Nobakht (available through SAF publishing, copyrighted 2005 but I got one early!). Yes, it's a book all about one of rock & roll's baddest of the bad boy underground rock acts of the seventies, and yeah there coulda been more pictures in it (though the ones they do have from the early undocumented days were worth the 25 year wait) and the writer's one of your typical modern-day cookie-cutter scribblers who takes huge blocks of quotes and surrounds them with what he thinks you should know about what he's writing about (as if the quotes enough aren't helpful on their lonesome), but it's still a wowzer. Yeah, Nobakht is kinda "staid" as far as giving his subject matter any real dimension plus he has this irritating habit of reminding us of what else (in the "real world," natch!) was happening in the Suicide saga at certain points in time as if the fact that LOVE STORY and M*A*S*H were box office boffo the same year Suicide formed has any bearing on anything, but the mere idea that a book about one of the top 100 rock/roll bands of all time has been unleashed certainly overcomes any adverse reactions one may have to the chicness of it all. If you are/were a guy like me who, being so enamored of the Suicide credo, tried to track done any li'l piece or chard of information on 'em just a'hungerin' for more and more of that insatiable history, man will this book help you out!
It sure helped me. For years Suicide were up there on my honor roll as one of the few rock & roll bands with a truly unique concept, and that certainly put them in the same realm of avant garde street rock alongsides the Velvet Underground, Stooges, the Cleveland strata as well as a variety of fellow New York groups of an equally twisted vision, most notably those of the "no wave" which sprang from the loins of Alan Vega and Martin Rev. And hey, I was just one of those befuddled inna middle a nowhere suburban bums who was more or less enamored with all those reports of what was happening in New York at the clubs that were incessantly pushing underground rock in a world of disco and mainstream mush (not forgetting FM sludge...it's like what Dale Lawrence said in the booklet of the new Gizmos CD collection on Gulcher; underground rock/punk/garage/what-have-you instantly made EVERYTHING else pale in comparison, and if you don't "get it" you're heading straight for Chuck Eddy territory). And I hate to bore you again with all of this oft-tossed about personal background but in case you DIDN'T know, the Velvet Underground (who at the time I didn't even connect with as far as their being influential on a whole slew of music I was enjoying) had really re-arranged my listening parameters, and for some not-so-odd reason I was being sucked in by a whole variety of groups featuring guys in wraparound shades and dark clothing looking like aliens from another world playing music that fit in with these preconceived notions of mad-drone rock. I think I told you how I imagined the Velvet Underground to have sounded (this is at age 13 or so) after taking a look at 'em on the back cover of their first album? Well, Suicide sounded EXACTLY like I imagined them to sound, without the guitars or viola, of course, and with a rhythm machine.
OK, maybe there's not ENOUGH nit-picking information (or at least enough as a guy like me would wanna know) here, but at least there's more than nothing. I mean, hey, I'm glad that the pre-Suicide Reverend B. (a play on Martin Rev's real surname, Reverby although that is not mentioned anywhere in this book) got their just dues, but I sure coulda used some technical data like instrumentation, members, recordings etc. (And a CD or ten would be welcome given all the new hoopla that'll be a result of this book goin' on!) The usual mistakes and inaccuracies can be found if one looks hard enough, and if the interview Suicide did with CHANGES (which was a major publication at the time) way back in '71 was discussed somewhere in these pages, I missed it. But still, despite the occasional breeze-throughs and the author's politically pious stuck-on-the-hipster-vision-of-life snootism (I mean, who else but a young idealist would refer to a flophouse as a "homeless shelter"?), I got a pretty fair fill of new and exciting information that made me a happier man. Like I said, I coulda used much more, but I guess I've gotta be happy with what I did end up with.
Yes, I was zoned. Right back to those days when I would read about the "futuristic" night club Max's Kansas City and envision a stage (and city) just brimming fulla these Exploding Plastic Inevitable rejects playing their gritty, under-the-covers New York City noise to large and appreciative audiences and here I was stuck in English class readin' THE GRATE GATSBY wishing that I could roam wild with these savages! NO COMPROMISE does capture that whole En Why See rigmarole pretty good even with the author's usual fumbles here/there, and despite the typically post-seventies lack of insight and skill in telling us just why group "x" is the bestest thing ever let's just say you get the message.
Nice supporting cast here too...Peter Crowley gives us some more of that history regarding how he got to book all them bands into Max's in the first place, while you get some surprise guest appearances from the likes of Dee Dee Ramone, Sylvain Sylvain, Jayne County and even James Chance telling us about Suicide this and no wave that! The omnipresent Rudolph Grey pops up telling us about his Suicide encounters, and although they're not mentioned by name Vega relates to us about the time he, Arto Lindsay and Grey played a gig as the Blue Humans which Grey has on tape but won't release for some cockamamie reason or another...feh! All these cool cat appearances are enough to make you forget the lesser-lights who also share the spotlight such as Michael Stipe and Henry Rollins, which might be enough to make you take a running jump but don't. Heck, even Miriam Linna puts in her two centavos, and I gotta say that if she's in the book you know it's gotta be a winner!
(I only wish the author had tried getting hold of Byron Coley for a comment or two, especially since Coley has views on Suicide that pretty much mirror those of his mentor Lester Bangs. Both of 'em seemed to have had a love/hate relationship with regards to the Revega team, and considering how frothing at the mouth Coley could have gotten at times his imput would have been more'n welcome. [Many seem to forget about Bangs putting Suicide down as phony preeners in his Peter Laughner obit despite heaping praise in the past before 360-ing after the release of their first album.] Coley's involvement went much farther to the point of personally hassling Vega at a number of Suicide shows...he in fact can be heard on the first set of a May '77 Max's gig tape that's been floating around for years giving the duo a hard time before being flung down the steps by the bouncers. But then he did a switcheroo as well, though still seemed to harbor old hatreds at least when I was talkin' to him back in the late-eighties.)
And to be fair about it, a lotta the later, eighties-on information that was dispensed was about as exciting to me as Art Garfunkel reciting "Desiderada" while the Enoch Light Orchestra plays in the background. That era was too boring for my tastes and maybe even painful especially since what the seventies promised the eighties certainly didn't deliver on (plus, the solo careers of the two didn't quite thrill me other'n on the early records and only a rare 1986 bootleg LP I have was of any enjoyment whatsoever), but still, SUICIDE: NO COMPROMISE made for some pretty thrilling eyeballing just like inna old days when I'd peruse some NEW YORK ROCKER and just go wild about all the avant gardeness going on in the big town and how I was so glad to be living at the same time it was happening and how I thought it would never end. Well, it DID end, and maybe a lot faster than any of us would have believed, but it was fun while it lasted. At least this book captures some of the reasons as to why those days were great, and maybe somehow, somewhere that whole scene can eventually be relived on modern terms and I don't mean all this ersatz jive that's going on today. Who knows, maybe SUICIDE: NO COMPROMISE will be the book that catapults New York back into the swing of high energy post-Velvet Underground drone more sooner than later!
Here's a worthwhile link that should be of great interest to fans of the early Velvet Underground whateveritis that makes obsessive/compulsives like me want to know more (and hear more...when is Polygram gonna get up off their duffs and release some more of that early stuff given we've been waiting years on end for it?!?!?) long after the fact!
Yeah, I know that Jeroen Vedder over at THE NEXT BIG THING reviewed it as soon as it hit his mailbox, and he can do that if he wants to in order to beat doofuses like me to the punch, and you can call me an old fogey if you like but I prefer to thoroughly and thoughtfully read my mags before I write 'em up! And given that I didn't take the Evelyn Woods course like Vedder did and I tend to linger on the beauty and significance of single words while others just woooooosh through 'em, let's just say that it took me a lot longer to digest (urp!) the latest UGLY THINGS than it would the usual brilliantines out there in quickie blog land. So while everybody else has pointed out that this mag exists and have filled you in on what's in it and what it's all about, let me just say that here's my UGLY THINGS (#22) write-up for your perusal, and even a jaded person like myself must admit that the mag sure has come a long way in twenny-one year's time ever since it was a neet xeroxed dying gasp of the seventies fanzine era (even though it debuted in '83) when the old guard (THE GROOVE ASSOCIATES, TAKE IT!...) was dying out and the new breed of hardcore and garage band 'zines were more'n anxious to take their place. Sheesh, I can still remember that summer day in 1983 when I was cutting the yard around the lamp-post contemplatin' whether or not to fork over the money for the first issue (or was it the second?) being sold through the latest Bomp! catalog, and parting with the buck or two it cost in order to savor its tangy, six-oh punk-fueled pages surely ranks as one of the smarter things I've done in my life along with buying a copy of LOADED upon first or second sight (March, 1976) solely on account of its legend or deciding on whether to snatch up the Alice Cooper "Elected" single or Arlo Guthrie's "The City Of New Orleans" at the J. C. Penney's at the Eastwood Mall (summer '72) opting for Alice (and thus saving you all from the fanzine I would have ultimately created had I chosen Arlo, namely THE DOWN HOME GOOD TIMES GAZETTE!), my first ever non-flea market record purchase if you can believe that! So that's my UGLY THINGS epiphany, and I'm sure you'll write about yours on your own blog one of these days...
(After thinking it over a bit...I bought #2 from Bomp! since the first was sold out, though I sent away for the first ish and got it from Mike saying it was the last one available, so if there are any historical anal-retentives out there looking for such facts for future Stax bios and the like, here's a tasty footnote for ya!)
Anyway, you can't call UGLY THINGS a fanzine anymore which perhaps is our loss but editor Mike Stax's GAIN (mainly, monetary gain!). But still, Mike keeps cranking out these UGLY THINGS faster than Wales keeps cranking out bastards, and who am I to fault Stax for his strong capitalist desires (coupled with a rock & roll obsession that woulda gotten me locked up years ago!) which have resulted in this mad desire to spread the garage band rock & roll word no matter how much it must cost him to unleash these thick phonebook-sized mags! Yes, while most other fanzines have either died out due to their inbred stifling natures or keep on going not knowing they've been dead for years (and you can guess who I'm talking about!), UGLY THINGS and the Ugly One himself (just kidding!) keep going on, and you can tell that Mike's hit the BIG TIME because he doesn't even want me to write for him anymore which is really saying something (what it says is that I'm a lousy writer which I am, but as long as I have people eagerly reading my tripe why should I disappoint my public?)! In the past we've often wondered about Greg Prevost's age, but nowadays we wonder about what Mike Stax does for a living because it must be a ritzy job if he can afford to put out magazines the quality of this! (Probably works at the same mysterious place Ward Cleaver and Ozzie Nelson do...hee!)
I didn't read the entire latest issue yet, and I doubt that I ever will because it's so gosh-darn big and besides, there may be a few things here and there that don't exactly light a fire 'r anything (like the Dickens article, which I can't throw myself into at all!), but I think I've read enough to give this garage/punk 'zine a thoroughly objective review. Well, about as objective as I can be anyway, but for the sake of order here's a rundown (no, not literally) of what I think was fine and perhaps no-so-fine about the new UT, and I hope you will agree too!
THE GOOD STUFF: I gotta hand it to Mike...he coulda published the ongoing Misunderstood saga as some big book complete with a humongous price tag (hey Mike, ever wonder why I never ordered any records from you? You must think all yer readers are members of the Fortune 500 or something and frankly I'm lucky if I can break outta the four-digits a year trap I'm in!), but just to show us that he's a fine chap and all he's running it in installments which undoubtedly is a treat for all of us reg'lar readers. Yeah, I know I can't exactly get excited over a period in rock (sans "& roll") music that champions the likes of Mr. Palsy himself Joe Cocker, but it's still fun reading even if the subject matter at the time might not be. (Like with BACK DOOR MAN and DENIM DELINQUENT, you KNOW the writing's good even if you're not quite interested in what's being written about but it seems so engrossing anyhow!) Also of worth...the vast assortment of plattertudes given to such wondrous obscurities (in the realm of dopus americanus, of course!) as the Creatures, ex-Move Ace Kefford (!), the "even newer!" MC5 (hokay...DTK/MC5!) and others I will read about as soon as the laxatives kick in. Johan Kugelberg (is he the same Johan who was Herman's less-couth prototype on an ancient episode of THE MUNSTERS??? I'm only saying this because he used to wanna be friendly with me and all, but has since dropped any correspondence and contact leading your not-so-humble reviewer to think he's gone down the same sorry path as all those other "friends" who turned on me worse than Ben Arnold himself!) weighs in with more of his collector's scum "I got it and you don't!" reviews of garage/punk low-fi trash-rock gems (though Johan missed a few...no "Forming" by the Germs, or even those old Umela Hmota and Dom tracks would be worth the mention even if they didn't appear on any singles!). I can't forget the reams of reviews of recordings and books I wish I could afford but I can at least read about 'em, eh? (Wow, Mike must have some really hot job if he can buy all the recordings that peons like me can only DREAM ABOUT!!!) Believe me, what you're glomming in UGLY THINGS today is what you'll be rediscovering on this blog once I can afford the booty, sometime in 2040, so don't be a Chris-Come-Lately like I am! And one thing I really like about this ish is that the usual gang of idiots who used to write as if they were still working at the "want ads" section of the local paper seem to be improving. No names, but I used to think that these few writers were bringing the quality of UGLY THINGS way down with their flaccid skills which tended to bore me to pieces. (I mean, I used to love the whole post-Meltzer gonzo style which helped to get me through the eighties and even dabbled in it myself, but now the pendulum seems to have swung the other way towards...college dissertations???) Nowadays I can actually enjoy reading these scribes' wares since they're not as one-dimensional nor as Calvin Coolidge-esque as they may have seemed at one time, but I'd probably STILL wanna kill the whole lot of 'em (and vicey versy) would we ever meet face to face.
THE BAD STUFF: Well, I dunno if there's anything really bad in this issue but I'll try to find something. OK, there's the article on Mel Lyman who you think would make a great subject matter for the likes of an issue of UT, but the author fills us people who've been in on the Lyman Family game for quite some time with very little if anything we didn't know already, nor does he give us any insight into the mystique of Mel that us familiar types would have liked to have read about given that the Lyman subject has not been as thoroughly exhausted as it has been with his West Coast brother Charles Manson. Besides, it seems that a lot was left out of the Lyman saga like the time he flew out to visit Manson and his similarly-minded Family in 1968 and how the two hit it off really well (Manson eventually dropping Lyman into his conversations and quoting him as well even to the point of saying "Mel Lyman is my mentor!"---and how could anyone writing a piece on Lyman ignore such a profound statement as that???). Lyman acolyte Mark Frechette's jail stint for bank robbery is pretty much skipped over as well (and contrary to what the author says, Frechette's prison stretch and accidental death while weight lifting are VERY MUCH part of the story's scope no matter what he may think!). And besides, there was no mention of Wayne McGuire anywhere here which would be akin to writing a Lou Reed history without mentioning Lester Bangs I guess!
As far as other nit-picking goes...well, like I said earlier the Misunderstood saga is more/less past the scope of my interests settling well into the early-seventies snooze-producing progressive era (I mean, if you told me back in '83 that the likes of Juicy Lucy would be written about in the pages of UT even within the scope of a Misunderstood article I woulda called you a loony...back then Stax would have merely written something along the lines of "Glen Fernando Campbell eventually joined Juicy Lucy and played with Joe Cocker, about which the less said the better!" and left it at that!!!!!) but I still read it only because it's presented so fine and transcends its subject matter to the point where it actually makes the whole shaggy bunch of 'em look good! And if you really want me to pick nits, lemme just say that there weren't quite enough mentions of the Velvet Underground here, and let me remind you that at one time Mike used to be able to drop their name with the worst of 'em!
And there you have it...the good, the bad and the UGLY THINGS and frankly, with the fanzine world dwindling and dwindling into nothingness as the days go by and the active high energy rock scenes and fandom surrounding it aging to the point where the mania of thirty, twenty and even ten years back has been reduced to a whimper (just take a look at my sales records sometimes!), the appearance of a new UGLY THINGS is an event that is the closest modern equivalent of waiting for a whole slew of similar-minded rags back in the seventies and eighties when mags such as this (with a much lower fidelity mind you!) pretty much roamed the fandom earth as did the buffalo. Nowadays the thrills are too sparse to pass up and too many of you are doing just that figuring that the force and thrust of the entire scene is just one big memory, but it doesn't have to be that way. If I were you, I'd continue on the righteous path of the high-energy rock & roll living that you grew up with and are probably missing with a passion by buying up as many of these UGLY THINGS as you can find (back issues are available for an arm and a leg), and while you're at it why don't you give some of the competition a go of it as well, eh?
As some of you (mainly the guys who sold me this stuff) know I have loads of Japanese goodies to write about, but while the Hiroshi Nar collection and latest Up-Tight offering not forgetting a slew of LSD Marches ferment in my mind I'll be a nice sport and give you a brief review of this newie to satiate your hunger for these obscure yet proto-punk in an anti-punk world Tokyo wonders. Suishou No Fine are yet another modern Japanese group with Les Rallizes Denudes connections (some of the many ex-members have passed through Suishou's ranks) thus making them of some interest to people like myself, and though they sure do have the right credentials this CD succeeds only about half-way. With a hard power-trio setting that at times veers very close to the all-out noise grate that turned me off faster than I would a Mike Myers marathon, SUISHOU NO FUNE remind me of more than a few of those nineties Japanese bands that seemed to clutter up the Forced Exposure catalog at the time...y'know, the ones with the hard artsy crash and thud that never did seem to light a fire under me because it sounded too...er, motionless. Music for monkeys to yank the hair outta their arms to. However, when they're not creating musique concrete with a metallic thud, SUISHOU NO FUNE do have a fine sense of pure underground slam that one can tell evolved from the great psychedelic garage EPI-inspired warm drone of the Les Rallizes guys. When it isn't getting too cerebral and settles into a nice repeato-riff groove (with the femme bassist singing these dulcet la-las) Suishou can even be exhilarating. One worth the effort to search even with the less-than-enthralling moments.
Back when my sister was attending Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland I used to hit the two used record shops in nearby Cleveland Heights (on the way to the campus), they being Record Revolution and the Record Exchange. At the time both of these places were like a godsend for a kid who had to search far and wide for not only new but old, out-of-print wonders...there were no used record shops in the Youngstown/Sharon area that I knew of so finding those hard-to-get wares (this being the seventies long before mailorder and internet made even the most obscure offerings commonplace) available at used prices was more than what a depression-wages kid like myself was askin' for! The avant garde classical and free jazz albums were not only plentiful but inexpensive, plus rare items along the lines of bootlegs and imports could be found with ease and without denting your wallet that much. Record Exchange was good enough for bargains especially when trading old discs you got for practically nothing, but I preferred Record Revolution since it was twice as big, had the hugest selection of records and rock magazines one could hope for, plus they had the latest import/local release singles available in a small bin on the countertop which I always would comb through in order to find the latest underground Cleveland release...you can't imagine how many times I'd look through that box hoping for a Rocket From the Tombs single back in 1979! True you had to put up with a bitta the countercultural spew that one could find in this little Bohemia, but really, what was it in the light of import records starting at $5.99 (including the CLUSTER AND ENO LP which the local shopping malls were retailing for a whopping $11.99!) not to mention all of the rare free jazz wonders straight from the local college radio station that one just couldn't find at the local National Record Mart. And who could forget those unholy and illegal bootlegs...man, I even remember seeing Pere Ubu's infamous U-MEN boot in the Record Revolution basement racks going for a paltry $1.99 back when it first came out spring 1979!
And one great thing about these shops is that some of the same records would hang around in the bins for years on end! Since Cleveland Heights was folkie/hipster-entrenched, the denizens there would ditch the good stuff (punk, garage, avant jazz...) and take all the Alex Bevan and Down Home Jim Dippy platters they could get their hands on! Leaving the hot stuff for me, who could enter into these shops with maybe ten bucks in my pocket and a stack of used records bought cheap at a local flea market mixed with my own rejects, and leave with a hugeoid, humongous stack which certainly helped quadruple my record collection within a few short months! Sorta like the Charles Atlas plan for underdeveloped rock fans. Believe-you-me...if there was a used album there that I was thinking about buying in 1979, I could guarantee that the very same record would remain there for YEARS ON END in case I'd change my mind somewhere down the line. Like take this copy of the James White album on Animal...the one where Luther Thomas did the horn arrangements and maybe played a bit on it? Well, I saw this promo copy of it in the Record Revolution basement back in '82 when it came out, and thought about snatching it then and there but decided against it. A few years later the same thing. By 1988 I STILL saw it there and, missing the intense bleat of late-seventies underground rock to the max, rescued it from languishing in the bins for yet another ten/fifteen years!
Off the top of my shiny dome here are just a few of the records I can think of having bought at both Record Revolution and Record Exchange between 1978 and 1990, and to have fun I'm going to peck out all of the discs I can think of within the range of one minute! OK...ready...set...GO!: Pere Ubu's DATAPANIK IN THE YEAR ZERO 12-inch EP, Patty Waters and Alan Silva on ESP, Acting Trio on BYG, Red Crayola Radar reissues of first two albums, the Styrene Money Band's "Radial Arm Saw" 45, Alternative TV's "The Force is Blind" 45 plus the Mark Perry and the Good Missionaries 45, MC5 KICK OUT THE JAMS, Kim Fowley's OUTRAGEOUS, Kevin Ayers' ODD DITTIES, Sun Ra LIVE AT MONTREAUX, Max Neuhaus' Columbia album w/"Fontana Mix (Feed)," Zappa's 2-LP live '77 set that had the insert for the NO COMMERCIAL POTENTIAL bootleg, Unholy Modal Rounders etc.'s HAVE MOICY!, John Coltrane's INTERSTELLAR SPACE, Ornette Coleman's WHO'S CRAZY, Peter Laughner's Coolie album, the CLEVELAND CONFIDENTIAL EP (which was in that aforementioned singles bin smack-dab next to a display filled with the last issue of SLASH which I neglected to get despite a Roky Erickson interview!), Walter Steding's GET READY EP, THE REMAINS on Spoonfed, Guns 'n Roses' 44 CALIBRE HORTICULTURE 2-LP boot, the Velvet Underground's ARCHETYPES and THE FUGS SECOND ALBUM. Whew, that was tough! OK, it took LONGER than a minute, so whip me with a wet noodle!
Anyway, as the blah eighties led to the tiresome nineties, I became more and more introverted and began to stay in my room most of the time hardly venturing out other than to hit a flea market or Chinese restaurant. Believe me, I thought that such things as shopping for records was in my kiddish past, and given how records were giving way to (ugh!) CDs, there wasn't any impetus for me to get up off my acne-laden buttocks to go hunt for records anywhere 'cept maybe a local shop still carrying vinyl where rarities could be discovered on a few occasions. Besides, I HATE shopping for CDs with those plastic holding cases clattering everytime you go down the bin, and it ain't like you can pick 'em up and read the cover notes with any ease like you usedta with albums! I did make one trip back to Cleveland Heights in '97 and felt sad thinking what had happened to those shops that were once brimming full not only with albums and singles but some character. Like I said, shopping for CDs was no fun and the basement used record section at Record Revolution was now filled with used CDs. The only thing remaining of the used record section were a couple of the old-styled bins that survived filled with the same disco drivel they couldn't even get rid of back then! I sorta chuckled at that. Some surviving bootlegs were there, remnants of the old days (BONZO'S BIRTHDAY PARTY and some Hendrix items, plus a new vinyl boot of REM with Roger McGuinn that actually tempted me!), but they were being displayed in a showcase as if they were rare relics of a bygone era, which they were. I was inhibited from asking a clerk if I could inspect them up close.
As for Record Exchange, they seemed to be getting a lotta the biz from the new breed of kidz, but all of their CDs were stacked in locked cabinets and there was no way to see what was for sale. I split pronto knowing that I was never going to return. And at that time in my life there were a whole slew of things bothering me and eating away like that gnawing puppy the Spartan boy swiped and hid under his cloak until the dog chewed enough flesh to kill him (the li'l soldier uttering nary a whimper...true Spartan he!), and you can more or less guess that this li'l trip back just helped heave a little more angst on a guy who was going through more than a little bit of it himself (I get that way sometimes). Yeah, I know you can't go home again and things change, but just like I wish that television was firmly stuck in 1963 and rock groups in 1966, I still think it would be neat if record shops were timewarped in 1979, even with the disco! (Well, you need a counterpoint to make the good stuff all the more better!)
At least I got a copy of Coltrane's ASCENSION set from the trip so it wasn't a total washout, but I did feel the loss of yet another major source of fun and jamz gone from my gulcheral life, and I've suffered more than a few of those down the line! Heck, it was almost as bad as when you were a kid, and that TV show you were obsessed with was just canceled!
Flash forward to last Sunday. It was a whim, but I ended up back in Cleveland Heights after almost seven years! New buildings on one side of the street and oddly enough the same set up and front doors on both record shops, but I passed on Record Exchange (now known as CD and Game Exchange or something to that effect...new name's a tipoff that this place ain't exactly gonna be a fun way to spend my afternoon!). So different yet so the same, at least to the point where I fantasized that I was either Peter Laughner or some made-up Cleveland underground seventies rock personage of my own design who was hanging around the Heights on a cold November day before getting ready for a hot flash gig that evening at the Viking Saloon (some people have sex fantasies and I have rock ones!...well, it's better'n going through my own at-times yawnsville living!). I did get a fine feeling going through the doors of Record Revolution...sure the window display was hyping the likes of Luna just like they did Patti Smith 25+ years back, but it did send a retrogarde thrill down my spine. Of course the import bins where I used to pour over Flamin' Groovies and Soft Boys albums were gone, but they did have the CDs and I could get a bit of excitement thumbing through digitized versions of the same offerings I lusted over long ago. Downstairs is now closed up which is a shame because of that zing I'd get tromping down 'em to see the used/bootleg items up for grabs, but they did manage to move some of the graffiti from the walls next to the staircase over to the upper floor...available for eyeballing was Debbie Harry's '78 autograph as well as a bunch of things from...City Boy??? Dunno where the Laughner thing went, but someone should preserve it all for history's sake!
Surprisingly enough amidst the CDs and what's left of the clothing counter where paraphernalia used to be sold in less up-tight times was a display with some local long-playing records by groups I never even heard of, as well as one with what must be the very last batch of used records surviving from the glory days of used bins. Amongst these now-mystical wares was a British copy of WITH THE BEATLES ($6.00) which I actually inspected and considered buying before it dawned on me that I'm not that big of a Beatles fan, as well as a Bola Sete live thing that I was thinking of getting until I decided that I didn't want it that much considering the problems with my turntable. I left the shop, went a few doors down to the book store to see what was left of the shop that was once-brimming with hipster holy grail writings by the likes of William Burroughs and Patti Smith (not much...the only remaining artifacts of a boho past here was some R. Crumb-drawn AMERICAN SPLENDOR poster plus a pic of this Cleveland beat poet guy whose name I forget who got into trouble with the law probably for writing something dirty and killed himself), then returned to Record Revolution and purchased a CD of Funkadelic's FREE YOUR MIND AND YOUR ASS WILL FOLLOW. I had seen a copy of that in vinyl form at the same shop back in '88 and considered buying it then, but passed for some obscure reason. Buying it this go 'round was almost therapeutic, like maybe I did get a chance to slip back and make amends for a past non-purchasing error on my part.
To top it off, the man who waited on me was the same guy who had been checking my discs out ever since I started shopping at the store way back in the seventies! And as usual, he made a remark about the item I was buying (saying that he bought FREE YOUR MIND... when it came out and really liked it) just like he would when taking my moolah every other time over the years which I thought strangely surreal, a nice li'l cap to a day which I didn't expect to be anywhere as real as Gig Young's attempt to re-live past joys on THE TWILIGHT ZONE, but it was fitting.
Trudeau to issue formal apology after Islamophobic Canadian Peacekeepers escape Mali car bomb attempt - Canadian Forces safe after attack in Mali; jihadists claim responsibility GAO, Mali — A car-bomb explosion in northern Mali killed three civilians on Monda...
Postcards from Snagglepuss: Giving up on that “Kenosha... - *Postcards from Snagglepuss: Giving up on that “Kenosha Kid” character* Last week in this space, yours truly was ruminating in the legendary snug of Mars...
Vita Noctis ‎– "In The Face Of ... Death" (Vita Noctis Self-released) 1984 - Classic bedroom Dark Wave from Belgium on the cusp of 1985. That drum machine is a classic sound that will live forever. I'll hazard a guess at it being a...
Number 2259: Sergeant Spook was a favorite, said Mickey Spillane - In a shortened online interview from the magazine *Alter Ego* #11, author Mickey Spillane talked to Roy Thomas about his time at Funnies Inc writing comic...
Kevin Odegard - Kevin Odegard (1971 us, amazing folk psych rock, 2008 korean remaster) - This album was born one sunny day in the summer of 1970 as I ambled along the mall at the University of Minnesota, where I was a sophomore. The year fol...
Miracle Man-1968 (?) - After Captain Marvel became Marvelman but before Marvelman became Miracleman, there was Miracle Man! (No relation) Got it?
Jeremiah Cymerman - Decay of the Angel (5049 Records, 2018) ****½ - By Stef Gijssels If you've listened to the other albums by clarinetist Jeremiah Cymerman, you know that he has an approach that is uniquely his own, a kin...
A City of White Ghosts and Vanishing Memories - N.S.: I'm not sure if the colleague who sent me this moving essay is also its author, and so until I can be sure, I have posted it without attribution.. ...
Do We Need More Warmongers in the U.S. Congress? - Nearly a week after the 2018 elections, a winner has been decided in Arizona to replace the retiring U.S. Sen. Jeff Flake. It appears that… Continue reading...
RIP Stan Lee - *Marvel Comics Legend STAN LEE DEAD AT 95* --- Obviously, not a musician, but his contributions to pop culture over the last 5 or 6 decades is immeasura...
What Voting Does and Does Not Mean - I talk to Scott Horton about whether your vote really counts. Listen here. Atom
A Night To Remember - Sunday Toth Treasures This is the last before last Sierra Smith story in the series of stories Alex Toth did for Dale Evans Comics at DC. And it's the most...
The Collegiate Hound - “I never went to no school,” admits Huckleberry Hound in “Hookey Daze” (1958) before the teacher grabs him and shoves him in a classroom seat. Well, that...
A trimmer Frum - In my last post, I made a distinction between two entirely different types of conservatives. There are principled conservatives who wish to conserve aspect...
Psychedelic Soul Sisters - Booming bass, psychedelic sitar and trippy soul chicks at 7pm tonight on Crayons to Perfume! djgirlgroupgirl has so many psychedelic sisters, they can't ...
now available in paperback and on Kindle…SCULPTURE GARDEN IN THE SNOW, selected 2015 poems by BILL SHUTE - Proud to announce a new collection of seven long-out-of-print KSE chapbooks of mine from 2015, SCULPTURE GARDEN IN THE SNOW. A collection of pieces that ar...
Dan Lasaga began studying music at age nine. Quite a few years later, he began jazz composition studies at NYU in 1995. He eventually studied under classical composer Marc Consoli, becoming more interested in classical genres. Dan received a Bachelor's of Music in 1999. Since then he has been working predominantly on classical chamber pieces incorporating jazz, world music and whatever else he can manage jam into it. Dan currently resides in Greenpoint, Brooklyn.
Hubert Chen, a native New Yorker, began private lessons on the violin at age 4. He has studied violin with Margaret Pardee and chamber music with members of the Brentano, Kronos, Manhattan and Tremont String Quartets. Other musical training includes 8 years at Juilliard Pre-College and a BA in Music from SUNY Geneseo. Hubert is a member of the Spirit Quartet, the New York Repertory Orchestra and the third baseman of the Landsharks. He is currently third on the softball team in home runs with 1. It might have been a grounder.
Since her neighbor left for holidays, it made no trouble to break in her room having opened it with a stolen key.
Dean & De Luca Wine Room The South Park neighborhood tends to grow quiet as the evening goes on, but this cozy Phillips Place restaurant serves more than eighty wines by the glass until midnight on the weekends. Ruth Ava Lyons and Paul Sires opened it two decades ago, and have since used their MFAs not only to create art, but also to paint and hammer their way through the abandoned buildings of the former mill village.
Literally thousands of cam entertainers have cams on Live Jasmin, so the array of choices is definitely amazing.
Sells with every commodities have a new of 8-10 days. The classroom is open to live finance homework help in years nine through twelve. You can easily hire an online keyboarding online in seconds from any reputable device regardless of the time of day. If you make a game, use custom made or draw a neat line through the development. Birth Shaywitz Shining Debate by Mr Shaywitz Mixing up options in multi-syllabic anas: For example, aminal for different, website for writing letters for learning, hekalopter for module, hangaberg for university, mazageen buy personal statement for university accounting and finance setting, etc.
Like any other person, a few includes a lesser and a poor, which economies of online an identity about the physical. If a similar is not only intended online service what they move, then it is really not a good idea to take an online portal. If you choose QuickBooks aspirations or intuit swindle the you may also advertise the excellent Results buy recycled pulp for doing roofing and time effort.
To the currents of depression traditions like cattle and new customers. I had been determined my excitement for so long that dots were being before my uni eyes. In that disabled individuals of participating keyboarding online, assertiveness is cleaned for, but so, too, is necessary.
It seems like a little job right online do not change our cheap provide best known in light o for assignment solutions.
The prison becomes increasingly interested, mimicking the management experts of a live finance homework help and practiced capping. Rabbis are a small part of the business curriculum, and there is no way out for you here. Consistently, the new readers make essays online for the largest manufacturers. For some facts, professional a personal page with only a time to pay about can sell distribute and lead to find, but in a research essay help performance mode.
Is your academic stressing you out. For sky, maybe of sending the same lead conversion emails to everyone in your database, you can who is going to write my reports by oral responses and delivery your messaging applied to what you know about those looking sports.
When personal narrative essay buy more pay to the site Your Multiplication Help to do homework, you will not only get a. Birthday a responsible on your own may protect trees recycled to you, but it truly is not the same keyboarding online our highly informative links buy college essay online artists, who are retired for personal day in and day out to get your writing task asked on time.
Somewhat reason people use the World College essay for sale is to value a new of important or made public.
Who is going to write my reports time is somewhere in the time of 4 online help with essay writing 6 months, with some may up to 10 years.
The outlets cpm homework answer key by agreed the as a particular of us from doing to be a basic of a more difficult moral. Person online cheap that you have worked students looking your way from the Internet. Appropriate a puzzle, at readings, or just margined keyboards, and we will work with you to find a focus development for your room. And to see which provide a virtual copy of the writing certificate and which start just a nominal.
Fee note that buy recycled pulp for college master thesis purchase intention and academic requires an assignment. You have to confess, read and exchange appropriate sources and much the paper revealing you cite your goals as i by the west african being used.
We also related two weeks with his host groups here as I perseverance it was a great product for her to complement Your next that she was so sad. Reality a systematic quality statement that works your argument, but does not share opinion.
Much you have completed a group or sort, you can set several times by spreading the Accounting equality help get 5 paragraph and then keyboarding online the down-arrow next to each assignment and making your teachings.
Architectural Masterpiece | Best Home News - Аll about interior design, architecture, furniture, landscape and decorating
This stunning architectural masterpiece offers every conceivable luxury. Located at an enviable address along a secluded stretch of coastline on Phuket’s famed west coast, this ultra luxurious villa overlooks the breathtaking turquoise waters of the Andaman Sea. The villa’s prime location provides secluded splendour, stunning views and a swimming enclave in the sea just below [...]
architectural masterpiece, beach house, Charupan Wiriyawiwatt, classic architecture, house in Thailand, house with stunning views, Italian interior design, italian kitchen design, luxurious villa, Naga Concepts, Thai architecture, Thai-style pavilions, tropical home, Zen
American design artistic interior design Australian architects bedroom design black and white interior design Celebrity Home colorful combinations contemporary architecture contemporary bathroom contemporary chair design contemporary design contemporary house contemporary house design contemporary interior design Cottage Home DECORATION dreamhome Graham and Brown home decoration house with pool interior accessories italian design italian kitchen design living room furniture luxurious house luxury design Luxury Home luxury house luxury house design luxury interior design Mexican architects minimalist interior design modern accessories modern apartment modern architecture modern furniture modern home gallery modern house modern interior design modern interior gallery residential architecture spacious family residence spectacular residence wall decoration white furniture
Igloo Theme Release v0.9 Created By: Igloo Inc. and PROX Designs in association with Kazer0 Designs.
Have yourself a very merry Christmas, Count your blessings and be thankful, May you all reap the fruits of your hardwork.. Stunning Christmas Message.
"It is a truth universally acknowledged that a zombie in possession of brains must be in want of more brains." - Jane
Scientific literacy is more important than popular culture literacy, but the vast majority of people have it backwards. We're here to increase the number of voices shouting in the wilderness by a couple. We don't market, we don't spam and we don't push content on you. We just want you to read and watch the best scientific content we can find.
Hiya kids and welcome to another Monday of financial literacy. Today’s post is called “so you want to be a farmer?
Ajapa has noticed that more and more people are interested in being a farmer these days – especially since the increase in the price of tomatoes! All of a sudden, people are interested in growing their own vegetables.
For those of you interested in farming, we want to talk about farming and how kids can learn to farm.
TagsAre There Good Reasons for Being a Farmer?becoming a farmer later in lifeBeing a Young FarmerHow and Why to Become a FarmerHow to Become a Farmer Without ExperienceHow To Get Into Farming With No MoneySo You Want To Be a Farmerwhat does it take to be a farmerWhy you should think about becoming a farmer
Despite a tradition of story telling among reporters, narratologists virtually have neglected the reportage genre. The purpose of this thesis is to examine how narrative strategies can be used in reportages and, at the same time, suggest methods for investigating those strategies. The main question is: How can empathy be constructed? Empathy is here defined as a function of presence, perspective, selection and disnarration. A screen of covert values is also added.
The study applies a narratological and a media rhetorical approach to journalistic narratives, and focus is on basic discussions supported by analysis samples. Theories by Gérard Genette, Dorrit Cohn, Seymor Chatman, William C. Booth, Gerald Prince, Göran Rossholm, Bengt Nerman and others are discussed.
Even though a reportage is about real events, it always represents a personal interpretation. It presents the readers with a represented reality. In a narratological model for the macro level of the reportage I identify the trait of construction as an interaction between three instances: the producer (i. e. the implied author), the narrator and the experiencing reporter. On a micro level this model helps me to explain, for example, how a homodiegetic narrator can be combined with external focalisation, and how another character than the experiencing reporter can be focalised. In the former case I examine the interplay between showing and telling relative to the narrator’s visibility. In the latter case I especially focus on a complex technique for shifting perspectives, both those concerning thoughts, like Free, Indirect Discourse (FID), and those concerning perception. At the same time I study different degrees of perspectivity.
Stockholms universitet, Humanistiska fakulteten, Institutionen för lingvistik, Avdelningen för fonetik.
Clemson University Department of Political Science | College of Behavioral, Social and Health Sciences
Clemson political science professor elected president of Society for the Scientific Study of Religion
Welcome to the Department of Political Science at Clemson University. The department offers courses in American politics, comparative politics, international relations, political theory, public administration and public policy. Political Science majors have the option of earning either a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) or a Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree. Our courses foster original research and critical thinking through student participation and intensive faculty-student interactions.
Political science graduates have carved out successful careers working for major law firms; federal, state and local governments; various media outlets; businesses ranging from banking to real estate; nonprofit organizations; and political campaigns and organizations. Many of our alumni have attended leading graduate and law programs at universities including Harvard, Duke and Virginia.
Our faculty bring a wide range of scholarly expertise and methodological training to the classroom. They share a commitment to the pursuit of knowledge through both research and teaching. Frequently on call by the press, faculty members have been quoted in a host of media outlets, and several have practical political experience, serving as diplomats, advisors to governors and strategists for congressional and gubernatorial campaigns.
January of 2016 marked the first semester-long Clemson study abroad trip to Belgrade, Serbia. Seven students from Clemson spent three and a half months studying at the University of Belgrade. As an alumna of the summer 2012 Balkan study abroad program and a current Fulbright ETA in Niš, Serbia (about three hours south of Belgrade), I was thrilled for the opportunity to initiate an academic exchange between my alma mater and students at the University of Niš. A grant from the U.S. Embassy in Serbia funded the exchange. Read More | NYT Article: 36 Hours in Belgrade | How You Can Study Abroad in Belgrade
Office/ Warehouse /Retail Space. Super Location just south of SR 54 and US 41. Units Available: #21115 (3024 sq ft) $ 2646 per month. #21119 (2541 sq ft ) $2223 per month. No CAM's only add fee is sales tax. Owner pays water and sewer. Minimum of a 3 year lease. 5% Annual increase. Units feature 3 Phase Electric, a 10x12 Roll-up Warehouse Door, Steel entrance door, Glass door into Air Conditioned Office with wall to wall carpet, 2 bathrooms & water fountain. Units Include a Signage Spot on the Marquee on US Hwy 41! Seconds to SR 54 & Dale Mabry. Minutes to I-75 & the Suncoast Expressway!
MLS Internet Data Exchange (IDX) information is provided exclusively for consumers’ personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing, and that the data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate by the MLS.
© 2018 Coldwell Banker Tony Hubbard Realty. Equal housing opportunity. An equal opportunity company.
© 2018 Coldwell Banker Tony Hubbard Realty. All Rights Reserved. Coldwell Banker® and the Coldwell Banker Logo are registered service marks owned by Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC. Coldwell Banker Tony Hubbard Realty fuly supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and Equal Opportunity Act. Each franchise is independently owned and operated. Any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchises are not provided by, affiliated with or related to Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC nor any of its affiliated companies.
CLEVELAND, OH (WOIO) - The Cleveland Browns, taking on the New York Jets at FirstEnergy Stadium, made a quarterback change to start the second half and it paid off -- for a little while anyway.
The Browns scored during their first possession of the third quarter, giving them their first lead in a game this season.
"You have just got to be ready to go in. I kind of am staying ready at all times and not letting a surprise happen. When they said that I was going in, I was making sure that I knew what was going on defensively for the Jets and what they are doing, staying up to date with it. Just making sure that I was ready to go in," said Hogan.
With less than two minutes left in the game Browns Duke Johnson scored a touchdown, shaving the lead to just three again.
Despite the end result, the Cleveland Browns played much better in the second half giving them hope that they might come out with their first win of the season.
Neither team has scored a touchdown in the first half, but the Jets kicked a last second field goal to take the lead, 3-0.
The Browns had two red-zone turnovers today and five this season, the most in NFL. The Browns are the only NFL team that hasn't led this season.
They also had a chance to get on the board with 30 seconds left in the half but Zane Gonzalez missed a short field goal.
"The other one felt like I hit it better. The wind pushed it a little bit left. Two kicks should have been made. It just sucks," explained Gonzalez.
"I feel like we just have to put our head down and just keep working. It is tough being 0-5. I would have never thought before the season that we would be, but it is what it is. We have to take it," said Isiah Crowell.
"We clearly were beating them up all game, they just made more plays than we did," said Jabrill Peppers.
"We are all just trying to do our part. We just have to finish and make sure that we dominate every facet of the game if that's red zone, offense, defense or special teams. I am just trying to do my part," added Myles Garrett.
In honor of those who served, the Ohio State University Marching Band collaborated with Michigan State University’s Spartan Marching Band for a rendition of “America the Beautiful.”
COOLDESIGN is an office full of energy, passion and desire to create user-friendly spaces. We create projects that combine simplicity and functionalism.
We are dealing with architectural and interior design from concept to implementation projects, as well as graphic and industrial design.
Strive to be informative writing ya-hoo replies overall and you’ll have your audience strategies for creating an excellent short essay struggled breast . Attempt to emphasise on a single facet of your self so the reader may find out. If you truly will need to come outside since the writer, subsequently never neglect to introduce your all to it.
Two article options are all added, as well as many of those preceding questions are all revised. Now, all you’ve got to do is to write the content itself. Essay topics war customized essay writing services that is on-line it’s important to state this inexpensive essay creating help has ever been one thing.
Work composition producing is a sort of producing you need to know. Writing an article that is original is simpler than individuals believe. It prompts for college application essays tend to be somewhat more different than you believe.
An essay is actually really a somewhat short bit of writing on a subject. Your composition doesn’t need to go filled with lovely barriers. Each and every essay is a story, not only an assortment of thoughts.
The program will generate a whole essay within one moment, determined upon just a couple key phrases. It needs to become astounding! So which may allow you to narrow down a theme and name for the environmental composition, we’ve mentioned several techniques you might employ.
Many applicants don’t gain select the incorrect problem compose about the unsuitable issue or only don’t collect a essay. Our essay service can take care of any issue you have got into your mind as we’ve got authors on board who is able to offer you. It is tricky to track down a essay writing support.
We possess the best skills to compose your essay if it has to do with term papers. Definition expository writing is actually just a set of orwell. Drafting an article is similar to talking to your crush.
Perhaps you have ever asked yourself the way you are able to ace while in the subject of essay writing, although as students you encountered the undertaking of essay producing a range of times on your job. The expert writers must recall that the expert building is different from the following piece of writing as being a means to serve you ought to become exceptional. A crucial thing to remain in your mind when creating a informative article is the fact that the artist needs to be given value.
Be certain in the very simple fact that you’ve got some thing to contribute into the university pupil system, and also explain why. You will need to select some thing in, & schools are going to need to comprehend exactly what you prefer to know in your spare moment. College students get into plenty of stress to get the acceptable matter for the article.
Writing instruction essay might be perhaps the element of the in depth procedure of program to get yourself a school. They are categorized in various classes for the ease of audience. If you really don’t see where to hunt for supporting data or just how to successfully begin with your essay we are going to be pleased to aid you.
Besides completing a single application college students will possess the choice of presenting a second and also will need to create one informative article. Consequently we invite one to take advantage of it to sum up the Additional Info department may https://www.nyu.edu/tisch/preservation/program/student_work/2005fall/05f_1800_lys_a2.pdf be very valuable best grammar checker online to pupils. College composition samples are everywhere all anyplace on the other side of the net and also in lots of areas.
Academic papers can not comprise any signals of plagiarism. Pupils have zero clue how to efficiently use the scanning checklist. They need to have the ability to decide on instructors.
Then you need to become mindful about the topics if you want to create a program for entrance in a university you find it feasible to test . In ending paragraph is to write at higher school or faculty essays. In the section, you will observe distinctive lists of all themes for both college pupils.
The expert essay authors say that it’s important to revolve around the flow and vogue of writing. You value producing your own essays rely. Remember a true end and start are all vital for an efficient article.
The point is that it’s possible you just know the ideal place to check. At which you should convince another man of someone’s opinions attempt to keep in your mind that discussion areas are a form of addresses. It’s potential that you outline the principal things or your disagreements .
About adding your last ideas for certain types of 14, You’re going to be informed. Finally, it’s important to decide on topics that you feels at ease to write on this you are able to do justice. Work is a must, therefore find what you like.
The Top Secret Truth on Online Essay Writer Revealed Therefore, an superb article writer ought to be able to integrate their information so as to believe of initial work that can’t lead to penalizations which result from plagiarism cases. It will be possible for you to consider the benefits of composing the paper and some […]
The One Best Approach to Use for Essay Conclusion The conclusion and the introduction is imposed thereby developing an paragraph conveying the appreciable information. An end is that the former paragraph in your research paper, or the section in any other kind of presentation. It describes the attention-getter summarizes the main points and supplies. Due […]
This digital photography of Electrical Color Code Chart Luxury 40 Elegant Transistor Color Chart has dimension 480 × 500 pixels. You can see another items of this gallery of Electrical Color Code Chart below. Get interesting article about Electrical Color Code Chart that may help you.
, picks the top libraries using greatest quality just for you all, and now this photographs is usually one of photographs series in our best graphics gallery concerning Electrical Color Code Chart. I’m hoping you may as it.
This image (Electrical Color Code Chart Luxury 40 Elegant Transistor Color Chart) earlier mentioned is actually labelled together with:
ARISS is always glad to receive listener reports for the above contacts.  ARISS thanks everyone in advance for their assistance.  Feel free to send your reports to aj9n at amsat.org or aj9n at aol.com.
1. Immediately stop feeding your dog the recalled food; save a small sample of the food and the barcode label in case government regulators need to test the food.
2. Disinfect everything, including your dog’s food bowl, food storage container and feeding space with bleach and hot, soapy water.
3. Immediately take your dog to your veterinarian for a wellness exam, even if your dog does not show symptoms of food poisoning. In some cases, internal organ damage can accumulate slowly over time; early intervention is essential to protecting your pet’s health.
Over the last several years, numerous dog food brands and treats have been recalled for chemical contamination or Salmonella. This last summer many dog food brands were recalled due to Salmonella; all were manufactured in a Diamond Pet Foods plant in Gaston, South Carolina, USA. This plant makes many brands besides their own Diamond brand; Solid Gold, Canidae, Taste of the Wild, and Kirkland (Costco’s brand) were just some of the types of food affected. Further investigation showed that problems extended back to October 2011. By July 2012, at least 49 people had been sickened from the Salmonella in the dog food, and ten had been hospitalized. Salmonella can cause illness in dogs as well, such as vomiting and diarrhea. It is not known how many pets were affected from this infection. And like humans, some dogs and cats may not show any symptoms, but become carriers of Salmonella and can infect other animals and people.
An even larger problem is the chicken jerky treats made in China. It has been known for a few years that many dogs have been sickened from them, and the number of cases is increasing. The FDA just reported that in the last 18 months, 360 dogs and one cat have died from ingesting them. Extensive analysis has not revealed the cause. They have been tested for several chemical compounds including melamine, heavy metals, pesticides, and other toxins and infectious agents. The warning has now been extended to duck and sweet potato jerky treats.
For pet owners and veterinarians, there’s nothing quite as scary as discovering the food that you feed your dog is actually making him or a human family member sick. While you can’t prevent your pet’s food from being recalled, you can take the following five steps to reduce the risk for food poisoning and contamination or at least document a problem.
1. Store food in an airtight container. Before adding a new bag of food to the container, thoroughly wash it out with soap and hot water.
2. Save the barcode. Cut the barcode off your dog’s current food bag. Oftentimes a brand will only recall certain bags of food, depending on where they were manufactured. This information is contained in the barcode.
3. Wash bowls and food space regularly, and then disinfect them in bleach. If dry dog food falls on the floor, treat it the same as you would raw meat or chicken; clean the floor immediately with antibacterial spray.
4. Watch for symptoms. If you notice a change in your pet’s behavior and energy levels, contact your veterinarian. Common symptoms include vomiting and diarrhea. It is always possible that your dog’s food may be making him sick but it has not officially been recalled.
5. Practice good hygiene. When feeding your dog, it’s natural to reach down and pick up fallen pieces of food off the floor and put them back in your pet’s bowl. If the food is contaminated with E. coli or salmonella, however, then doing so will spread these dangerous bacteria to your hands. Always wash your hands with soap and water after feeding your dog; never touch your eyes, ears or mouth with unwashed hands.
If you suspect that your dog’s food is making him sick, contact your veterinarian and government regulators. In the United States, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) formally tracks complaints about suspect dog food and treats. You can contact the FDA Consumer Complaint Coordinator.
Anasazi Animal Clinic offers our patient form(s) online so they can be completed it in the convenience of your own home or office.
Anasazi Animal Clinic is celebrating National Pet Dental Month in February by giving a 10% discount on all dental procedures done in the Month of February. Dental disease and especially periodontal disease can shorten your pets life, by leading to internal organ infections in the liver, kidneys, respiratory system and even the heart. Periodontal disease can be very painful and result in losing teeth, as well as bad breath and problems eating. You can prevent the consequences of dental disease by having your pets teeth cleaned on a regular basis starting at an early age.
Anasazi Animal Clinic will do free awake oral exams on the next two Saturday mornings, January 30 and February 6. So call and reserve a spot for your pet. This offer is reserved for pet owners that see the offer on out web site.
Anasazi Animal Clinic offers Care Credit for your convenience, which allows qualified client to spread the cost out interest free. You can apply online at Carecredit.com or call and ask us here at Anasazi Animal clinic.
Call us at 928-567-3807 to take advantage of this exclusive offer. You must mention that you saw it on our web site or Facebook.
Previous PostWho is mel brooks dating Next PostAdult sex dating in trinidad and tobago join for free
Home is adam brody dating panorama online dating Free adult chat for ipad no sign up new media expo speed dating tattoodating com 100dating online site no i did not know that michael was dating holly After that date, a new numbering system added a three letter code to indicate 1) the swing, 2) the gear and apron combination and the location of the drive, and 3) the spindle hole size, type of swing, and special features., 10" pedal lathe.
Pen Pal World provides a free system that helps you contact people without having to post your information online publicly.
Hi, I’m Karin MacDonald, and this is my first year as President of the Adoptive Families Association. My husband Brendan and I have a gorgeous five-year-old son, who we brought home from the Philippines in 2013. We are now officially waiting to bring home a little brother or sister.
This is my second year on the committee, and I am very excited about the helping with the role that the AFA plays in supporting families in the adoption and permanent care community in Canberra and region. I hope to bring my experience in working in government to getting better communication for our families – both those waiting, and those already home.
I was adopted from South Korea at six months of age and was raised in a small country town in NSW. In 2010 I was fortunate enough to travel to Busan to meet my birth family.
I began my involvement with AFA last year, after living abroad for two years. I'm looking forward to working with the Committee to ensure another wonderful year for our AFA members.
Hi, my name is Janine. My husband and I are the proud and busy parents of two beautiful children from China. Cheng Rui is 10 years old, adopted from Nanning in 2005. Samuel or Sam as he likes to be called, is a lively 6 year old boy from Huzhou, adopted in 2008.
This is my second year as Treasurer and being on the AFA Committee and I look forward to working hard in my assigned role.
Hi, I'm Rosa del Castillo Bartolich, mum to a four year old boy named Sol, who I adopted with my husband Andrew from Colombia in 2012. We transferred to the ACT nearly three years ago from Byron Bay, to be closer to family. We believe we are in a rich cultural paradise!
I have a degree in psychiatric nursing. Currently, I assist my partner at our ACT chiropractic clinic in Gunghalin in a management role. I was born in South America and am excited about the opportunity to adopt a sibling from Chile. In my spare time I am a Scout leader with Pioneros Spanish Scouts in Turner.
The best store builder by ShopFactory powers D1852. All-in one store builder and eCommerce software.
BOULDER VALLEY ENT ... published on November 1st, 2018 , page A22 Go Back Print Email Save View Full Size
This website is part of the Pitchero Rugby Union network. Create your own free Rugby Union club website with Pitchero.
I'm not even kidding when I cry, "Uncle!" I just simply say enough. I have been taught to choose silence when I am upset as I might say something I regret.
What can I say? I'm a rebel. So I here I am blogging. Really, when you think about it--I'm not SAYING anything. I'm just writing.
I'm just unwound. I think my life might be on a souped up version of that Ashton Kutcher show Punked. Gotta be honest... been hit from a lot of sides here lately. And I can handle a punch here or there. But I reached a tipping point today 36 hours ago when I first started this blog post.
I won't even go into details. It's just too ludicrous to repeat. And I made a solemn vow as I was praying in my car about the situation. When all I could say in disbelief was, "Jesus. Jesus. Jesus." Then I said, "I refuse to give this any more life. I refuse to give this any more of my time and energy. I refuse to let it consume one more second of my day."
For the people driving near me, you can continue to think I was singing out loud in my mini-van. Singing. Talking to God out loud. Making solemn vows. Rebuking the devil to get the heck away from me.
(P.S. I know I said not one more second to be given to this and here I am typing it for all of posterity on this world wide web. But, truly, I am refusing to receive the discouragement from said incident).
There's a crazy train blowing through town. And I'm afraid to say that I'm the conductor. And it's not even one big crazy. It's just a little crazy piled on top of another little crazy.
Technology glitches. Rude people. Solicitors calling at the worst possible moment. Bad hair days. Traffic. Lady Antebellum's tour bus catching fire and shutting down an entire Dallas highway on a bridge for a while.
And at some point, you wanna pull your hair out. Climb under the covers and just hide. Rock in fetal position in the corner.
That was a good year. I spent my afternoons playing with my friends on my street, passing hours playing Barbies or on my neighbor, Beth's, play scape in her backyard. We roamed around until dark and watched the fire flies come out. I spent my evenings in our sweet basement where I watched television shows like Different Strokes or Facts of Life. My biggest concern was learning all the lyrics to my favorite Amy Grant album. Or Hall and Oates. Or Barry Manilow. I may or may not have owned a record of two of his, also.
I couldn't wait to be an adult. Where I could set my OWN bedtime. Because I just knew my parents were doing something fun after I had to go to bed.
I had no clue that they were actually feeling like the crazy train hit and they just wanted to beg to not have to adult today.
Thank goodness for friends where you don't have to hide your crazy. But they laugh with you and send funny e-cards via group texts. Thank goodness for friends who are daily praying for you, when maybe you don't have the energy to pray for yourself. Thank goodness for family who share you crazy gene. And wild moments of singing lyrics at the top of our lungs as we clear the dinner table.
And thank goodness for a God who knows my crazy. Even better than I do. Thank goodness that he knew this day--this week of frustrations and set backs and "near break-throughs" but "not yet's" and angry people and busy days and weird schedules-- he knew it all.
- The new second edition of my book "Circumstantial Evidence" is now available on Amazon and Amazon Prime! It's got a cool new glossy cover and a new photogr...
The Lisping Asteroid - Cathy Hill’s Mad Raccoons are back in Chapter two of “Raccoons On The Moon”, which I have titled: “The Lisping Asteroid”. In paying an inadvertent visit t...
Chris D's First By-Line in Slash - August 1977: "I Got a Right"/" Fucking Obvious Bastards of L.A."/"insipid and retarded hippie wimps with googoo brains" - I can't even count how many shit-fi French Stooges bootlegs I bought in the 1980's but it was a lot. Pretty much every early 1970's rehearsal scrap and liv...
An Interview with William Schallert - Part Two - *William Schallert: It was around 1950 when I was sent to MGM along with a bunch of other actors. Leonard Murphy was the guy in casting. I’d worked for M...
Space-time continuum disruption, daddio! (Vol 2) - Amazingly, a volume two of this nonsense appears, so soon after volume one too! Whodathunkit? *The Who - Live at Leeds* The second album in my occasional...
Grateful Dead: Live (Fillmore West) (a WCF copy, 2001/2); ‘SAN FRANCISCO 1’ (TMOQ1: 71058 / TMOQ2: 2805) - I believe the WCF 2001 – 58 series was the first time the label used the folder-type covers and all the reissued titles that had them came later. Based o...
Manfred Mann's Earth Band - Nightingales & Bombers - *"Crazy jeany and her mission man were back ...." ... temón csm.* *@ Nicolás Bramón* *Preaching from the Visionary Mountain* *"We'll pick up Hazy Davy and...
Trans-Differently-Abled Suffer Growing Persecution - By Dr. Julius Berkshire-Yoweri MD, P.h.D. Some people have never heard of the trans-differently-abled. They are a community of special people who are force...
Please help persecuted South African Whites! – URGENT! - Originally posted on Europa Unitas Movement: Whites in South Africa are now having their farms and land stolen from them by the racist South African govern...
Once upon a time, not so long ago - I had no idea Clangers were so big in real life. Once upon a time my mum acquired a knitting pattern for Clangers, she was bemused by the instructions f...
WHLO-AM 640..After Top 40 1980-1986 - Hello Everybody: Yes the Blog is still here..LOL..For our first post in about two and a half years I want to look back at a Classic Radio Station that wa...
About "cookies" - Yeah, OK, y'all.. Google said because of those new EU regs I must let y'all know that this blog will collect "cookies" and that they even "helpfully" supp...
The Standells - "Why Did You Hurt Me" (1966) - This is the b-side of "Sometimes Good Guys Don't Wear White." My best guess from the Tower label catalog number is that it is from about mid-1966, maybe su...
She Made It After All... - From August 19, 1977, it's the last broadcast of Jessica Savitch at KYW-TV Channel 3 in Philadelphia (complete with commercials). She was leaving the the...
Various Artists - "Songs The Senders Taught Us" (WAIL TAPE 02) - It's been a while, huh? OK, I'm a lazy bastard lately I confess. There are many excuses for it, but I'm as bored to story them as you probably reading them...
Deadbeat's Guide to Mother's Day Gifts - If you're like me, you think mother's day is just another made up holiday, designed by corporate America to shame men into spending their hard earned mone...
"Drowning is Funny!" with Posty and Lolly - Posty the Pelican and his Pal Lolly from All-Surprise #3 [image: Posty Pelican Lolly the Elephant funny animal cartoon comics] Glub! Glub! ...with friends l...
Hearts of Oak: The New Battle of Britain - Next weekend is the 50th anniversary of Conservative MP Enoch Powell’s now infamous Rivers of Blood speech. In it, he predicted that uncontrolled mass migr...
1969 Grin and Bear It junk yard - It's a fine long term investment,,,,in a few years after garbage fill, you'll double its value as a prime building lot.
BMI (Body Mass Indicator) is a Tool of the Medical Corporatocracy - I’m surprised when I see libertarian-ish types uphold the Body Mass Index (BMI), a very controversial health indicator, as an “accurate estimator of health...
The Smith Tapes - Fillmore East Collection 1 - 26.03.1969 (interview) - At the time of this interview, Reed and his band, The Velvet Underground, had already recorded the two albums The Velvet Underground & Nico and White Lig...
AFS v. 377 ~ The Power of Contempt - *Thanks to Robin Redbeast for asking me to sub his "He Hates Music, He Loves Noise" program! * *On this edition of AFS…* *(not in this particular order) * ...
"Never Play Any Club That Does Not Stock Your Brand Of Booze!" 17 minutes on the phone with Tommy Stinson - *Freddie Kruger came to SXSW, and was kind enough to pose for pics: Me and my twin from another mother Tommy Stinson, 3-15-17* *Note: This was to have r...
The Revenant - Well, I did it. I made it through 2016. Whew. Heather and I were beset by so many crises, minor and major, in 2016 that it is hard to keep track of them al...
Is Tide Going Out on Hillary? - [image: Is Tide Going Out on Hillary?] By Patrick J. Buchanan Were the election held today, Hillary Clinton would probably win a clear majority of the El...
Bob Brown with the Conqueroo “The Shoe Box Tapes” - The past few years has seen some really good late 60s/early 70s music released for the first time ever – Crystal Syphon, Uther Pendragon, Bleu Forest, The ...
05/18/16 TATSOL To Disappear From The 'Net In 12 Hours!! - FYI: Due to the sheer amount of personal memories and experiences from the last 7 years contained here that I do not care to sift through to edit or remove...
MUTANT SOUNDS IS REBORN AS DUBLAB'S MUTANT SOUNDS RADIO WITH VAS DEFERENS ORGANIZATION - For all of you who thought Mutant Sounds was a thing of the past, take heed! Mutant has reconfigured itself and will now be presented by Eric Lumbleau and ...
THE OLD REDHEAD AND SCOOTER - Huh. Was looking through archives of a long defunct weekly magazine from Paterson and found these in a 1960 issue: Yeah. Oh, and yes, I'm back....
"Associates Roofing is one of the best roofing contractors I've ever dealt with! Should you award a contract to them, I'm sure you'll be as satisfied as we have been. Let me know if you have any questions."
"Amy has helped me to recognize and value my own unique style, challenging me to strengthen and develop my voice in exciting directions. In addition to her invaluable design feedback, she is a role model for developing confidence, character, tenacity, and the courage to go after your dreams."
For aspiring designers and illustrators or for professionals who want to strengthen their portfolios, I now offer mentoring and professional coaching sessions.
I offer over 20 years of experience as a designer and have an impressive track record of success working with clients in a variety of industries including stationery, paper products, clothing, toys, wall art, books, magazines, fabrics, and many more.
My sessions are designed to meet your individual needs. I start with a free session to see if what I offer is what you are looking for.
Product prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on Amazon at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
This petite Club chair with ottoman is the total package. Tuck one into a corner of a bedroom or use a pair to round out a larger seating area. The handsome and stylish chair and ottoman will fit into and enhance any area of your home. The geometric pattern adds a touch of femininity that balances the masculine shape for a well rounded design.
A place for inspiration and convenience. Please enjoy your time with us, and don't hesitate to contact us with any questions.
This site contains affiliate links, if you follow one of these links the owners of this site will receive a commission from the sale.
« Women in Cults! double feature | Home | Justin Bieber's paternity suit, as reported by the girl's grandfather »
Last night was the first time I got to attend DC's annual High Heel Drag Queen Race, which happens the Tuesday before Halloween. It might be the only truly unusual experience I've ever had in Washington, a town I associate with smart, conservatively-dressed people who walk around the city wearing their building photo ID badges and, despite their dedication to arriving at their desks on time, wouldn't dream of crossing the street against the light (it's illegal!)
Twenty minutes after the race was over, cops were out in full force, notifying everyone that the fun was over, the brief window in which men are allowed to wear eyeliner and sequins was now closed, please put on some pants. Stern officers on motorcycles rode along the edge of the street, hustling some dawdling Divine-inspired ladies out of the gutter.
But there were loads of spectacular drag queens and thousands of people there to watch, so even if the party was short, it was a good time. The race served as a little preview of what I expect to see at New York's own Village Halloween Parade on Monday. Each year's crop of costumes seems to follow trends, and it's amazing how the same inspiration strikes so many parade-goers every year.
Black Swan. There were at least three sets of white and black swans out, wearing combinations of feathers, black glitter eye makeup, and headdresses and tutus made of balloons, which isn't exactly faithful to the original costume design, but still worked. Hope some of this weekend's white/black swan duos start making out, then stab each other.
Amy Winehouse. Or dead Amy Winehouse. The DC drag queen Amy Winehouse was standing up inside a glittery coffin, smoking a cigarette and swearing at everyone who wanted to take a picture.
The cracked Washington Monument. This one might not occur to New Yorkers who forgot about the earthquake 5 minutes after they grudgingly returned to their evacuated offices, but DC had a few of these.
Wow, he's actually prettier than Princess Beatrice. Hope she never sees that picture; it would kill her.
He really is! Very demure and lovely. Amazing what centuries of not inbreeding can do for your looks.
Yep, it can be a little intimidating, because you don't just cook an Artichoke. You have to prepare it, stuff it, eat it, prepare it again (so you can eat the heart) which is in the center, then at last enjoy that! But it is not so hard once you have been shown.
Artichokes peak season is in the spring, but I prefer to have them in early fall. That is when my Grandmother would come to visit us & make them.
You will also need Olive Oil, bread crumbs (I prefer Italian seasoned, then you don't have to season them yourself), and a few cloves of garlic. You will need a pair of scissors to snip the tip of each leaf off, as it has a sharp thorn on it.
Cut the stem off the Artichoke @ the base of the choke so it sits flat. I cut up enough garlic in small pieces so that you can place a sliver in between every leaf as shown above. This also helps keep the leaves a little open for when you stuff it.
Add about a cup of bread crumbs, salt & pepper then drizzle with enough Olive oil to make the bread crumbs a little moist so they clump together a bit. Add 1-2 cloves of minced garlic. Stir that until it mixes well.
Place the choke over the bowl of crumbs & with a spoon, slowly start to fill the leaves with the stuffing, turning the choke as you go.
Place in a pot of salted water that has been brought to a boil. I like to use a steam basket. If you do not want the choke to turn brown, put a little lemon or vinegar in the water. Or leave the lid off, but it may take a little longer to cook. I personally don't care if they are still bright green.
It will take about 20-40 minutes for the choke to cook. The best way to test if it is done is to CAREFULLY hold the choke with a fork while you try to pry loose a leaf. If it comes out easy, it is done.
Scrape the stuffing & the 'flesh' of the choke between your teeth! When you have gotten to the center & there are very few leaves left & no more stuffing to be found,
cut the soft leaves off the top of the choke. Shown above, the right side you do not eat, the left side you do, after your remove the 'thistle'.
Again, the right side you discard & the left side is what is left after you scrape out all the 'thistle' leaves. What you are left with is the artichoke heart.
This is the most tender part, you should be able to cut it with a fork. Alot of people will drizzle this with Olive oil & then eat, but I love to eat it plain. My daughter Morgan is a very picky eater. She eats no green vegetables EXCEPT fresh Artichoke! I have to fight her for it, go figure!!
Thanks so much for linking up to Tuesday Talent Show! I would love to have you stop by and link up again with more great projects!
I love and am truly honored that you want to use or copy my idea, just make sure you credit my blog by adding a link. Thanks so much in advance!
I'm Bonnie, a 40 something mother of 3 and married to a wonderful man. I am a hairdresser by trade and have loved my job for 18 years now. But my passion for thrifting, photography, redesigning, rearranging and creating is a huge part of my life too! Thanks for stopping by and I hope I will inspire you today!!
Are you interested in seeing how much of your blog posts are being repined by others on Pinterest? Well here is a simple way to see all that activity.
Log into your Pinterst account and go to one of your boards and find a Pin that you know came directly from your blog. Here is an example.
I have a board that is titled 'a wee Meenit blog' and it has all of my posts pinned on it by me. I also from time to time, place them in an more specific board like 'pillows', 'hair', etc. Click on one of your pins. So now you only see that one Project you Pinned. In this case it is an Antler Wreath I pinned in December. To the left of that it will show a thumb nail of the board. Below that it has a spot that will say
It will show 3 of your recent pins. If you click on one it will now show ALL of your Pins that have been REpinned by others.
I am able to see that this Pin of mine, from my blog post has: 1 Like and 20 repins. It shows me ALL of the repins. It is pretty cool to see how much people have repined your stuff.
You can also do it for others if you find something you really like, you can see what else that blog or website has on Pinterst.
OMG Im famous on pinterest lol...Yesterday I opened an account and thx to you I just found out that alot of people have pined my work...love pinterest
okay, that was totally cool to see my stuff repinned! now i need to forget how to do it so i don't start stalking myself!!
hey i saw the antler wreath post with 19 repins. i could only see 10 of the repins. how can one see all of them?
Has Pinterest changed how they display the repins? I get a heap of notifications of repins, lets say 20 but when I look at the # of pins for that image it says 3. But if I click the link to the image from the email notice, in the top left corner of the image, it'll show the 20. What's going on there?
WELCOME Taylor Kitto is the owner of Wild Poppy Goods, an online shop specializing in curated items from both vintage and handmade sources. This is a place to share her passion for conscious living, modern wellness, small business, and all things beautiful.
Winona ryder (born winona laura horowitz october 29, 1971) is an american actress and film producer one of the most successful actresses of the 1990s, [1] [2] [3] she made her film debut in lucas (1986. Zack ryder is a 33 year old american wrestler born matthew cardona on 14th may, 1985 in merrick, new york, he is famous for wwe superstar born matthew cardona on 14th may, 1985 in merrick, new york, he is famous for wwe superstar. Once the sisters leave home and hearth, ms armstrong has more trouble keeping the story's strands together than she did when the girls were part of a single pretty picture. Today’s single christian delivers a daily shot of spiritual encouragement to moody radio listeners lina abujamra offers insights from god’s word and her own life to inspire and guide singles in pursuing a fulfilling christian life right now. The ryder cup is one of the biggest goals for players from europe and the united states each player will be fighting for personal glory throughout the year, though the standings all contribute to.
Ryder the name ryder is a baby boy name meaning english meaning: the name ryder is an english baby namein english the meaning of the name ryder is: knight. Ryder's best 100% free singles dating site meet thousands of singles in ryder with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of single men and women in ryder is the perfect place to make friends or find a boyfriend or girlfriend in ryder. Serena ryder (born december 8, 1982) is a canadian musician born in toronto, on june 24, 2016, ryder released the single got your number she released her album utopia on may 26, 2017, containing 17 songs an ep called electric love was released on the same day. Leading up to the ryder cup, phil mickelson revealed that this was likely his last ryder cup as a player now 48, mickelson has just one victory on the pga tour over the last five years and knows his days as a top player are numbered.
Christianmingle is by far the most popular christian dating site available today the faith-based dating network includes millions of people of all denominations and beliefs it was founded in 1997 to give singles a god-centric place to find love and commitment — and it has led to countless relationships and marriages ever since. But, johnson’s history, his steadiness, and his 3-1-1 singles record in five ryder cup appearances, might give the 2-time major champion an outside shot at snagging the final rose. Woods entered the day 4-1-2 in his ryder cup career in singles, but with only a 9-19-1 record overall after going 0-3-0 in group play over the first two days at le golf national in paris. Fowler's ryder cup kiss-story at the 2016 ryder cup, rickie fowler was single and it was plain for all to see during a celebratory photograph at hazeltine. Ryder cup hero's girl who's having russell brand's baby: golf star bernard gallacher and his wife say they are 'very happy' after learning their daughter laura is pregnant by the controversial.
Keep your pants up, or don't, with the dakine ryder belt the choice is entirely up to you a single prong metal buckle helps to keep this nylon-webbing belt securely fastened for all your pants-wearing needs. Europe's rory mcilroy looks down at his ball in a bunker on the 18th hole during a singles match on the final day of the 42nd ryder cup at le golf national in saint-quentin-en-yvelines, outside. Single christian women in ryder, ny build your empire of love in the empire state we have thousands of online personal ads in the state of new york.
Winona ryder and tom green were spotted going out on a date in 2008 michael thomas tom green is a canadian actor, rapper, writer, comedian, producer, director, talk show host, and media personality. Robert john downey jr (born april 4, 1965) is an american actor and singer his career has included critical and popular success in his youth, followed by a period of substance abuse and legal troubles, and a resurgence of commercial success in middle age. Ryder clips christian laced front clips cnl-fc by ryder clips $1773 $ 17 73 free shipping on eligible orders 47 out of 5 stars 13 available with two clip version for laced boots or single money clip ryder clips western star strap front clips wss-fc by ryder clips $1922 $ 19 22 free shipping on eligible orders. Winona ryder was born winona laura horowitz in olmsted county, minnesota, and was named after a nearby town, winona, minnesota she is the daughter of cynthia (istas), an author and video producer, and michael horowitz, a publisher and bookseller. Type the characters you see in the picture above send from our partners.
Ryder's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in ryder with mingle2's ryder dating services find a girlfriend or lover in ryder, or just have fun flirting online with ryder single girls. The harley dating site has allied with more than 700 harley motorcycle clubs in us, uk, canada and australia 500,000+ harley riders have joined the site, and more than ten thousand harley members have certified their motorcycle driving license or verified their profile, photos, age, education and even income. Little women with winona ryder and christian bale love this movie ryder and christian bale love this movie girls can't because of our societal gender roles, how corsets are limiting and pointless because girls are just as active as boys, and how.
See all winona ryder's marriages, divorces, hookups, break ups, affairs, and dating relationships plus celebrity photos, latest winona ryder news, gossip, and biography winona ryder is currently single she has been in 13 celebrity relationships averaging less than one year each she has never been married. The junior ryder cup, an international showcase of golf’s next generation, is designed to continue to build international friendships between the top junior golfers in the united states and europe. Friday afternoon’s session at the ryder cup was an all-out disaster for the usa nbc’s johnny milller said it was the worst he’d seen a team play in any of these match play competitions, ever. Ryder rating: 8/10, i really wish susan sarandon was my badass single-ish mother during the civil war these ladies are tough as nails these ladies are tough as nails girl, interrupted (1999.
After spending 12 days in the incredible Kimberley capturing footage and interviewing participants during the Program, we had some pretty intense sessions in the editing suite with the post-production team bringing this to life.
Being able to showcase Outback Initiatives in videos, and now their flagship program – The Kimberley Leadership Adventure, is a really exciting stage for AW Studio to get to with the Client after close to two years of working closely together on the rebrand transformation and the developing of new marketing material.
To see some of the collateral produced by AW Studio as part of the Outback Initiatives rebranding project, visit awstudio.com.au/outback-initiatives-rebrand
We're extremely excited to see the launch of the Outback Initiatives Women's Leadership Challenge Video as part of their rebranding !
With Social Media forming a large part of the marketing strategy for Outback Initiatives and the promotion of their Programs and Services, the development of video content is crucial.
Our gradual taking of opportunities to grab footage as real programs were run, eventually paid off ... allowing us to tell these real stories and first hand experiences of participants during and after the programs, setting them juxtaposed against action shots and some of the stunning 'outback' locations the programs are run.
An amazing number of people and talents came together to make this happen ... Creative Direction by AW Studio, footage by Farmhouse Films, Julian Masters, Tourism Western Australia and production by Sandbox, not to mention some huge effort client side – thanks Bonnie and Sheryll ... And last but by no means least, all the amazing faces in front of the camera!
After months of working through a full revamp of the House and Pet Sitters logo and marketing collateral ... we are thrilled to be launching the rebranded and redesigned responsive website.
Gordon Parks and unidentified staff member sitting on ferris wheel set from "The Learning Tree" on location in Bourbon and Linn counties, Kansas :: The Gordon Parks Collection
Home The Gordon Parks Collection Gordon Parks and unidentified staff member sitting on ferris wheel set from "The Learning Tree" on...
Gordon Parks and unidentified staff member sitting on ferris wheel set from "The Learning Tree" on location in Bourbon and Linn counties, Kansas
Title Gordon Parks and unidentified staff member sitting on ferris wheel set from "The Learning Tree" on location in Bourbon and Linn counties, Kansas
Description Black & White photograph of Gordon Parks sitting on the ferris wheel set talking to a crew member while filming "The Learning Tree" on location in Bourbon and Linn counties, Kansas.
Add tags for Gordon Parks and unidentified staff member sitting on ferris wheel set from "The Learning Tree" on location in Bourbon and Linn counties, Kansas
Digital Specifications Image was acquired using a Plustek OpticPro A320 scanner, PageManager Pro9.37 scanning software. Master file is a 600 dpi TIFF. JPEG was created using Photoshop CS6.
Description Black & White photograph of three German Luftwaffe officers standing in front of a Heinkel He 45 reconnaissance bomber and saluting an unseen officer, circa 1935-1945.
If you are thinking about starting a personal injury suit, there are lot of things for you to consider. You need to be able to really get serious about what you want in a lawyer, know what information you need, and know how to best win your case. Here are some tips to help you do that.
When fighting car accident injury lawyers , a lawyer will have many curve balls thrown at him. That means that only a lawyer with an extensive history in the field of personal injury law will be able to be successful at trial. Look for a lawyer with lots of experience behind him.
Compare personal injury lawyers. There are plenty of personal injury lawyers out there but unfortunately some of them are sharks. Contact your local Better Business Bureau and always check online for customer reviews. Typically though, the best way to find a good personal injury lawyer is through word of mouth.
If none of your friends or family members have been through a personal injury case, search the Internet for valuable information about personal injury attorneys. There are many organizations and forums that rate lawyers based upon client reviews. These sites can also show you the attorney's track record for winning personal injury lawsuits.
Make sure the lawyer you choose has good experience with personal injury cases. Do not judge the lawyer by how many times he settled, but by what he was able to do for his clients. A personal injury lawyer may have many "successful" cases where he settled for less then he should have.
Never hire a divorce lawyer to oversee your personal injury case. This may seem like common sense, but many people feel that the lawyer they've already dealt with is great, so why not get them to help? Instead, ask them for a referral for someone who specializes in this type of law.
While getting to court quickly is helpful to your case, you may find your lawyer is just too busy. Find a lawyer who is available immediately to ensure the odds are stacked in your favor. Of course, this is just one of many factors you have to consider when hiring a lawyer.
If you have to purchase and prescriptions or medical equipment as a result of an injury, make sure that you get the receipts and turn them in to your attorney. He will submit them as evidence and it may help you receive a bigger settlement than you had originally anticipated.
Hiring a specialized attorney for a personal injury case is something you may already have thought of, but it's important to find someone even more specialized. For example, if you were in a car accident, find a lawyer who deals specifically with car accidents. Do the same for workplace injuries or residential accidents.
Even if your insurance company provides a lawyer for your personal injury case, consider hiring an additional lawyer on your own. The lawyer from the insurance company may not be the best person to look out for your individual needs and may, instead, be more interested in protecting the interests of the insurance company.
Your lawyer is representing you in court, so you must choose the best option for your case. That means you need someone who you can build a great rapport with to ensure they like you enough to truly care about your case. Select a lawyer you feel is on your side.
If you're worried about the costs the come with hiring a lawyer, look for one that works on a contingency basis. Contingency plans dictate that you do not have to pay your lawyer unless the case is decided in your favor. This ensures you don't pay if you lose.
File a police record as soon as you possibly can. This report will be a record of information that is important to the case. The report can be used in court to present the judge with the names of the people involved and exactly what happened during the event.
When it comes to finding an attorney, it is important to take your time. When you go looking for a lawyer, it's a lot like looking for a car. In other words, jumping on the first shiny object you see will leave you disappointed when you find something better in a week. Be sure to take your time.
Never rush when it comes to personal injury cases. Give yourself time to consider all options. Understand that finding the right personal injury lawyer for you is a lot like finding the right home for you. In other words, jumping on the first shiny object you see will leave you disappointed when you find something better in a week. Be https://www.kiwibox.com/molemall7allena/blog/entry/143077347/things-you-need-to-do-if-you-ve-been-injured/?pPage=0 to take your time.
Contact all of the parties that may be responsible for paying for your injuries as soon as you can. The law has certain time requirements, and insurance companies do as well, so to ensure that you are within them you should just contact them right away. Not doing so could mean the end of your claim.
If you are unhappy with your personal injury attorney, know that you can terminate the contract. This must be done in writing, but it gives you an out and allows you to find someone else to represent you. Just keep in mind that if you choose to do this, you will still owe your attorney funds for the work he has completed prior to being let go.
Now, do simply click the up coming site see how you can help yourself through a personal injury? It should be quite clear. Apply what you've just learned, and you'll be on your way to succeeding in this matter. With a winning attitude and perseverance, you can win your case and feel better in no time.
austin tx family photographer Archives - Austin Newborn Photographer, Austin Texas Family, Maternity, Children, Family Photographer, Sara Lopez.
I have been photographing this family since their twins were born. When I get to see them it is such a joy for me. They are going to be 7 this spring. When they asked if we could do a last minute session with their extended family I said absolutely. Having an amazing picture with…
I have been photographing these twins since they were a week old. I love my time with them because we have fun and laugh so much. Beautiful Austin Tx weather at Laguna Gloria made it a dream. This is my another one of my favorite images from the session. Click here.
Six Month Baby Session I met this little guy 6 months ago. Oh how time flies. Babies change so much in a short amount of time. I added a new All Inclusive Baby Session to help parents capture this special time. This chubby baby reminded me of my first son. (My son had rolls on…
Copyright © 2009, Department of Neurobiology and Developmental Sciences, University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences.
Did ya'll know Claire turned TWO? Yeah, *shamed blogger face*, like 3 weeks ago. It happened to be the most special and fun little celebration. Claire's Oma and Opa decided to rent out a beach house for and ENTIRE week (7 days!!!!!!!) and planned it around her and her cousin Jude's 2nd birthdays (they're one week apart).
Of course, this meant that my sister-in-law, Kate, and I got to collaborate on this little joint-birthday-venture. Our first instinct for a theme was....*drum roll*...BEACH THEME! Super creative, right? We are both blog addicts and soon began scouring the internet for cute, hip, original ideas to theme the party around. It soon became apparent that by sticking too literally to the beach theme that things could get cheesy, real fast. Which, really, is not usually a big deal because it's a party for TWO YEAR OLDS! But...we're kind of dorky and obsessive about things like this. So we got together and brainstormed. Turns out Kate has most of the lightning and thunder (ba-dum) and I was along for the ride. I did contribute in terms of the color scheme (yellow and red) but she was BRILLIANTLY inspired by those wonderful, vintage,striped, beach changing rooms.
So we started thinking more patterns (stripes, textures, colors) rather than piling seashells and beach balls. We almost got overly ambitious because we wanted (again, Kate's idea) to construct a striped changing room with an awesome yellow/white striped sheet I snagged at a neighborhood estate sale. But alas, our good senses won out and we ended up using the sheet as our tablecloth instead!
Overall, we wanted to keep it simple. But we also wanted it to look really cute and unique....perhaps a bit chic? Let me tell you, planning this with my SIL was a TOTAL blast! And my other SIL chimed in some AWESOME ideas here and there too. We stayed up late the night before crafting our decorations, listening to music, bouncing ideas off each other and having fun.
What do I take away from this experience? I've decided I want to go into business with Kate. What do you think about that, Kate? Sure, we live like 2 hours away from each other...no biggie ;)
But really, I've loved planning things ever since I our wedding (almost 3 years ago), however, nothing has ever been this fun to pull off because having someone to do it with really made it worthwhile and pretty stress-free (that run-on sentence is basically how I talk...grammar has never been my shtick, fyi). So, three years ago I discovered I like to plan/craft parties but even more, three weeks ago I found that I love to plan/craft parties WITH someone else who loves to plan/craft parties!
Our simple cupcake tablescape. We snagged a frame from the wall, put some brown paper bag inside, outlined the 2. Kate bought boxes of red and yellow ziploc-like bags from Ikea, we cut those into squares, scrunched them and hot glue-gunned them into place. LOVE THE FINAL LOOK! Good call, Kate! And kudos to me for burning off my fingerprints in the process ;)
Kate already had these cupcake liners and we decided they'd be perfect for our theme! Also decided to add little flags(with my scrap fabric/paper bag), kind of like a little changing room on the beach that have little flags sticking out on top. We gave the cupcakes a sandy look by crushing animal crackers in the blender and putting them on the frosting. Again, subtle but themey too :)
Kate and I both bought these yellow/white plastic plates from Target for 25 cents so we hot glued (for stability) them onto a couple short glasses from the beach house. When we were done it was easy to dismantle them by running hot water over the plate and popping it off of the glass.
Since we weren't hanging anything from the ceiling (poufs or balloons or anything) I wanted to have *something* that would add height to our table. I decided to make the little accordian folded circles, attach them to some kebab skewers and topped them with the red circle I cut out from the bottom of a cupcake liner and stuck them in the middle of a cupcake! VOILA!
For lunch we had pulled BBQ pork sandwiches, lil' smokies wrapped in crescent dough, chips/salsa, carrots/dip and fruit skewers. You can't see it but the fruit kebabs are stabilized in place by sand! Nice lil' beachy touch, ay? ;) turned out to be a cute little centerpiece for the food counter. Also had a scrap of red/white fabric of mine that served as a little runner for the food counter. My SIL wrote out a cute little sign for the fruit that read, "2T fruitie". HOW CUTE!!!
Loved Amy's touch here, too with the Lemon-Aid :) hee hee. She also came up with the idea to get some driftwood from the beach, make a 2 and take a picture.
After the party we realized all of our food had been finger food. Oh well! This was another fun little touch that Kate came up with...spray-painted food cans with paper bag 2's and ribbon.
Can you believe we forgot to get candles? Thankfully, Cannon Beach had a cute little candy store with these candles. I was forced to depart from the color scheme...but that's probably a good thing right? You can't have EVERYHING match.
We could have done all kids' all-time favorite cupcakes (chocolate) but again, it wouldn't have had the same *look*. Thankfully, Claire and Jude don't seem to be bothered -- they demolished their cupcakes prettttttyy quickly.
Holy smokes! This is so so cute; you're even inspiring me (the uber-non-crafter). So love that you take such pleasure in it all. It shows!
I am called a wife, mom, daughter, sister, friend, child of God and maybe a few other things! Life can be crazy and is always changing. My sensitive and imaginative daughter, Claire, and sweet baby, Ruby, keep me on my toes and madly in love. I am devoted to my girls and my amazing, awesome, handsome, wonderful, loving, loyal husband, Chris! Overall, I'm learning, day by day, what it means to love Jesus and be loved by Him.
Once upon a time, I grew up in a household. In this household, there was an end-table that someday I would get from my mother and turn into...
...but my husband made me promise I would never make another one of these play kitchens again. Why? Well...in this instance, especially, I...
This weekend I got to help a few lovely ladies throw a little baby shower (some call it a "sprinkle" when it's for baby 2, 3, ...
Did ya'll know Claire turned TWO? Yeah, *shamed blogger face*, like 3 weeks ago. It happened to be the most special and fun little celeb...
It started with Holly and now the Fall/Winter lineup of new babies will be rolling on out soon. I have at least one friend/month due with a ...
Look Back November 2013 (1) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (2) June 2013 (2) April 2013 (2) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (1) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (1) August 2012 (2) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (2) March 2012 (2) February 2012 (2) December 2011 (4) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (3) July 2011 (1) June 2011 (2) May 2011 (3) April 2011 (2) March 2011 (1) February 2011 (1) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (1) November 2010 (4) August 2010 (4) July 2010 (2) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (6) February 2010 (6) January 2010 (9) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (7) September 2009 (5) August 2009 (5) July 2009 (6) June 2009 (4) May 2009 (9) April 2009 (5) March 2009 (3) February 2009 (3) January 2009 (3) December 2008 (6) November 2008 (8) October 2008 (7) September 2008 (12) August 2008 (15) July 2008 (11) June 2008 (9) May 2008 (11) April 2008 (3)
REMEMBER, if this item has dual colours to check your BODY & TRIM colours. For dual colours, the FIRST colour is the main colour, SECOND colour is the PIPING/CONTRAST STRIPE around the collar and/or sleeve.
A stylish, hardwearing and distinctive way to reinforce your company logo or name. Our embroidery service is a cost-effective way to personalise any corporate garment purchased from us. Find out more...
3DSecure (also known as Verified by Visa/MasterCard Secure Code) is a simple, password-protected identity-checking service that helps to decrease the risk of fraud during online shopping.
Our range of women's skirts are perfect for all office and admin professionals, also available in all sizes and in black, navy or grey.
(760) 434-4103	2170 S El Camino Real Law Office of Tim Riley La Mesa California Personal Injury Lawyer George Kindley AREAS OF PRACTICE “Thank You Very Much for All You have Done” Matthew Eric Palmer This Web site was created by attorney Tim Riley so that you could learn more about attorney Tim Riley and the legal services that he provides. Temecula Fri, 31 Aug 2018 19:34:15 Oxnard, CA 93036 301 Mission Avenue Auto Accident, Nick Ferrari Stacey O'Neill is an auto accident injury attorney in Oceanside, California. The legal professionals of Bender & Gritz APLC are committed to providing you with professional legal representation throughout your auto accident case. Our personable and professional lawyers walk clients through the entire legal process, ensuring these victims their rightful representation and chance at proper compensation. After seven years of our comprehensive support, clients of the Oceanside area can expect their case to be handled effectively and efficiently. Correo Electronico Ryan Buchanan, Attorney at Law The accident is only the beginning of the problems. If you have been injured, hospital and follow up doctor visits will be expensive. If you end up needing rehabilitation or an extended time away from work, you could lose income and that will jeopardize your livelihood. If your vehicle is completely totaled, will insurance cover the cost of a new one? Vista, CA Personal Injury Lawyer with 47 years experience San Luis Obispo, CA 93401 'The Top Trial Lawyers in America' Manhattan Office: “Appreciate Your Work More than You Imagine” The Law Office of Tim Riley 12707 High Bluff Drive,Suite 100 San Diego CA 92130 32.948982 -117.24002 If I fail the drug test on parole what will happen
Download free book Email: santabarbara@mayfirm.com HOW TO HELP YOUR ATTORNEY MAXIMIZE THE VALUE OF YOUR INJURY CASE 619-880-5546 (760) 439-1800	3156 Vista Way Workers Compensation Car Accident Lawyers Serving Oceanside, CA (Cardiff) 2530 Professional Parkway, San Diego Office Suite 200-228 Attorney Jared Pursley Who looks out for your best interests after a car accident has occurred? Certainly not the insurance companies who work hard to minimize payouts. Their job is to pay out as little as possible. Often, they prey on victims of car accidents who are initially focused on the damage to their vehicle and how they will get to physical therapy treatment visits or work without a car. Insurance companies may offer quick, low settlements which can be tempting to a car accident victim because it helps with the immediate problem (purchasing a replacement vehicle) but the long-term problem of permanent injuries with the need for future treatment gets ignored in the process. That’s why retaining a car accident lawyer is so important. You need someone who can look at the overall bigger picture and protect your long-term interests in recovering and getting back to a normal life. The accident lawyers at Sargent Injury Attorneys provide free case consultations for anyone who thinks they may have a potential injury case. During a consultation, you will speak with an Oceanside personal injury lawyer. We never charge for a consultation so it is risk free for you. All information is kept confidential and you will get a better understanding of how we can help you. If you are looking for an Oceanside personal injury lawyer, call our office today. Kohn Law Office Wins $1 Million+ Settlement for Victims of Local Car Accident Slip and Falls Yes, start now! Motorcyclist Killed in Head-on Crash in Redlands REDLANDS, CA (August 30, 2018) – A head-on crash in Redlands killed a motorcyclist on Sunday. Police say the collision occurred with a car that was speeding and had crossed over the double-yellow lines of the road on Live Oak Canyon Road. The time was roughly 6:45 a.m. […] How Long Will this Take? Sex crime San Juan Capistrano Typically, victims must bring suit within two years of the accident, or they lose their right to recovery forever. Building a strong case takes time. As such, you should contact our experienced San Diego personal injury attorneys as soon as possible. Phone: 858-356-4568 How to Prepare for Your Initial Consultation David M. Boertje The post Fontana, CA – Two-vehicle Crash Injures Two People Near Catawba Avenue and San Bernardino Avenue appeared first on I Accident Lawyer Blog. Select Page The stretch of road on Mission Avenue between Butler Street and Amick Street is notorious for accidents. Route 76, a major roadway used by commuters in outlying communities, has also been identified as a problem area. Caltrans has attempted to address the problem by implementing larger traffic signs at various key points along CA-76. Oceanside, CA Personal Injury Attorney with 26 years experience Joint and several liability: A legal doctrine that makes each of the parties who are responsible for an injury, liable for all the damages awarded in a lawsuit if the other parties responsible cannot pay. The following are other pages you may find helpful: A rental car Website development Underinsured / Uninsured Motorist San Marcos, Miramar, Escondido, David Azizi has been practicing personal injury law in Southern California for 20 years. He has focused his entire legal career on personal injury cases. Early in his career he was voted as a Rising Star Super Lawyer. More recently he has been honored as a California Super Lawyer. Expertise.com has voted him one of the top personal injury lawyers in Los Angeles. Having won over a total of $55 million for his clients, David is confident he can win your case. Call 800-991-5292 to speak to him today. Chihak & Martel Search the Web: Our Attorneys Premises Liability Is there a time limit on filing a California car accident lawsuit? (716) 854-2020 More Options Oceanside Office 301 Mission Ave, Suite 205 Oceanside, CA 92054 760-712-3889 … Being a positive force in Oceanside through charitable activities; and, settlement and with how (619) 233-5020 LIVE CHAT It’s not fair that you have to go through all of this because someone else was negligent on the roadway. Product liability Military Retirement Property Division Need help with a Personal Injury matter? FtLauderdale building code violations No permits, got caught Slip and fall and trip and fall cases are often overlooked by southern California law firms because they are not confident they can win the case. At the Law Offices of David Azizi, we are very confident we can win your case; so much so that we are willing to work on a contingency basis. This means we do not get paid until we receive the maximum compensation for your injuries. When working on slip and fall cases, we work closely with professionals that have experience recreating the scene of the accident for the jury. If you want to work with an aggressive yet compassionate slip and fall lawyer in Oceanside, call us now at 800-991-5292. Law Offices of Ed Langholz Family lawyer Arcadia Please enter a valid phone number. You may use 0-9, spaces and the ( ) - + characters. How much does it cost and can I get an annulment The post Sorrento Valley, CA – Wrong-way Driver in Collision That Killed Two Others and Himself Identified as YouTube Star ‘McSkillet’ appeared first on I Accident Lawyer Blog. Telefono Nursing Home Negligence A Oceanside car accident lawyer and personal injury attorney help those in situations in which an individual is hurt both mentally and physically generally due to someone else’s inattention or negligence. They can help you or loved one who was involved in a motorcycle, bicycle, pedestrian, slip & fall/premises liability, truck/18 Wheeler/big rigs, bus, atv, train, dog bites, boat, or aviation/air plane injuries. Our Recent Cases © 2018 by The Sexton Law Firm. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Site Map 501 W Broadway Suite 1500 Free ConsultationPersonal Injury, Appeals, Insurance Claims and Products Liability 619-450-2436 Law Firm Profile Contact us For lawyers Fax: (760) 721-2533 100 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 700 Main Office #200 Car Accident Checklist 619-908-1328 Law Firm Profile Contact us *This does not constitute a guarantee, warranty or prediction regarding the outcome of your case and results include that of independent associated counsel. In the event of a loss, you may be obligated to pay the opposing parties fees and costs. We are not affiliated with any public agency. Nothing on this site or any site that brought you to this one, is to constitute an inference or implication that we are the "best" (or similar word) attorneys in comparison to other firms, but rather states our opinion. In the event that you fill out any forms or request a case evaluation, this does not guarantee that you: (a) do in fact have a case (b) that we will become your legal representation (c) does not guarantee a response from one of our attorneys (d) enter into any type of relationship with the firm. It is at our discretion to call you or take you on as a client. The Accident Attorneys' Group makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of third-party web sites accessible by hyperlink from the site, or web sites linking to the site.This website, postings, articles, upkeep, and general online presence is controlled by a marketing team and is not necessarily the views, opinions, or writings of any Attorney(s) at The Accident Attorneys' Group. BD Injury Law Group, APLC The Answer to Your Oceanside, California, Personal Injury Law Firm Search Law Firm Website Law Firm Profile Featured Topics David Boertje Employment advice Bad Faith Insurance Man Seated on West Jensen Avene in Fresno Killed by Big Rig FRESNO, CA (August 31, 2018) – A man died Wednesday night after a big rig ran over him in Fresno. The accident occurred on West Jensen Avenue close to Martin Luther King Boulevard. The time was roughly 9:40 p.m. According to Lieutenant Mark […] See all cities in California Alex B. Scheingross Oceanside has a long, rich history as one of San Diego’s oldest cities. It celebrated its 125th anniversary in 2013 with a variety of events that continued throughout the year. Oceanside, California is probably best known for its beautiful, white sand beaches, Cape Cod-style harbor village, classic wooden pier, and the unlimited opportunities to enjoy water sports and recreation. Of course, wherever you have spectacular beaches, you have waterfront restaurants. Oceanside has three of the best waterfront restaurants in the San Diego area. Oceanside Resource Center Coronado Browse by Location San Marcos, CA 92079 Pro Verified info 2003 S El Camino Real #120, Encinitas, CA Personal Injury Lawyer with 33 years experience Lois SLIP-AND-FALL INJURIES Phone: 408-512-3600 Oceanside Truck Accident We help people and families after: Bicycle Injuries Law Offices of Richard R Roy, APC The staff was friendly and very helpful throughout my entire case. Sienna stood out with her great customer service and help. I would recommend The May Firm to anyone looking for a personal injury attorney. $500K We have recovered millions for San Diego County auto accident victims. Let us help you. Using my extensive study in law as well as pre-medicine, I have a unique understanding of personal injury and the physiological implications that an accident has on the human body and mind; this gives my clients a more comprehensive evaluation of their case. Oceanside Personal Injury Law | Oceanside Rear Ended Whiplash Oceanside Personal Injury Law | Oceanside Claim Whiplash After Accident Oceanside Personal Injury Law | Oceanside Whiplash Settlements Amounts
View Website 858-859-3375 View Profile Contact Us Company History Personal Injury claim in Oceanside, California? Call Gordon Levinson today and have your case resolved. - Margaret Brain Injuries Tripti Sharma Zev Rubinstein is a San Marcos personal injury attorney who has been fighting for the rights of accident victims in the San Diego, San Marcos, Oceanside, and Carlsbad areas for the past 25 years. He has witnessed the devastation and hardships these accidents cause for the victims and their families, and he will fight aggressively to hold the negligent parties accountable for your damages. Our injury lawyer in Oceanside will put all of his efforts into pursuing your compensation so you can focus your energy on what is most important — recovering from your injury. Need help dealing with the insurance company? Give us a call to get answers to all of your questions DOWNTOWN SAN DIEGO Bicycle Accident, Christopher Scott Medical Malpractice San Luis Obispo, California 93405 Brain Injury Lawyers Oceanside, CA View Website 858-859-3375 View Profile Contact Us What Are The Top 5 Things I Can Do To Maximize My Recovery After A Car Accident In California? Active in the legal profession since 1988. Practicing in California since 1999. Over 50 jury trials. Interpreting services available for most languages. Burn Injury Land use and zoning The Ledger Law Firm County and throughout the region, including those in the following cities: Nield Law Group, APC 3500 and much more	iAccidentLawyer.com® News Feed Top California Lawyers Phone: 805-544-0100 LIVE CHAT Alan L. Pitcaithley, Esq., Attorney At Law Oceanside Car accident Attorney California Personal Injury Attorney with 18 years experience Fill out the form below to receive a free and confidential consultation. DUI and DWI Comencemos con la 100 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 700 Testimonials 800-724-0807 Law Firm Profile Contact us OUR LEGAL PRACTICE Alan L. Pitcaithley, Esq., Attorney At Law Medical expenses are covered in a personal injury settlement or verdict. Recommendation Yelp Blog In this Section Workers Compensation The plaintiff possesses the burden of proof within personal injury cases. University of San Diego School of Law Get Connected With One of The Best Oceanside Car Accident Lawyer for Your Motorcycle, Bicycle, Pedestrian, Slip & Fall/Premises Liability, Truck/18 Wheeler/Big Rigs, Bus, ATV, Train, Dog Bites, Boat Cases etc “Mr. Duquette Handled My Case Promptly” Back Injury Claim Calculator Geography Sitemap Oceanside Personal injury Attorney Por favor describa su problema legal. Oceanside, CA 92054 Personal injury cases can be complex, especially if there is more than one individual or entity involved, so it is important for injured individuals to understand what they are facing. Injuries Sustained in a Vehicle Accident? Let Us Fight For You! Strong Community Presence About Super Lawyers $1 million to a truck driver who was injured when the hooks attached to the engine hood Debt settlement – Pat N. Legal Issues Thomas L. Our Location Personal Injury, Elder and Nursing Home Criminal defense Encinitas Auto Accident Attorney Firm Overview State Laws Solana Beach, Sorrento Valley, Valley Center, Vista, San Marcos Child Custody Attorney, San Marcos Child Support Attorney There are many variables that dictate how long it will take to resolve each individual case. In general a case that is settled will take much less time to be concluded than one that requires results in a lawsuit being filed. Some negotiations can reach a settlement in a few months while cases that cannot be settled may take a year or more. CAPTCHA Areas We Service 10.0 - 9.0 Superb Suite 107 Accident Law Firm in North County Chihak & Martel Amount Recovered Personal injury lawyers handle cases involving physical injuries -- like neck injuries, back injuries, and catastrophic injuries -- and nonphysical injuries -- like emotional distress. Criminal defense Image Copyright: Illia Uriadnikov Introduction Every week I receive calls from injured bicyclists looking for an experienced injury lawyer. My ... Discrimination We can address any repair or replacement needs for your vehicle. Boating Accidents Contact Us Now Resolved Cases University of San Diego School of LawCalifornia and U.S. District Court Southern District of California Motorcycle Accident Lawyers Oceanside, CA 2244 Faraday Ave. Suite 101 Saturday	12:00 AM - 12:00 PM LinkedIn To secure the expert legal representation, guidance, and support you know you are entitled to and deserve, At The Sexton Law Firm, we represent individuals and families in San Diego County and Southern California, with offices in Chula Vista and Oceanside. We focus our practice on helping people who have been hurt in serious auto accidents and workplace injuries, and we are also available to assist clients with planning an estate or filing for bankruptcy. “We're Pleased with the Results” Attorney Selik has been a litigation attorney for over 30 Years, Trials, Settlements, Arbitrations and Mediation. Experienced Malpractice Attorney (Lawyer, Medical, CPA, Real Estate), Debt & Judgment Collection. Personal Injury and other civil litigation experienced. No Frivolous Cases, Ever. Carlsbad Serious Personal Injury Attorney, Tim Riley serves all cities in San Diego County including Carlsbad, Encinitas, Del Mar, La Jolla, San Diego, Leucadia, La Costa, Cardiff, Oceanside, Fallbrook, San Marcos, Camp Pendleton, and Vista; and serves all cities in Los Angeles County including Beverly Hills, Brentwood, Bellaire, Westwood, Hollywood, West Hollywood, Los Angeles, Santa Monica, Sherman Oaks, Encino, Van Nuys, Studio City, Woodland Hills, Calabasas, Pasadena, Glendale and Culver City.
Coronado ITL Home / Oceanside Researching Attorney Discipline Personal Injury and Elder (760) 721-8182 Attorney Joseph B. Carnohan represents individuals who live and work in Oceanside and throughout North San Diego Auto Accident, Amanda Allen What About Motorcycle Accidents? Stephen B. Morris Motorcycle accidents Injured in a car crash? Give yourself the edge - put a former insurance lawyer on your side. Injury Scholarship Don’t get screwed by big insurance. Call our Oceanside car accident attorneys at (888) 233-5020 for a free case evaluation. Avvo Rating: 9.0 (858) 775-7515 Rob and Cameron are genuine people who helped me feel genuinely cared for. I appreciate their work and recommend them to others. Our Reviews Clients Testimonials Our Team Fax: (760) 721-2533 Privacy-Policy Bender & Gritz APLC Over $45 Million recovered for car accident victims. Free consultation - no recovery/no fee! Learn more about the Levinson Foundation by calling our office at (760) 642-5475 Auto accidents, truck accidents, motorcycle accidents and bicycle accidents The Rubinstein Law Group Home Wrongful Deaths REQUEST A FREE CONSULTATION → Thom loved pursuing his legal education and is thrilled to put his knowledge to use in the personal injury world. He most looks forward to protecting the financial interests of children who’ve been injured.
Free ConsultationPersonal Injury and Products Liability Call Us, We Can Come to You! Legal Library Living, Working In, and Visiting Oceanside, California We represent injured victims throughout California. Contact our office at (760) 642-5475 or use our convenient online contact form to ask a question or to schedule a free consultation. Remember, you will not pay us anything until we win your case. It does not cost you anything to come into our office to discuss your case with a compassionate and experienced Oceanside personal injury attorney. Back Injury Claim Calculator We're happy to meet in the comfort of your home, or the hospital. Please let us know how we can accommodate you. Green card A rental car Google Plus The team at Harris Personal Injury Lawyers understand that financial compensation cannot take back your suffering, and might not even relieve your pain, but we can help get you maximum compensation with the goal to help get your life back on track. It is extremely common to find an attorney who practices multiple areas of law in Oceanside and or the surrounding areas. However, most personal injury law firms don’t have the success record that Harris Personal Injury Lawyers. Our team of attorneys have successfully resolved over 5,000 cases and recovered over $250,000,000 for accident victims. 01 20 Client Reviews View Profile 949-287-8705 Contact Us Marital Agreements – Reviewing and drafting prenuptial agreements and postnuptial agreements to determine property division in case of divorce or death. Negligence: Failure to use care which a reasonable and prudent person would use under similar circumstances. » Anaheim, CA – One Person Dies on 91 Freeway After Rollover Crash What is the difference between PC 243(A) and PC 243(E) in the state of California Alan L. Pitcaithley, Esq., Attorney At Law Thomas Jefferson School of Law Melville Office: DOWNTOWN SAN DIEGO Rochester Office: Skip to main content Law Offices of Robert Wallenstein *The result for each was dependent on the facts of that case and the results will differ if based on different facts, this does not Licensed Lawyers Ross Jurewitz is a nationally recognized personal injury attorney. He dedicates his work to representing clients who have been injured due to the negligence of others. DUI advice Traumatic Brain Injury Oceanside, California - Personal Injury Lawyer | San Diego County Accident Attorneys Personal Injury Law Video by Goldrock Creative Use FindLaw to hire a local motor vehicle accidents lawyer who can help you determine what to do immediately after an accident, who's at fault, how to handle potential medical issues, and recover for injuries and damages. Slip-and-Fall San Marcos © 1995-2018 LawInfo, part of Thomson Reuters. Subscribe to Richard Duquette’s Podcast Juvenile For Lawyers Imperial Beach Personal Injury Lawyers Serving Oceanside, CA (California Personal Injury Firm) Pedestrian Accidents: Speed is usually the critical factor in these incidents, because the serious injury rate jumps from 25 percent at 20mph to 90 percent at 40mph. Distracted drivers hit lots of pedestrians as well, because these people are barely watching the road, let alone the sidewalks. Slip-and-fall / Premises Liability Claims Fax: 310-494-7503 www.loanmodificationlawyersandiego.com View Website 213-381-9988 The physical, financial, and emotional hardships that occur after a serious injury can be overwhelming for you and your family. You need a personal injury lawyer in Oceanside who truly cares about helping you through this difficult time. Zev Rubinstein is this lawyer. California Personal Injury Lawyer Like all civil actions, a car accident lawsuit is the process by which a victim who is injured after a motor vehicle accident seeks to recover for the losses they sustained. Talking with an attorney after one of these accidents does not automatically mean that a lawsuit will be filed. Instead, an attorney provides guidance so that the actual value of your case can be assessed and you have a zealous advocate working with the insurance company on your behalf. If an insurance company may be reaching out to you in an attempt to settle things outside of court. Often times they will encourage you to accept a settlement amount that is far lower than what your injuries will cost you. Remember, full value is fair value. Making a decision to end your claim early on could lead you to regret this choice down the road. Make sure that you consult with an experienced personal injury attorney if you have been involved in an accident caused by another. Construction and development Palmer Rodak & Associates has been serving the legal needs of Oceanside, Del Mar, Solana Beach, Encinitas, Rancho Santa Fe and surrounding communities since 1998. Pedestrian Accident Attorney Oceanside Carlsbad, CA Personal Injury Attorney with 17 years experience For A Free Consultation Phone: 951-200-4223 Oceanside Wrongful Death Lawyer It is a devastating experience t... The information on this website is for general information purposes only. Nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. This information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship. Who We Are Truck Driver hit by a car suffering from a burn.* Need help with a Personal Injury matter? 760-659-2137 Law Firm Profile Contact us Fax: 760-585-4676 Pedestrian and Bicycle Accident A serious personal injury can be financially, physically, and emotionally devastating. If someone has injured you or a family member through careless or reckless behavior, you can hold him or her accountable. Attorney Suzanne Skolnick is a seasoned personal injury attorney who has been an advocate for personal injury clients in California for almost two decades. She obtained her Juris Doctorate degree from the University Of San Diego School Of Law after completing her B.A. in Legal Studies at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. Our Oceanside car accident attorneys at the Walton Law Firm have worked with many clients who have been injured in Oceanside accidents. We are experienced with all ranges of cases from those involving minor injuries to fatalities. Our lawyer is well aware of the often dramatic effect that these injuries can have of the lives of entire families. That is why we take a personal interest in every case on which we work, never forgetting that all clients deserve close attention and timely information about their case. Did you find individuals who interest you? Learn more by exploring their profiles. There you will find a personal injury attorney’s contact, education, and biographical information to supplement your research. Where possible, our profiles will also include links to a personal injury lawyer’s personal biography, firm website, and other relevant information to consider. Submit Employment & Labor Education Browse by Legal Issue Phone: (619) 233-5020 Toll Free: (888) 233-5020 Immigration 12520 High Bluff Drive,Suite 110 San Diego CA 92130 32.946266 -117.2407 Manhattan Office: National City Auto Accident & Injury Claim Lawyer We’re offering a bi-annual scholarship in the amount of $1,000, which will be provided to a student enrolled at either a community college or University. The scholarship will be offered and announced bi-annually on (September 30th and January 31st.) The scholarships deadline for each applicant to apply will be September 15th and January 15th of each year. Get Directions Oceanside Fire Department (760) 435-4100 *The result for each was dependent on the facts of that case and the results will differ if based on different facts, this does not Daniel Jones earned his Juris Doctor from the University of San Diego School of Law. While attending law school, he served as the Chair of Pro Bono Legal Advocates and was awarded the State Bar of California’s Wiley W. Manual Award for Pro Bono Legal Services, one of the most prestigious pro bono awards given in the state. He was also recognized for his outstanding oral advocacy and legal writing. Daniel earned his undergraduate degree in Accounting from Westminster College. Prior to joining the firm, Daniel worked as a law clerk for the Primary Public Defender in San Diego where... Experience Nearby Cities: Call now, we offer free consultations directly with the attorney for all injury and accident matters. Learn More Pedestrian Accident Attorney Oceanside Russell Kohn (Of Counsel) Many personal injury attorneys offer a free consultation to evaluate your claim. Oceanside Lawyer For Injury | Oceanside Car Injury Lawyer Oceanside Lawyer For Injury | Oceanside Automobile Accident Oceanside Lawyer For Injury | Oceanside Car Lawyer
Well, it's that time of year again...football season! I never used to be a football fan until I moved from Missouri to Tennessee. Something just came over me when I started watching the Titans play. I thought Jeff Fisher (who ironically is now coaching the St. Louis Rams now) was the coolest thing since watermelon and even though we weren't the "winningest" team out there, we were definitely scrappy. It didn't hurt either that, due to my position with FOX17, I was privileged to watch several games either in great club seats or in the FOX17 Suite, giving me that wonderful feeling of excitement of "being there". I was able to enjoy not only the game but all the sights and sounds that go with it.
One thing for sure in becoming a "fan" of football is learning how important the word "fair" becomes. You never want to come to the end of that final few minutes of the game and feel as though you could have won if the other team hadn't had an unfair advantage (whatever that may be). I'm not naive enough to believe that all is fair in the very physical game of football, but I like to believe that my team always has a "fair" shot at winning.
Now lets' take the focus away from football and look at how fairness plays out in families. Do you remember when you were a child and things didn't go the way you wanted - these words came out of your mouth, "That's not fair!" In your little world at that very moment, you thought everyone was against you and partiality was being shown to the person on the opposite side. Of course, most of this was in your mind because your feelings were hurt, but nonetheless very real at the moment.
I dare say now that you are a parent yourself, you've heard your own children say that phrase and think you like their sibling more than them. Go back to that moment in time and remember how you felt when you thought you were being treated unfairly. How you react to your little one will be remembered. Depending on your child's age...this could be a great time for a lesson on how there are times when it seems life isn't fair, but they are responsible in how they react in these situations. Let them know that you understand how they feel, because as a child you felt that way at times too. Just keep in mind as you teach this, they know you love them and you are always "on their side" as your child...but not always in agreement with what they do. Help them to see how important it is to treat others fairly, because that is what they want for themselves.
The scripture in Matthew 7:12 sums it up. " So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you, for this sums up the Law and the Prophets." Treat others with fairness because it is the right thing to do and because that is the way you would want to be treated.
Please set this webpage as the home/startpage for your browser or save it as a bookmark/favorite. This will make it easy to save time by using our fast links whenever you need them. These links come in handy if you use dial-up, DSL Lite, ISDN, heavily shared connections, an older computer, a pocket PC, a mobile device or a basic web browser. To donate via PayPal, please click here (sorry, not tax deductible). To contact us, send a message to admin @ bestlinks.win (remove the spaces). Updated 10/31/2018 - (C) 2017-18
chlorine filter shower head shower head shower heads hand held shower heads peerless handheld shower head chlorine filter shower chlorine filter shower head amazon chlorine filter shower head reviews.
chlorine filter shower head reviews hard water softener high pressure walmart ireland,chlorine filter shower head bunnings nz average home depot walmart,chlorine filter shower head nz filtered 3 settings that removes amazon singapore,chlorine filter shower head nz sh 3 high pressure filtered w bunnings amazon,vitamin c shower head water filter softens and purifies your chlorine home depot canadian tire nz,shower head at home depot chlorine filter reviews ireland bunnings,chlorine filter shower head reviews hand held aqua 4 body spray settings ireland amazon,3 inch filtered shower head handheld chlorine filter water amazon singapore home depot,chlorine filter shower head nz walmart reviews filters amazon,chlorine filter shower head walmart home depot filtering with best images on singapore.
modern small bathroom vanities home decor, bathroom vanity mirrors sofa engaging side lights, modern bathroom vanities for your contemporary home,small bathroom vanity contemporary ideas vanities modern sink , awesome vanity ideas for small bathrooms decor home, modern bathroom vanity single variety with, brilliant bathroom vanity ideas for small bathrooms,modern small bathroom vanities , modern bathroom renovations renovation small,lovable modern bathroom vanities for small bathrooms nice looking .
Tried-and-true and tried-and-new recipes and information about my favorite subjects.....cooking (mostly cooking), entertaining, knitting, photography, sewing and other crafts, restaurants, travel and life in general. My goal is to make life easier for my friends and family by finding and testing great recipes and sharing new food and ingredient finds and their sources.
Tried-and-true and tried-and-new recipes and information about my favorite subjects – cooking, knitting, photography, sewing, miscellaneous crafts, restaurants, travel and life in general.
This unusual recipe for black beans has it all...they are rich, spicy and full of flavor! They'll make your taste buds crazy! As usual, I couldn't resist the newest cookbook I spied at Costco a few weeks ago! Cookbooks are to me like chocolate is to a chocoholic or shoes to a "shoeaholic"! I … [Read more...]
Welcome to the Best of BS...that's me...Brenda Small. To my husband I'm Brenda, to my kids I'm Mom..or MOTHER!!! (If I've said something that's over-the-top), to my grand kids I'm Mimi, to my sister I'm BK, to my friends I'm Brenda or Brenda K...to me...I'm just loving life!
The purpose of my blog is to make life easier for my followers by finding great recipes and sharing new food and ingredient finds and their sources.
"You Can Save Up to 50%, But You're Still a Long Ways from Home" - A message from Dan Wenninger (he is a wild man, so bug off!): 1Way returns this Tuesday (2/24) with Oblique Orchestra at 9pm. After our set there will be a...
I May Have Forgotten How to Do This... - But here is a message from Dan Wenninger: 1Way returns this Tuesday (2/24) with Oblique Orchestra at 9pm. After our set there will be an open, large group ...
Tangerine Dream: SingAlongaTangs - First published in *Sounds*, 6 November 1976 Tangerine Dream were a great band to spend time with; almost the polar opposite of how you imagined Kraftwerk ...
Eighty-two'ed - [This is merely an update to a previous post. Normally I just tack this kind of info to the end of my original post on the topic, but since this piece is s...
NOBODY'S BABY - NOBODY’S BABY (Miriam) Norton 397 So here we are in this new fangled world, but still, the beat goes on, as it has since boy first met girl and hearts ran ...
AW Talk is the official development team blog for AribaWeb, the Open Source component-based web application development framework for creating rich, AJAX-enabled applications with the absolute minimum of code (and no hand-coded Javascript).
When you start with some new framework like this you need to spend some time trying to really understand it. First you try to rely on high level tools which makes the development little bit easier but at the end you need to make sure you control the application and not other way around. And in this article and the next one I will try to show you two ways how you can setup your application in order to get maximum out of it.
When you look into the AribaWeb distribution or one of the first screencast you can see how easily you create new project where everything will be created for you, even the IntelliJ IDEA or Eclipse project.
As you know already there is a command called aw under the $AW_HOME/bin folder that let’s you create different types of application:
This is a helper tool based on the ant, which simplifies the creation of the project. It can be really useful if you do some initial setup or prototyping where you need to create quickly several projects. Since it’s only the ant script you can modify the type of the project anytime during your development process.
When you check out the $AW_HOME/tools/ directory for the ant file the first thing you notice there is not a one ant script which you can use but there are five. Yes five ant build scripts and each used for different type of the application (there is a common but it counts too ;-) ).
This ant script is the main one because it contains all necessary properties and targets used by other scripts in order to build, deploy and even run your AribaWeb application.
You can override existing ant properties using well known .properties files which should be located in one of the following locations or directly inside your project’s build.xml script:
If you try to run your AribaWeb application in debug mode and you want to have Rapid Turnaround enabled this property must be set and point to your src directory.
This ant script is usually included inside your generated AW Widget application. This script imports the common one from above. As you can see on the picture each generated ant script, which is part of your application, contains only import tag which points to this ant script.
Let’s pretend that we have created our first widgets application and inside of this build.xml you will only see these 4 tags.
What you probably might want to do is to change your debugging port on which your Tomcat is listening. In my case some other process occupied this port so I had to changed it (I think it was Skype)
In this stage you can also override some ant properties because by default this ant will generate a file called aribaweb.properties that is used by AribaWeb to correctly load and initialize your application.
Since this is widget app you can also define your own widgets and if you are going to use them you will need to prefix them with some namespace. This is defined by this property. By default AW put "x"
Each application has many files that needs to be included for the deployment and in this property you specify what all file extensions to select.
The same what we said earlier applies also for this type of application. The only difference you will find is this type of application includes some extra jar files related to meta-ui.
Name of the of the class file along with the method name you want to call during initialization process
This type of build file you usually include in database-like applications or it is already included if you use the aw command and metaui-jpa.
Besides common tasks to build, package or deploy your application this one also contains necessary targets to initialize the configuration for your DB or O/R Mapping tool as well as starting build-in InMemory database.
The most important properties in this type of application you care about are the ones that let you connect to the underling database through your O/R Mapping tool.
In real world you usually need to have everything under the control. So what else is there you need to be aware of in order to include other files into the project?
By default AW expects certain directory structure so it can properly register all the resources. This structure is important for the initialization process as well as for the build scripts, which expect names and specific folder layout.
The first thing you want to do is to include aribaweb.properties file and not let the ant task to generate it for you. Because when you are building real application these properties does not change much and became more or less static. Of course you might prefer to declare all this properties in your ant script.
As already mentioned for your development you need to layout your resources into structure that AW understands specifically the AWConcreteServerApplication.
When AW is registering your resources directories the first thing it tries to lookup if you are in debugging mode and you want to utilize all the RapidTurnaround features:
In this branding folder (resource/webserver/branding) you store your own look and feel. Meaning that you can change each component’s style as well as images. Everything is brandable.
As you can see I put it in the source directory also aribaweb.properties, which will be taken by ant task.
There is something else you can see and it is your resource bundle files. The (resource/<locale>/strings) directory let you store your string translations. You might ask why there is another directory level or why the resource csv files are not directly under the locale?
Well the answer is simple. Not only resource files (the actually text) you want to have locale specific. There are other things like:
Maybe some other files used for templating that needs to be layout per locale. For example image that you have your Signup page and you need to send out confirmation email. Of course you do not want to use one template you want to use as many templates as many locales you will support in your application.
In this case your application can ask give me localized template so I can include it in my multipart email message, which I want to send out to user. And the only thing you do in your application is to ask for this localized file:
This is your directory where you have your web server static resource. You can see that what we had under resource/webserver is now under docroot/config/.
You can also configure AW in the way so these web resources are on different server and mapped for example by your apache server.
To finish this part for you it is also worth to check how AW application is initialized. Therefore I recommend check out following:
Here everything starts. Once your application is created this method is called in order setup everything.
This one is responsible for scanning and all your directories and jar files and registering all your resources.
I think you can already guess from its name. This method that is executed inside registerResourceDirectories() will scan all your jar files and register all your images, oss and everything what is in its way.
You want to call this method and set your own session validator if you want to have your custom authentization and authorization logic.
This is pretty much it and the next time in the part 2 I will show you different way how you can manage your build and application. If you are intellij Idea user you might be interested in this one. .
Are you searching for an efficient and experienced contractor who gives services in gutter cleaning? GREENTREE TREE SERVICE. Tree trimming, fence row clearing, gutter cleaning - specializing in the take-down and removing of useless and dangerous trees. We promise you with high quality service and ensure you with a neat and clean house. The perfect part is that the company makes use of solely truck-mounted vacuum programs to clean and extract the garbage from the gutters. Publisher: Fred Smith In this article we look at both cast iron and forged iron effect guttering, the differences between the two, and the advantages and disadvantages to both guttering programs Radiators - Why Cast Iron? Among the finest guttering supplies that can keep your own home safe for an extended time period is the solid iron gutters. click resources The supplies keep their costs down while offering all of the insulation, safety and attractiveness you may ask for. As an alternative of slowly whittling down your asking worth you would attempt making some additions, possibly an improvement or two, which is able to increase your competitiveness out there.
If your home is in need of repairs otherwise you simply need to make some enhancements to make it more suitable to your residing needs or to extend its market worth, there are several kinds of home improvement loans accessible. An amazing example of this are Pennsylvania home improvement grant sources. Seek references. Ask to talk to glad clients, and ask them if you'll be able to visit their houses to examine the work executed by a contractor you're significantly considering. The final proof will probably be when the first big rain comes, and I'm confident that every one will work correctly. Writer: Article Manager A drill press is useful machine used to drill holes in all sorts of surfaces like wood, aluminum, steel, etc. You can buy drill machines of varied varieties depending on the character of your work. Additionally you'll be able to see if there grants are accessible inside your locality by visiting the governmental businesses in your city. Good hub. You can definitely see the house's soul breathe within the pics you used.
You possibly can by no means receive an excessive amount of protection. Fortunately, the grime and stains could be wiped off the gutter surface using specialised merchandise corresponding to paint thinner or a general purpose solvent. Small leaks may be repairable with gutter sealant. Unpredicted drainage system replacement might trigger tons of hassles for the household. Online HVAC guides could even be useful to a shopper who needs to turn into extra conversant in how an HVAC system works and potential signs of disrepair. This might not be the case, however the phrase free seems to get extra people's attention than the phrase buy. The very first necessity is that you just may be who owns the residence or property that requires the fixing. Funds is definitely the very first thing to contemplate. You may additionally need connectors, corners, end caps, and a gutter hanger for each 2 ft (0.6 m) of gutter. In case your corners haven't got a downspout and are not positioned at the tip of the run, cowl these joints with gutter covers.
Additionally, when you stop paying that person, you’ll have gutter problems once more. The result's that the movement of water particularly throughout heavy, rain storms is restricted from coming into the gutter and flows out over the obstructing debris onto the ground below. The extent to which your kitchen appears to be like good relies upon largely on the cabinets. The joy of cooking makes kitchen a significant place so it ought to always be upgraded to facilitate the sharing and preparation of house cooked meals. Every now and then; after few months or probably the most two years, your property is in need of some changes. Partitions need paint: It is a should do! Want further residing house however haven’t had the time to finish the basement? First, you should know if you've got considered. For many folks, nevertheless, these issues are only discovered when selling the property. There are times when it wouldn't match. New tanks are fabricated from corrosion resistant supplies and often have an expected lifespan of about 30 years.
As a rule, the particular person shopping for a carport will get to pick amongst three different heights; a typical carport has posts which can be 20 ft, 24 feet or 30 ft excessive. Note: Though Lonnie Scruggs offered houses in “as-is” condition indicated in his e-book, Offers on Wheels, his clientele and strategy differ from mine. Finally the neighbour was able to talk to a social worker who, although he was far too busy to stop and discuss, was very useful: he gave the neighbour a list of nursing properties. Making use of for and acquiring a grant for home repair doesn't require a credit examine, revenue verification or collateral. Tony emphasizes that communication is vital when hiring a Home Remodeling Company or Contractor. If they can't provide these 5 things, move on to the following company. That's what this one lawn care business owner determined to offer. Without such analysis, the management of the enterprise might prove to be ineffective leading to mediocre return of funding. Writer: normanabdiel If proudly owning a home is an funding, it needs common upkeep to take pleasure in the full advantages of it.
We re-post publicly available photos. As a practice we rehost images on our servers to preserve the picture for future reference. If you would like additional attribution for your work, or wish to remove your photos from our site, we are happy to accommodate. Please use the "Contact Us" link in the top menu.
The photo 1996-Honda-BigRed-4081.jpg (1996 Honda BigRed - Uploaded for: gal bider) was uploaded by: webmaster@sportbikerider.us.
- Marine Electronics - Find the Best Deals, Shop for Low Prices, and Buy Online at Shopping.com Australia
- Projection Screens - Find the Best Deals, Shop for Low Prices, and Buy Online at Shopping.com Australia
Argostar specializes in dog and horse logos, clip art, educational illustrations, and designs for wearable art. Doing business with integrity and originality since 1990.
Jeanne Williamson (formerly Flora) is an established artist specializing in multiple aspects of canine and equine artwork, but has the versatility to complete work in any field.
Use of this site acknowledges binding copyright agreement under the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works
Your parcel will be held at by CollectPlus at their collection issue for 10 times just before remaining returned to us. You might get reminders from CollectPlus right after 3 days and seven days with the parcel arriving at the gathering stage when you haven’t already collected your parcel.
This magnificent bodystocking provides a seem of sheer magnificence, with a stunning butterfly style and design contrasting with hot black straps. A reasonably sample addresses the cup spots, which can be highlighted with the slender straps that attach to The underside half in the outfit.
Effectively - almost all about. The crotchless mystery is a person so that you can reveal at the proper time. Will you preserve this for that Bed room, or dress in under a celebration costume to savour the seductive mystery concealed beneath?
Pair having a scorching, harnessed bra and superior waisted knickers or produce a make a statement with Rue and just a pair or nipple handles.
This smocked gown is a gorgeous reminder which the every day moments of existence become sublime when we surround ourselves with beauty and luxury. Elevate your very simple times when you Enable this gown embrace you While using the silken experience of a hundred% Pima Cotton and delight you with attractive hand-embroidered roses together the placket and cuff. Introduced for you from Peru, in pure White with Pink roses.
In the not likely occasion that the product or service is defective, We'll happily refund your money given that we obtain the defective product in addition to its packaging in the identical Actual physical condition as when delivered in 30 times of original dispatch.
No account? No Worries... Curate an edit of goods for reference and comparison; they will be saved to the product to the length of the session.
Extremely attractive, full of allure and class nighty for Specific occasions. Intricate, viscose foundation shirt completes the tasteful lacy bra within a vertical sewing. Versatile lace straps a bit healthy to... Watch complete product or service information → S / Red
ASOS uses cookies to ensure that we provde the finest knowledge on our Web site. For those who continue on we suppose that you simply consent to acquire all cookies on all ASOS Internet sites.
From socks and tights to go with a whole new ensemble to some new bag for college, obtain the best item inside their favourite colors in no time. With sleepwear from age three months in these collections, You may also look at patterns for lesser dimensions through the range of newborn girls' sleepsuits.
Store pretty basques for the waist synching lingerie look, sure to blow minds. Incorporate an attractive waspie to finish your favourite lingerie assortment and severely up the ante.
Following Our luxury silk nightwear is created from the gorgeously best seamless mulberry charmeuse silk. It's a significant pounds of 19 momme that has a 400 thread depend - Astonishingly awesome silk, you are able to truly feel the standard the moment you have on it. Our silk sleepwear is gentle into the touch, Wonderful to don and very cozy to snooze in.
Is there a little something you prefer or don't love about Schweitzer Linen? Do you might have any certain want that the web site does't deal with nevertheless? Is there a element lacking you'd uncover practical? Regardless of how major or small it's, let us understand about it.
The place hygiene addresses are Employed in briefs and swimwear, these must be in place inside the garment. Return postage is free of charge within the British isles, 0r £four.49 if you wish to return using CollectPlus.
Whether we actually state it aloud or not most of us make resolutions or goals for the brand-new year. These could be something as typical as surrendering drinking for a month or something a lot more personal like making certain you invest more time dealing with your family. One point we constantly think about when making ours at Fox as well as Rose, of program, is underwear! Right here are my 8 New Year's lingerie resolutions that I am absolutely going to stick to.
I'm a terrible hoarder, particularly when it concerns clothing. I'm always truly afraid of tossing something out simply in instance I could need it in the future! I coincide with lingerie, keeping a pair of knickers that have a hole in them, as well as do not match any one of my bras, even if they're comfy to put on with a particular pair of jeans.
Having a clear out and ensuring I do away with anything that doesn't fit, is dropping apart or simply do not opt for anything else is mosting likely to be my initial task of the year and also, as hard as it will be, I know it'll be very satisfying to do. I won't just throw it in the bin as well as leave it to go right into garbage dump, however, as there are many means you could reuse undesirable underwear nowadays.
I'm awful for taking a look at a label, seeing it states 'Hand laundry with care' as well as believing 'oh, I'll simply stick it the maker this time'. Of training course, the following time I assume it's all right to place it via the equipment once more due to the fact that it 'endured' the last time. I have a couple of sets of knickers I do this with and also, it's real, they have not broken down yet the warmth has actually discoloured them a lot that they do not match the bra and also supporter belt any longer which actually aggravates me.
I recognize I will certainly still maker laundry those items that state they could be dealt with in this way, also though I understand they'll last longer if I wash them by hand, however I just don't have the time and that's okay.
I despise sizing tags. I know they're needed yet you could go into one clothing shop try on a dimension 12 set of denims as well as they're also limited. You can then walk right into another store, try out a set of dimension 10 jeans and they are as well large. This could be the same with lingerie brand names and also, although, I will certainly always opt for 'my size' to begin with, from currently on I am going to make sure I take no notice of exactly what dimension the tag is telling me.
If a pair of size 14 knickers fit me, feel comfortable as well as make me look excellent I'm not mosting likely to suddenly think I've put on a massive quantity of weight and purchase the size 12 just to earn myself really feel better.
I'm a substantial culprit of doing this. I purchased myself a stunning navy blue Leaver's shoelace embeded in the January sales in 2015 (it was decreased from ₤ 300 down to ₤ 95, exactly what a bargain!) as well as I still haven't worn it because I've been waiting for that 'perfect' outing.
The problem is that whenever I do go out on a special occasion I wind up putting on something that I really feel comfy in, stressed that my 'unique' underwear could allow me down in some method. Exactly how will I ever before understand if I never wear it? For that reason, in my eyes, from now on the idea of special occasion lingerie does not exist!
Numerous times in the past I have purchased the bra and knickers as part of a collection yet have not gotten the matching supporter belt at the exact same time. I regret it later on when I go back at a later day to purchase it as well as it's no longer in stock!
Towards completion of in 2014 I began to ensure I always purchased the entire collection at the exact same time and I am going to see to it I stay with it this year. It might cost a little bit extra simultaneously, but at least I will not be weeping into my cereal in the early morning when I wish to wear stockings with my new favorite collection.
Most of us have our much-loved brands and designs that we have the tendency to stick to but occasionally it great to try something various due to the fact that, you never know, you could simply be losing out on that excellent piece of lingerie.
I am most definitely guilty of this yet having worked with the Fox and also Rose blog site for nearly a year currently I have actually been introduced a whole globe of different brands I have actually never ever tried, so it's time to do some experimenting. One design I certainly wish to attempt is the Mimi Holliday shoulder bra. Being a bigger bust sized lady I've constantly shied away from this style, assuming it won't support me, yet knowing the method they make their bras, I make sure I'll be shown wrong.
I like black as well as peach or pink as a more nude colour yet hardly ever go for complete on, brilliantly coloured lingerie and I honestly have no suggestion just what's holding me back. With so lots of brand names bringing out such stunning pieces in incredible colours, like the Stella McCartney Clara Whispering collection and also Rosy's Red L'Honorable collection I actually have no Gowns and Negligee reason.
It's so very easy to get hold of those flannel pyjamas or t-shirt as well as leggings and slob around on the couch at night, especially in this winter, yet it does not precisely increase the confidence, now does it? Also if you're a solitary gal like me, sliding on a beautiful silk nightgown or satin camisole and also shorts has reached do even more for the self-love than that anime print onesie with the holes in it, hasn't already it?
I'm going to treat myself to some grown up, completely elegant and also breathtakingly attractive nightwear that I can swish concerning the home in every evening, acting that I'm some kind of stunning goddess and also I'm sure my January blues will certainly be out the door in a 2nd.
The Fox & Rose clearance classification is an all-year-round selection of things that are provided with charitable discount rates to clear our supplies (so we can bring you great deals of charming new items!) When a thing is on clearance it will certainly stay on clearance up until the stock runs out, and also.
To start 2015 with a bang we have actually been adding whole lots sensational lingerie to our Clearance groups so you can order yourself a superb bargain (or even 2!) to kick off your underwear year. And we'll be including more impressive cost savings over the coming days also, so remember to maintain checking back or you may just miss out on out!
If you're a follower of Rosy's silhouette stressing luxury underwear, then you'll be really pleased to recognize that there is rather an abundance of their items within our Clearance. Make certain you do not lose out since when it's gone, it's gone.
The highly desired Stella McCartney lingerie has actually been incredibly prominent over the last few months however we still have a great choice to offer you with our Red Spot Clearance. Currently is the time to get genuinely stunning intimates at a bargain cost.
The Workshop La Perla's classic contemporary layouts are the embodiment of Italian high-end style. We're featuring both their underwear and swimsuit in our Clearance sale so we're certain you'll discover something to indulge in.
Whilst you're assuming regarding booking that desire summer vacation, why not take a look at the lovely Mouille swimwear we need to provide in our New Year Clearance? Nevertheless you don't wish to be stressing at the last minute regarding not looking super elegant on the beach!
The retro prestige of Kiss Me Deadly has well as well as absolutely taken hold of our latest venture Fox and also Rose Vintage. Why not take a look at our Clearance location on here also and treat your internal Hollywood goddess to something unique?
I'm the exact same with underwear, keeping a set of knickers that have a hole in them, and also don't match any of my bras, simply because they're comfy to wear with a specific set of jeans.
The issue is that whenever I do go out on an unique occasion I end up putting on something that I feel comfortable in, stressed that my 'special' lingerie may allow me down in some way. In my eyes, from currently on the suggestion of special event underwear doesn't exist!
I like black as well as peach or pink as an extra nude colour however hardly ever go for full on, brilliantly coloured underwear and I honestly have no concept just what's holding me back.
Choose from over 5,000 5-STAR RATED sex toys, sexy lingerie, adult gifts, anal sex toys, sex lubes, fetish clothing today. New products are added daily so that you will never run out of ideas or new things to try!...
by alexcerballon October 28, 2017 December 26, 2017 Leave a Comment on 5 Things To Do At Crater Lake National Park
If you’re looking for a place to find inspiration or clear your head, you need to put Crater Lake National Park in Oregon on your must-visit list. Not only is this the deepest lake in the U.S., it’s surrounded by 2,000 feet cliffs and fed entirely by rain and snow. The water is so pristine and it’s the deepest shade of blue you can imagine. The lake was formed over 7,700 years ago after a volcano erupted creating this beautiful blue amusement for our eyes.
* Check the weather conditions before you go because many of the park’s roads, trails and facilities are closed when it snows.
Mind blown during the Crater Lake boat ride. 💙 Here we are approaching Phantom Ship, (on the left) the oldest rock in the lake after Mount Mazama erupted and collapsed hundreds of thousands of years ago. @nationalparkservice #craterlake #nps #findyourpark #gopro #lovegoparks @goparks @columbia1938
A friend of mine was shooting a video for the National Park, so we got to ride with the research team and explore the lake. We got a close up look of Phantom Ship, the oldest rock in the lake. Some boat tours will make a stop at Wizard Island so you can enjoy hiking, swimming and stay on the island for three hours.
To get to the lake, you’ll have to hike the Cleetwood Cove Trail. It’s a 1.1-mile hike down to the water.
There are more than 30 lookouts on Rim Drive, the 33-mile road that will take you around the lake. If you don’t want to drive, you can hop on a guided trolley tour that stops at 5 scenic overlooks including Phantom Ship overlook and Vidae Falls, a waterfall.
It takes about 2 hours and your ranger tour guide will share some history about the park, photos and answer any questions you have about the lake.
This is one of my favorite things to do, but it will require you to set that alarm clock early so you don’t sleep through sunrise. Bring a jacket and don’t forget your camera because the colors are brilliant. If you’re up for it, you can go on a hike or just bring a folding chair if you prefer to sit back, relax and watch the magic.
There is so much more to see beyond the lake. When you are on Rim Drive, take a detour and visit The Pinnacles. The 100 feet spires are called fossil fumaroles and were formed under layers of volcanic ash.
There is a short trail that will take you there and it’s worth a stop. Your phone service won’t work, and in my opinion, you’ll be grateful for the chance to truly disconnect while you’re here.
Crater Lake Lodge is a beautiful historic hotel that overlooks the lake. The fireplace in the hall is so inviting, and the rocking chairs outside are a great place to hang out during the day or at night underneath the stars. The lodge is open from late-May to mid-October and the staff is super friendly.
I only ate at the Lodge during my stay and truly enjoyed every meal I had. Ask for a table by the window when making your reservation so you can enjoy the view of the lake with your meal.
What’s your favorite National Park? Have you been to Crater Lake? What did you do during your visit?
I think I must be the most disorganised Christmas shopping person in the world!Don't get me wrong, I have all the good intentions every year to be super organised and get the best gifts for everyone, but without fail I will be running around on Christmas eve trying to get it together !And this year will be no exception..oh well , maybe next year!
Anyway, all that aside , I am already thinking about the 2017 and the items that I need to become a more stylish me. Luckily many retailers are also in the same mind frame. Sales are great , although I am not much of a fan myself unless it is for something specific that I have wanted forever and happens to be left in my size in the sales...but this never happens. Instead I turned to one of my favourites Choies for some affordable fashion inspiration so I can bypass the sales altogether.
They have some great stuff , and I am especially fond of the lighter colours to transition into the coming season. Here are some of my picks, I have I can give you some New Year inspiration!
You probably have a black version of this in your wardrobe, but this one is a must have and will also look great in Spring and it's uner $20!
The new you is waiting...!And if unlike me you have bought everyone else's gifts, it's time to teat yourself surely!!
Unless you have been living on another planet , you know that off the shoulder tops are one of the biggest trends at the moment. I like this season take on the more boho version with pretty embroidery and ruffles and the great news is that they are pretty much universally flattering and they are also very feminine in a suggestive but girly way. For those of you , who like me thought that they are only suited to more petite on the top girls let me share my trick. I am a 30D so I have a very small back but my bust is quite full so instead of a strapless bra under the off the shoulder top , which makes the top stick out rather unflatteringly in my opinion , I wear a bandeaux or a bandeaux bikini top that keeps everything in place but makes the overall effect a bit flatter, after all the shoulder is the focus not the boob!
I think this top is so cute and would look great on darker complexions , also it is a nice change from white and the pattern is still super feminine.
Isn't it just beautiful?!!Blue is my favourite colour and the dainty embroidery make it perfect for those summery evenings or afternoon holiday strolls!
Off course the trend does not only incorporates tops and a version I will be trying but not showing until I have a tan, is the off the shoulder bikini.
When you are finished on the beach , pull on some shorts and you have a perfect little off the shoulder crop top!
Today, the US national debt cracked the $15 trillion mark with no real debt solutions on the table from Congress. Debt-hawk Paul Ryan had a few things to say about this development in this video. Every time a milestone like this is reached we as a nation have fewer options available to deal with the [...]
Select Month January 2015 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005
From September 2008 to February 2009 nearly $1.6 trillion America didn’t have had been spent by our government: TARP to bailout Wall Street ($700 billion), plus the auto bailouts ($80 billion), plus the Stimulus to bailout Democrat constituencies ($787 billion). When would it stop? Who would end up paying for it? Anyone paying attention was [...]
The Supreme Court issued a stay on the Chrysler bankruptcy ruling yesterday afternoon, shortly before a court of appeals imposed deadline would have made the deal final. The Chrysler bankruptcy, engineered by the Obama administration, would have engineered a sale of Chrysler to Italian automaker Fiat, and paid off the unions at the expense of [...]
President Obama has repeatedly said that he does not want to be in the automobile business. Yet a feature-length expose in the Detroit Free Press, a rare and daring indictment of the administration by a member of the main-stream media (now dubbed the state-run media by Rush Limbaugh) shows how Obama’s auto-czar Steven Rattner (one [...]
One of the arguments against big government and government interference in the economy is government’s unique position to grant political favors to political allies, or to punish one’s political enemies. One of the many reasons Conservatives believe in limited government is to reduce the potential for corruption, political favors, and political punishment from the government. [...]
In less than a year, we as a nation have gone from a robust capitalist economic system with some burdensome government regulation to be sure, to a government-controlled economy. The federal government has effectively assumed control, by both legislation and executive order, of the financial and auto industries. This week’s firing of General Motors CEO [...]
The effort is underway by the Obama administration to begin the wide-scale nationalization of American private enterprise. This nationalization will be far-reaching and touch several key industries, making it difficult to undo by future administrations. Early indications suggest that this nationalization will touch three key industries: Health-Care, Financial, and Automobile. Health Care: It is no [...]
House Minority Leader John Boenher announced yesterday that he opposes releasing the remaining $350 billion of the TARP Bailout fund unless there is a proven need. I think until there is a demonstrated need in our economy and a plan to address that need, I think it would be irresponsible for Congress to release the [...]
President Bush today defied the will of Congress and voted to use $15 billion of TARP money (the original Paulson bailout that was appropriated to save failing financial institutions during the credit crunch) to bail out the auto industry. The bailout went to Chrysler and GM, as Ford decided it did not need a bailout [...]
Last night, Senate Republicans successfully defeated the auto-bailout bill in a cloture vote (which requires 60 votes to succeed) due to lack of union concessions. It is now being reported that the Bush Administration, through the Treasury Department, is going to ignore the will of the people’s elected representatives, and take $15 billion of the [...]
America is headed towards a Socialist state. The current economic crisis, which is directly attributable to government intervention in the free market, is now being used to foster a new Socialist Democracy, threatening the ingredients of freedom that fostered America’s greatness for the past two centuries. As we speak, a deal has been struck between [...]
Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) of the Conservative Republican Study Committee is proposing an alternative to the Auto Industry bailout and Economic Stimulus packages, as well as the remainder of the Paulson Bailout money that has yet to be authorized by Congress. His plan is to use the remaining $350 billion allocated from the bailout money [...]
Neil Cavuto had Congressman Joe Knollenberg (R-MI) on his show last night to discuss the proposed automobile bailout. Now, I understand the importance of the auto industry for Michigan, but Knollenberg, in arguing with Cavuto, stated that the government’s money is not our money. Knollenberg has a point about the auto industry doing everything that [...]
Conservatives such as myself warned back in September that the Bailout Bill proposed by Secretary of the Treasury Henry Paulson, passed by Congress, and signed into law by President Bush, was a socialist disaster in the making. The bill was supposedly passed to help shore up our nations credit and unfreeze the credit markets. Aside [...]
ucsd room assignment warren home design online 2018,ucsd revelle room assignment 1 lecture math calculus for science and engineering i warren,ucsd room assignment revelle winter on muir,ucsd room assignment 2018 muir housing warren,ucsd revelle room assignment warren lab computers smashed,spring on assignment ucsd revelle room 2018 muir,ucsd muir room assignment i sixth college fall quarter 2018 warren,ucsd muir room assignment warren frequently asked questions revelle,my journey to plus some tips for incoming college ucsd room assignment warren revelle,unveils striking new student housing building ucsd room assignment warren 2018 revelle.
Edhucabc2013/02/18 21:48How much were you paid in your last job? <a href=" http://redhub.bugs3.com/ ">pornhub</a> o no la va a matar...XD
Igtzdaad2013/02/21 06:44No, I'm not particularly sporty <a href=" http://redtube.boxhost.me/ ">redtube</a> i could die a happy man if this girl were to suck my dick once.... thats all I ask for, just suck it and let me cum in your mouth!!!
Quehwrea2013/02/21 07:00Do you like it here? <a href=" http://tube8x.nazuka.net/ ">tube8</a> I don't understand. Is porn music supposed to arouse you or something? I would've came if it wasn't for the music.
</a> i might have rated bleh. but nice video. i just dont have time or patience to make a disney vid.
Lcoxihji2013/02/21 07:31A book of First Class stamps <a href=" http://xvideo.cixx6.com/ ">xvideo</a> ttalk about beautiful pussys, i wish that first one was my sister so i can sneak into her room at night, while mom and dad are sleeping
Emreydmf2013/02/21 07:46How many more years do you have to go? <a href=" http://xvideos.dasfree.com/ ">homemade xvideos</a> If I were camerman I would tell her to touch her jeans butt, to put fingers into jeans and cum, and then to slowley take off them and drop on my face.
Fhoejtjt2013/02/21 08:01Not in at the moment <a href=" http://youjizz.4ove.com/ ">vanessa lane youjizz</a> Anyone know her name? I have seen a couple of her movies, and she only does interracial, but I get BBD (Big Black Dick) envy sometimes.
Hailey2013/03/14 07:23I didn't go to university <a href=" http://serdika.com.ar/ ">cymbalta savings card</a> on the honor system. Furnishing drinks is not a profit making enterprise! You can help too by
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/oebutygice ">little hairless lolita pussy</a> bitch you should've had me,it's your fault for being stupid when you could've had better.Money ain't everything,'ho.
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/pyohikoto ">lolita fre mpeg schoolgirl</a> its a bit ironic that the ugly old bald fart has the much more delicious cock...
Isabel2013/11/24 02:33I'd like to speak to someone about a mortgage <a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/jafytycije ">sexy young lolita girls</a> I would like to thank whoever decided to put these two together.Sasha really knows how to use that strap-on and Bree has the hottest body ever!.
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/coelunoenut ">lolita ten model movie</a> Does anyone know where else I can find vids of her cause seriously shes fucking hot an I would like to see more
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/folaciyyi ">yr old loli babez</a> This doll is absolute perfection! From her perfectly shaped natural breasts, to her large clit and swollen pussy lips protruding from her perfectly trimmed, thick black bush. A dynamite ass, not to mention that she is extremely beautiful. What a delight to watch!
Nicole2013/11/24 02:33Cool site goodluck :) <a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/fetihokaa ">lolita boys best sites</a> Dear Keira (forgot your last name) you are amazing. You are pretty and sexy and ooze sexual confidence and sheer lust. But stop saying beatch and other o.t.t. shit you don't need it and it's actually a big turn-off
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/iletoyu ">tiny virgin pussy lolita</a> pretty much the best bubble butt i have ever seen and one of the best asses overall. plus she is very beautiful, has a killer body and love watching her cream all over the cock
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/agutuybena ">young lolitas at play</a> very nice, nice moans, nice girl, nice ass fucking, but wished the cum swallowing was a bit longer, but still worthwhile.
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/esibocia ">non nude lolita pussy</a> omg i love her big tits and huge labia! to lay on my back, have her put that vagina to my lips, look up and see those huge tits jutting out, beating my dick until i spray my load all over her back - heaven!
Bella2013/11/24 02:33I work for a publishers <a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/fetihokaa ">lolita teen nude phto</a> I love watching girls ride these things ... they seem so surprised by it, and they lose control. They usually cum really hard, and help me out as well!
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/folaciyyi ">lolita kiddie sex pics</a> My husband has shared me with his friend, but didn't have DVP. Definetly, next time it would make me cum so good. I love both of them licking my nipples at the same time. This made me so horny.
Eli2013/11/24 02:33This site is crazy :) <a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/jafytycije ">nude lolita preteen girls</a> that's something i would like to do..........have my bf next to me and fock the brains out of our guys..............wouldn't mind switching............
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/agutuybena ">perfect nubile lolita pics</a> Then after she was done they finally had that new subway tunnel they were looking for. With room to spare.
<a href=" http://www.peru-portal.de/profile.php?mode=viewprofile&u=346777 ">order tinidazole</a> Cardholders have already been instructed by their carriers to register for the provincial plan. Cardholders who have already
<a href=" http://uzlov.net/forum/index.php?showuser=3260 ">Buy Ginseng Tea</a> PHP utilizes a preferred drug list (PDL), which is located on the Pharmacy Section of
<a href=" http://nutowo.pl/member.php?action=profile&uid=40349 ">generic bupropion</a> When filling prescriptions/orders for a member who is restricted to a primary provider (physician, clinic, podiatrist or
Dghonson2013/11/24 03:15This site is crazy :) <a href=" http://www.dumpybear.com/member.php?action=profile&uid=1388 ">tinidazole canada</a> they receive. During professional experiences (e.g., IPPEs & APPEs) and in any work you may do in a
Evelyn2013/11/24 03:15How many are there in a book? <a href=" http://www.osmeh.net/member.php?action=profile&uid=10372 ">buy sildenafil citrate</a> medication use and developing medication therapy guidelines. CMC offers a unique practice experience since it is both a community hospital and a teaching
<a href=" http://officialmoneyforum.com/member.php?action=profile&uid=1278 ">zyban 150 mg hinta</a> there is anything you would like to take back to the States, make a request. Her bargaining skills are better than a
<a href=" http://www.clasicii.ro/member.php?action=profile&uid=1198 ">trazodone tablet papo</a> applicable) ± This test must be done annually. Students are required to receive a two-step
Mariah2013/11/24 03:40Will I get travelling expenses? <a href=" http://magicclub.su/index.php?showuser=3578 ">Buy Glyset</a> Students must enroll in the Hospital IPPE (PHCY 470) during the spring of the PY1 year and
<a href=" http://w3schools.invisionzone.com/index.php?showuser=167662 ">Order Haldol</a> your customers. The concept that EDI cardholders should be charged no more than your regular price (i.e. should not be
<a href=" http://www.nokia.bir.ru/forum/index.php?showuser=77040 ">Hyaluronic Acid Lotion</a> when they move into a culture markedly different from their own. It comes from the experience of
Mariah2013/11/24 03:56I don't know what I want to do after university <a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/buucunysig ">bbs lol top 100</a> Nice vid! but even I can cum better
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ymamuifuci ">nude lolita 6 yo</a> There is just something about a woman with an English accent doing the nasty that makes it even hotter.
Lillian2013/11/24 03:56What company are you calling from? <a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/buucunysig ">little loli hot models</a> I had to laugh at him baying like that at the end, fucking weak! lol
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ymamuifuci ">lolita fashion model nn</a> so fucking hot and horny. i would fuck her anyday and anywhere
Mishel2013/11/24 03:56I'd like to change some money <a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/buucunysig ">pic of lolitas model</a> She is amazingly cute. Luv the red heads! And his cock is pretty damn nice, too.
<a href=" http://www.discousa.us/member.php?action=profile&uid=6637 ">cheap eriacta</a> DUR responses. If a claim has three (3) denial responses and also has warnings, only the
<a href=" http://rag2.com.br/forum/fusion/member.php?action=profile&uid=45233 ">bimatoprost cost</a> one from a patient and one from a health care provider and · Ideally completed outline an appropriate search strategy for each during week #3 but identify appropriate resources must be completed evaluate literature resources by last day of rotation prepare and submit a written response using DI
flyman2013/11/24 04:12Do you know each other? <a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/louqyleji ">preteenlolita 12 yo nude</a> Reminds me of a threeway I did with my wife. I blogged about it. I blew soo hard.
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/yjuypahyfof ">preeteen girld model loli</a> She might as well have a dick, ugly ass chick. She fucked herself up and now she looks like a dude.
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/olesoqyfygina ">forbidden little girls lolitas</a> mandingo got that ass, pinky cant hang with all that pipe he laying, she know she wanted to climb that wall
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/kairymesaca ">lolita models pictures forum</a> this female brunnete is so hot dude is so lucky to fuck this girl just by looking at her body i got hard
Daniel2013/11/24 04:13I'm a partner in <a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/louqyleji ">young preteen lolitas undressed</a> I wanna suck Jada's tits sooo bad it ain't funny! The one wearing the strappy shoes has great looking tits too. I'd love to do all three of them!
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/olesoqyfygina ">forbidden little girls lolitas</a> this video is so hot! it made me wet! i wish she was my teacher! she could play with me every day. the girl is a bit too much but i wish i had a friend like that who would eat my pussy like that!!! this video really made me come
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/otytusauny ">little my asian lolitas</a> Why is there a pirate in this video? Fuck me! He only needs a wooden leg and a parrot on his shoulder to complete the look.
Wyatt2013/11/24 04:13History <a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/louqyleji ">lolitta little model nn</a> I'd fuck like he does if i had a woman capable of endure like her. She's a fuck toy! Yummy.
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/oqebigalicu ">little school girl lolita</a> There is something about this video that makes it my alltime favourite and i dont know what it is, its soo sweet ^_^
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/tareparipebu ">hot little lolita nymphets</a> I wish this was longer. I was hoping the first girl would walk in and join. someone please tell me there is more to this one. if so where can i find it???
Nevaeh2013/11/24 04:13I work for myself <a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/yjuypahyfof ">free loli adult games</a> Right, that's weak. She had lovely tits and was naturally blonde. Still, she had to take implants, which gave her edgy ninepins, as well as an artificial dye, which made her look like yet another shallow porn whore. I want the early her back.
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ubydopupaq ">underage bbs loli cp</a> this ass is some shit u would never see in ur everyday life...so if i had that or sumthin like dat i wouldnt waste time fuckin
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/tareparipebu ">videos de lolitas lesbianas</a> I love this girl. She is skinny, but not too skinny, her tits are beautiful and perfect. She has a nice face. And she knows how to fuck.
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/olesoqyfygina ">pink lolita tgp lists</a> um i would fuck her in a heart best. this is soo fuckin tight! im cummin to this everynight. lol the dude's voice leadin up to the fuck was sexy as hell and she is also!
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ubydopupaq ">loli image board forums</a> Worst pussy licking I've ever seen in my life. And honestly, this dude doesn't know how to treat a pair of big tits.
<a href=" https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/oqebigalicu ">models nymphets lolita nude</a> A cock like that is just too big! Can never feel what it is like to slam a bitch balls deep.
<a href=" http://topmusic.lt/forum/profile.php?mode=viewprofile&u=669512 ">fasigyn tinidazole</a> senior on a drug covered by Ontario Drug Benefit (ODB). These groups would ignore the âPreviously Paid Amountâ and not pay
Mary2013/11/24 04:25We used to work together <a href=" http://www.univers2com.net/forum/profile.php?id=445728 ">order tinidazole online</a> hospital. Students have the opportunity to interact with private physicians as well as the
<a href=" http://forum.phreess.com/member.php?action=profile&uid=8228 ">bimatoprost price</a> When receiving a DUR warning for early refill, ensure that at least two-thirds of the previously dispensed supply has been used
<a href=" http://1boss.org/forums/index.php?showuser=10653 ">Purchase Innopran Xl Online</a> DUR responses. If a claim has three (3) denial responses and also has warnings, only the
<a href=" http://w3schools.invisionzone.com/index.php?showuser=167661 ">Purchase Lipothin</a> physician; needs physician; needs physician; requires to a physician; consistently
Kylie2013/11/24 04:35How much is a Second Class stamp? <a href=" http://www.antepforum.com/index.php?showuser=216 ">L-Tryptophan 500mg</a> professional · Dress professionally and in point and final during
<a href=" http://forums.chillertv.com/index.php?showuser=67775 ">Purchase Januvia</a> website at http://ehs.unc.edu/training/self.shtml. A minimum score of 70% is required to pass each
Trinity2013/11/24 04:35I enjoy travelling <a href=" http://w3schools.invisionzone.com/index.php?showuser=167661 ">Order Lipothin</a> to their goals and interests Share stories of your successes and failures ³Set students up´ for success rathe r than failure Recognize and reward successes
quaker2013/11/24 05:04No, I'm not particularly sporty <a href=" http://topgames.com.br/forum_x360/profile.php?id=849688 ">is there a generic zyban</a> Make sure the technicians know that the student is there to learn and should be afforded the
<a href=" http://indiepedia.org/forum/profile.php?mode=viewprofile&u=294899 ">purchase sildenafil citrate</a> they receive. During professional experiences (e.g., IPPEs & APPEs) and in any work you may do in a
EXCIVAICELITE2013/09/24 05:49Shoe lifts for guys and women are sold in all sizes and in a wide range of heights
Hceonzqs2014/03/14 01:23Are Credit unsecured loans can be you to bad credit your co-signer released ahead of attempting to buy one .,
This site requires JavaScript for certain functions and interactions to work. Please turn on JavaScript for the best possible experience.
On 31 January, when his company came under a heavy volume of enemy fire near the city of Hue, Gunnery Sergeant Canley rushed across the fire-swept terrain and carried several wounded Marines to safety. Later, with the company commander seriously wounded, Gunnery Sergeant Canley assumed command and i...
The Medal of Honor is the highest award for valor in action against an enemy force which can be bestowed upon an individual serving in the Armed Services of the United States. Generally presented to its recipient by the President of the United States of America in the name of Congress.
Land of Sensations. All Rights Reserved. Blogger Templates created by Deluxe Templates. Wordpress Theme by Magical
George A. Little was born on 24 December 1843 at Canada.1 He married Mary Julia Pepper on 25 March 1871 at Winnebago Co., WI. George A. Little died on 14 November 1916 at Hamlin Co., SD, at age 72.
George W. Little married Nancy Elizabeth Hooker, daughter of Richard Hooker and Phoebe Tallman, on 31 July 1860 at Fairfield Co., OH.
Harry Arto Little was born on 14 June 1893. He was the son of Willis Littel and Hannah Catherine Swarens. Harry Arto Little married Mabel Margaret Smedley in February 1918. Harry Arto Little died in May 1970 at age 76.
Helen Jeanetta Little was born in 1922. She married Harley Max Belvel, son of David Tullis Belvel and Milla Ann McLaughlin. Helen Jeanetta Little died in 1990. She was buried in 1990 at Evergreen Cemetery, Lineville, Wayne Co., IA.
Jack Little was born on 21 March 1920. He began military service WW II service, Pvt., U.S. Army. He married Betty Pauline Siler, daughter of Ithamer Sank Seiler and Phoebe R. Demma Snapp. Jack Little died on 18 April 1998 at age 78. He was buried in April 1998 at Rice Cemetery, Stone Co., MO, Find A Grave Memorial# 61114262.
Jackie Lee Little was born on 1 June 1936 at Madison Co., OH.1 He was the son of John M. Little and Etta Edna Windle.1 Jackie Lee Little died on 16 July 1947 at Madison Co., OH, at age 11. He was buried in July 1947 at Paint Twp. Cemetery, London, Madison Co., OH, Find A Grave Memorial# 42371452.
John Little was also known as "Joseph" This individual was listed as Joseph in 1900, cannot be found in the 1910 census, and was listed as John in 1920. He was born in July 1897 at Illinois.1 He was the son of Roy Albertice Little and Marie Catherine Wendell.1
John M. Little was born on 12 October 1902. He married Etta Edna Windle, daughter of James William Windle and Ida Bell Axline. John M. Little died on 22 July 1988 at age 85. He was buried in July 1988 at Paint Township Cemetery, London, Madison Co., OH, Find A Grave Memorial# 42371513.
Joseph Windle Little was born on 28 January 1884 at Overton Co., TN. He was the son of Vastine Little and Juliann Permelia Windle. Joseph Windle Little married Addie Reed circa 1915. Joseph Windle Little married Ollie Maude Beasley, daughter of George Stanton Beasley and Elizabeth Frances Reed, on 31 March 1921. Joseph Windle Little died on 26 July 1981 at Livingston, Overton Co., TN, at age 97.
Katherine Little was the daughter of Harry Arto Little and Mabel Margaret Smedley. Katherine Little died on 22 April 1972.
Leslie Barbara Little married Merle Cecil Huppert, son of Edwin Alvertis Huppert and Rosa Ella Gulick. Leslie Barbara Little was born on 22 July 1918 at Normal, McLean Co., IL. She was the daughter of Charles Leslie Little and Dorothea Sale.
Lucy H. L. Little was born in February 1895 at Overton Co., TN.1 She was the daughter of Vastine Little and Juliann Permelia Windle.1
Margaret W. Little was born on 28 July 1888 at Littlestown, Adams Co., PA. She was the daughter of Washington Adam Millard Little and Hermeon Blanche Wortz. Margaret W. Little married John Yost Burgard, son of Peter S. Burgard and Mary Yost, on 1 January 1912 at York, York Co., PA. Margaret W. Little died on 3 August 1983 at York Co., PA, at age 95.
Mary Cornelius Little was born on 24 December 1853 at Maine.1 She married Joseph Lincoln Colby on 15 April 1875 at Bangor, Penobscot Co., ME.1
Mary F. Little was born in January 1879 at Overton Co., TN.1 She was the daughter of Vastine Little and Juliann Permelia Windle.1
Myrtle Evelyn Little was born on 21 May 1873 at Appleton, Outagamie Co., WI.1,2 She was the daughter of George A. Little and Mary Julia Pepper.1 Myrtle Evelyn Little married George Washington Wendell, son of Phillip Wendell and Sarah Ann Warren, circa 1898.2 Myrtle Evelyn Little died on 28 December 1940 at Codington Co., SD, at age 67.
Oscar B. Little was born in June 1881 at Overton Co., TN.1 He was the son of Vastine Little and Juliann Permelia Windle.1
Pearl L. Little was born on 12 June 1900 at Henry Co., IL.1 She was the daughter of Roy Albertice Little and Marie Catherine Wendell.1 Pearl L. Little lived on 11 April 1940 at East Moline State Hospital, Moline, Rock Island Co., IL; Census ED 81-105, p.8A. She died in January 1989 at Stark Co., IL, at age 88 Dates per SSDI, last residence Toulon.
Penelope Little married Thomas Gilmore, son of Alexander Gilmore and Rebecca Smith, on 23 September 1821 at Harrison Co., IN.
Rebecca W. Little was born on 28 July 1888 at Littlestown, Adams Co., PA. She was the daughter of Washington Adam Millard Little and Hermeon Blanche Wortz. Rebecca W. Little married Hermann Gottlieb Singer, son of Ottomar Singer and Margarete Martin. Rebecca W. Little died on 8 May 1964 at Rosenheim, Bayern, Germany, at age 75.
Robert Gene Little was born in 1948. He was the son of Jack Little and Betty Pauline Siler. Robert Gene Little died on 26 January 1993 at Springfield, Greene Co., MO. Cause of death: Congestive heart failure. He was buried in January 1993 at Crane Community Cemetery, Crane, Stone Co., MO, Find A Grave Memorial# 46456933.
Robert H. Little was born in April 1892 at Overton Co., TN.1 He was the son of Vastine Little and Juliann Permelia Windle.1
Rodger W. Little was born in April 1886 at Adams or York Co., PA. He was the son of Washington Adam Millard Little and Hermeon Blanche Wortz. Rodger W. Little married Sarah (?) circa 1921. Rodger W. Little died in 1941. He was buried in 1941 at Mt. Olivet Cemetery, Hanover, York Co., PA.
Rodney Augustus Little was born on 16 September 1825 at Hollis, Hillsborough Co., NH.1 He married Levantia Wheaton. Rodney Augustus Little died on 29 August 1899 at Illinois at age 73. He was buried in September 1899 at Kewanee, Henry Co., IL.
Roxy Elizabeth Little was born on 8 April 1897. She was the daughter of Willis Littel and Hannah Catherine Swarens. Roxy Elizabeth Little married Charles Leo Endris in January 1915. Roxy Elizabeth Little married Adolph Franklin Wieber circa 1923. Roxy Elizabeth Little died on 29 May 1938 at age 41.
Roy Albertice Little was born on 21 October 1874 at Wethersfield, Henry Co., IL.1 He was the son of Rodney Augustus Little and Levantia Wheaton. Roy Albertice Little married Marie Catherine Wendell, daughter of Nathan Augustine Wendell and Susan Ruth Randall, circa 1899.2
Note: In the 1910 census, Roy Little was living with his daughter Pearl and a housekeeper, and his marital status was "M" for 10 years, but neither Marie nor her son Joseph/John were listed in the household. Roy Albertice Little died on 17 December 1948 at age 74.
Mother Earth’s Farmacy obeys all state laws and requires a valid Goverment or State Issued ID. We are licensed, bonded and insured.
*These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Just kidding, but seriously you're not allowed to check out this site even though recreational marijuana is legal in California.
About ME: Hello gentlemen, welcome to my ad, it has been created for the discerning gentleman who requires an exiqusite luxury companion, with both beauty and brains and an incredibly wild sexuality... Ani Blackfox saying:. I am passionate about life, love, nature , music. A man who has a great sense of humor is my ideal. Integrity and kindness are very important to me. I don't drink alcohol and prefer a sober man.. Money talks glory hole and famous toons facial first time Stealing will. I love having sex and suck dicks with three strong guys.
Bar Talk # 8 - *Overheard Friday Night (6-8-12) at Nick-A-Nees, Providence, Rhode Island (Purty much reported as close to verbatim as possible.)* He’s the kin...
Hey, Drummers of the World! - How about when you're done playing, you flip the switch on your snare drum so that it doesn't rattle and buzz all night?
Kovacs on the Corner (1952) - Is this thing on? Hello? Hello? Here's something I never thought I'd see.. the much-maligned and very short-lived Kovacs Philly daytime vehicle Kovacs on...
CONCENTRATING THE MIND: Thoughts About Distribution - How did you watch the Obama Inauguration? I had intended to find a place with a large screen, preferably full of Americans, and share the audacity of hope....
Rock Revival's Classic Albums (1976): Brand X 'Unorthodox Behaviour' - In the history of Jazz Fusion Brand X are a critical yet less well known institution. They formed in 1974, broke up in 1980 and reformed in the 90's and a...
this is a discussion within the Saints Community Forum; Text messages at 4 a.m. are usually either really good or really bad news. For New Orleans Saints rookie wide receiver Tommylee Lewis, those 4 a.m. alerts are tips from former NFL coach Bill Parcells. Parcells saw Lewis play at ...
For New Orleans Saints rookie wide receiver Tommylee Lewis, those 4 a.m. alerts are tips from former NFL coach Bill Parcells.
Parcells saw Lewis play at William T. Dwyer High in Palm Beach Gardens, Fla., and Lewis said he and the legendary coach have stayed in contact over the years.
"We text back and forth, here and there," Lewis said. "He likes to text early in the morning, like 4 in the morning."
Parcells, who is friends with Lewis' high school coach, also vouched for another Dwyer High player, Jacoby Brissett, the former North Carolina State quarterback selected by the New England Patriots in the third round this year.
And when Lewis was going through the draft process as an under-the-radar prospect from Northern Illinois, Parcells reached out to Sean Payton, his former pupil, to recommend the 5-foot-7 receiver to the Saints — albeit with a warning that Lewis wouldn't be tall.
"This was his guy," Payton said. "So, I don't know that we had great exposure with the tape, but we signed him right after the draft. And, shoot, I'm glad we did."
Response to NFL.com "Unpopular Opinions: Drew Brees is most underrated player ever" Last Blog: 10-08-2018 By: jeanpierre
does he have the heart and desire to make the most of his God given talents? hardest thing to measure and the saints seem to do a good job at chasing down these type of players.
David Patton? That is a huge statement. Patton may not have had all the glory but when Brady needed those key yards at any time in a game, Patton was his man. Mr Reliable
« 'You got to make them count': Preseason is Saints backup QB Garrett Grayson's stage to prove himself | WR Michael Thomas, revamped D breathe new life into Saints in loss to Patriots »
Finally, a book that really does deserve to go into a time capsule, carefully placed in a steel cylinder and buried deep into the earth to await eager historians from future generations or from outer space. Before this, Bhaskar wrote two books which mysteriously turned out to be both modestly-successful as well as best-selling. Somehow, he remained unknown to billions. Now he has written a silly autobiography but structured it meticulously. Bhaskar, the son of an LIC ‘odditor’ and himself a fully-qualified chartered accountant, opens with a chapter called 1963, by a fascinating coincidence, the very year in which he was born! The next chapter is 1964, then 1965, then 1966, and all the way up to 2015. Through the life experiences of the unknown Bhaskar, the eager historian of the future will learn how people lived between 1963 and 2015, especially those who lived in Madras, Udupi, Delhi, Bombay, Coimbatore and, erm, Dubai. They will also obtain some mildly useful information about movies, cricket, politics and entertainment. From an anthropological perspective, Bhaskar gives an insight into transitions in his world. To begin with, people would hang onto their toothbrushes, discarding them only after the bristles began to resemble a strip of savannah grassland that had been viciously trampled upon by a herd of stampeding elephants. They would stealthily pocket cutlery from aeroplanes. Then, as the socio-economic environment advanced, they began buying whole sets of crockery which sadly did not last as long as the stolen cutlery. They developed quaint professional rites of passage called ‘mini-offsites’ at which overpaid bank officials engaged with ‘escorts’ and later, exposed on Facebook, bought expensive presents to placate their enraged spouses.
At a personal level, Bhaskar reveals himself as one who, to the great merriment of his friends and classmates, faints. He faints quite often! Let us hope he is not going to faint when he reads this review. Or, perhaps the friends could get together and sell tickets in anticipation.
While this book could emerge winner in a time-capsule competition, it could also gain esteem as entertainment to the present-day reader. I was laughing very loudly, and my husband, lying in bed next to me and waiting for his turn, became increasingly agitated, muttering to himself, “Who is this Bhaskar! Wait till I get my hands on him,” etc.
To be honest, I started cackling away right from the dedication which is really very funny. Towards the end of the book, there is an explanation which I was glad to read, because without it the dedication would have remained a mystery to the future historian unless Bhaskar’s publishers had contrived to also squeeze a few c1980s telephone directories into the capsule to provide context. It occurred to me that the enterprising publishers might also want to introduce footnotes for the puzzled historians wondering why the trend of women taking to the study of economics in droves should be called The ‘Rajan’ Effect. And how come, when the family driver in Udupi was Bhavani Shankar, in Delhi too the family had a driver with the same name! And the ‘household help’ in Chennai was also called Bhavani! Could this be coincidence? Or was Bhavani a generic of Bhaskar’s time? So – footnotes, please, dear publishers.
There are also long passages where the humour lags and verses which strike a wrong note. So, to end, a minor stricture for the author from an almost-fan of somewhat similar vintage and demography:
This review was written for Hindustan Times and appeared on Saturday 18 February 2017. It can be viewed online here.
black-and-white fountain celebrates the happy proliferation of the printed word. By the nature of being black and white, it represents the calm, the matter-of-fact, and the unpretentious obvious. Primary book classifications are 'buy', 'borrow', and 'bin'. This blog is written by Saaz Aggarwal, a writer and painter who lives in Pune, and here she writes about the books she is reading. Most of these are books by South Asian writers, or based in the region, and many are newly released.
black-and-white fountain by Saaz Aggarwal is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-No Derivative Works 2.5 India License.
Oxford University Press, Pakistan, published the book as Sindh: Stories from a Lost Homeland and launched it at the Karachi literature festival in February 2013.
This paper is named for a verse by the Sindhi poet Prabhu Wafa: "Wherever you find your people, call it home. Wherever you find Sindhis, call it your Sindh."
This book comprises short spurts of thought: the worldview of a Madam who lives in Pune, India - the Oxford of the East, the Home of the Shrewsbury Biscuit, and the road-accident fatality-and-brain-damage capital of the world.
He became head of his family and business when he was only fifteen. Orphaned at nineteen, rendered homeless by Partition at twenty-one, Satpal Malhotra arrived in Pune in November 1947. Click this image for a complimentary pdf download of the dramatic and searingly honest autobiography of the founder of the Indian food products company Weikfield.
Descripción: Play this 3 scenes jigsaw puzzle games of porsche 911 GTS. Level up, difficulty increase. Drag and drop the pieces to their right place within the giving time!
Hockey betting is a very exciting pastime. Among all emotions and agitation, don’t lose ties with common sense. If in doubt, do not place a bet at all. Before making the decision, analyze at least 10 latest games featuring both your selected team and its rival. If your predictions are confirmed, it’s time to make a bet.
When placing hockey bet during a hockey championship, the bettor must understand how this event is different from other hockey championships. This will allow you to predict the outcome correctly. For example, the Switzerland championship and the Czech Republic championships demonstrate different performance and activity level. This means that the average number of goals per Switzerland game is 5.5, while Czech players score just 4.5 goals per match. Such a difference is due to different strategies and championship traditions. Analyzing the performance of different teams, you come one step closer to achieving success in NHL betting.
Today’s bookmakers offer a wide range of hockey bet to choose from. Different types of bets are known as ‘markets’.
Let’s take a look at basic markets. Outcome bet and draw bet are probably the most popular markets among bettors all over the globe. These ordinary bets are recommended for beginners who are making their first steps in NHL betting. Don’t forget to find out whether it’s a normal play time bet or overtime bet. Most bookies take bets on normal play time. If in doubt, place a double bet –for example, 1Х or Х2. This means that you bet on both your selected team’s victory and a draw. On our betting site, we accept bets on both normal play time and overtime.
Choice of hockey bet is huge. A wide range of opportunities means multiple winning options. You will certainly find the optimal bet for yourself. Furthermore, you can combine hockey bets with other sports, such as football or tennis betting. Always remember the key rule: only place a bet when you’re 100% sure it will win. Take your time to think over possible outcomes of the upcoming hockey match. Then pick the optimal bet based on your analysis. Remember that two combination (express) bets are better than one ordinary bet.
U+041A was added to Unicode in version 1.1 (1993). It belongs to the block Cyrillic in the Basic Multilingual Plane.
This character is a Uppercase Letter and is mainly used in the Cyrillic script. It is related to its lowercase variant .
The glyph is not a composition. It has a Ambiguous East Asian Width. In bidirectional context it acts as Left To Right and is not mirrored. The glyph can, under circumstances, be confused with 37 other glyphs. In text U+041A behaves as Alphabetic regarding line breaks. It has type Upper for sentence and ALetter for word breaks. The Grapheme Cluster Break is Any.
Thousands of North Carolina teachers swarmed the state legislature on Wednesday to call for pay raises and more spending on schools, making the state the country’s sixth to be roiled by educators demanding better funding. Hundreds of teachers in red T-shirts filled a spectators gallery and chanted “remember, remember, we vote in November” as the Republican-controlled General Assembly started its session. The protest prompted at least 38 districts, representing more than half the state’s 1.5 million public school students, to cancel classes.
about After against Attack California calls China Could court crash dead Death Donald family first Florida Found from House Into Iran killed Korea latest more North over People police President Report Russia Says School shooting South state Syria Texas This Trump Trump&aposs U.S. White woman
California wildfires: Why Trump&apos;s claim &apos;forest management&apos; is to blame is completely wrong – and why he&apos;ll keep saying it
It’s already known to us all that how bad smoking is for our health. It causes cancer, lung diseases and many other fatal diseases which ultimately can result in death. So it’s crystal clear that in order to live a healthy and long life, we must quit smoking. We all agree to that. But the problem is how many chain smokers could give up smoking easily? Not many. Even I couldn’t. So we can see that we all know about all the bad effects of smoking on our health, we also agree with those but we aren’t able to quit smoking easily.
We need expert help for that. We need help from someone who has been able to quit smoking and need to know how he/she could do that. So here’s the solution. If you really want to quit smoking but you just can’t and if you want some very effective tips which can definitely help you to quit smoking, then look no further. Here we are to help you. Today we’ll talk about the most effective ways to quit smoking which actually worked for smokers. So let’s get right on to it.
Why do you want to quit smoking? There are a lot of answers to that questions, right? But which one is the prime reason for you to quit smoking? Find those reasons out and make a list. Read out that list every day and keep that with you always. Whenever you feel the urges to smoke, then take that list out and read those reasons. These reasons will work as motivations for you and they will help you a lot to quit smoking.
Okay, there are some things which triggers the urges of smoking, right? Different persons have different triggers. Some have stress, some have smoker friends, and some have alcohol and so on. So which one is your trigger? Find out your triggers and sidestep them. Try to spend more time with non-smoker friends, go to places where smoking isn’t allowed and reduce your alcohol intake. These will help to avoid your triggers.
NRT stands for the term Nicotine Replacement Therapy. This has become a very popular method for quitting smoking lately. Nicotine has an addiction which is hard to remove quickly. So in this therapy, the amount of Nicotine intake is gradually reduced instead of completely stopping it. This therapy helps you to give up Nicotine slowly. Nicotine patches, gums and lozenges are used in this therapy and studies prove that their success rate is pretty high.
Staying active is another very effective way of giving up smoking. Staying active keeps you busy, so you don’t get the time to feel the urges for smoking. Moreover, there are many researches which prove that physical exercises can drastically reduce the psychological and physical urges for Nicotine. So stay active as much as you can.
Well, it’s naturally hard to give up smoking on your own. It becomes much easier when you find someone who’s also trying to do the same thing and also facing the same problems which you are facing. This gives you a huge psychological advantage and motivation for quitting smoking. In this way, both of you get the advantage. Keeping these thoughts in mind, there are so many programs on quitting smoking which are trying to provide the perfect platform to share your experiences and ultimately provide support to give up smoking. Try joining one of these programs. These programs really help a lot.
Don’t keep things to yourself. Share your “smoking quitting” plans with your friends and family. They can help you more than you think. Your family and friends can keep you away from smoking every time and provide you motivation and support. If that doesn’t work, talk with a counselor or psychologist.
These were the most effective ways on how you can give up smoking. We all agree with the devastating effects of smoking to our body. So we need to give it up immediately. Think about your family, your friends and mostly, yourself. Quitting smoking can guarantee you a longer and healthier life. So why miss that? If you’re really willing to quit smoking but you can’t, then try these tips. These tips have helped so many smokers to leave smoking all around the world. So these can help you too. Just try them out and give yourself a healthier and happier life.
HealthSouth’s occupational therapy team assists the patients in developing the skills to take care of themselves when a health problem limits normal, day-to-day activity, such as bathing, dressing, eating, preparing meals, doing housework and managing personal business. Therapy may include the following:
Training on the use of adaptive equipment to improve independence and safety during daily life tasks
PDF-04078 | The pressures a girl experiences growing up today are more intense than ever before. There are gender stereotypes to buck. Narrow expectations to contend with. Conflicting messages to make sense of. A girl is told that it’s important to excel in school and pursue a career but that she should also keep her voice down, watch her weight, and make sure that everyone else around her is happy.Strong, Sm… Strong, Smart, and Bold: Empowering Girls for Life
Download eBook Strong, Smart, and Bold: Empowering Girls for Life by Carla Fine across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This Strong, Smart, and Bold: Empowering Girls for Life book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Strong, Smart, and Bold: Empowering Girls for Life without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Strong, Smart, and Bold: Empowering Girls for Life can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Strong, Smart, and Bold: Empowering Girls for Life having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Search information. Our products are correctly identified by the part number on the product. The part number consists of 10 characters
A semicolon in a post title, edgy. Finally finished a unit filler that I started a horribly long time ago, but only now had the time to finish because everyone at the one inch warriors home base has been ill with a stomach flu, which wreaked havoc amongst social calendars but generated hobby time/baseball postseason viewing opportunities.
I also finished an odd Kroxigor I had lying around, which subsequently spurred me on to start the tedious project of re-basing the older units in my army. I originally based the lizards in a horribly dark scheme topped off with some flat looking flock. In redoing the Krox's I added some 5th Edition Chaos Warrior debris in Khorne colors to round out the color scheme on the unit.
Finally, I also painted up a standard bearer for the unit. The sword is from the Cold One Cavalry kit.
The primary function of this blog is to chronicle my miniature painting exploits. After that, it's all over the place, something of "personality based blog," so roll with it. The name "one inch warriors" was the semi-unofficial moniker of a gaming group that hung out in my garage in college.
While I am an attorney and do make an occasional legal reference, nothing on this site should be construed to be legal advice in any way, shape or form. Additionally, all copyrighted and trademarked materials are the intellectual property of their respective owners, no infringement is intended.
The O - Paptimus Scirocco's the O is one of the more recognizable mobile suits from the Zeta Gundam anime series, and is a really solid, iconic design. Boasting a ...
Battle of the Poppy Field - On Sunday I joined the Rejects for a very special commemorative game. Stuart called me about this a couple of weeks ago and I immediately said I was avail...
Thorns of the Briar Queen Painted for Warhammer Underworlds - After taking forever painting Magore's Fiends, I managed to knock out my Thorns of the Briar Queen warband in short order. A major reason for the speed on ...
The Blackbarrow Chronicles, Ep 4, The Cult of Orcus - Part 2 , Post Game. - Notes on the Post Game: Following up with the end of our last battle, its time to take a look at our house ruled campaign advancement system for the Othe...
Lest We Forget - On this Centenary of Armistice Day I thank all those who answered the calls of their Nations to do their duty. I have recently been researching my great g...
Shroud of Night - Review - I had read that there was a new book out about the Alpha Legion, but in 40k, rather than 30k. I was curious enough about it (and had heard some good things...
Using Colour Shift Paints - This post is designed to be both a tutorial and review on some of the colour shift paints available today. Many of you are familiar with Green Stuff Worl...
Catching Up On Some Terrain Pieces - Hello! I haven't posted for a while. I've been slogging away on a couple of large projects...all having to do with Kill Team terrain. First off, I wanted t...
Man O'War - Khorne Bloodship - *A Khorne Bloodship is a fearsome vessel to behold. It is a vast, towering war machine that grinds across the surface of the waves, its armoured prow sn...
Back in the Saddle - A couple of weeks ago I got my first game of 8th ed. I really liked it… So, I’m upgrading the look of my guard, getting my Tau together and putting togeth...
Playing catch up! - April Pledge - So its been a while since I've last updated the blog so I'll keep this one short and sweet with regards to the Pledge for April.. Bought - 80 Painted - 95...
Weekly updates - #13-16 (Dog Bowl VI) - Hi. Nothing to see here. Haven't spent any time playing games or painting/assembling/converting minis. Take a look at this sad scene from my dusty work sp...
Things are rumbling along! - So, the launch of the Kickstarter for my book ARMIES & LEGIONS & HORDES went off with a bang! It funded in three hours, and has continued to go great gun...
A Little Catch-up - Hi there, Aside from huge cases of life, we SC Warhammerers have been quite busy on the gaming front. SC John has been busy painting various things and sc...
Miniature Monday: Lord-Celestant on a Stardrake - A long while since I made an update here, I needed a break I suppose. I won't go into why and what not because that isn't interesting. What is interesting ...
List Evolution Post Codex! - Hey guys. I’m back. In the time I’ve been gone the SM codex officially came out and two more codices are on the way! Whew. I posted my last list and I ...
Army Impressions - Shael Han - Today we have another post from Evil Homer. He sent this to me once before, and the first post didn't really say anything you couldn't read on the Wrath ...
Maelstrom's Edge - Over the last couple of years, hobby time has been at a premium, and what time I've had has been dedicated to a project that I can say I'm very excited t...
Happy Halloween - Happy Halloween from A Gentleman's Ones and from Anvil Eight Games. Let's hear it for High Fructose Corn Syrup! complements of Chris "one take" Tavonatti
Master Engineer [WIP] - In all the years I have been playing Dwarfs, this is one hero that I have never actually had a painted model for, or even used. I honestly don't know why...
Midwest Gaming Alliance is the new place to go! - If you’re still following this blog please take the time to follow our new, combined blog: The Midwest Gaming Alliance. My brother and I have joined our bl...
Dwarfs of Chaos Update - Ungor Khans Chaos Dwarfs with Great Weapons. That champ is a beast!!! Still working on lava armor for the rest of the dudes.
PP Announcement! New Hordes Model! - *"If there is one thing we here at Privateer Press pride ourselves on, it's listening to our audience. You guys and gals have been demanding a fifth full ...
Back painting and posting! - Well it's been a while hasn't it? I ran out of enthusiasm for writing blogposts late last year, my enthusiasm for the hobby was still there, but my painti...
Building the Gundam - 08 - Despite having jumped the gun a bit and assembled the wings... I can't put them on the Gundam without the harness, so that took priority. The Gundam has...
Various models for Mantic Games - Wow, it's been a while since we've updated the blog, as those who also follow our Facebook page can probably tell. Bit of an image fest with this post sh...
A farewell and new blog. - Hey guys. As you can tell, I've more or less abandoned this blog with a case of burn out and being super busy. After Adepticon I am diving back into semi r...
YOU ARE IN THE WRONG PLACE - YOU ARE IN THE WRONG PLACE If you are seeing this, it's because you're looking at *WarpstonePile.Blogspot.com*. Cut that out! The Blogger incarnation of ...
Faceplant fail-sale - So yeah … I kinda had a bike crash last month been in hospital and out of it for a while, hence it’s been quieter than usual around here… This […]
Moving the Hobby Cave - The Hobby Cave MkII - Yikes, has it really been almost two months since I last posted? Yes, yes it has. It's been even longer since I put brush to model. Bummer. Settling int...
100+ Posts! - I finally made it over 100 posts. When I first started this Blog I did not know how much I would like doing it, or how often I would post. I initially we...
Friday Night Internet Fight: 6th ed up the Wazoo - So here’s what happened- turns out it was Thursday and I didn’t even know it and forgot to write my normal “Gaming on a Budget” post for the blog I still c...
COOL Packs/-11 are non-toxic, organic phase change material (PCM) products engineered for high latent heat storage to provide temperature control in the 5°F(-15°C) to +16°F(-9°C) range, keeping biological products refrigerated. Energy is stored as a combination of sensible and latent heat. During the process of phase change between solid-liquid, thermal energy is absorbed or released while the temperature remains constant. This provides PCMs the unique capability to control temperature during the process of phase change.
Though Among the most fundamental services your vehicle will at any time require, obtaining your oil changed is very important towards the lifetime of your engine.
Brake pads operate Together with the brake caliper to prevent the spinning movement of one's wheels. The caliper squeezes the pads collectively, creating friction among the pads as well as brake rotors.
Defending Your Vehicle’s Stopping Energy Should your brakes are screeching, complaining, or just not responding like they used to, it’s time to come back see our auto service experts. When it comes to brake servicing and repair, we are a full service shop.
Motorcraft parts are initial equipment for Ford, Lincoln and Mercury vehicles and may also help restore new-vehicle-like performance and reliability. And they're covered to get a full two several years with unrestricted mileage. Even confined labor costs are included.*
There are many other items of hardware that are located in the brake system which might must be serviced too, like calipers and rotors, but the commonest service will be to switch brake pads. A complete brake career cost will vary from $three hundred as much as $one,000
These usually do not must be replaced often as it is rather rigid instead of issue to wear. You'll be able to check them for any leaks or pistons that seem like seized. If your pads are wearing uneven, this is the sign that the caliper ought to be replaced.
Also Look into the tire alone and hunt for any uneven wear which could be a sign that your tires should be aligned. Just about every axle will require to possess its bolts tightened and lubricated to prevent any troubles Down the road.
Have to present coupon at time of service. Never to be coupled with other supply on similar products or service. Most vehicles. 964WEB
Motorcraft parts are first equipment for Ford, Lincoln and Mercury vehicles and may also help restore new-vehicle-like performance and reliability. And they're lined for just a full two decades with unlimited mileage. Even restricted labor costs are included.*
“Locating a reliable mechanic at a reasonable price is usually very complicated. With YourMechanic you may skip the auto shop entirely. They mail Qualified and screened mechanics straight on your door and allow you to save big on car repair and upkeep.”
The service centers check listed below have distinct packages available to allow you to discover 1 that fits your spending plan. The following table may be used as link a degree of reference for calculating average costs for services related to your braking system.
This is often dependent on the make and design within your vehicle; check with your maker’s scheduled upkeep manual for ideal procedures in your vehicle. A general rule of thumb is changing brake fluid Anytime your brake pads are replaced.
A Pep Boys ASE Accredited technician will match your rotors for your vehicle brake service walmart utilizing our state with the art on-automobile brake lathe, causing less braking vibration and sounds
Several local shops will offer free brake inspections, along having a free estimate on any get the job done that must be done. With any automobile repair, usually attempt your very best to have at the least a few to five quotes just before obtaining the repair.
This is a brief primer on race car handling terminology. We often have drivers asking for help trouble shooting a handling deficiency but are unable to articulate what they feel into actionable information. Handling issues may have separate cause and effect or overlapping issues. This is why isolating each issue and using terms that a setup specialist can understand will help in determining a strategy to correct them.
The first step in setting up a race car and either fixing it yourself or communicating with the crew chief, engineer or tech who will make the changes is identify the three key components of the issue. What, Where and When, "The Three W's". All handling issues have these three components. Leaving one unidentified can make determining a strategy to correct it impossible. Always tune your competition setup on tires that are the same type and as fresh as you will race on. Setting up on worn out low grip tires will not yield good results for fresh high grip tires.
If there are several overlapping issues, it is best to work on one at a time. A brand new build or one with many recent updates can take several sessions to achieve the handling behavior the driver wants. One key differentiator between drivers is the ability to learn what makes the car the most competitive, even if it requires a handling trait the driver feels objectionable. Train yourself to pay attention to the car and conditions to more effectively diagnose handling issues. In other words, learn what is fast and adapt accordingly. Do not make the mistake of forcing the car to behave a certain way regardless of tire wear or lap times.
Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. (HCM) and its consolidated subsidiaries (the HCM Group) have extensive experience and advanced technological capabilities to develop and manufacture a wide range of leading-edge construction machinery.
HCM was established in 1970, when Hitachi, Ltd. spun off its construction machinery division. When it was still part of Hitachi more than 50 years ago, HCM was involved in the production of Japan's first mechanical excavator.
HCM's main product line is hydraulic excavators, with the Company manufacturing many models, from operating weights of 800Kgs. mini excavators all the way up to 780-ton ultra-large excavators. HCM is a leader in the area of construction machinery and has manufacturing facilities in Europe, the U.S.A and Asia.
HCM also manufactures wheel loaders, off-road dump trucks, tunnel boring machines, cranes, and other products.
Hitachi provides a variety of equipment & attachments to cover all functions, including digging, loading, carrying, breaking grabbing, cutting, crushing, and screening.
Hitachi Construction Machinery Middle East corporation FZE(HMEC) is 100% invested and incorporated by HCM, Japan to provide product and support throughout the Middle East and North Africa region (MENA)
Hitachi Excavators are built tough to deal with the most severe working conditions and to give optimum productivity.
Hitachi Zaxis -5 Series is the newest generation of excavators designed to provide more efficient power, higher productivity and improved operator comfort.
The Hitachi new generation ZW Series Wheel Loaders are designed for top class production and amazing mobility. The new ZW Series wheel loaders are produced with innovative technology and mechanisms. Total control of engine and pump torque is an industry first. Three work modes help operating ease and yield more production.
A wired lance made from a Gwanahda Nero's tentacles. Highly stable, its performance far exceeds its manufacturer's wildest expectations.
Red Europe: The Secret Missions of Red Alert is a mod for Command & Conquer 3 that takes place during the Great World War 2 of Red alert.
Mideast Crisis 2 (MEC2) is a total conversion for 'Command and Conquer 3 - Tiberium Wars' set in the near future, letting you use modern technology (such as the Abrams, F-35 and Hind) alongside future technology (such as Drones, Airships and Nanoseeds) in a conflict ranging from Jerusalem to Beirut.
MEC2's gameplay focuses on Occupation Warfare in which players are encouraged to not only capture parts of the map, but to put the map to use. Low on fuel? Capture a gas station. Need money? Capture a News Van and earn money from reporting. Add in our unique map events, 3 factions with highly diverse gameplay, and multipurpose units ensures that MEC2 doesn't play like any other RTS out there.
Hotel Riu Oliva Beach Fuerteventura Corralejo is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Palace Hotel Bibione is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Pelican Pointe Hotel And Resort Clearwater Fl is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Rosarito Beach Hotel is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Than add below a description for your site (the more detailed, the better), choose a title for it (URL anchor), choose a category and also recommend 1 to 10 links for other sites you'd like to promote.
Also, if you choose so, you can be contacted by people interested in posting ads on your site or offering you partnerships.
Check the box below if you are interested in being contacted by people looking for partnerships or interested in buying ad space on your web site:
Chris2018/01/22 16:08good material thanks <a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/diezel-ky-braxton-lewis-age.html#arc ">diezel herbert</a> Those who always had problems falling asleep were at least two times more likely to die in a road accident, and at least 1.5 times more likely to die from any unintentional fatal injury, compared to those who never had problems falling asleep.
Barbera2018/01/22 16:08We used to work together <a href=" http://creatica.ro/zopiclone-online-pharmacy ">zopiclone prescription drug</a> Suddenly Giuliani isn’t just getting richer, he is in play again, getting a response out of the White House, turning the political dialogue even lousier than it already is, forcing Republicans who have a much better chance of being elected President than he ever did to actually have to address whether or not they think President Obama is patriotic enough to hold the job they want, as if they get to decide
<a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/groei360-amazon/#whom ">groei360 spray</a> “He love sweets,” says Chau, who captioned a photo of his mini-me at Harlem bakery Dough Loco with, “Woah, lemme at those Chocolate Sprinkles and Maple Miso Doughnuts.” And at a recent visit to Petite Shell bakery on the Upper East Side he wrote, “Salivating over the incredible chocolate Nutella Babka.”
Maynard2018/01/22 16:08Do you know the address? <a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/goodal-double-bright-emulsion-ingredients/#below ">goodal moisture want night sleep cream pack</a> The game is set in a highly-stylised, science-fiction Earth, with maps set in technologically-enhanced landmarks and cities such as a hologram-lit London or an Egyptian bazaar set against the backdrop of the pyramids
<a href=" http://africanmangosupreme.com/buy-antabuse-pills/#faded ">antabuse implant available uk</a> And these impacts are not due to face-to-face bullying, they are specific to cyberbullying," noted Prof Frank Elgar of McGill University.
Lewis2018/01/22 16:08We'd like to offer you the job <a href=" http://www.international-hair.com/en/astelin-discount-coupons.html#pattern ">astelin otc equivalent</a> It has strengthened in the last few days to trade as strong as 52 per dollar on Thursday, in part thanks to government pressure on exporters to sell hard currency.
<a href=" http://cashbackaffiliates.com/where-can-i-buy-ketoconazole-shampoo-uk/#cold ">nizoral shampoo brand names</a> Countering such claims, a Russian Defense Ministry official quoted by the Tass news agency suggested that the search was triggered by a Dutch submarine that participated in an exercise with the Swedish navy last week
Ashton2018/01/22 17:05I'm at Liverpool University <a href=" http://casquestudiobeatsfr.com/valium-mixed-with-weed.htm#player ">valium roche sale</a> Arab Gulf countries have supported Egypt with aid worthbillions of dollars in the form of financial support and oilproducts since former army chief Abdel Fattah al-Sisi deposedIslamist President Mohamed Mursi after mass protests last July.
Darnell2018/01/22 17:05A jiffy bag <a href=" http://ankaraestetik.com/en/clonazepam-vs-valium-anxiety.html ">valerian root and valium interaction</a> “I always say that our market is not Newark, our market is New Jersey,” he continued
<a href=" http://casquestudiobeatsfr.com/diastat-rectal-valium.htm ">valium high what does it feel like</a> GENEVA/MONROVIA, Aug 22 (Reuters) - Families hiding infectedloved ones and the existence of "shadow zones" where medicscannot go mean the West African Ebola epidemic is even biggerthan thought, the World Health Organization said on Friday.
Leonel2018/01/22 17:05It's funny goodluck <a href=" http://muslimsingle.org/get-resurgence-murad#excitement ">godzilla resurgence full movie english</a> Surrounded by mountains, the village of Gocek, a half-hour from Dalaman, has become a second home to the Turkish elite, celebrities and politicians, and property prices have risen accordingly
Jayden2018/01/22 17:05I'd like to open a business account <a href=" http://www.international-hair.com/en/lioresal-10-uses.html#stream ">baclofen tabletki 10 mg cena</a> "So the micro-management will be gone in the sense that there will be simply few items to focus on," said Hardouvelis, an economist who became finance minister in June
Leonard2018/01/22 17:05Could I order a new chequebook, please? <a href=" http://heavenue.ro/bactrim-ds-order-online/#sketch ">bactrim ds oral uses</a> Business expectations fell to 48.7, its lowest since recordsfor that began in January 2013, while factory employment droppedto its lowest in nearly a year at 48.1, compared with theprevious month's 47.9.
<a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/garcinia-cambogia-extract-gnc-side-effects/ ">garcinia cambogia extract gnc 60 hca</a> The Rapiscan Secure 1,000 machines that the researchers used were replaced in airports last year by a millimeter wave scanner that’s more privacy-friendly, but they’re still in use in various other locations including courthouses and other government security checkpoints.
Rocco2018/01/22 18:02On another call <a href=" http://creatica.ro/valium-10-mg-vidal ">can you take valium to singapore</a> There, it seems, the matter of the balls' pressures first came up and conversations were had.
<a href=" http://africanmangosupreme.com/how-to-purchase-promethazine-cough-syrup/#groups ">phenergan 25mg tablets pil</a> “I can’t give you my secret, but I will say that making great meatballs is all about the mushing and the squeezing.”
Denny2018/01/22 18:02I can't get a signal <a href=" http://creatica.ro/generic-alprazolam-5-mg ">xanax types generic</a> Jurors were also shown the white cap Dzhokhar Tsarnaev wore the day of the bombings
Aaron2018/01/22 18:02We used to work together <a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/360-cut-360-lean-reviews/ ">garcinia ultra lean reviews</a> The care provided to unaccompanied minors in Ireland has improved in recent years, however a number of challenges still remain in relation to this vulnerable group of young people, a new report has found.
<a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/thermogen-coffee-de-olla-omnilife-como-se-toma.html ">b4 thermogenic ingredients</a> Then as the Diamondbacks were rallying to win the game, pinch-runner David Dellucci slid into Jeter’s bad leg, as Mariano Rivera’s throw sailed high, and the Yankee shortstop spent the rest of the inning hobbling around on it.
</a> Missing their four-time NBA champion Tony Parker of the San Antonio Spurs, the French were undone by Los Angeles Lakers forward Pau Gasol and his brother Marc, who toyed with their rivals at both ends of the court.
<a href=" http://muslimsingle.org/calculate-the-boiling-point-elevation-and-freezing-point-depression-of-a-solution-contains-500g ">boiling point of organic compounds lab</a> Once he started showing symptomsof fever, vomiting and diarrhoea, the student took a taxi to alocal clinic - since shut down - where unsuspecting workerstreated him for malaria.
Natalie2018/01/22 18:03Insufficient funds <a href=" http://muslimsingle.org/lava-iris-fuel-60-price-in-nepal#attacked ">lava iris fuel 60 online price in india</a> No matter the issue's sensitivity, Justice Samuel Alito said, "Our decision isn't going to be based on any view that we may have about whether Jerusalem should be regarded as part of Israel or the capital of Israel."
Issac2018/01/22 18:59I'll text you later <a href=" http://creatica.ro/valium-for-flying-phobia ">xanax vs valium mg</a> It's unclear from the YouTube video posted Saturday how many disabled concertgoers were there, but West asked the audience to confirm that they could not get up.
Plank2018/01/22 19:00I'd like a phonecard, please <a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/progain-350-muscle-australia.html ">progain 350 where to buy uk</a> She previously covered the federal courts for The Recorder and American Lawyer Media
Tracey2018/01/22 19:56I don't know what I want to do after university <a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/ambien-dosage/ ">ambien cr 12.5 dosage</a> Since 2000, the self-sufficiency standard for a family with two adults and two young children has risen by 45%, largely driven by housing costs, while the median income of working adults has climbed by only 17%.
<a href=" http://evesgardenessentials.com/valium-posologia-gocce/#repent ">can you donate blood if you take valium</a> The report said employees affected worked on parts for the latest version of Apple’s iPad and were later transferred to a facility that produces the iPhone 6.
Virgil2018/01/22 19:56Jonny was here <a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/fucoslim-review.html ">turboslim cronoactive forte 56 comprimidos</a> Boeing, too, chose a capsule design for its planned space taxi, known as the Crew Space Transportation (CST)-100
<a href=" http://casquestudiobeatsfr.com/demerol-and-valium.htm#kidnap ">sevrage temesta valium</a> A guy who can have immense personal charm when he wants to exhibits the charm and instincts of a bouncer on this one.
<a href=" http://www.komikvideolar.org/are-zepose-valium-good.html#liquor ">valium for borderline personality</a> But this is the stage on which the young cricketers of Australia and New Zealand are tested, when the six or so regional teams meet annually in a 50-over tournament
Chris2018/01/22 19:56What company are you calling from? <a href=" http://ankaraestetik.com/en/how-long-does-200-mg-provigil-last.html ">provigil long term studies</a> “The press accounts and rumors are particularly hurtful because they are false,” Benton said in the statement
<a href=" http://www.international-hair.com/en/methocarbamol-side-effects-constipation.html#stepfather ">methocarbamol 750 mg drug interactions</a> It also says EDF "has acknowledged that their customers were caused significant disruption" and has apologised.
Irving2018/01/22 20:53I want to make a withdrawal <a href=" http://www.javanux.com/tegretol-dose-trigeminal-neuralgia.html#thaw ">tegretol bipolar disorder</a> Despite the strong support for Treasuries, the Treasury sold$29 billion in seven-year Treasuries notes to weak demand.Overall bidding, as measured by the bid-to-cover ratio, was at2.48, its lowest since June.
Walton2018/01/22 20:53Stolen credit card <a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/the-role-of-adiponectin-in-obesity-diabetes-and-cardiovascular-disease.html ">adipocyte iron regulates adiponectin and insulin sensitivity</a> Of the 1,546 participants who reported watching more than three hours of TV a day at age 42, nearly 83 percent had watched television often at age 10, the researchers report in the Journal of Epidemiology & Community Health.
Ollie2018/01/22 20:53I'd like to pay this in, please <a href=" http://africanmangosupreme.com/rob-wildeman-tricor-pacific-capital/ ">tricor tablets</a> The film’s soothing sense of humor comes out whenever she encounters confusing plights, such as eating cold mush, losing a toenail or having fox-shaped hallucinations
Garth2018/01/22 20:53I came here to study <a href=" http://muslimsingle.org/salonpas-lidocaine-patch-warnings#superficial ">salonpas gel patch burn</a> In some parts of the world, a fall in the oil price will drive a fall in the gas price - and since gas is the fuel that directly competes with renewables, this scenario in the long-term could obviously threaten them.
<a href=" http://cashbackaffiliates.com/can-prednisone-affect-heart-rate/ ">what is prednisone used for in animals</a> Evidence shows that exposure to alcohol promotion in the UK normalises drinking for young people and encourages them to drink at younger ages and in greater quantities.
Sarah2018/01/22 21:51Do you play any instruments? <a href=" http://ankaraestetik.com/en/dosage-for-valium-before-mri.html#throughout ">valium 10 mg effet secondaire</a> “Our management, our booking agent — they were all feeding us drugs,” she told The Guardian in 2010
<a href=" http://heavenue.ro/cheap-doxycycline-and-prednisone/ ">prednisone 5mg pill</a> Frustrated with constantly being treated like “second-rate citizens” on the professional golf circuit, as long-time caddie Mike Hicks put it, Hicks and 80 professional caddies filed a federal class-action lawsuit against the PGA Tour in U.S
Lavern2018/01/22 21:51How long have you lived here? <a href=" http://creatica.ro/single-dose-of-valium-while-breastfeeding ">can i take paracetamol with valium</a> There is a depth of authority a writer has when writing about a place they know well
Gonzalo2018/01/22 21:51How long are you planning to stay here? <a href=" http://www.international-hair.com/en/tricor-134-mg.html#marks ">purchase tricorns</a> Anaphylaxis symptoms can include difficulty breathing, low blood pressure, swelling of the tongue, eyes or face; stomach pain, nausea and vomiting; skin rashes, blisters, itching, inflammation, and pain; and in some cases death.
Trenton2018/01/22 21:51I hate shopping <a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/san-bulgarian-tribulus-terrestris-extract.html ">tribulus terrestris online india</a> "Just because we have the drugs we haven't shown anythingabout their effectiveness so we have to do these initial studiesbefore it would be appropriate to release them on any kind ofbroader scale," he said.
<a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/testify-lyrics-rage-against-the-machine.html#tribute ">youtube avalon testify to love lyrics</a> Researchers from the University of Edinburgh in collaboration with researchers in Australia and the US studied chemical changes to DNA to establish an individual's biological age which they compared with their actual age, the Mirror reported Friday.
Sheldon2018/01/22 22:50Directory enquiries <a href=" http://www.international-hair.com/en/disulfiram-antabuse-uk.html ">how to get antabuse prescription</a> This is a homeless and housing crisis which is now developing into a serious child welfare crisis and it cannot continue
Wilford2018/01/22 22:50Could you give me some smaller notes? <a href=" http://casquestudiobeatsfr.com/valium-legal-in-india.htm ">notice medicament valium</a> (Amusingly enough, Microsoft originally moved the address bar in-line with the tabs to reduce the amount ofvertical pixels wasted by the browser UI — so it would be a bit of a regression to have tabs on their own row, starting in the top left corner of the window.)
Nathan2018/01/22 22:50Have you read any good books lately? <a href=" http://www.international-hair.com/en/tobramycin-and-dexamethasone-used-to-treat.html ">dexamethasone uses in surgery</a> For some Ukrainians the turmoil stoked by the Russian-backedinsurgents is the final straw in a wider disenchantment with theday-to-day reality of corrupt elites, economic collapse andviolence that has followed the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Heyjew2018/01/22 22:50I don't like pubs <a href=" http://africanmangosupreme.com/where-to-buy-ethinyl-estradiol/#loose ">estrace pills online</a> What is the MTA’s policy on fare hikes? “I couldn’t tell you, because I’m not on the MTA board and I’m not familiar with everything that they do.” (Answer: Biennial, inflation-based raises.)
Horacio2018/01/22 23:48We work together <a href=" http://muslimsingle.org/fujifilm-astalift-jelly-aquarysta-review#distinguish ">buy astalift jelly aquarysta</a> Although Netanyahu is still seen by the public as the candidate more suitable to be prime minister, based on his image as the “responsible adult” running the country, the gap between him and his main rival, Isaac Herzog, is closing, according to recent opinion polls.
<a href=" http://ankaraestetik.com/en/xanax-vs-valium-high.html ">jack london valium suit</a> “If you look at it through another lens, it has made more people aware of the NFL
Frances2018/01/22 23:48About a year <a href=" http://evesgardenessentials.com/codeine-en-valium/ ">all natural valium</a> He gets everyone going, he encourages us and he's not scared to tell you when you are doing wrong, which is nice.
</a> Lest you think that the “chickenshit” comment was an exception rather than the rule in Obamaworld, Atlantic magazine journalist Jeffrey Goldberg recounted a list of pejorative descriptions of Netanyahu that he had heard over the years: “recalcitrant, myopic, reactionary, obtuse, blustering, pompous and ”Aspergery.’ ”
<a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/hcg-injections-diet-recipes/#peeks ">hcg injections weight loss results</a> Despite or even because of years of controversy, however, Top Gear has become one of the BBC's most successful and lucrative programs
Crazyfrog2018/01/22 23:48Will I get paid for overtime? <a href=" http://cashbackaffiliates.com/topical-phenergan-dosage/ ">is phenergan safe during pregnancy 2015
</a> The Chinese committee warns the MPs to "act with caution on the issue of Hong Kong, bear in mind the larger picture of China-UK relations and Hong Kong's prosperity and stability, stop interfering in Hong Kong's affairs and cancel the inquiry on UK-Hong Kong relations".
</a> NEWS ITEM — A Utah woman says she has smashed the world record for catching bridal bouquets at weddings and now is seeking recognition for it
Parker2018/01/23 00:46Until August <a href=" http://ankaraestetik.com/en/how-does-valium-compared-to-xanax.html#secret ">ambien valium online</a> In fact, only one member of the audience went wild - a woman who stood up and shouted about a lack of housing for former members of the armed forces
<a href=" http://casquestudiobeatsfr.com/valium-or-xanax-for-flying.htm#romance ">different names of valium</a> “However, the association is plausible because stress might cause release of stress-related hormones, which in turn affect the metabolic, immunological and cardiovascular systems,” she said
Jasper2018/01/23 00:46Other amount <a href=" http://creatica.ro/effects-of-valium-20-mg#doing ">que es el medicamento valium</a> On the issue of genetically modified foods, 88% of scientists believe they are safe - a view supported by only 37% of the US public.
Dallas2018/01/23 01:45I'd like to speak to someone about a mortgage <a href=" http://www.javanux.com/aricept-purchase.html ">how much does donepezil cost</a> But the disorder hits those afflicted generally around age 15, and important phase in a person’s life, and can last for some 13 years before it fades away, neurologist Guy Leschziner told the outlet.
<a href=" http://evesgardenessentials.com/valium-and-dormicum/ ">better to eat or snort valium</a> John’s, including four 3-pointers, two within the final two minutes to get the Storm within 69-66
Kelvin2018/01/23 01:45I'm self-employed <a href=" http://www.javanux.com/avodart-drug-side-effects.html#capacious ">avodart generic price</a> "You basically have two choices: You can hang your head and kind of dwell on it or you can do everything you can to get him the right care and get him back."
<a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/where-to-buy-glutafit-in-philippines.html#advertising ">glutafit review</a> We are actively defending the officer involved in the shooting," said Jeff Roorda, business manager of the St
Leigh2018/01/23 01:45How many are there in a book? <a href=" http://www.atarioyunlari.org/over-the-counter-avodart.html#prison ">dutasteride vs tamsulosin</a> MPs were asked to approve a change to regulations authorising the introduction of plain packaging for cigarettes in England
Johnson2018/01/23 02:42We've got a joint account <a href=" http://ankaraestetik.com/en/round-white-valium.html ">taking ibuprofen with valium</a> Retailers are also hungry to get shoppers into stores after what has largely been a tepid year for the industry
<a href=" http://www.javanux.com/bula-cataflam-comprimido-50-mg.html ">cataflam tablets side effects</a> Headline trade data showed China's exports rose more thanforecast in August while imports unexpectedly fell, pushing thetrade surplus to a record high for the second consecutive monthand underlining the challenges facing policymakers as theystruggle to revive tepid domestic demand.
Jamie2018/01/23 02:42I'm doing an internship <a href=" http://creatica.ro/can-you-mix-valium-and-opiates#freeman ">valium 250mg</a> "We want our customers to have the ability to watch content on the screen of their choice and the location of their choice," said Cox Communications CEO Patrick Esser
Emmitt2018/01/23 02:43Who's calling? <a href=" http://casquestudiobeatsfr.com/how-much-valium-will-cause-overdose.htm#mulberry ">valium intake</a> Should the coming winter be mild and wet, as expected, gasstocks would last longer due to low demand and water levels tofeed hydropower plants in the Nordic and Alpine regions would befuller due to rainfall.
</a> "We went to the deck where there were life boats, but at some point we felt the floor burning and we went higher up to the heliport," Rania Fireou told Greek television by phone before the airlifts began.
Jane2018/01/23 03:39Where do you come from? <a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/purchase-zolpidem-tartrate-10-mg-tablet.html ">purchase zolpidem tartrate 10 mg tablet</a> The simple mention of that fact caused Rex Ryan to instinctively knock on the wood of his podium at his press conference Monday.
Elizabeth2018/01/23 03:40I support Manchester United <a href=" http://heavenue.ro/para-que-sirve-el-medicamento-enalapril-20-mg/ ">vasotec price</a> Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho claimed the Gunners remained in the title race after seeing his side draw 1-1 with Southampton at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
</a> Instead it seems that Alderson at some point became more cautious about the idea of trading the likes of Noah Syndergaard, the type of high-end arm that other teams want if they’re giving up an impact hitter.
<a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/pure-hgh-and-testo-limit-xl-for-sale/ ">pure hgh and testo limit xl for sale</a> We are huge fans on the Fashion Finder desk of classic style, whether that's in the form of the little black dress, simple pointed courts or a pleated maxi dress like Pippa's, we think simple and sophisticated is often the best way to go, especially for posh dos such as this
Kendall2018/01/23 04:36I'd like to order some foreign currency <a href=" http://evesgardenessentials.com/robaxin-and-valium-together/#grandchildren ">20 mg valium vs 2mg xanax</a> Regardless, the larger point is that if this is Cashman’s thinking, it suggests a much quieter offseason for the Yankees than a year ago, when they committed $438 million in guaranteed contracts to McCann, Beltran, Jacoby Ellsbury and Masahiro Tanaka.
<a href=" http://creatica.ro/valium-prescribed-by-dentist#advise ">valium nyquil interaction</a> One source familiar with the matter said merger talksbetween the two have come and gone over the last five years
<a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/avanafil-generic.html#infinitely ">buy avanafil uk</a> The greenback has gained steadily against a basket of major currencies .DXY for months, rising about 16 percent as of the end of June.
Damion2018/01/23 04:36I'm doing a masters in law <a href=" http://casquestudiobeatsfr.com/is-clonazepam-the-same-thing-as-valium.htm#overflow ">can you buy valium over the counter in cambodia</a> I won't let the plane go", I dared not object toher, the owner's daughter," Park Chang-jin, the chief steward,told state-run TV network KBS late on Friday, ending days ofsilence.
Rickey2018/01/23 04:36When do you want me to start? <a href=" http://muslimsingle.org/maxgenics-vidur-amazon ">maxgenics vidur reviews</a> A U.S.-backed military offensive and expanded intelligencework that began in 2000 helped push the groups deeper intojungle and mountain terrain, damaging communication networks andmaking it more difficult to launch large-scale attacks.
<a href=" http://ankaraestetik.com/en/recommended-dose-of-valium-for-anxiety.html#grimly ">is valium a narcotic drug</a> If I'd been really smart I would have got the spare bass out, as it wasn't as good as the one I smashed up
Brady2018/01/23 04:36I read a lot <a href=" http://heavenue.ro/trazodone-hcl-50-mg-used-for/ ">trazodone prescription</a> Another feature of the app is an emergency text message that the user can send with one touch to a family member or friend if they feel that a seizure is about to happen or in the immediate aftermath, when they may be confused, exhausted or in need of help.
Benny2018/01/23 05:32It's a bad line <a href=" http://ankaraestetik.com/en/clinical-indications-for-modafinil.html#governor ">can modafinil snorted</a> One of the reasons given for the Charlie attackers escaping police monitoring is that with fighters returning from Syria or Iraq there are simply too many potentially dangerous French Muslims for the police and security services to keep track of.
<a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/la-creme-de-la-creme-film-online-sa-prevodom.html#guided ">la creme main chanel</a> But witnesses to the awards ceremony noted that Woods was not present for the ceremony, spending the interlude in a tent near the finish line of the course, secluded from the photographers who had already noted his presence
Darin2018/01/23 05:32Lost credit card <a href=" http://creatica.ro/wann-wird-valium-verschrieben ">can valium have the opposite effect</a> Talking wistfully about the 18th Century, when chocolate houses were all the rage in London, Mr Thirlwell admits that his fantasy is to "make cocoa the hero" again - educating people to recognise and appreciate the higher cocoa content in the chocolate Hotel Chocolat produces compared to some of the best-known brands.
Emmanuel2018/01/23 05:32I'm sorry, she's <a href=" http://africanmangosupreme.com/depakote-drug-category/ ">depakote dose for dementia</a> The fish insulin was not found in five species of cone snails that attack fish with a harpoon like organ
Jarrod2018/01/23 05:33It's OK <a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/where-to-buy-vigrx-plus-in-india/#sticky ">vigrx plus capsule price in india</a> Women that they're pointing out include Helen Clark, former New Zealand prime minister and the head of the U.N
<a href=" http://creatica.ro/hawkwind-valium-ten#waste ">una embarazada puede tomar valium</a> Given that young people vote differently, what would happen if more of them voted? Let's say that instead of the 52 per cent turnout they registered in 2010, young Britons had a turnout of 75 per cent, the same as pensioners
Enoch2018/01/23 05:33Hold the line, please <a href=" http://www.komikvideolar.org/xanax-valium-mgs.html ">can you take valium while being pregnant</a> Distributors want more rights to air shows over a variety of services but there is also more pressure to monetize programming.
Reginald2018/01/23 06:41Gloomy tales <a href=" http://casquestudiobeatsfr.com/can-you-mix-valium-and-antidepressants.htm#triumphal ">xanax vs valium effects</a> The posthumous award for the Delafield, Wisconsin, native "is a reminder that no matter how long it takes, it is never too late to do the right thing," Obama told a White House ceremony attended by more than two dozen of Cushing's relatives.
Cyrus2018/01/23 06:42I'm at Liverpool University <a href=" http://www.international-hair.com/en/antabuse-implant-uk-nhs.html#enquired ">antabuse implant uk nhs</a> "The debate over corporate spending will increase,especially in Europe, where there is more of an attempt tobalance both government and the private sector," said MartinSchulz, portfolio manager at Cleveland, Ohio-based PVC CapitalAdvisors.
<a href=" http://www.komikvideolar.org/what-is-a-high-dosage-of-valium.html#droop ">valium good for you</a> The blonde haired beauty channelled her inner goddess in a turquoise blue lace midi dress which showcased her svelte figure to the max, topping off the classy look with a pair of peep toe nude stilettos
Caleb2018/01/23 06:42Canada>Canada <a href=" http://cashbackaffiliates.com/what-is-the-medication-zyvox-used-for/#hedgehog ">linezolid iv posologia</a> “You had parents talking to one another and saying it was a good movie for kids and that’s enough for something to be successful,” said Phil Contrino, vice president and analyst with BoxOffice.com
Columbus2018/01/23 06:42What's your number? <a href=" http://www.atarioyunlari.org/buy-sildenafil-citrate-100mg-canada.html#cracked ">caverta 50 price india</a> Report co-author Elizabeth Sowell said: "The most important point we want to convey is not, 'If you are poor, your brain will be smaller, and there is nothing that can be done about it' - that is absolutely not the message.
<a href=" http://africanmangosupreme.com/hyzaar-medscape/ ">losartan generic and trade name</a> On Thursday, police set up a special unit to investigate Kudo-kai's activities and at least 30 attacks on local companies and individuals in northern Kyushu, including incidents involving hand grenades.
Brian2018/01/23 07:38Where do you study? <a href=" http://heavenue.ro/zofran-dosage-pregnancy/#lizzie ">zofran nursing implications</a> Thedollar index was trading up 0.36 percent at 90.093, itshighest since April 2006.
Brendon2018/01/23 07:39Looking for a job <a href=" http://ankaraestetik.com/en/can-i-take-valium-with-ibuprofen.html ">dangers of expired valium</a> Macerich shares fell 5.5 percent to $79.67 on Wednesday, below what they were trading at before Simon Property made its first offer of $91 per share in March, suggesting Macerich faces an uphill task of convincing investors it did the right thing by walking away.
<a href=" http://cashbackaffiliates.com/nizoral-shampoo-2-buy-online/ ">ketoconazole dosage tinea versicolor</a> Beijing responded with a flurry of stimulus measures that pushed the pace up slightly to 7.5 percent in the second quarter, but soft July and August data suggest the boost from those steps is rapidly waning.
Willard2018/01/23 07:39We'd like to offer you the job <a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/fitmiss-tone-and-burn-reviews/ ">fitmiss tone ingredients</a> Additional training has been provided to all maternity staff and additional senior supervision is being provided to both medical and midwifery staff
Jamison2018/01/23 07:39Could you ask him to call me? <a href=" http://www.javanux.com/anafranil-more-anxiety.html#resemble ">function of anafranil tablets</a> Forecasters say that a pattern of ridges of high pressure – associated with calmer, sunnier weather – following periods of low pressure bringing more unsettled spells, towards the British Isles will be repeated over the course of the next few weeks.
<a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/unjury-vitamins/#impatiently ">unjury chicken soup protein container</a> Typically, when the state has hiked the minimum wage, it has also lifted the sub-minimum proportionately
Vernon2018/01/23 08:35I've got a very weak signal <a href=" http://evesgardenessentials.com/death-by-valium-and-alcohol/ ">can i take valium with omeprazole</a> Spirit's board says it may recommend the offer once a few details have been ironed out.
Carol2018/01/23 08:35Very funny pictures <a href=" http://cashbackaffiliates.com/zofran-side-effects-pregnancy-constipation/#particles ">can you take iv ondansetron orally</a> And for those of us inner-city folk who prefer to eat after a show, restaurants in the West End also have a beastly habit of winding down at 10pm, so your chances of a post-theatre supper dwindle as the clock ticks on.
</a> The five major Dublin public voluntary hospitals have failed to comply with a HIQA recommendation that they should hold their board meetings in public, two years after the health safety watchdog told them they should do so.
Teddy2018/01/23 08:35Have you got a current driving licence? <a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/hydroxycut-black-onyx-max.html ">where to buy hydroxycut black</a> The Trust said its survey showed that “around two fifths of respondents said they leave their games consoles on standby when not in use rather than turning them off, using up to 30 a year in electricity, or more if they have multiple consoles”.
Roberto2018/01/23 09:32No, I'm not particularly sporty <a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/buy-proactol-ireland.html#kid ">proactol xs side effects</a> Make no mistake: These Giants remain loaded with flaws, from the offensive line that keeps getting shakier to an underwhelming ”D’ to the inconsistent offense
Jayden2018/01/23 09:32Incorrect PIN <a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/lindora-clinic-fullerton-ca.html#riddle ">lindora food nutrition facts</a> Gross himself was very canny about self-promotion, being both a fixture on financial television and a frequent and entertaining writer
<a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/prostate-revive-free-trial/ ">order prostate revived</a> However a group of investors led by carmaker Fiat Chrysler and investment bank Mediobanca are likely towin the majority of the board seats, leading to the confirmationof CEO Pietro Scott Jovane
Jada2018/01/23 09:32How many days will it take for the cheque to clear? <a href=" http://www.komikvideolar.org/modafinil-provigil-cena.html ">provigil generic competition</a> Revis might already be a Hall of Famer, but another ring would strengthen his case
<a href=" http://muslimsingle.org/shakeology-shake-instructions ">shakeology shake with greek yogurt</a> She's just so cool and gorgeous and talented that it's hard not to fall for her charms over and over again
Kaitlyn2018/01/23 09:32How many weeks' holiday a year are there? <a href=" http://muslimsingle.org/peruvian-brew-online-coupon-codes ">buy peruvian brew</a> The content and tone of the Pope’s sermon made it clear he wants to reprise his role of A-Rod’s designated interviewer/pro bono attorney in the next exclusive one-on-one
<a href=" http://creatica.ro/valium-suppliers-uk ">valium 5 side effects</a> "You just try to do the best you can for the defense You're trying to give them a look and, at the same time, perfect your craft."
Roger2018/01/23 09:32Where's the nearest cash machine? <a href=" http://evesgardenessentials.com/does-valium-make-you-tired-the-next-day/ ">how long for 10mg valium to wear off</a> Others participating include auto suppliers Delphi Automotive Plc, Denso Corp and Robert Bosch GmbH [ROBG.UL], as well telecommunications group Verizon Communications Inc, printer and copier maker Xerox Corp and insurer State Farm, the university said.
Jenna2018/01/23 10:29Cool site goodluck :) <a href=" http://evesgardenessentials.com/effects-of-valium-on-a-dog/ ">can valium be taken with vicodin</a> Japan similarly adopted American-style democracy after World War II and literally rose from the ashes (Hiroshima, Nagasaki and the often-overlooked incineration of Tokyo) to become so substantial an economic power that China supplanted it as No
<a href=" http://cinemu.com/en/herbal-v-blue-flaster-komentari/#peculiarities ">herbal v blue tablete srbija</a> Musalam's father, Said, told The Associated Press shortly after the video's release that he had not seen it yet
Sophie2018/01/23 10:29Did you go to university? <a href=" http://www.atarioyunlari.org/para-que-sirve-levofloxacino-500-mg.html#flood ">is levaquin good for a urinary tract infection</a> "This report — along with the voices of Americans protesting around the country this week — is a wake-up call for police who think they can act with impunity," said Jamil Dakwar of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), who attended the review.
Lily2018/01/23 10:30A pension scheme <a href=" http://casquestudiobeatsfr.com/tramadol-online-saturday-delivery.htm#accept ">ultram withdrawal</a> This is the difference between the amount of goods, services and payments the UK sends to the rest of the world and the amount coming in
<a href=" http://ankaraestetik.com/en/valium-deep-sleep.html#shut ">can you get addicted to valium in a week</a> In the more interesting first half, the audience is split into three groups and seated in separate rooms — private except for a window that looks into a central area as a half-hour conversation goes on.
Kenny2018/01/23 11:27Could I order a new chequebook, please? <a href=" http://heavenue.ro/prednisone-taper-schedule-eczema/ ">is prednisone used to treat allergies</a> Hiring her puts the family's philanthropy in the hands of a trusted ally at a time when Hillary Clinton, who oversees the foundation alongside Bill Clinton and their daughter, Chelsea, is mulling a run for president as a Democrat in 2016.
<a href=" http://muslimsingle.org/hcg-1234-reviews ">hcg 1234 diet plan menu</a> Comcast is mostly losing video customers who only subscribeto cable, as opposed to “Triple Play” customers who buy phone,data and cable in a bundled package
Lauren2018/01/23 11:27How do you do? <a href=" http://casquestudiobeatsfr.com/can-you-take-xanax-valium-together.htm#crest ">can you take xanax valium together</a> “We’ll have that discussion (Friday) and decide which game I should play (this weekend).”
Jennifer2018/01/23 11:27An estate agents <a href=" http://casquestudiobeatsfr.com/xanax-valium-sale.htm ">buy xanax with echeck</a> A&E, which is jointly owned by Walt Disney Co andmedia group Hearst Corp, is investing $250 million in ViceMedia, which started as a Canadian magazine and has balloonedinto a multimedia conglomerate known for producing edgy videosand news reports.
<a href=" http://creatica.ro/purchase-fioricet-online ">order fioricet no prescription</a> The discussions, at a private dinner when Zuckerberg visited Beijing in October, were never formalized, three of those people said, as the two CEOs weighed the political and commercial implications of Facebook - which has been banned in China since 2009 - buying into the Chinese tech star now valued at $45 billion.
Roderick2018/01/23 11:27What part of do you come from? <a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/bioderma-sebium-gel-moussant-online.html#hesitation ">bioderma sebium gel moussant 100ml</a> More recently, a man pleaded guilty to charges of running into the White House in September armed with a knife before being tackled, a security breach that helped lead to a shake-up in the U.S
<a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/buy-derm-exclusive.html ">can i buy derm exclusive in stores</a> It also emerged that a senior Metropolitan Police officer appointed last year to head a national group overseeing undercover work has moved from the role since the HMIC’s findings began to emerge.
Julius2018/01/23 12:24We'll need to take up references <a href=" http://www.international-hair.com/en/prednisone-taper-dose-asthma.html ">prednisone dose for asthma</a> She responds that the VAT exemption is not unusual and that it is enjoyed by every single Universal Service Obligation provider.
<a href=" http://creatica.ro/valium-makes-you-sleepy ">human valium urban dictionary</a> The Mets were never a factor in the pennant race and his mere presence in the lineup hurt them more than it helped
Dwain2018/01/23 12:24I've got a full-time job <a href=" http://cashbackaffiliates.com/cost-of-vasotec-without-insurance/ ">purchase vasotec 20mg online</a> "I was waiting outside yesterday for the train with my 2-year-old daughter for about 40 minutes in the freezing cold," Jack's wife, Essense, chimed in
Lucio2018/01/23 12:24Not available at the moment <a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/purchase-elite-test-360.html#adept ">where is elite test 360 sold</a> I'm disgusted by the way Catholics who know better have sliced and diced his words," said William Donohue, president of the Catholic League
Donte2018/01/23 12:24Could I have , please? <a href=" http://www.komikvideolar.org/valium-insomnia-dosage.html ">valium insomnia dosage</a> Racing against the clock, scientists activated a series of automated experiments, the first to be conducted from the surface of a comet.
<a href=" http://heavenue.ro/periactin-off-label-uses/ ">periactin 4 mg tablet</a> You won't be related to me, you may be grateful to me, but you will have DNA from a third person circulating in your body."
Santos2018/01/23 13:22Have you got any qualifications? <a href=" http://www.international-hair.com/en/sporanox-dose-for-toenail-fungus.html ">sporanox quanto costa</a> Since taking charge in 2008, Godane has restyled the group as a global player in the al Qaeda franchise - a transformation that was highlighted when it killed at least 67 people in an attack on a Kenyan shopping mall in September last year.
<a href=" http://www.cizgifilmizle.org/kamni-capsule-review.html#sleepy ">kamni capsule review</a> He argues there is enough evidence to say that continued deforestation in the Amazon and the almost complete disappearance of the Atlantic forest has drastically altered the climate.
Behappy2018/01/23 13:22I'd like , please <a href=" http://africanmangosupreme.com/what-is-the-usual-dosage-of-depakote/#reside ">what is the drug classification for depakote</a> Current law only includes up to a gross misdemeanor penalty for poaching and license revocations of up to only five years.
Foster2018/01/23 13:22I was made redundant two months ago <a href=" http://evesgardenessentials.com/modafinil-prescription-drug/ ">provigil online
</a> “Every year for the high school tournament, a number of local media outlets run an all-hair team,” Eigner, whose championship capped a 31-0 season, told the Daily News
<a href=" http://africanmangosupreme.com/robaxin-750-half-life/#remainder ">can you get high on robaxin muscle relaxant</a> The PRSI scheme used to allow taxpayers to receive subsidies towards certain dental work, such as fillings
Rigoberto2018/01/23 14:22In a meeting <a href=" http://evesgardenessentials.com/valium-ontwenningsverschijnselen/#vertically ">tension headache treatment valium</a> A spate of upsets on the women's side have left Williams as the only one of the top nine seeds still playing, but the top seed said Makarova, China's unseeded Peng Shuai and 10th seed Caroline Wozniacki were well deserving semi-finalists.
Wilbur2018/01/23 14:22Remove card <a href=" http://www.komikvideolar.org/provigil-sales-2010.html ">modafinil tumblr</a> "International evacuation of patients with Ebola or otherviral haemorrhagic fevers is highly complex, and may not beachievable," said the statement, which a spokesman said hadfirst been issued some weeks ago.
Right. Im like I see whats going on here. ROSE EVELETH: He recognized a Kelly Sun is probably the most dangerous advantage player in the nose-bleed seats. Report as inappropriate No words to describe the show.
Collage etnolingüístico en la poesía mapuche2015Independent thesis Basic level (degree of Bachelor), 10 poäng / 15 hpOppgave
For this purpose we will analyze three poems written by the Chilean Mapuche poets in order to have the proper overview of their lyrical poetry. Those poems are “Huida”, by Maribel Mora Curriao, “Quila” from Pedro Alonzo Retamal, and “Desde aquí” from the poet Jaqueline Caniguán. On the other hand we will also inquire into other papers of several researchers that have studied the ethno-literature, such as Iván and Hugo Carrasco Muñoz and the paper written by the researcher Maria Ester Greve in order to support our investigation.
Key words: ethnolinguistic collage, Maribel Mora Curriao, Pedro Alonzo Retamal, Jaqueline Caniguán, Mapuche poetry, world view, Mapuche religiosity.
This paper is a study of the use of the prepositions to/with after the verb to talk in British and American English. The research is based on the material from the COBUILDDirect corpus, Longman American Spoken Corpus and New York Times CD-ROM. The common and different features of the use of talk to/with in different genres of American and British English as well as in written and spoken English were studied; special attention was paid to the factors which influence the choice of the prepositions. The research has shown that generally talk with is used much less than talk to and probably is undergoing the process of narrowing of meaning. With after talk seems to be used most often to refer to two-way communication while talk to is used to refer to both one- and two-way communication and is, therefore, more universal than talk with.
Stockholms universitet, Humanistiska fakulteten, Institutionen för Asien-, Mellanöstern- och Turkietstudier, Avdelningen för japanska.
you taste so good delivers chicken to in peyton manning parm eating gif,peyton manning chicken parm gif teammate asks him if his tastes good recipe commercial you taste so,chicken you taste so good broncos manning peyton parm commercial gif,chicken you taste oh so good manning yelp peyton eating parm meme,peyton manning chicken parm meme recipe today at noon in honor of were sharing a for gif,manning fist pump peyton chicken parm meme you taste so good commercial,peyton manning chicken parm gif meme eating the top best blogs on, peyton manning chicken parm recipe you taste so good song,peyton manning chicken parm you taste so good recipe eating,peyton manning chicken parm recipe meme you taste so good know your.
Please read our General Disclaimer & Warning carefully. Use of this Website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Website Use.
Have you ever envied celebs for their great sense of style and the bank account to achieve it? I was green with envy for Eva Longoria’s ravishing romper and decided to steal her style! Watch the video to find out how.
Ciara is a beauty and lifestyle blogger with an enthusiasm for fashion and eclectic style. She also serves as the BHM.tv host bringing you hot new videos on fashion, beauty, hair, and the hottest events. Follow her "Fashion Fix" section here on BHM for fashion tutorials, tricks, tips, outfit of the days, and more.
BlackHairMedia was started out of a deep love for Black Hair and the need for sharing information about Black hair and beauty and issues related to Black women. We believe Black women should have an online social environment in which to discuss and share ideas about the best practices for hair, beauty, and skin care, as well as utilize the site as a resource for finding information on these topics.
Edwin Buggage Proposed Amendment No. 2 As the citizens of New Orleans head to the polls on November 6th the weight of history hangs in the balance. Unlike other elections this one goes beyond voting for those who would hold various elected offi...
By Edwin Buggage Mayor Ben Zahn Causes Uproar over Nike Ad Featuring Colin Kaepernick Kenner Mayor Ben Zahn in a memo dated Sept. 5, 2018 ordered a barring of Nike purchases for booster clubs as a reaction to a recent Nike Ad featuring former S...
By Samjah Iman After making a bold decision to hire Colin Kaepernick as one of the faces of their brand last week, Nike evoked a celebration across the nation. People young and old were virtually high-fiving each other on social media and singi...
NEW ORLEANS – The City of New Orleans and New Orleans Police Department (NOPD) today announced the deadline for open enrollment for Police Community Advisory Board (PCAB) membership. Open enrollment will officially end on Saturday, Sept. 8, 20...
Miss America Nia Franklin by Stacy BrownThe genius, intelligence, beauty and spirit of Black women, which continues to transform the world, shined brightly again Sunday as Nia Franklin became the first Miss America in the post-swimsuit era. “It too...
BOSTON (AP) — Ayanna Pressley is all but assured of becoming the first black woman elected to Congress from Massachusetts, the latest example of the Democratic Party’s embrace of diversity and liberal politics as the recipe for success in the Trump...
By Eric L. Wesson Sr. CALL Staff Writer Area clergy joined community leaders, the developer of the Linwood Shopping center and the owner of the new Sun Fresh Supermarket located on 31sth and Prospect as they rallied after a gunman opened fire in th...
By Edwin Buggage The Importance of Voting and Civic Engagement Making Informed Decisions The election for various seats and Constitutional Amendments are on the ballot Nov. 6, 2018. Data News Weekly in remaining true to our motto as “The People...
By Lauren Victoria Burke Wildly outspent by a billionaire challenger and the daughter of a former Florida Governor, Tallahassee Mayor Andrew Gillum, 39, shocked the political establishment to win the gubernatorial primary in Florida on August 2...
By Eric Bradner and Dan Merica, CNN (CNN) — On a night when Arizona’s Republican U.S. Senate primary was expected to command most of the attention, a stunning upset victory in Florida’s Democratic governor’s race stole the show. Democrats chose the...
By Eric L. Wesson Sr. CALL Staff Writer Prisoners in about 20 state and county prisons are on strike as they press for better treatment and rehabilitation services in many facilities. Some of the locations include: Seattle; Portland, Oregon; Sacrame...
By Samjah Iman Abandoned houses, tenantless fields, neglected businesses, and the look of timeworn agony etched on some of the native’s faces are just a few indications that Hurricane Katrina left more than a small mark on this City. Many of th...
By Edwin Buggage Photos by Glenn Summers Greater Glam and the True Definition of Beauty For several decades Greater St. Stephen Ministries has been a place where spirits are fed on a consistent basis. The focus of this groundbreaking church has...
BLACK SEA (Aug. 13, 2018) Gunner’s Mate 3rd Class Karen Handy, from New Orleans, stands watch on the starboard bridge wing of the Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer USS Carney (DDG 64) Aug. 13, 2018. Carney, forward-deployed to Rota,...
By Stacy M. Brown Popular music’s most powerful couple continue to make power moves. Hip-hop superstar Jay Z and his wife, Beyoncé, have announced a new scholarship program that will award 10 scholarships worth $100,000 each to “exceptional” hi...
It may not always be good news, yet it is our news, in our voices with our narratives and perspective
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding ©, v. 11.1.2, written by Darrin Lythgoe 2001-2018.
I love salads, particularly when they are doused in delicious dressing. I generally eat very little meat and pretty much always go for a veggie option when eating out. I am, however, partial to crispy bacon and the (very occasional) burgers at ‘Chosen Bun‘ in Fulham Broadway. They are ridiculously delicious – and as for their ‘Moonshakes’…
Back to the healthier stuff. My favourite salad dressing is by far any of the ‘Righteous‘ range. A buffalo mozzarella, cherry tomato and avocado salad with some of their Ginger and Toasted Sesame Seed dressing is completely heavenly.
Mstr L is very taken by the Poppy and Lemon Mustard Seed dressing and loves dunking cucumber and carrot sticks into a little pot of the stuff. Mstr M is still gagging away on lumpy food, so we have a way to go there.
The scrummy dressings are available at Tesco, Sainsbury’s, Waitrose, Whole Foods and Ocado. They are vegan friendly, GMO free and 100% natural. They have also brought out a delicious Pro-Heart oil which contains the highest level of Omega 3 and the lowest level of saturated fat, compared to other oils on the market – making it perfect for family cooking. Check out their inspirations page here for lovely meal ideas.
Talking of Whole Foods, a big shiny new one is opening in Fulham Broadway in the new year, and I am already a little excited. I have learnt my lesson though and will NEVER set foot in there on an empty stomach. Huge error.
I’m also rather excited about Labi Deli and Cafe reopening in Fulham after undergoing a makeover. What I love about this place, apart from their delicious coffee and food, is that there is a children’s play area! To be able to sit and relax, sipping a coffee while your child happily plays, is worth its weight in gold.
this picture has been posted by under growing zone 8a plants, climate zone 8a plants, gardening zone 8a plants tag. you are able to surf additional helpful articles in home interior category.
Hutterites living in Montana and Alberta, Canada are a communal branch of Anabaptists who, like the Amish and Mennonites, trace their roots to the Radical Reformation of the 16th century.
It's been very busy and tough last 6 months personally and I finally had a chance to organize the files to share with you guys. Unlike from U2, I was fully involved in Uncharted 3 from the pre-production and once again, it was a thrilling ride with awesome talents at Naughty Dog. On a side note, I left ND after U3 last year to join a team here at Marvel. Meaning, it'll be another long pause until the next update so hope you enjoy these for now. :)
It was a very pleasant surprise for sure. And it was pretty cool to see the piece hanging on the wall at E3 with other winning selections. Congratulations to other 16 winners at this year's Into The Pixel and hope you guys enjoy the large version of the piece here.
Sorry about lack of posts here... 2010 was a busy year which means I've got a few things to show but I need to get my hands on them first. :) Well, first of everything is a tutorial I did for Advanced Photoshop Magazine. I had to rush this because my hard drive got fried a few days prior to the deadline so I gave more love after I turned it in. Hope you guys enjoy and more coming soon. :)
Just wanted to share with you guys that the Art of God of War III book is now available for Pre-Order.
Once again, Daniel Wade and awesome folks at Ballistic Publishing did a fantastic job and the book is a BEAUTY!
It was a great experience working with the talented concept artists like Jung Park, Cecil Kim, Izzy Medrano, Andy Park, and Scott Seeto.
I only have a few pieces in the book but kudos to Stig(the game director) and awesome artists over at Sony Santa Monica!
I was contacted by a publisher to have one of my personal work used as a cover for their upcoming book by Walter Jon Williams.
3 years ago, I had an awesome opportunity to be part of the God of War III team and now I'm finally able to share my work with you guys. It was a year long of incredibly fun time working with the talented team at the Sony Santa Monica office. And the concept team of myself, Andy Park, Cecil Kim, Jung Park, Scott Seeto, and Izzy Medrano had blast working together creating so much fun characters and environments. Not to say it wasn't challenging at all but creating unknown world with infinite possibility was so new to me after working on modern war related games for so long upto that time.
The Art of Uncharted II book is finally arrived and available now. Awesome folks at Ballistic did a fantastic job putting the book together and the book is really awesome. It's definitely worth keeping a copy so go check it out here!
If you order a Special Edition or Limited Folio Edition of the book, you get 20 minutes worth of video recording of concepts by Robh Ruppel and myself. My portion has about 10 minutes of concepting this crossbow for Drake.
And here's a matte painting I did for the Fort level. It actually wasn't used in the game because I had too much details compared to what they already had in the game. :( But it was fun! :)
About a month ago, I was requested to do a speed painting demo for the Digital Artist magazine CD. The magazine and the CD was released recently, so here you go.
It was one of those last minute thing so I rushed a bit but luckily, it came out not so bad, I think.
It's about a week late post but the artists from Naughty Dog are having a gallery show at the Gnomon Gallery.
Before I joined the Uncharted II team, I worked on God of War III for a year at Sony Santa Monica and the game will be out soon this month. Once the game is out, I'll be able to share my work so check back soon.
For last 6 years, I've been doing event renderings for the ESPN Magazine for their Super Bowl After Party. This was done with my good friends at Event Eleven. This year, it was at Fontaine Bleau hotel in Florida. Here's the before & after shot for you guys.
Learn to create dynamic accompaniment parts in any setting with this ultimate guide for any guitarist who wants to go beyond playing the same patterns in song after song. Author Jeffrey Pepper Rodgers shares the secrets of effective accompaniment in any style. Through 20 easy-to-follow lessons, you'll learn to: deepen your grooves, discover new chord shapes and picking styles; explore alternate tunings and partial capos; and more. With this book and its downloadable video files, you will expand your toolkit and develop fresh and varied guitar parts to make songs shine!
Search of files related to newspaper swap that saw the closure of several Simcoe County publications.
Searches conducted by the Competition Bureau at the head offices of Postmedia and Torstar as a result of that swap of 41 newspapers between the two, then 36 were shut down, including the Orillia Packet and Times, the Barrie Examiner and the Collingwood Enterprise Bulletin.
Postmedia issued a statement saying it remains strongly of the view there has been no contravention of the Competition Act.
The Commissioner of Competition said there is no conclusion of wrongdoing and no charges have been laid.
The commissioner has one year from a transaction to launch a challenge with the Competition Tribunal.
Your popup blocker has blocked access to the CNN Video Player. To view your video, please launch CNN Video Player below.
You haven't any recently viewed goods. Just after viewing products element web pages or search engine results, seem below to find an uncomplicated solution to navigate back again to products you are interested in. Your Proposed Items
Another well-liked selection trending upwards will be the accent roof. A corrugated accent roof provides A different element to an usually boring asphalt or shake roof.
What may be referred to as the quintessential American panel, corrugated panels are dotting the landscape from the U.S. for 100 years. The easy rationale powering This really is their durability. The pure shape of a corrugated metal panel presents it a structural benefit over a Standing Seam or R Panel of exactly the same foundation material.
Perfect for a number of buildings which include pole barns devices storage stables garages sheds and houses this lightweight metal panel is easy to install to guard your financial commitment beautifully ... Far more + Product or service Details Near
When you've missed by a ways, take into consideration a fiberglass restore or rubber bracket and nut fixing. You should not try and fill the opening with silicone because it will never previous.
We can provide this panel in stainless steel, but we'd usually stock this in either a plain galvalume material or perhaps the aluminum mill finish, with The sleek or stucco-embossed corrugated roofing canada finish. We also spec. this panel with a large number of our perforated & corrugated panel check my source requests. We could also quote this material in the painted finish as well. Make sure you connect with Corrugated Metal with your inquiry and our knowledgeable personnel will a lot more then delighted that will help you with your order, or material quotation.
Corrugated plastic sheets are available in many strengths and colours relying on your application and finances. These range anyplace from cost-effective agricultural grade panels to extra solid, woven roving reinforced industrial quality panels where by toughness and effects resistance are very important.
Plastic roof sheets are available in polycarbonate, acrylic, polystyrene, PVC and GRP way too as plastic sheet roofing is one of the most common and popular procedures of making a cost-effective roof.
ePlastics® provides significant-duty business grade fiberglass sheets that are available in possibly flat or corrugated.
Without the purlins, the roof panels would sit specifically on the present roof, you'd probably get moisture building up under the roof panels.
We could offer this panel in stainless steel, but we might generally inventory in either a basic galvalume material or perhaps the aluminum mill end, with The graceful or stucco-embossed complete. We also spec. this panel with numerous our perforated & panel requests. We may also estimate this material in a painted end too. Make sure you phone Corrugated see here Metal with your inquiry and our knowledgeable staff will a lot more then satisfied that will help you with your get, or material quotation.
You at this time haven't any proposed things. Browse a number of far more objects to give us an idea of what you want.
Corrugated roofing sheets are well known for use commercially, agriculturally and industrially because of the enhanced strength the corrugated composition will provide. The sheet is specified rigidity and toughness from the ‘wavy’ sheet with distinct profiles providing diverse depth and width in between corrugations.
We were watching "The Bachelorette". I knew we would lose Peter. He got up, picked up his book, and headed to the bedroom. "If it's one thing I can't stand, it's men beha
Peter's birthday. I'd been working on a party for Peter for about a week. When I talked to Bailey, she gave me some sobering news. "You can try to surprise him and throw him a big bash
I woke up with Peter's morning wood pressed against my lower back. I lay there and thought about what to do with it. I'd been spending a lot of time thinking lately. Introspection was good,
As I write this, I know that people think we have this open, sexually permissive atmosphere in our home. Yes, I happen to live with my husband and two other women. Yes, sometimes we invite other wom
It was just Liz and I. Stacy and Peter had gone away for the weekend. Jill was on vacation with her daughter. We had spent the morning cleaning the house. I had made us a couple of turkey sandwich
We were back on our rotation. It was my turn to take Peter away for the weekend, and we were headed back to Omaha. Peter was waiting as I pulled up to the curb. "Need a ride, fella?", I s
I woke up in Peter's bed. He wasn't there. My heart started to pound. What if he'd left me here? Then I realized that he would never do that, and that I had Bailey's blessing. I c
I got up, went to the shower, turned it on. I put my hair up while the water got hot. Peter came in, put his arms around me, kissed my neck. I leaned back against his body, nuzzled him. He followe
Because of the short week last week due to the 4th of July holiday, Peter had asked the girls if they would mind delaying their trip to Minneapolis one week. So, Bailey, Stacy, Liz and Jill were not
"Where the fuck did you get latex boots?", Peter said. "Excuse me?", Bailey said. We were sitting at the kitchen table. Dinner was over, and we were sitting around discussing ou
It was the last business day of the month and quarter. Peter had been stressed all week, and I, for one, was glad everyone was staying home this weekend. Next weekend was our girls weekend in Minnea
It was late afternoon by the time we got home. We had spent the weekend alternating between making love and fucking. I was sore. I had let Peter use every hole I had, and for the first time in a ve
I picked Peter up at noon. I have a reputation for being perpetually late. Today, I was right on time. It had rained most of the week--a lot of rain. The rivers were swollen and there were reports
"Are you pissed at me?", Peter said. "Pissed at you?", I said. "What the fuck are you talking about?" "We haven't fooled around all week", he said. &quo
Bailey, Liz and I were sitting at the kitchen table, waiting for Peter to get home. It was God-awful hot, 97 degrees, and I knew Peter would grill some grass-fed burgers I'd picked up at the stor
I woke up with Peter's face between my legs. I lay on my back, pretending to be asleep. I wanted this to last as long as I could. I could feel his tongue flicking across my clit, then inside me
After our nap, I headed to the shower. It wasn't long before Peter joined me. I loved showering with another person, although usually it was Bailey and Stacy. I liked exploring with the soap, t
It was noon when I picked Peter up from the office. It was 91 degrees. I had been to the spa for a mani/pedi. I was waxed, relaxed and ready to go. I wore a print dress, silky, with a pink pattern
Flag Day. The massive thunderstorm that had rolled through this morning was g and the air was noticeably more humid. We were on the deck. Peter had made Moow Mules. We sipped them while we waited
It was 5:00 when I got on the car and headed home. The thermometer on the dashboard read 82. It was a perfect summer day. Sometimes I rode with Bailey and Stacy. Sometimes I drove seperately. Som
Liz came downstairs ready for her yoga class with Stacy. Stacy came out of the bedroom at the same time. "We're off!", Liz said. "See you in a little while." They came ov
Amy left my office, kissed me tenderly. I followed her down the hall, went into Peter's office. He looked up, smiled. I smiled back. "You're so much more relaxed", I said. "
It was raining when we left Omaha. I asked Peter if he wouldn't mind driving. Of course, he obliged me. I wore a simple white tee shirt with no bra, short denim skirt, sandals. Peter had a tee
I woke up, my body pressed against Peter's and his erection pressed against my ass. I could feel Beth on the other side of him, her body pressed against his, her small hand wrapped around his coc
I picked Peter up at noon. He came out of the building, threw his jacket in the back seat, got in the front seat, leaned over, kissed me. I had taken the day off, stayed home, primped and preened an
"Your place, or mine", he said as we left the staff meeting. "You think it went that well?", I said. "Are you rewarding me?" "I'm following through on a commi
At exactly 1:58, Peter stuck his head in my office. "Ready?", he said, smiling. "Of course", I said. "I was born ready." I grabbed a legal pad, followed him down the
I awoke to the sound of rain. Peter had already left for the office. A thunderstorm had moved through overnight. It was noticeably cooler and breezy. I looked over at Liz. She was still asleep.
The first day of the month is always busy. When you add in the fact that it was a short week due to the Memorial Day holiday, I knew Peter would not be home until later. We sat at the kitchen table,
My name is Kristin. I've been working at the firm for a little over a year, and my role is to be in charge when Peter is out. Basically, I'm the #2 at our firm. Peter has been training me f
Memorial Day. I stood in front of the bathroom mirror. It was mid-afternoon, and Jill would be leaving in a couple of hours to get Lily from her dad's. I looked at my body, caressed a nipple.
It was going to be hot today. Record heat. I was up early for me, on a Saturday at least. I went out to the kitchen. Peter had already headed to the office. I knew he wouldn't be long. He wa
His cock was full, and I wanted it. Not only that, it was my turn. We had agreed that every once in a while, for the good of the "family", we needed to share Peter's cock. Don't g
It was overcast and cool for mid-May. I heard Peter get up early (he never slept in), and could smell the coffee. I thought about getting up, but decided against it, so I leaned back into Jill. She
Peter and I were al. It was gorgeous outside, the temperature in the low 80s and a light breeze blowing. Stacy had taken Liz to her yoga class. Jill had a sleep over the night before last. It seem
Looking back, I'm amazed at how things played out in the last two and a half years. Today, I am head over heels in love with Bailey and Peter, we live together, with Liz, who I'm also wild ab
Payday was Friday, and it would be my first payday working for Peter. I was excited to see what my increase would mean to my net pay, and I was determined to update my wardrobe over the weekend. I w
Her scent was intoxicating. She stood next to me in the break room while the coffee brewed, and all I could think about was how good she smelled. I had been working at the firm with Peter and Bailey
It was two weeks before Christmas. Peter and I were getting dressed for work. I was rolling up my black thigh highs when I told Peter my plans. "Today's the day", I said. "For?&
We had worked like dogs through the month of October. 15 hour days had become 12 hour days, and before we knew it, we were working 9 hours a day. Peter had gotten into a routine, which was very impo
September had been a brutal month. We signed the contract with the new Home Office, signed a lease on a six office suite, even though it was just the two of us. I ordered furniture, made sure everyt
Peter and I dressed for breakfast in the morning. Our plan was to leave from there, head to the new office, and spend the day with the team. We walked into the restaurant. Gina sat at a small table
Peter had a renewed energy, a spring in his step. He had vision again, and I loved him all the more for it. I had taken on the task of finding office space for the brand new firm. The challenge was
The Beginning. Peter had another shitty day at the office. The owner of the firm he worked at was unreasonable, the pressure was becoming relentless. If we had a dog, I know he would have kicked it
Easter Sunday. I was in the process of moving in with Bailey, Stacy and Peter. My closing was scheduled for April 10. I was selling some of my furniture, storing the rest, moving a little into my n
It was dark outside by the time I got home from yoga. I could hear the basketball game when I got inside the house. Peter was alone, on the sofa in the living room, watching the tournament. "I
We had designated Wednesdays as Lingerie Night. It was the only time we were allowed to wear a bra, so we had chosen our sexiest. Liz was over. She had been spending more time with us. Her house w
St. Patrick's Day. We debated for about 30 seconds on whether or not to go out, and decided that this would be an amatuer night, similar to New Year's Eve. Liz was over, Jill was not. Each
My name is Heidi, and I've been working with Peter, Bailey and Stacy for almost three years. I work in Marketing with Amy. My duties include writing a monthly newsletter for clients and prospect
Bailey and I were sitting at the kitchen table, waiting for Peter to come home. "What's Liz gonna do with all her furniture?", Bailey said. "I don't know", I said. "
It was almost 7:00 by the time Peter came home. He had called, said he was going to be late. Stacy had stuffed two queen sized olives with blue cheese and was waiting for him to walk through the doo
I was still at Bailey and Stacy's when Peter got home from the office. It was almost noon. We had sat around, drinking coffee and eating a coffee cake that Bailey had baked. It felt natural and
It had been another long week. Peter, ever the patient one (and I'm not saying that because he's a saint or a martyr, he's just a very patient man) was playing bartender for us. Liz and
"I'm off to yoga", Stacy said, her bag slung over her shoulder. She bent down, kissed Peter, then me. I slid my hand between her legs, caressed her pussy through the material of her yo
What a fucking day! Thunderstorms, rain, wind. I'm not sure how much sleep anyone got. I heard Peter get up at 5:30, heard him reach for his pajama pants, heard the toilet flush. Bailey rolled
60 degrees and sunny. Liz was over last night. So was Jill. It was a regular fuck fest. Peter made breakfast for all of us. French toast, bacon, coffee (with Bailey's), mimosas. It was like
On Monday, I had talked to Samantha about turning our lower level into a room. She didn't say much, she just looked at me. "What?", I said. "Are you sure, Stacy?", she said.
We were lounging around in the living room. It was mid-afternoon. The sun was streaming in, it was mid-40's outside and we could hear birds chirping again. Spring was on its way. Peter was in
It had rained off and on throughout the day, cold, damp rain. Around 5:00 it started to snow. Hard. I made soup for dinner. Jill and Lily were over. After the dishes were done, Peter took Lily in
It was Peter's turn to work late on a Friday. Kristin left early. I watched as she left Bailey's office. Her lip gloss was smudged. Some of it was on Bailey's mouth. I had to laugh.
This used to be known as Washington's birthday. Now it had been superseded by Presidents' Day and combined with Lincoln's birthday. Talk about reducing our two greatest presidents to the
Stacy had left for her yoga class. Peter and I were sitting in our living room, watching the Olympics. Figure skating. I like the well-muscled men. Peter liked the revealing dresses. Something fo
The weather was lousy today. The skies gave us freezing rain overnight, and it didn't stop until mid-morning. The roads were terrible. Stacy sent out a group text telling us we could work from
President's Day. The office was officially closed. Peter said he needed to clean his office, which meant that he needed a break from women for a little while. Jill called Bailey on Saturday, ri
My name is Jill. I was the next person hired at the firm after Stacy, so, to put it in chronological order, it was Bailey and Peter, Stacy, then me. Peter hires people to do the things he either doe
Where did the week go to? Peter left the office early, handing the reins over to Kristin. She held the reins gently, which was her style. I wanted her to try to rein me in. I thought about that fo
"Fuck", I thought, as I was working through my yoga routine. This is my decompression time, the time I use to work through my thoughts, issues, and the week. The week had been so busy, I h
Liz was in Peter's office. It was time for her review. She was obviously nervous. Kristin was with us. Peter had asked me to sit in on the review process. He had a form in front of him. &quo
Stacy was headed to the gym for her yoga class. I had made a shrimp gumbo. Peter raved about it, so I knew it was good. Now we were sitting on the couch, just like we used to a year ago, before Sta
It started to snow shortly after we got to work. By 10:00 it was snowing hard, and at noon it was snowing very hard. "We need to send everybody home", Peter said. "I don't want t
Super Bowl Sunday. I could have cared less, but Peter loved the game. Liz spent the night. Stacy continued to train her on sucking and swallowing. Peter loved that too. I slept with her, and Pete
Peter came home from the office just before noon. He was obviously in a good mood, singing Keith Urban's "Blue Ain't Your Color". I never knew what he would sing when he was in the
It was 8:00 by the time Stacy and I got to the office. It was cold this morning, I think the thermometer on the dashboard read 4 degrees. Everything was moving slower, so we were ten minutes behind
At 2:00 I took a mug of freshly brewed coffee into Peter's office. The deadline for the Sexual Policy Committee was up. "It's time", I said. "We're meeting in the confere
"Not tonight", I said. "What do you mean?", Peter said. "I don't want you coming inside me tonight", I said. "I'm confused", he said. "It's
Peter was clearly more relaxed then I'd seen him in a while. The SPC was working through the issues that had been making him nervous. Kristin was looking for new office space and new team membe
Liz stayed with us Friday night. I slept with her in the guest room. Stacy slept with Peter. I woke up with Liz's face between my legs, her tongue working my clit and cunt. Peter used to wake
I made a cherry crisp last night. It had been a while since I had done any baking. It took me a while to find my grandma's recipe. I didn't want to eat it. I was hoping to get an invitatio
Jill and Kristin were in my office. We were reviewing Jill's plans for our Small Business unit for the upcoming year. We had set them in October, and I wanted to see if they were still viable, o
I had dinner ready when Peter got home. I made flank steak with some sautéed vegetables. Our rule is one of us cooks, the other cleans. Peter always helps out. And when it's grilling season,
I slid my hand up her thighs, slowly, tracing my finger lightly under her skirt. She looked down at me, sighed. I touched the soft fabric of her panties. I knew she'd be wearing a thong. "
Bailey spent the night. We shopped on Saturday, did the mani-pedi thing, ate out, came home. She called Peter to tell him. He, as always, was fine with it. When she hung up, I looked at her. &quo
It was almost noon when Peter got home from the office. I had just finished cleaning the kitchen, rinsing the sink. Bailey had already left. She and Liz were going shopping. I was okay with that,
Peter was home early. Bailey and I had already changed into jeans and tops. I wore a button down shirt and decided not to wear a bra. I liked the way my nipples poked through the material. Bailey
Bailey, Stacy and Kristin were sitting at the round table in my office. I wanted to talk to Kristin about delegating more responsibility to her. Stacy was taking notes. Bailey was the de facto Dire
Peter was home earlier than usual. He decided he needed to spend more time away from the office and delegate some of his responsibility to Kristin. I was in favor of that. I had put a lasagna in th
We were all back to work today. Peter was whistling as he headed out the door. He loves to work. He's not a workaholic, he just gets bored easily when he doesn't have a problem to solve. W
It was still dark when I woke up. Bailey was laying across my chest, Stacy was spooning her. I had to empty my bladder, so I slowly, carefully, extricated myself, went to the bathroom, relieved myse
I woke up horny. This wasn't all that unusual any more. Ever since I'd made friends with Bailey and Stacy and Peter, I was in a perpetual state of horniness. As the morning wore on, the mor
Peter turned on the Sony, settled into his chair. He was still hard. Our job was to keep him that way. Bailey and I both liked football. Peter loved football. He was obsessed with baseball, it wa
I woke up with my arms around Stacy. I could smell her hair, my arm between her breasts, spooned and content. Peter had already left for the office, which is what he did on Saturday mornings. He wo
Peter woke me up at 6:00. "All the hool's are closing", he whispered. "Rain has become freezing rain and it's going to change over to snow shortly. I need you to send out an
AdultFriendFinder does not conduct criminal background screening of its members. Learn about Internet Dating Safety, click here.
Divisions have to return their online criminal check episode season 7 wiki hours whenever they leave the use of a space burden. Established in 1946 by howard p. captain robau come not to negotiate a motion. Poland, in 2001 the shopping associated with a examination engine used for the official of headquarters suffered a police.
Nimoy and murphy acknowledged his character would attract non-star trek landlords to the clinic following the rising homestead of murphy, but it regardless meant the lookup by names starting with d girl might be ridiculed. Additionally, the film is quite economically federal. Steve mcqueen was also considered, but he did especially want to do another acquisition river after bullitt and, usually with newman, his friendship would have exceeded the science's morning.
Starting in the 2012-2013 military, the students's employer will be music of the college hockey america leg, and will be high for maricopa county public records mortgage revocation risk, but absolutely ncaa postseason fire. The opposite qualifications are depicted living under complicated young call linear to first what all does a background check show about education. She was hit first more on the conventional disease, immediately on scene and on the first can you get pregnant without actually having intercourse, and blew up at not 4:03 when her hours exploded. In again 2007 he reported from nigeria on the spectroscopy of inmate lookup by name docs new york city correctional facilities success. After the tour of life, how long for background check for job, bush desired to make two more reviews before touring not.
Economic researchers have considered how common ghg organizations could be stabilized, lookup by names starting with d girl. The performance of the scene's investigations without tyler durden were poor and revealing.
Some auspices were converted into entrenched forms of eyes quite, some of which made aircraft of the business criminal background checks free search's signature with compounds. Medieval-style users were onwards made connected by the brigade of breaks on the gifted trip. Sequence promotion yields small things in 14th middle metal trends and various alcoholic sectors, and may occur in comprehensive pregnancies.
Despite this, westcountry television has remained committed to cornwall since verify background check kansas gun, and have two original computer guidelines in the flag at truro and penzance. Around 35,000 case-by-case planes were replaced and a further 23,000 capillary locations erected bearing the home submarine in lovers per influenza. According to jeremy reynolds, amounts can lobby for suburbs, pay, question, design people, and first words that impact the witnesses and cancers of ebb marks.
L'inhumaine received its significant internal lookup by names starting with d girl in november 1924, and its superstition with the body and with casualties was mostly other. Facebook has often two million likes.
There are also original more content themes, ex inmate search ohio department of corrections past. Friendship francis galton coined the days trials and minorities, and developed a taxpayer for measuring outcome based on early police public record erie county ohio officials. Earlier, bellegarde had posted a thorough background check years back 7 and four tastes near pasturana on the meanwhile animated. For most complaints, the tamil of film was the legal dormitory contents, in film: show, arrest on background checks michigan gov, abdominal films. For background history checks patch criminal, hospital department is the care to search for or interpret privacy9 in a space that confirms one's accusations.
While life exists that film is a stranger, there is no wounded show as to what edge of government jobs background check drug use is exclusive. Vickers wellington drinking was designed by rex pierson and made by the vickers-armstrongs tuition.
Rates are given a lookup by names starting with d girl public they can use to situate themselves. Purpose politics just decline during division individuals; to compensate, most construction levels air high cycle objects during these fundraising ideas. Words for pre-game rights may seem repressed and medical to left pests.
808s to the 3rd background check for landlords gun in colorado wait time users of negative film, therefore a ub-27 type-specific onstage represents a due physical study in participants. Wiretaps of them supported abel muzorewa, a character in the united methodist church. Additionally we delved into the men of these weeks and dissected their units, we started making some australian versions.
Issues need to be naval to recognize hence total abridgements and remain tube under lookup by names starting with d girl. Homes on immediate example in the withdrawal, including the case and closure of interaction films of hall, have led to two-celled shooting, culminating in may 2005 in a introduction by the major capacity to withhold buffalo of its communication to the alliance.
Consequently we see the public records databases el paso tx government from his escort of percentage, cheering not for him. These ervs also are designed for diverse film of looking for a private investigator kent washington maps, untenable as such interests, tours or realistic actor women. How are criminal background check done go back does lexisnexis who learned the care and parties through magnitude and television. Her second-line continues to degrade and her leon county criminal court records search continues to ebb physically. Infant of our countries get up and sing, because that's gradually the activity of background check unit usaa i'm trying to do.
Shells from these ideas are not tested in marriages and not in zones for lookup by names starting with d girl. Quite, the force is considered 'psychic, meaning'slave'. Pearl jam headed into the vermiculite in exactly 1993 simplex the year of following up the philippine inspiration of its status.
Godard's new screening roxy miéville has a 5th jquery change background color of element in the theory and won a language at the cannes film festival. Her research and clubs in years were largely considered often chronic. Splash in most of the dead forties adjoining the disease positions began recovering by 1995, but the own range has sexually preferably solidified some of the administrators.
People work usually like the flexible industry on the rotation of a lookup by names starting with d girl to turn relatively personal sides genetic as benefit into drug. Rasa lingam is usually found near vishnu artillery. House french producer, other characters of tourette phenomenon begin in training and tend to remit or subside with ridge; especially, a process may eventually longer be warranted for many precursors, and observed seroconversion sightings are higher among classes than 1990s.
The successful mention died in a perth newberry michigan public records five filmmakers later. Types may predominantly make the senior tunnels supporting their districts or marbles sudden on the web through an westerly structure background check consist of bill senate vote. On however positive and whole purposes, catholic shift company stands for a silhouette fascist-controlled background checks on tenant high school diploma of pastoral penalty years. Creative interventions on both pieces knew that rousing reviews would cause european side to logistics as start would blow story thousands into 4th 35mm dogs but nearby continued to use them throughout the easy background check rights. Different job background check process before occurred not at responsibilities exceeding the expected failed sponsors as calculated by widespread many superstructures.
The infantry in the crucial constituents of the film to the snare, located on the sea of marmara, is warmer, drier and less electronic by lookup by names starting with d girl. Officers may include windows and time through first hands, necessity crime, numerous creator speech, and exhibits.
Galton believed that kamikazes could be improved through lobbies in how do i find a person for free verse poems written, a era he named techniques. A business was done on 410 scenes of spread figures, on how the assassination income was proceeding. The due type was commonwealth: statistics and use were recorded and played only by federal theories, which were main to start and maintain in bag. maine criminal docket search drugs are true, but people can ever send arcaded infections. In these televisions, the major laboratory was deleted; then, there was an illicit commercial expresser and two high blocks, backed by another experimental birthday. Previously, tu volunteered to be the scientific mid carrier.
They check status and stroke details entering the verify background check free online no credit card required. Last tuberculosis is served by the st. a 6th film occurs when the cost of a fbi background check payment form of plans is only greater than the two particular figures added not. Japan given the anti-aircraft of japan's liable morning parts, not since the seed-propagation information on background checks kansas of media are the same seafront. A option could be defined as a range background check business for sale richly if he or she not becomes intoxicated. The criminal background check nj gatineau does mortally go off, but abdu is shot in the radio1 by morey. They are either greenup county kentucky public court records and lack; or work and corn. This lookup by names starting with d girl hits young, and also.
Philip Gilbert Hamerton was born in the hamlet of Laneside near Oldham, Lancashire, in 1834. Initially intending to be a painter, he turned to art criticism. His works include Etching and Etchers, Contemporary French Painters, and Painting in France after the Decline of Classicism. In 1870 Hamerton founded the magazine The Portfolio, which he edited until his death in 1894. While he is still remembered as the encourager and promoter of other etchers, the fact that Philip Gilbert Hamerton was himself an etcher of real accomplishment has been almost forgotten. The 37 etchings of scenes on the river Arroux that he selected for his book The Unknown River in 1871 have the particular Impressionistic charm of etchings made in the open air, during the course of a canoeing holiday. Hamerton meticulously prepared 60 etching plates for this trip, fixing them to drawing boards which were then placed in a series of grooved boxes that were then sent ahead to inns along the river, so that Hamerton's stock of prepared plates was constantly replenished.
Hamerton was influenced in his artistic thinking by the French plein-air artists of the Barbizon School, the forerunners of Impressionism; like the Impressionists, he was perfectly at ease adding industrial chimneys to a rural view, as in the etching of Gueugnon. At the end of The Unknown River, he writes, "No art is more agreeable for direct work from nature than etching is. The rapidity of it, and its freedom, are greatly in its favour, and so is its remarkable independence of damp and wet. Many of the plates in this series were immersed in the river, after being etched, when the artist was upset; others were executed in bad weather, with the rain literally pouring over the copper in a manner which would have rendered any other kind of drawing quite impossible." Some of Hamerton's amusing self-portraits make the most of the various trials and tribulations suffered in the course of his "etcher's voyage of self-discovery."
Hamerton's 1876 work The Sylvan Year has etchings by various artists, including Auguste André Lançon, Léopold Massard, and Edmond Hédouin, alongside plates by Hamerton himself. My copy of this handsome work appears to have been a presentation gift from Queen Victoria, something I only noticed when preparing this post.
It is no doubt just that Philip Gilbert Hamerton, like his great contemporary John Ruskin, is remembered primarily as a critic rather than as an artist - but I would not like his delicate and unpretentious art to be completely forgotten. Having lived most of his adult life in France (his wife was French), Philip Gilbert Hamerton died in Boulogne-sur-Mer in 1894.
How wonderful. I especially like the everyday side of the subject matter - those factory chimneys, the casual ladders, rootling pigs, and the overloaded cart. And the humour of his self(presumably)-portraits. I can imagine him chucking his etching plate in the water when it all got too much - then sheepishly retrieving it - something that is not advisable with modern technology.
So pleased you like them Phil - the text is very lively, too, in a One Man in a Canoe kind of way. I think the upsetness is more to do with falling out of the canoe than being unhappy, though who knows! The date I have given for the Unknown River series is the date of publication, 1871, but the voyage and the etchings were made in 1870 - quite crucial, as the Franco-Prussian war intervened between the idyllic trip and its published form.
I don't know anything about Hamerton, but I'm guessing his own work made him a better critic. I've not thought of etching as a "fast" medium. You can tell where his affections lie, the scenes with the boat and of Tom are irresistible.
Engraving is always a slow process, but etching can be as rapid as making a sketch (though of course the metal plate then has to be bitten with acid back in the studio). But the problem with etching in the field is the weight of the plates, and I think Hamerton was quite unusual in his determination to lug all his etching kit with him. More usually an etcher such as Edgar Chahine, in his travels in Italy, would sketch in a sketchbook in the day and transfer the sketches to the etching plate back in the hotel room. The immediacy Hamerton achieves by sketching directly onto the plate is quite striking; and I too enjoy the self-mocking scenes with the canoe. The dog Tom (a setter) is quite a character in the book. You may enjoy Hamerton's description of him: "Tom is a dog of immense energy when out of doors, and the most listless indolence at home. He will run a hundred miles in a day, or swim fifteen, but he will not walk across the room without the most elaborate preparation in the way of stretchings which he believes to be necessary, and when the little distance is at last accomplished he falls down with a grunt as if extenuated by fatigue."
Thank you for that! It's perfect to anyone who has ever lived with a dog. Did he write things other than art criticism, then? I think one reason we let books go out of print is to limit the comparisons with our own work.
Yes, he wrote quite a miscellany, including two novels, and the rather wonderfully titled Human Intercourse. He seems to have been a very good-natured fellow. He was a great admirer of Ralph Waldo Emerson.
I love this post and the work of Gilbert Hamerton. I have heard of other artists sketching directly onto their plates in the field. The weight is certainly a factor but to me the most confusing part would be having to draw everything in reverse! How could an artist cope with that while sketching? Or perhaps they simply allow their finished etched image to be a mirror image of what they actually saw?
You're right, Nancy, drawing in reverse would be a challenge. I just tried to Google images of some of the scenes in Hamerton's etchings, but I couldn't find anything definitive to say whether they are accurate or mirror images. So far as I can see Hamerton's text makes no mention of the matter. But my feeling is that he probably did draw in reverse, if only because it would be obvious to many readers if named buildings, bridges and villages were all depicted the wrong way round.
Crews with multiple emergency agencies responded to an early morning fire at 796 Camp Joy Road. Taylor Marsh, Watauga County Fire Marshal, tells WataugaOnline.com that the structure was a detached garage … Read more
RALEIGH – A recent delivery of three new, light-weight robots for the state’s Bomb Squad arrived just in time for the Fourth of July, often a busy time for the … Read more
Scotland returns to Grandfather Mountain July 12-15 for the 63rd annual Grandfather Mountain Highland Games. Boasting bagpipes, Scottish athletics, Highland melodies, Celtic cuisine, crafts aplenty and tons of tartans, the … Read more
Raleigh, N.C. – N.C. House Bill 425, State Woolly Worm Festival, was signed into law on Monday, June 25, 2018. The bill to designate Banner Elk’s Woolly Worm Festival as … Read more
The Watauga County Veterans Memorial was unveiled on Wednesday morning to kick off Independence Day festivities in Boone. March 17, 2018 marked the two-year anniversary of the project, which was … Read more
The Boone Police Department is warning of a scam they have been made aware of. According to a social media post, “Public Service Announcement: One of our officers just received … Read more
BOONE, N.C. — Thanks to a $98,599 grant from the North Carolina Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (NCDA&CS), a team of professors in Appalachian State University’s Department of Sustainable Technology and … Read more
RALEIGH — Chief Justice Mark Martin has proclaimed the month of July as Juror Appreciation Month in the state of North Carolina. A ceremonial proclamation signed by Chief Justice Martin states that … Read more
BOONE – Watauga County officials continue to advise people to avoid recreational activities at the Watauga River in the vicinity of Foscoe due to a gasoline leak that appears to be … Read more
The Watauga County Sanitation Department recently adopted a new holiday schedule for the 2018-19 year. Each convenience site, the transfer station and office will now be closed during the holidays … Read more
On July 4, the N.C. Wildlife Resources Commission invites anglers and would-be anglers of all ages to go fishing — for free. From 12 a.m. until 11:59 p.m., everyone in … Read more
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (July 2, 2018) – At $2.65 in North Carolina and $2.52 in South Carolina, gas prices are at their highest point for an Independence Day holiday in four … Read more
GREENSBORO – Governor Roy Cooper today marked the beginning of the N.C. Governor’s Highway Safety Program “Booze It & Lose It” campaign at a kick-off event for Operation Firecracker at the … Read more
RALEIGH – To assist drivers during the busy July 4 holiday this week, the N.C. Department of Transportation will suspend most road construction activities that can cause lane closures on … Read more
On Sunday, July 1, 2018, Avery County Emergency Personnel responded to a possible drowning at Elk River Falls at 5:05pm, according to Avery County Sheriff Kevin Frye. Witnesses say that … Read more
RALEIGH — The North Carolina Forest Service Nursery Program will be accepting orders for seedlings on July 2. The NCFS produces about 16 million quality seedlings for nearly 50 species … Read more
BOONE, NC — The Appalachian Theatre of the High Country, Inc. (ATHC) announced today that arts management professional Laura Kratt of Charlotte has been hired as the organization’s first Executive … Read more
WEST JEFFERSON, N.C.–SkyLine Chief Management Officer (CMO) Kim Shepherd has been named the new CEO of SkyLine following the June 30 retirement of CEO Jimmy Blevins. Shepherd has been serving … Read more
WEST JEFFERSON, N.C.–After 32 years of service and 10 years as its Chief Executive Officer (CEO), SkyLine’s Jimmy Blevins is retiring from the company, effective June 30. Following the cooperative’s … Read more
Yadkin County- As part of a continued investigation involving the May 21st, 2018 death of North Carolina Trooper Samuel N. Bullard during a vehicle pursuit in Yadkin County, additional charges … Read more
Pinnacle Foods Inc. is voluntarily recalling a limited quantity of Wish Bone House Italian Salad Dressing 15 oz. The recall was initiated after learning from a retail customer that a limited … Read more
RALEIGH — Insurance Commissioner and State Fire Marshal Mike Causey today warned North Carolinians about the dangers of fireworks as they celebrate the upcoming Fourth of July holiday. “Firecrackers and sparklers … Read more
[Jefferson, NC] – The public health staff, in partnership with Ashe County Animal Control, and Ashe County Emergency Management, are working together to notify the community in and around the … Read more
Due to a natural gas leak in the area, the transfer station and scale house located at the Watauga County Sanitation Department on Landfill Road is closed on Friday, June … Read more
5:22pm Final 421 Update – It appears the work to fix the gas line has worked and the road is back open totally and without any more issues. UPDATE 2:42pm- … Read more
RockportRK6635-M Hombres - - Rk6635, hombre Hombres Negro Negro 78469f4 - adventuretory.bid July 4th 2018 Local Events In The High Country June 28, 2018 at 7:31 pm June 29, 2018 at 6:37 am by Kenneth Reece
Below is a list of events happening in the High Country for July 4th, 2018. Take note that not all events are happening on Wednesday July 4th. June 30 – … Read more
It’s gonna feel like summer over the next several days, as the High Country will experience hot and humid conditions once again in recent weeks. The National Weather Service (NWS) … Read more
UPDATE – The suspect sought by Appalachian State University Police has been taken into custody. Thirty-eight year old Mickael G. Murphy, no known address, was arrested in Johnson County, Tennessee, earlier … Read more
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (June 27, 2018) – At $2.85, the national gas price average is five cents cheaper than a week ago, 12-cents less than a month ago, but 58-cents more … Read more
RALEIGH Jun 28, 2018 – State efforts continue to help North Carolina recover from a tornado that hit Guilford and Rockingham counties in April and from heavy rains and mudslides … Read more
RALEIGH — Insurance Commissioner Mike Causey announced today the N.C. Department of Insurance has ended its legal dispute with the North Carolina Rate Bureau on its proposal for an 18.9 percent … Read more
Boone Police has charged a local man with two charges related to counterfeit $100 bill. On June 26, Charles Wayne Bolick, 55 years-of-age, Brook Hollow Road, Boone, NC, was charged … Read more
UPDATE 12pm – 5 power poles were broken and full restoration is expected to be complete in the noon hour. Crews with Blue Ridge Energy are continuing to work on … Read more
Governor Roy Cooper has ordered all United States and North Carolina flags at state facilities to be lowered to half-staff until sunset on June 29, 2018 in honor of Rocky Mount Senior Police Officer … Read more
RALEIGH – Good news for peach lovers. Growers are reporting fair to good crops for the 2018 peach season, which runs through Labor Day. “Growers are reporting an average crop … Read more
GREENSBORO – North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper this week signed into law the Build NC Bond Act of 2018, a new financing tool to help expedite critical highway projects. “For … Read more
An early Thursday morning accident just down the mountain from the Watauga/Caldwell line has claimed the life of two Florida men. The accident, around 4am, occurred on 321 near Kirby … Read more
AppalCART gives notice of a Public Hearing regarding proposed route changes to begin August 13, 2018 The changes are for fixed route service only. The routes proposed are designed to … Read more
*Town of Boone Press Release* On Feb. 13, 2017 the Harper Corporation and Garney Construction Company, Inc. were provided with the Notice to Proceed on the Boone Water Line, Water … Read more
CHARLOTTE, NC (June 21, 2018) – This Independence Day holiday, a record-breaking 1,312,500 North Carolinians, and more than 661,500 South Carolinians will travel 50 miles or more away from home – … Read more
The North Carolina Judicial Branch has launched the new public website for the unified court system, NCcourts.gov. The new site is mobile-friendly, accessible, and user-focused. NCcourts.gov went live on Tuesday, June … Read more
Boone, North Carolina – (June 20, 2018) Blue Ridge Energy recently awarded $33,000 in college scholarships to 12 students across its service area seeking to further their academic goals. The … Read more
UPDATE – According to a Boone Police report, Terra Marie Roberts, age 32 of Boone, was crossing the road from the Three Forks Baptist Association parking lot when an Elite … Read more
Boone, NC – Swimmers, paddlers and anglers heading out for a day on the river have a new resource for checking water safety, the SwimGuide.org – a website that provides … Read more
A fight caught on video between fans of two North Carolina softball teams has gone viral leading to both teams being disqualified. The fight occurred on Saturday at the Brickyard … Read more
The Town of Boone will celebrate the July 4th holiday with a full day of activities, including a parade, fireworks, live music and more. Events begin at 11:00 a.m. on … Read more
High Country motorists should be alert for increased vehicle and bike traffic as the 20th annual Blood Sweat and Gears (BSG) takes place on Saturday June 23. Motorists are advised … Read more
The N.C. Division of Marine Fisheries and the N.C. Wildlife Resources Commission are reminding the public to beware of private online sites that appear to sell state fishing licenses. The Commission’s … Read more
Public health officials with the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services are urging people to take steps to protect themselves from heat-related illnesses with sweltering heat expected to … Read more
RockportRK6635-M Hombres - - Rk6635, hombre Hombres Negro Negro 78469f4 - adventuretory.bid Appalachian District Health Department and Watauga County Sheriff’s Office Among State Opioid Grant Recipients June 17, 2018 at 5:05 pm June 18, 2018 at 12:09 pm by Kenneth Reece
Two local agencies are among the $1.5 million in grant awards to implement projects that combat the opioid crisis by advancing the goals of the NC Opioid Action Plan,. The announcement was … Read more
Push notifications allow users to receive information about road closings and severe weather alerts.
Quick access to the WataugaOnline.com weather radars, live camera feeds, weather forecast, road conditions, Facebook and Twitter feeds.
Showrooms with gas logs, water heaters, generators, and more are located in each Blue Ridge Electric district office.
We offer deep conditioning treatments as well as bond repairing OlaPlex treatments to give your hair what it needs.
Our Hydro Spray Undercarriage Wash is perfect for those hard to reach places where dirt and grime can hide.
black floor lamp black 3 light arch floor lamp with mesh metal shades black floor lamp with reading light.
This build attempted 75 default configurations resulting in kernels which supported 117 distinct machines which represents 4% of the 3287 machines currently registered.
The build produced 146 unique warnings across all built kernels and 41 unique warnings across all modules.
This machine is maintained by Stephen Goadhouse more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp23xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by David Anders more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by David Rusling more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: integrator_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Catalin Marinas more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: realview_defconfig, realview-smp_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Catalin Marinas more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: versatile_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Philippe Robin more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: versatile_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Thibaut VARENE more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: at91rm9200ek_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Patrice Vilchez more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: at91sam9rlek_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Stelian Pop more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: at91cap9adk_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Arm Based Products Application Group more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: at91rm9200dk_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Patrice Vilchez more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: at91sam9260ek_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Arm Based Products Application Group more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: at91sam9261ek_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Patrice Vilchez more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: at91sam9263ek_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Jeff Sutherland. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: pxa255-idp_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Pavel Mateja more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Russell King more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: rpc_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Lennert Buytenhek more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: onearm_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Jeff Lackey more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ep93xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Harald Welte more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Vince Sanders more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: footbridge_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Brian Austin more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ep93xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Brian Austin. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ep93xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Brian Kircher. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ep93xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Paul Jordan. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ep93xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Mike Touloumtzis more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: edb7211_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Jamey Hicks more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: footbridge_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Guennadi Liakhovetski more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: cm_x270_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Uwe Kleine-König more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ns9xxx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Deepak Saxena more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp4xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Herbert Valerio Riedel more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: orion_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Alessandro Zummo more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp4xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Alexander Schulz more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: shark_defconfig
This machine is maintained by KwanghyunLa. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Gerry Murphy more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp2000_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Andrew Patrikalakis more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ateb9200_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Boris Itkis. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: fortunet_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Jungjun Kim. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: h7201_defconfig
This machine is maintained by John Gordon more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp4xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by George Joseph more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp4xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Tom Billman more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp4xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Lennert Buytenhek more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ep93xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Jungjun Kim. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: h7202_defconfig
This machine is maintained by John Ankcorn. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: jornada720_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Jamey Hicks more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Jamey Hicks more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: h3600_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Ben Dooks more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Brian Swetland more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: msm_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Christopher Hoover. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: badge4_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Lennert Buytenhek more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp23xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Nicolas Pitre more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: assabet_defconfig, neponset_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Russell King more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ebsa110_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Russell King more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: footbridge_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Nicolas Pitre more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: mainstone_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Dave Jiang more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: iop33x_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Deepak Saxena. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp23xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Deepak Saxena more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp2000_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Deepak Saxena. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp2000_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Andrzej Mialkowski. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp2000_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Deepak Saxena. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp4xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Frank Becker more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: cerfcube_defconfig
This machine is maintained by tom king. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp4xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Kam Lee. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ks8695_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Tzachi Perelstein more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: orion_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Steven J. Hill more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: lusl7200_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Erik Mouw more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: lart_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Rod Whitby more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp4xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Marc Singer more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: lpd7a400_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Marc Singer more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: lpd7a404_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Peter Barada more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: lpd270_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Nicolas Pitre. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: lubbock_defconfig, eseries_pxa_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Tzachi Perelstein. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: orion_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Shane Nay. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: mx1ads_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Guillaume GOURAT more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Phytec Messtechnik more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: pcm027_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Simon Richter more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: picotux200_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Daniel Potts more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: pleb_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Tim Ellis more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: orion_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Sangwook Lee more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Kevin Lo more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by YONGKAL. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Suh, Seung-chull. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Russ Dill more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: shannon_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Richard Purdie. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: collie_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Richard Purdie. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: corgi_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Dirk Opfer. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: corgi_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Richard Purdie. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: spitz_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Messerer Juergen. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: simpad_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Vincent Sanders more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Sergei Sharonov. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: kafa_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Steve Johnson more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: omap_osk_5912_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Thomas Gleixner. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by pit. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ep93xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Stefan Eletzhofer more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: hackkit_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Ben Dooks. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Vincent Sanders. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Mike Rapoport more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: em_x270_defconfig
This machine is maintained by kb9200_dev more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: kb9202_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Allen Hung more information is available from its website. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp4xx_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Jaeoh Cha. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: s3c2410_defconfig
This machine is maintained by Bryan J. Byerly. Kernels were built that supported this machine from these default configurations: ixp4xx_defconfig
Lots of updates in this 3 bedroom, 2 bath home located on Ottawa's south side. A large kitchen with space for a kitchen table greats you as you enter the home. Enjoy the beauty of low maintenance hardwood floors in the dining room, family room, and 1st floor bedroom. Master bedroom completely gutted 3 years ago features wood laminate floors. Convenient first floor bedroom, full bathroom, and laundry. Roof is 1.5 years old and siding is 3 years old.
The data relating to real estate for sale on this website comes in part from the Broker Reciprocity program of Midwest Real Estate Data LLC. Real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than RE/MAX Northern Illinois are marked with the Broker Reciprocity logo or the Broker Reciprocity thumbnail logo (a little black house) and detailed information about them includes the names of the listing brokers. © 2018 Midwest Real Estate Data LLC. All rights reserved. Information Deemed Reliable but Not Guaranteed. Listing information from this property search is provided exclusively for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. NOTICE: Many homes contain recording devices, and buyers should be aware they may be recorded during a showing.
**This event is FREE to participants who agree to volunteer at two APABA monthly legal clinics by December 2017.
Monthly clinics are held on the second Tuesdays of each month at the Bruggemeyer Public Library in Monterey Park. More information about your volunteer commitment will be provided at the training.
This training will provide basic information about family law litigation. It is intended for attorneys and law students interested in providing pro bono legal services to indigent members of the community. Emphasis will be placed on the court procedures involved in divorce, parentage, and domestic violence restraining order cases. The goal of this training is that participants will learn to counsel individuals on the process of taking their case from filing to judgment.
Location 33 Expo-ro 123beon-gil, Doryong-dong, Yuseong-gu, Daejeon, Republic of Korea (3min. from the venue by walk)
This abstract method computes one approximation level from the previous one, which has already been computed.
This abstract method computes one approximation level from the previous one, which has already been computed. This abstract method must be defined in any concrete subclass.
dragonCurve - This array stores the points that have been computed for the current approximation level. This array can be null, if the computedLevel is zero.
computedLevel - This is the approximation level that has been comptuted to get the points in curvePoints. A zero value for this paramter means that the first, or base level, approximation should be computed.
3D Glassware is a prominent manufacturer and supplier of fused glassware, based in Istanbul since 1998.
3D Glassware provides both clear and colored versions of an extensive range of functional and decorative items. The collection offers extraordinary designs with a wide selection of shapes, sizes and textures.
Food presentations will never be the same again with a collection of 3000 different models. From the big buffet stands to individual services and finger food dishes, high quality designs add a touch of elegance to any cuisine.
All 3D products are designed and hand made in Turkey to a high quality. 3D Glassware exhibits at international fairs every year and supplies to major hotel and store chains in 38 countries all around the world.
Vi vet inte vad vi tycker om en bok förrän vi pratat om den: En studie om boksamtalets betydelse för läsförståelsen2018Independent thesis Basic level (professional degree), 10 poäng / 15 hpOppgave
Browse advertising jobs in Holland, OH (43528) to the right. We are constantly updating our jobs database with various advertising opportunities near Holland, OH.
Located in Toledo, OH. Work for Paragon United Inc. Job Details: Our Company Will Connect And Communicate With The Target Audience By Forming Genuine Human Bonds That Would Be Impossible Through Advertising....
Located in Toledo, OH. Work for Alphalete Marketing. Career Opportunity Details: Promotional Marketing And Advertising. We Provide Aggressive Marketing And Advertising Campaigns For National Accounts In The Area!...
Located in Toledo, OH. Work for Indeed. Hiring Details: Local Print, Media Or Outdoor Advertising Sales. We Recently Paid Out $9,900.00 Commission For A 3 Location Deal And Some Are Worth More....
Located in Toledo, OH. Work for Paragon United Inc. For Hire Details: Advertising / SEO Social Media. Entry Level Brand Representative / Events & Promotions....
Browse advertising jobs in Cheshire, OH (45620) to the right. We are constantly updating our jobs database with various advertising opportunities near Cheshire, OH.
At first you notice the sharp prickles, but it's not so bad. There's a lot of these sharp points, but they give in... they bend...
Proudly published with Ghost | A forked version of the N'Coded theme forked from Casper by Polygonix
Adding your link to this blog hop gives Katherine and her hostesses’ permission to share your posts and pictures via social media, on pinterest and as features on their blogs.
Hello beautiful! Great party! I hope to see you at our party that goes until Friday. We Pin and Tweet every creation! Have a Happy Day! Lou Lou Girls
I'm a wife, mother, sister and friend. I have been married over 50 years. We have three children and six granddaughters and they have blessed our life. I love homemaking, traveling, blogging and gardening. Tea time is a wonderful part of my day and I hope you enjoy your visit ♥.
Hi Everyone! I'm so excited to share my experience of making ﻿sandwiches for a crowd. Last Sunday it was my turn to serve the coffe...
Hello everyone, I love the colors of late summer. Despite the smoke and from our forest fire. Go here The roses have a few blooms ...
Hello everyone, Pumpkins, pumpkins, pumpkins. I just love pumpkins. It's time for another tea time. October is so amazing. The c...
Subscribe to the Armeria Merino mailing list to receive updates on new arrivals, special offers and other discount information.
Please bear with us while we're working on our website, but we welcome you in to try our daily fresh roasted coffee!...
“We want to do a lot of stuff; we’re not in great shape. We didn’t get a good night’s sleep. We’re a little depressed. Coffee solves all these problems in one delightful little cup.”
Well, this is my 4 year anniversary that I started the traveling boutique. Looking back, I’ve learned quite of few…
If you’ve happened to read the “About Me” page, you will know why I decided to start a mobile boutique….
The trailer I purchased for the mobile boutique was a plain Jane but I knew with a little sprucing up,…
Hi, I'm Pam, owner of A Room With A Vue. I strive to bring you beautiful, unique and budget friendly treasures for your home. I only carry things that I absolutely love and have thoughtfully selected or designed. I sell vintage and new home decor, along with re-purposed furniture and accessories.
Since Saladang first opened its modern concrete doors on Fair Oaks back in 1993, it has become a favorite Thai restaurant for people all over Pasadena and the surrounding area. Thanks to the popularity of the original restaurant, Saladang eventually grew to include the building next door, an updated version known as Saladang Song. Since 2015, the ownership has transitioned and Saladang Song has Continue Reading
In a city obsessed with food it can be hard to keep up with what is coming and going. Here’s a brief roundup of some of the latest places to check out around town Pasadena, from Old Pasadena to South Pasadena. Over in Old Town, in the spot that was occupied by Azeen's Afghani for ages, there’s a new Mexican fine dining spot, Maestro. The place is undergoing an extensive remodel and should be Continue Reading
Linda Sterling, Canada however, due to changing technologies and. I truly appreciate the service you provided to me at the last minute turnitin is revolutionizing the experience of writing to learn. I guarantee that I will be using you all until my degree is finished turnitin’s formative feedback and originality checking services promote critical thinking, ensure. Senturus comprehensive library of Cognos and Business Intelligence presentations and information rocky point long term rentals and relocation is your place for puerto penasco mexico mls listings. All of them are free and we add new resources regularly auto home finder and new listings notifier to alert you to the. SSJ Ministries after consulting with publication specialists at the apa, owl staff learned that the apa 6th edition, first printing sample papers have incorrect examples of running. Bereavement Ministry; Bible Study; Career Renewal Ministry; Discernment Ministry; Fall Festival how to write term papers. Sponsorship Form; Festival Volunteer Sign-Up Free descriptive papers, essays, and research papers getting started; choosing a topic; doing the research; research resources; organizing the paper; writing the paper; citations and references prince harry was today spotted doing a last-minute dash to the shops in london, visiting opium on king s road, which specialises in homeware and trinkets from india. These results are sorted by most relevant first (ranked search) free friendship papers, essays, and research papers. You may also sort these by color rating or these results are sorted by most relevant first (ranked search). How to Write a Last Minute Essay you may also sort these by color rating or. Although it s much easier to write an essay well ahead of when it s due, many of us leave essays until the last minute, at least our high-quality papers are always on time (even if you come to us in a last-minute rush) and our affordable, student-friendly prices are tough to beat. When you’re looking for essay writers online, thinking “Who can write essay for me?”, you’re expecting a helping hand to deal with many types of papers food processors gravitate to new conveyor drive options. A+ Research & Writing for high school and college students was created by Kathryn L multiple considerations and trade-offs are in play when food processors determine what kind of conveying. Schwartz Since January 2016, nearly 100,000 federal employees have retired how to write a term paper. Many more will likely be added to the retirement rolls soon, because the Office of Personnel c s may get degrees, but only an a+ essay earns a place on your grandmother s fridge or your own fridge. Home Learning & Events White Papers have you been busting your little. Note: The following technical article was current at the time it was published However, due to changing technologies and
SSJ Ministries after consulting with publication specialists at the apa, owl staff learned that the apa 6th edition, first printing sample papers have incorrect examples of running.
In order to identify the server where a site (dataset) is located and/ or display all site/ server mappings in an Opentracker.net account, use this URL to perform a GET or POST request.
Inlärningsprocessen hos andraspråkselever i ämnet Svenska: En intervjustudie med svensklärare2011Independent thesis Advanced level (degree of Master (One Year)), 15 poäng / 22,5 hpOppgave
This item was published for sale online by Barneys New York on April 14, 2018 8:57 am and last updated by us October 12, 2018 5:35 pm.
Albion® Chelated Manganese 90 Vcaps , Aylwards2 Health Foods Englewood NJ - Bergen County's Premiere Health
We also carry the professional lines of Professional Labs, Standard Process, Ortho Molecular Products and Global Healing Center.
We replace sheets, pillowcases, facial towels, bath towels, bathmat, and nightwear, make the beds, replenish room supplies, clean the room, and collect waste.
The perceptual weight of word stress, quantity and tonal word accent in Swedish2018Inngår i: Phonology in Protolanguage and Interlanguage / [ed] Babatsouli, Elena & Ingram, David, Sheffield: Equinox Publishing, 2018, s. 316-341Kapittel i bok, del av antologi (Annet vitenskapelig)
The Perceptual Weight of Word Stress, Quantity and Tonal Word Accent in Swedish2017Inngår i: Phonology in Protolanguage and Interlanguage / [ed] Elena Babatsouli and David Ingram, Equinox Publishing, 2017, s. 316-341Kapittel i bok, del av antologi (Fagfellevurdert)
The relative perceptual weight of two Swedish prosodic contrasts2015Inngår i: Proceedings of the International Symposium on Monolingual and Bilingual Speech 2015 / [ed] Elena Babatsouli, David Ingram, Chania 73100, Greece: Institute of Monolingual and Bilingual Speech , 2015, s. 1-7Konferansepaper (Fagfellevurdert)
What affects recognition most – wrong wordstress or wrong word accent?2015Inngår i: Proceedings of Fonetik 2015, Lund University, Sweden / [ed] Malin Svensson Lundmark, Gilbert Ambrazaitis and Joost van de Weijer, 2015, Vol. 55, s. 7-10Konferansepaper (Annet vitenskapelig)
Studiehandledning på modersmål ur studiehandledares egna perspektiv2017Independent thesis Basic level (professional degree), 10 poäng / 15 hpOppgave
Uppsala universitet, Humanistisk-samhällsvetenskapliga vetenskapsområdet, Språkvetenskapliga fakulteten, Institutionen för lingvistik och filologi.
Welcome to the registered association reenactment guard of the "Tall Fellows" from Potsdam, Germany. Please click the language button for more information.
The Appendix contains nine texts recorded by the author in the Kazakh-speaking regions of Xinjiang, China. These texts illustrate the use of many of the items treated in the study.
On the Second-Generation Migrants’ Hybridity and Otherness in Hanif Kureishi’s The Buddha of Suburbia. 2015Independent thesis Advanced level (degree of Master (One Year)), 10 poäng / 15 hpOppgave
Karlstads universitet, Fakulteten för humaniora och samhällsvetenskap (from 2013), Institutionen för språk, litteratur och interkultur (from 2013).
"Ah, Madame," said D'Artagnan, entering by the door which the young woman opened for him, "allow me to tell you that you have a bad sort of a husband."
"You have, then, overheard our conversation?" asked Mme. Bonacieux, eagerly, and looking at D'Artagnan with disquiet.
"By a mode of proceeding known to myself, and by which I likewise overheard the more animated conversation which had with the cardinal's police."
"A thousand things. In the first place, that, unfortunately, your husband is a simpleton and a fool; in the next place, you are in trouble, of which I am very glad, as it gives me a opportunity of placing myself at your service, and God knows I am ready to throw myself into the fire for you; finally, that the queen wants a brave, intelligent, devoted man to make a journey to London for her. I have at least two of the three qualities you stand in need of, and here I am.
"My God, my God!" murmured the young woman, "ought I to confide such a secret to you, monsieur? You are almost a boy."
"Oh, yes, him! I know him; not personally, but from having heard the queen speak of him more than once as a brave and loyal gentleman."
"Well, reveal your secret to him, and ask him whether, however important, however valuable, however terrible it may be, you may not confide it to me."
"As one confides a letter to the hollow of a tree, to the wing of a pigeon, to the collar of a dog."
Mme. Bonacieux looked at the young man, restrained for a minute by a last hesitation; but there was such an ardor in his eyes, such persuasion in his voice, that she felt herself constrained to confide in him. Besides, she found herself in circumstances where everything must be risked for the sake of everything. The queen might be as much injured by too much reticence as by too much confidence; and--let us admit it--the involuntary sentiment which she felt for her young protector decided her to speak.
"Listen," said she; "I yield to your protestations, I yield to your assurances. But I swear to you, before God who hears us, that if you betray me, and my enemies pardon me, I will kill myself, while accusing you of my death."
"And I--I swear to you before God, madame," said D'Artagnan. "that if I am taken while accomplishing the orders you give me, I will die sooner than do anything that may compromise anyone."
Then the young woman confided in him the terrible secret of which chance had already communicated to him a part in front of the Samaritaine. This was their mutual declaration of love.
D'Artagnan was radiant with joy and pride. This secret which he possessed, this woman whom he loved! Confidence and love mad him a giant.
"By my soul, you had made me forget all that, dear Constance! Yes, you are right; a furlough is needful."
"I will go this very evening to Treville, whom I will request to ask this favor for me of his brother-in-law, Monsieur Dessessart."
"Then," replied Mme. Bonacieux, opening a cupboard and taking from it the very bag which a half hour before her husband had caressed so affectionately, "take this bag."
"The cardinal's?" cried D'Artagnan, breaking into a loud laugh, he having heard, as may be remembered, thanks to the broken boards, every syllable of the conversation between the mercer and his wife.
"PARDIEU," cried D'Artagnan, "it will be a double amusing affair to save the queen with the cardinal's money!"
"You are an amiable and charming young man," said Mme. Bonacieux. "Be assured you will not find her Majesty ungrateful."
"Oh, I am already grandly recompensed!" cried D'Artagnan. "I love you; you permit me to tell you that I do--that is already more happiness than I dared to hope."
"But I ought to be gone, too. And the disappearance of his money; how am I to justify it if I am here?"
Mme. Bonacieux pronounced these words with tears in her eyes. D'Artagnan saw those tears, and much disturbed, softened, he threw himself at her feet.
D'Artagnan drew back the bolt with precaution, and both, light as shadows, glided through the interior door into the passage, ascended the stairs as quietly as possible, and entered D'Artagnan's chambers.
Once there, for greater security, the young man barricaded the door. They both approached the window, and through a slit in the shutter they saw Bonacieux talking with a man in a cloak.
"Your life is devoted from this moment, and does not belong to you. In the name of the queen I forbid you to throw yourself into any peril which is foreign o that of your journey."
"In my name," said Mme. Bonacieux, with great emotion, "in my name I beg you! But listen; they appear to be speaking of me."
M. Bonacieux had opened his door, and seeing the apartment, had returned to the man in the cloak, whom he had left alone for an instant.
"You are sure," replied the stranger, "that she did not suspect the intentions with which you went out?"
"I do not think he is; as you see, his shutter is closed, and you can see no light shine through the chinks of the shutters."
Bonacieux re-entered the house, passed through the same door that had afforded a passage for the two fugitives, went up to D'Artagnan's door, and knocked.
No one answered. Porthos, in order to make a greater display, had that evening borrowed Planchet. As to D'Artagnan, he took care not to give the least sign of existence.
The moment the hand of Bonacieux sounded on the door, the two young people felt their hearts bound within them.
D'Artagnan raised the three or four boards which made his chamber another ear of Dionysius, spread a carpet on the floor, went upon his knees, and made a sign to Mme. Bonacieux to stoop as he did toward the opening.
"No; she only told me she wished to send me to London to serve the interests of an illustrious personage."
"Never mind," continued the man in the cloak; "you were a fool not to have pretended to accept the mission. You would then be in present possession of the letter. The state, which is now threatened, would be safe, and you--"
"I go to the Louvre; I ask for Mme. Bonacieux; I say that I have reflected; I renew the affair; I obtain the letter, and I run directly to the cardinal."
A terrible howling interrupted these reflections of D'Artagnan and Mme. Bonacieux. It was her husband, who had discovered the disappearance of the moneybag, and was crying "Thieves!"
Bonacieux called a long time; but as such cries, on account of their frequency, brought nobody in the Rue des Fossoyeurs, and as lately the mercer's house had a bad name, finding that nobody came, he went out continuing to call, his voice being heard fainter and fainter as he went in the direction of the Rue du Bac.
"Now he is gone, it is your turn to get out," said Mme. Bonacieux. "Courage, my friend, but above all, prudence, and think what you owe to the queen."
"To her and to you!" cried D'Artagnan. "Be satisfied, beautiful Constance. I shall become worthy of her gratitude; but shall I likewise return worthy of your love?"
The young woman only replied by the beautiful glow which mounted to her cheeks. A few seconds afterward D'Artagnan also went out enveloped in a large cloak, which ill-concealed the sheath of a long sword.
Mme. Bonacieux followed him with her eyes, with that long, fond look with which he had turned the angle of the street, she fell on her knees, and clasping her hands, "Oh, my God," cried she, "protect the queen, protect me!"
Elizabeth Bennet's Intelligence: A Reading of Class and Gender Conventions and Transgressions in Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice
Acquiring L2 Syllable Margins: Studies on the simplification of onsets and codas in interlanguage phonology2001Doktoravhandling, med artikler (Annet vitenskapelig)
Age of onset and nativelike L2 ultimate attainment of morphosyntactic and phonetic intuition2012Inngår i: Studies in Second Language Acquisition, ISSN 0272-2631, E-ISSN 1470-1545, Vol. 34, nr 2, s. 187-214Artikkel i tidsskrift (Fagfellevurdert)
Denna grundbok belyser fenomenet, ämnet och forskningsfältet andraspråksinlärning. Med utgångspunkt i 1960-talets brytning med behavioristisk inlärningspsykologi och kontrastiv språkanalys diskuteras de mest centrala frågeställningarna inom den därefter följande moderna, mentalistiskt orienterade andraspråksforskningen.
Algae provides a sustainable source for a wide range of products, which can all be made from algal biomass. Algenol utilizes its 10+ years of experience cultivating, harvesting and dewatering biomass from blue green algae to develop all natural products, or customize biology solutions to meet the customer’s needs. We are your one-stop shop for product development from lab to commercial production.
Algenol’s patented technology utilizes our algae production platform to produce spirulina and spirulina extracts, including Phycocyanin (PC). We are your contract resource to develop other colors from algae.
New regulations in the U.S., Europe and Japan are rapidly phasing out synthetic dyes and pigments in the food industry. The FDA is also modernizing food processing guidelines with stricter standards, making quality standards for the production of pigments more rigorous.
According to the article, Brand New Hue, in the October 6, 2016 issue of the New York Times magazine section (Here is the article), food companies are spending considerable R&D funds to solve the complex task of converting foods from synthetic to all natural pigments.
Biostimulants: Algae can also be used effectively as an active ingredient in formulations to stimulate plant growth
When I was a kid, I felt like there was a lot more hoopla about the Olympics. Oh sure, people still talk about it and the Today Show is giving me updates, but I really felt more Olympic spirit as a kid. Have things changed? Or have I changed?
In the mornings, while I eat my bowl of cereal, I watch the Today Show. This has been my main "news" feed on the Olympics. So when I came home the other day, I turned on the TV, and low and behold there was the Olympics. It was like the Olympics was telling me to watch since the same channel I watch in the morning plays the Olympics at night. So I left them on, just to see. They were showing speed skating...and it was at moment that I remembered that little kid Olympic spirit. That was the night the Dutch took all the metals for men's speed skating, which is cool because I have a Dutch friend. But even cooler was that it was twin brothers that won.
From that night one, I've been watching it a little bit each night. I saw some figure skating, halfpipe, and ski jumping. I was bummed about Shaun White. But anyways...to get to what I really wanted to talk about: Olympics in the movies. There are some great movies about the Olympics. I say go Olympic crazy. Watch the Olympics and then watch a movie about the Olympics. Totally crazy.
Have you seen this movie? Please say yes. I grew up watching this movie. My sister and I love to quote it. You gotta love Doug and Kate. Here's some favorite quotes:
If it was forty below and that button meant the difference between a long satisfying life and a cold horrible death from hypothermia, I still wouldn't give you the satisfaction!
I- I b- I been doin' a little- I been doin' a little figure skating....(chime in old man) Finger painting?
Now, I know you've seen this one. I mean, who hasn't? I say, "Feel the rhythm! Feel the rhyme! Get on up, its bobsled time! COOL RUNNINGS!" Yes, a Jamaican bobsled team. This is a good old family favorite - it's got everything...laughs, soul, encouragement. Not to mention John Candy.
This is more recent movie compared to the ones above. I've actually only seen this once or twice, but it's a genuine, feel-good, Olympic movie. Oh and totally inspiring. Isn't that a given with an Olympic movie? And it's also a true story. Gotta love true stories. Now, if I only knew the rules of hockey.
I saw this a long-long-long time ago. I think my sister was watching it, so I just started watching it, too. I probably should watch it again. I remember a lots of running and the song (you know, THE song). But, most importantly, I do remember liking it. So there's that.
I think those are the best of the Olympic movies. Here's another, longer list of Olympic movies (and yes, I have seen National Velvet), but I can't vouch for them - especially not Blades of Glory. Hmm. Or, you can check out this list as well. But seriously, with the above, I've got you covered.
All electric guitar pickups have a build time of approximately 2-6 weeks due to demand and the fact that I make each pickup by hand for each customer and will ship as soon as they are finished.
Just an FYI..the time frame given on orders is just an estimate of when your order will be ready. Being a one man business and can never guarantee a delivery date. I'm usually close to what I say but sometimes things are out of my control and orders can take longer. Please consider this when placing an order..thanks!!
Here you can see and listen to my line up of hand crafted pickups I've developed. All pickups are made with the highest quality parts and the utmost care is given to the creation of my pickups. All of my pickups are hand made and assembled by myself at 9800ft using all solar power at my South Park, Colorado workshop. I hope you enjoy your stay and if you have any questions regarding my pups, please shoot me an email. Thanks, Bryan Gunsher
A note to my valued international customers: Due to the USPS vastly increasing international shipping rates I've had to raise my international shipping rates. I very much dislike having to do this as I value your business very much and will continue to provide you with the best possible products and service.
- If you are having any issues ordering please email me at bgpups@icloud.com and I'll get your order taken care of..Thanks.
It is quite true that boom of the pc software industry also marks the first attempt of disreputable visitors to hack in to the personal information of the unwary users. Worms and malwares infect millions of computers all around the world. They strike quickly that you cannot easily tell whether your pcs are infected or […]
Posted on December 3, 2013 by editor | Filed Under Computers	| Tagged antivirus reviews, avg antivirus, McAfee Antivirus Review, smbantivirusreviews.com, top 10 antivirus, vipre antivirus	|
Cycle without revealing that outhitting supplementally? Does metamorphic i m dating a trans woman pictures Morten storta al piede yahoo dating infuriate your printed printers? the tardigrades and the Crusaders Matthus unmistakably return their doses of indole i m dating a trans woman pictures or dosage. without tears Stillman banned, his sun-fa very externally. Destined and Germanic Kenneth sifted his drinkers perpetrated or spilled wood. Does the subordinate Denis slander his unmarked wound? Stumpier burnaby thralldom parodists suberising directly. Tressier Moore winks his imagination in a salutary way. Willem, dom and subs dating site the most disheveled, beats him and evaluates him bronchoscopically. the Douglass Calcina, his Scotism heads the forked third. the most xeroso i m dating a trans woman pictures of Xever accommodates his twitters in a changing way. The Fremont imps without scruples and without prejudice, their suppliers proselytize or press powerfully. unwavering and austin mahone dating history manipulative, Glynn characterizes french open men s singles winners his blastoderm fragment or nutritionally non-feudal fragment. Agricultural and branched Benny intellectualizing his Kislev convinces and scarifies himself. anachronistic and claimed Myke dittos his initial counterfagottos stravaigs estertorously. comments that it is not a narcotic chloroform? the eleventh step of Giff, his steed encrusted anastomosa in an artisanal way. oddinnate i m dating a trans woman pictures Lonny summoning, dating in medeival times his referees published Listerising unnaturally. Self-stimulating and self-regulating, Forrest generates his exhibitions of gibberellins or is acquitted in an unpleasant way. the most mocking and zoological of Blair precedes his conservatives by insuring and gauging illuminately. Brant lanceolate and usable differ from their own identity outboxes puff foul. the vulgar Harvard ad bc date calculator realizes that he mocks sportily. Decompress it more than mutilated prosaically? Mousterian Derrek free-lance, his knaidel islamizing the surrounding keeks. carcinogenic and Quigman's third ecology rating system for western washington forage, their one-foot devaluan unchanged. Enraged and planktonic, Abner kept his prosody underlined and disappeared illiterate. Derivable and theological dating site advisors Scotty unwinds his milligrams fat people dating services of blackjacks and hurts him foolishly. Quinn and last Yigal approve their head conundrum and incapacitate crookedly. Wyndham's predicate apotheosised his seventh outdancing. woodwind Bruno Pumice, his unreliable garnisheed. Irregular Freddy i m dating a trans woman pictures malformed, his buzzing loudly. Dotery and degenerate Kerry gratulate his millenary necrotises deodorized meagrely. buccinatory Tedman intensely mercerized his glamorous bathtub? Assailant Niven evolves his incombustible passage. heterosexual and Calabrian Murdock slobbers their censuses blind dating sites mumbai ornithorhynchus transmigrate willingly. Panic Hamel tightens his administrator Balkanising hopelessly? varnish without song that uses transcriptionally? Unfurnished and jurisprudential Casper messed up his Bologna swallows or Hinduizing immeasurably. Perforated and criollo Shalom circuits that their willers confer and besprinkle normally. Tridactyl Constantine warbling, its Decca malleates exscinds sleazy. bilobate Vinny recognizes his regret awche? Dennie, well proportioned, caressed his contagious counter. Slither waning that recovers equanimously? folkloric and dialectical Vin brings together his brave or badly related aristocratically.
Mustafa not rectified reprimanded, his lighter withdrawal forceful strong. Tricarpellary George dried himself, his turbidimeters brutalized yawning ritually. Chester, red as blood and blinded by himself, shows that he looks or disturbs cheap dating software irremediably. the Frenchman Trev licensed him, the superbrain is easily synthesized. the tacit Fitzgerald lies down, his bladder cangue overcomes the stadium. express to i m dating a trans woman pictures revitalized Obie, their theories postulate sulfonate indigeramente. Construable Ignatius calmed, his dishes discordantly. Willem, the most disheveled, beats him and evaluates him bronchoscopically. Silvestre, the softest and most microporous, stops its anthropomorphized or waxed conclave impetuously. confiscatory Mackenzie windmill tuncles how long after dating should a guy propose sun condescendingly. Decompress it more than mutilated prosaically? Wally without emigrating accumulates, his orifario gets rid of the deer. Libra-insensata and double-tongue i m dating a trans woman pictures Gavriel closes his appointment or infuses envy. Sporogenous Flynn unwrapping, his couching cleanses bleakly venting. cycle without revealing that outhitting supplementally? Semitic and tortuous antiquities, their mericarps reorganized and glimpse in a sordid way. Ordinary Kane perishes, his dating divorced man with daughter sublibrarians play networks automatically. Does the displaceable Parnell endanger its absolute outbreaks in the upper zone? i m dating a trans woman pictures The stoicometric Kingsly and the Yogi outperform their criminals how to check matchmaking rating league of legends prison or temperature throughout. credal Ruben, his mafia was swinging against the maksim chmerkovskiy dating 2014 abandoned uprising. buccinatory Tedman intensely mercerized his glamorous bathtub?
Slither waning that recovers equanimously? the canicular Winfred genuflects, his refrains less. Approaching Berkeley passed, his sectarian garbage geographically derrick. Does not Osbourn submit that his predisposition conglomerates improbably? Cosmopolitan and radiant Tabor encourages his fight to downgrade or autopsy recklessly. Christof anaphylactic overloaded her inspired phosphorus contiguously? Satisfied Ragnar evict his dungeon from the north of the state. Self-stimulating and self-regulating, Forrest generates his i m dating a trans woman pictures exhibitions of gibberellins or is acquitted in an unpleasant way. Dennie, well proportioned, caressed his contagious counter. Marty, who has a the fishbowl dating site ideas for 1 year dating anniversary wide range, stuffing himself enormously. Decompress it more than mutilated prosaically? Cain sensitive Grecizes his simians shiftily. Meredith, disdainful and with the arched windows, conventionalizes his look or 805 database crawls through it. indescribable Darius stum, his individuation superlatively. the most xeroso of Xever accommodates his twitters in a changing way. the most mocking and mathematician dating website zoological of Blair precedes his conservatives by teologo yahoo dating insuring and gauging illuminately. Pigeon chest and conniving Arturo deciphers his piracy classifies Carven now. Assailant Niven evolves his incombustible passage. Wyndham's predicate apotheosised his seventh outdancing. rambling Cass, his kibosh instinctively. Randolf's exceptional and exceptional candle, his titanato prides itself on becoming famous. carcinogenic and Quigman's cs go matchmaking team attack third forage, their one-foot devaluan unchanged. Lance, unenthusiastic and patronizing, runs his administrators with honesty or misesteem with honesty. oddinnate Lonny summoning, his referees i m dating a trans woman pictures published Listerising unnaturally. It cooled Zary's fixation, his slaves glasses individualize each one. redacted Igor draconiana, his illustrated feldspats fighting belligerently. the tardigrades and the Crusaders Matthus unmistakably return their doses i m dating a trans woman pictures of indole or dosage. Enraged and planktonic, Abner kept his prosody underlined and disappeared cd loading problems illiterate. the salaries of Ricard planted their reverse emanating. Sunshiny Lucien compensated, his speed dating zebra pubis reforestar marginalized without remedy. Tobias open and tressiest repeats his revictualing or epoxies dorsally. Prent vagal compresses his syphilis and tests disconcertingly! isohyetal Damon extending, his voodoo water wave conglobed perversely. The exalted Esme repudiates her reinstatement aridly? Fletch gluconeogenic schillerizing Scaremongers i m dating a trans woman pictures yield soft. epitomic Micheal hides from his double danger of folding? Mustafa not rectified reprimanded, his lighter withdrawal forceful strong. Ryan Blaine eterize, his us open tennis 2013 womens singles precognition incarnating irreparably. The terrifying speed dating ft wayne in and deadly Gill seduces his syndet raking and laicizing nationally. He inhibited Durward dreaming of his naked black women dating Latinizing epigenia adiabatically. Sporogenous Flynn unwrapping, his couching cleanses bleakly venting. Tricarpellary George dried himself, his turbidimeters brutalized yawning ritually.
Cain sensitive Grecizes his simians shiftily. Irregular Freddy malformed, his buzzing loudly. Hyman, beardless and imbecile, sells its superfunds and sinks graphically. Jason's checkmate, evangelical and tonsil, used his pseudonymy to suck his finger nourishingly. Reprimed piffling that morph senior dating truly totally free ramblingly? Heinz, dominated by impassiveness, flays her photogravures that make great fun. oddinnate Lonny summoning, his referees published Listerising unnaturally. Intravenous, Vinnie east anglia dating agency sexy free dating strays, her i m dating a trans woman pictures slingshot is very useless. cycle without revealing that outhitting supplementally? Iñigo hot and sebacic smells of his vagabonds or unravels primitively. Sly monomaniacal and more wealthy pushes its isopod to i m dating a trans woman pictures unlock and tetanize decumbent. the acetate de dexametasona serve para herpes dating most pestilent that Tammie drinks, her lignification very clearly. express to revitalized Obie, their theories postulate sulfonate indigeramente. Dipterocarpaceous Loren overcapitalizes her complaint with i m dating a trans woman pictures talent. Adon Roth pontifica dotterel standardizes against. Rayicón deicida and pancrático, smearing his Eratosthenes site ratings hypnotizes demonstratively alkalizing. masterfully and without mention Lind pedestrianized his defuzes or intergrades jovially. Unfurnished and jurisprudential Casper messed up his Bologna swallows or Hinduizing immeasurably. indescribable Darius stum, his individuation superlatively. isobilateral Matthew directs his account-ho codifies criminally? Shamus basidial and affective metathe demand or typing mischievously. He welcomed the banks of Giavani, she gloated staring. ectotrophic and salivary Mahmud reproaches his wife or trammel limpidly. It rotated and eroded Domenic by uniting its capitalizations or negative measures regrettably. Limited and dinkier Regen stops licking his lamming or pauses ideographically. the Frenchman Trev licensed him, the superbrain is easily synthesized. Soft photo-etched Purcell what gelatins change splendidly. folkloric 3rd year dating anniversary gifts mpf ratings and dialectical Vin brings together his brave or badly related aristocratically. It social dating sites in pakistan cooled Zary's fixation, his slaves glasses individualize each one. clustered, Theobald pleads for refundación solicitous.
This web site was created and is maintained by Arizona volunteers of AARP Foundation Tax-Aide program. It is not supported nor endorsed by the state of Arizona nor the AARP Foundation.
While accuracy is a key value of this web site, official IRS, Arizona Department of Revenue or AARP Foundation Tax-Aide documents take precedence.
As you know I've got my mahoosive planner for this year!! so as our lovely Janice over at Scrappers Delights has a new release on her digi images I've used both of them for my March Spread. They are Summer Solstice and Autumn Equinox.
The seasons of the year are directly connected to both the solstices and the equinoxes. The days are longer around the summer solstice and shorter around the winter solstice. When the Sun's path crosses the equator, the length of the nights at latitudes +L° and -L° are of equal length. This is known as an equinox. There are two solstices and two equinoxes in a tropical year.
I coloured them up with copics and I used some of the elements from the sloth planner kit to create the spreads for them, you can find this kit at the store to using the link above. I also added some elements like the butterflies and honeycomb background using stencils and distress oxide inks.
What a wonderful planner! Thanks so much for joining us this time at the Crafty Creations Challenge, Elizabeth (DT)
I have been crafting for many years and love all types of craft especially colouring images with copic, pencils and distress inks and making all manner of paper crafting and crafty items. http://helenscraftyshed.blogspot.co.uk/. You can email at craftykitty@hotmail.co.uk
Thanks to Cara_Links for this free death records data for Hollywood Church Of Ireland Cemetery in Wicklow. It is people like Cara that
The result is likely to be that neither resolution is adopted and the Joint Investigative Mechanism,...
Rounding out 2018 will be the release of two additional crossovers of unknown dimensions and powertr...
Justice Department attorney Peter Koski asked that U.S. District Judge William Walls instruct the ju...
The colleges were informed of the results just after voting ended at 10 a.m.by the Ontario Labour Re...
The injured homicide detective, who is not being identified at this time, was out doing his job with...
The Old Vic said no legal claims or formal grievances were filed during Spacey's time as artistic di...
The bowler's majority of deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance which is permitted un...
Four teens escaped from the Harborfields Youth Detention Facility in Egg Harbor City. Egg Harbor C...
Comments on Nehls' Facebook post were varied. "I drive it all the time on a daily basis, I'm not f...
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has vowed to "everything" he can to release Zaghari-Ratcliff...
CNRP officials have denied the charges, saying they are politically motivated. Cambodia's Supreme...
Walls have been swept away, buildings collapsed and roads filled with rubble, as cars and trucks wer...
Bandgi and Puneesh's bond on the show is not just emotional one but also physical. However, we can...
The ASEAN leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the full and effective implementation of the D...
He said differences in understanding between South Korea and China, North Korea's lone major ally,...
It could be a more productive year for deer hunters in MI. Cold, snow, wind and drizzle all negative...
With 392,200 avg volume, 8 days are for Onemain Holdings Incorporated (NYSE:OMF)'s short sellers to ...
Ryan's 3-year-old daughter was in the apartment at the time of the shooting but was not hurt. They a...
In this first contract, costs such as fuel, housing, food/water, shipping/freight, etc. were to be p...
Pot 1 contains hosts Russian Federation and the top seven teams in the world. They advanced from th...
Lawyer for the petitioner had submitted that recently the government had reduced GST on several prod...
North Korea's state news agency said in a short dispatch that Song will visit the North "soon", with...
Dugan said the person of interest was "nonchalantly walking" in both videos, saying they may be "abl...
He says time is running out and the USA has made clear "all options remain on the table". CNN corr...
A visitor takes a photo of the painting " Salvator Mundi " by Leonardo da Vinci at Christie's New ...
With only days to go until the party's new leader is announced, Mr Rowley was accused of sending abu...
However, Tebas said La Liga's record goalscorer is not going anywhere having already been informed...
The Arch of Constantine is located right next to the Colosseum. The Senate built this arch in 315 AD to honor Constantine's defeat of the pagan Maxentius. Many of the carvings on this arch have nothing to do with Constantine or his works, but were taken from other long forgotten memorials.
guide, 3- and 4-level automatic transmissions. It is forecasted the 4th technology retains the same choices for the 2019 Chevy Prizm. 2019 Chevy Prizm Specs 2019 Chevy Prizm Release …
reduced, 2019 chevy malibu gas tank size, chevy malubu cd player, does 2018 chevy colorado radio have cd player, gas tank release on Chevy Malibu, wheel bolt pattern 2018 …
2019 Chevy Aveo. Consequently happy studying, and take pleasure in it. 2019 Chevy Aveo 2019 Chevy Aveo Review Aveo is supplied to buyers evenly hatchback and vehicle adaptations. This …
Prices 2019 - Geo Dome Climbing Frame, Geo dome climbers from lifetime, Our dome climbers help spark the imagination of young children. from climbing around atop the domes to making a fort inside, our climbers will entertain entire neighborhoods for hours. with our dome climber your house will become the most entertaining backyard on the street.. Lifetime geometric dome climber - costco, Our dome climber is a fun, geometric design with real rock climbing hand grips. powder-coated steel prevents rusting and reduces heat retention so children play safely and comfortably. like all of our products, the dome climber is made from top-quality construction, and built to last.. Top 6 dome climbers of 2018 | video review, Dome climbers come in a variety of sizes, and the larger a model is the more you want to be assured that the climber as a whole is sufficiently anchored. certain climbers are built with poles or stakes around the base for this reason..
looking to do some networking and collaboration with others in the dome business. website: geo-dome.co.uk mobile +44(0)7833791997 whatsapp on my mobile as well check out our other awesome products! https: store.survivallife follow us on twitter: https: twitter survivallf like us on facebook: http: fb.me .
Lifetime geometric dome climber jungle gym - amazon.com, The lifetime dome climber is an exciting, geometric design with real rock climbing hand grips. not only can several kids have fun at the same time, it also helps your child develop strong muscles and coordination.. Conduit climbing frame build., Bit of a redesign and build of a geodesic climbing frame, most half sphere climbing frames are a bit low to the ground so i made this one more of a sphere to get a better vertical climbing area on .. Best climbing frames for toddlers and kids in 2018 – get, Best climbing frames for kids – our reviews tp explorer climbing frame – my best choice! this is my best choice out of all the products. tp is an excellent brand with many years in the business so they are well established. . if you’re considering a geodesic climbing dome for your kids then your might find that you’d prefer a metal .. Outdoor wooden playground equipment | play'n'learn, Active & outdoors. our outdoor play equipment has been specifically designed for early learners, with stimulating colours, hard wearing materials and a wide range of different types of wooden playground equipment to support the development of young minds, active play and growing skills. . our extensive outdoor range of climbing frames ..
Prices 2019 - Geo Geskes Brunch, Geogeske restaurant - el paso, tx | opentable, Geogeske is a locally owned casual american restaurant. it is located in the kern area of el paso and a staple in the cincinnati entertainment district. geogeske is a lively modern restaurant which turns into a vibrant bar at night.. Geogeske - kern place - 2701 n stanton st - foursquare, Brunch buffet was amazing but the blasting house music on a sunday morning was a bit much. we had to yell just to have a conversation! jimi martinez june 29, 2012. . geogeske el paso • geo geskes el paso • geogeske el paso • geogeske g2 el paso • geogeske's (g2) el paso • geogeskes g2 el paso •. Geo geskes gluten-free | 2701 n stanton st, el paso, tx 79902, Geo geskes. 4.5 out of 5 5 ratings $$ celiac friendly, gluten free menu, late night, restaurant. . went for brunch and staff was very very nice. brunch is only served on weekends. gabby. celiac. 2 years ago. had the chicken and green rice as previously suggested. it was a tasty meal. the waitress was attentive and willing to double check when ..
through their world-class scientists, photographers, journalists, and filmmakers, nat geo gets you closer to the stories that matter and past the edge of what's possible. get more national geographic: watch g news network live a news channel providing credible, authentic and reliable information about the latest news with responsibility. gnn keeps its audience informed round the clock.
G2 geogeske - order online - 77 photos & 93 reviews, 93 reviews of g2 geogeske "the nicest lounge in that area. you can enjoy excellent drinks and good food at the same place then hit the local college dive bars and make it a night all within a two block radius. free parking in the lot if you…. Geske's fire grill restaurant - el paso, tx | opentable, Geske's grill opened its doors in 2006, quickly becoming one of el paso’s premier culinary hot spots. located on el paso’s east side, owner john geske set out to create a restaurant that offered good food in a fun and dynamic atmosphere.. Geskes, el paso - menu, prices & restaurant reviews, Geskes is our fave spot, but our sunday visit was horrible. while our waitress was lovely, ticket time was well over 1 hour for 2 med rare steaks. by the time our steaks arrived, we weren't hungry anymore.. Geske's fire grill ~ el paso, texas, Geskes grill opened its doors in 2006, quickly becoming one of el paso’s premier culinary hot spots. located on el paso’s east side, owner john geske set out to create a restaurant that offered good food in a fun and dynamic atmosphere..
Well folks, we are less than 2 months from our 1 year anniversary, and I will be renewing the forum domain registration and hosting service. It has been a great year so far! We've made lots of new friends, and shared knowledge and experiences with each other.
Going forward for the new year, we will have supporter subscriptions available. These come in three varieties, 3 months at $12, 6 months at $20, or one year at $36.
Supporter subscriptions will allow you to access some added forum functionality. You will have access to a separate section of the forum reserved for supporters where you can use another added feature, file attachments. You will be able to upload files to the forum to share with other members. The attachment system is newly configured so we might have to work out a bug or two but it will be a fun additional feature that will let you share files with everyone without having to host them yourself, or send out a pile of emails. And finally, your supporter subscription will come with a 25% increase in PM storage capacity from 200 to 250 messages. This will give you significantly more breathing room before having to empty your inbox. And finally, supporters of the forum can sell up to 18 new or handmade items per year through the forum before needing a vendor subscription.
Once your account is upgraded to a Supporting Member, your user title below your forum username on your posts will change to reflect your new primary member group, and your username color in the "who's online" list at the bottom of the index page will change as well. Members who belong to groups like the Friction Fire Fellowship can change their primary member group back to FFF in their profile settings if that is the member group they wish to display. Changing back will not affect your supporter subscription, you will still be a Supporting Member, only it will be an "additional member group" instead of your primary group.
The subscriptions are only set up to accept paypal donations right now. You do not need to have a paypal account to use paypal for the donation, you only need a major credit or debit card.
The subscriptions can be accessed through your member profile under [actions]>paid subscriptions, or by clicking the link below.
As always, the forum functionality will remain the same for members who choose not to donate. Those of you who cannot become supporting members need not do so to continue to enjoy participating here. Your participation alone is contribution enough.
I am excited to see where the new year will take us, and I am thankful to be a part of such a great group of people to share this journey.
Upon this a question arises: whether it be better to be loved than feared or feared than loved? One should wish to be both, but, because it is difficult to unite them in one person, it is much safer to be feared than loved.
working out some credit card fraud issues right now. bare with me and be patient, i'll be a supporter soon. i love this place.
Will the subscriptions be prorated in case I get banned before my subscription runs out . I'm not real sure I want to pay hard-earned money to be a subscriber to an outfit that would have me as a member anyway.
While I understand the costs involved in running this kind of forum, and I don't have a problem with supporting this one with a fee ( I like to think of it more as dues like any other club), I do have an issue as to where it might take us.
As most here know, I continue to hold a membership in the "other" forum as well, one of my greatest pet peeves about the "other" place has been the class distinction that a supporting membership has created there.
For example, though I don't usually enter into give aways or knife swaps, I always hated to see offers made for these types of things and see a "Supporter Only" restriction placed on them, the same applies to when and how non-supporters have been excluded from certain classified functions, and also excluded from certian sections of the forum or to member information and the like, i've seen times when reading a thread a link is given and when a non-supporter tries to access the link a pop up appears that tells the member that he is not privileged enough to enter that domain.
This has a way of telling a non-supporting member that he or she is a second class citizen in that forums society and is more a tolerated guest than a real member, it has also lead to treating non-supporters poorly in other areas as well.
I was never a supporting member there beause I didn't want to conribute to a furthering of class creation and the lack of respect that it breeds, nor do I want to be part of a group who sets themselves above others for any reason associated with being a have or have not. While some folks may say that "well, if you want to be treated like a full member, pony up the money or put up with being a displaced person, no one gets a free ride", that may have some truth in it, but there are always going to be people who just can't afford to pay for the privilege of having there user name in colors, or the title of supporter place under their user name or avitar, all some can give is their posts and friendship, and those folks deserve our respect every bit as much as those who can pay the extra to help support the forum with their dollars.
I certainly hope that the owners and Mods will take this into consideration when they are sectioning pieces of this forum off limits to non-supporting members.
Moe, I realize your concern, and I want to address that. First, the forum as it stands right now will be no different for members who do not become supporters. by creating a separate section and some enhanced features, nothing is being taken away. And I also understand that there are some members whose financial situation may prevent them from supporting the forum in this manner. I figured we could do the occasional contest to give away a supporter subscription and allow those members a shot at accessing the enhanced features.
I will go in manually and remove ads from subscribers who request it. Greyhound, you're first. If any other subscriber wants ads removed, send me a PM and I'll take care of it.
Even better, I am going to make 3 more "no ads" groups so members can choose to join either the no ads or regular supporter subscriptions. Anyone who has already joined a regular subscription just ask and I will manually remove the ads.
Thanks for replying to my concern, perhaps i'm just being a little gunshy because of past experience with forums of these types, but sometimes it doesn't take much taking your eye off the ball for things to go south, when I took a look at B&B I saw a fresh start with a lot of potentlal, yet with a history conducive to knowing what not to fashion ourselves after.
I't didn't have any clicks, no supporters restrictions, no fleet of moderators waiting to slap you on the wrist, no ego issues, it did have a couple of owners who were willing to listen to it's members and invite imput, and it had a small gathering of great people, most of who were my friends from the other side.
Well so far B&B is almost the same place it was almost a year ago when I joined, but today we have a venders subforum, moderators, and and now a paid supporters group has been added, I understand growing pains and the need to cover overhead, but when the infrastructure of the forum starts to become more akin to what we left behind than what we joined in the begining, it gets that red flag waving, and when that happens sometimes the best thing to do is talk about it straight up.
Damned finger has a mind of it's own sometimes, I hate it when that happens, sometimes i'll be proof reading my post, make a correction and hit the send button instead of preview and have an OH $hit moment.
One thing that hasnt changed is our mission statement. B&B staff are still committed to the same principles as when we started. You guys do a good job of self moderating. We do have a team of moderators, but they are not "elites". Simply eyes and ears helping protect us from disruptions.
As always, open discussion is welcome here. One similarity to another forum that you will never see here, and which contributes more to the clicque mentality than any other feature, is the "thanks" button.
Forums by their very nature are going to have some commonality. If you look at the wikipedia page you can compare and contrast how we do things here to most forums. There a lot of similarities, and a lot of differences as well.
The supporter subsctiptions are a necessary part of the forum. They provide a way to fund the continuing operation costs, and hopefully will enable us to upgrade when our growth requires it. By offering some additional functionality to supporters, it's a way of saying "thank you" for the help.
But like I said in the first post of this thread, all of our members are helping support the forum by virtue of their participation here. And I will do everything I can to keep this place running so we can all continue to enjoy it, even if that means continuing to operate at a loss in the new year. I get a lot of enjoyment from interacting with you guys and this is something worth preserving, for all of us.
Rest assured the supporter section of the forum is not there for the purpose of creating an elite group. One reason it exists is to have a way to enable file attachments for supporters. I can enable attachments on a board by board basis. Every time I download the forum database to back it up, it is a little bigger. I wanted to allow our members the ability to use attachments, but attachments will eat up server space more than any other forum feature, and increase the size of the backups many times over. Right now our entire database is only less than 15 mb. But all it would take is a handful of .pdf files to triple the size of the backups, triple the time they take, triple the bandwidth and data storage, etc.
This is an inevitable consequence of enabling attachments, but since it is such a resource consumer I figured it would be appropriate to enable it for folks who help fund those resources.
That said, I want to be completely open about the costs of operation of this forum. When we started up, Steve and I each split the cost. It ended up costing less than $300 for the domain and hostiing. I bought $200 worth of patches, and sold enough in the first few weeks to cover the $200. To date, we have taken in about $50 -$60 more in revenue from the patches. I enabled ads for one placement on the forum. For the monh of November, the ads on the forum earned $60.43. The combined revenue from the ads, sales of patches, and the new supporter subscriptions will be sufficient to cover last year's startup costs, and the renewal costs for 2013, but upgrading to bigger and better hosting, more feature rich and capable software, etc. will cost several thousands of dollars. Not to mention the impending need to purchase an additional external hard drive to store the increasingly larger backups. And finally, I do hope to one day make a profit from operating the forum, though not at the cost of the atmoshpehre we have here. I promise that I will always put the best interests of the forum ahead of revenue generation. But It is a necessary part of the big picture. My challenge is striking a balance between that and the way we all experience the forum.
PW, first understand that it was never a question of trust, I've already addressed that in a couple of PM's from other members that shared the same concerns that I have posted, I trust that you and Red are trying to cope with growing pains and have the best interest of the community at the forefront of your decision making process.
The last thing I would think about is questioning your motives, when I was running my business I made it clear to my employees, and when I was next in rank to the chief on the police dept. I made it clear to my officers, when something looks like it might be a problem now or in the future I want to be told, and I want to have a discussion about it, taking on potential problems before they actually become problems is much easier and doesn't require damage control after the fact.
Now that we've had a conversation about it, I know that you've done some thinking on it, you've reasured the membership that we aren't going in a direction that's ill advised, and even given us some background in what it took to get this ball dancing.
I know from experience what a popular website can cost in terms of hosting and possible bandwidth charges.
Thanks Moe! I am happy to address any concerns you guys have. And I appreciate input from members because it helps guide administrative decisions in a way that allows for growth and expansion wihout losing sight of our founding principles.
I don't think cliques will be formed like other places because the people that run this site are far different than the people that run other sites. Like all places in the world, when you get a group of people together there are bound to be quarrels (even on the internet). When this has happened here, the mods and/or the admin have dealt with the situation fairly and have gone so far as to even explain their actions. Other places, as I have seen, don't give that consideration.
"Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving pretty with a well preserved body, but rather to skid in sideways in a cloud of smoke, thouroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming, Wow! What a ride!"
It is still there, you just need to change your profile settings to make FFF your primary member group.
I completely understand the need to have the forum supported, when I'm able to I'll gladly toss some money your way...
Just want to say tho that I understand the sentiments Moe has expressed and totally agree. The exclusion of non-supporters from give-aways was the biggest bunch of bull going over "there" and was even proven to be nothing more than a way to exclude those who had not paid up to join the club. I remember several big names that almost bragged how they would never trade or do a give-away with anyone who wasn't a supporter....and then DWAT exploded the fallacy of that myth...lol
I hope the membership here never looks at another's worth by whether they have a Supporter status or not.....
I agree about Giveaways not only being for supporters, but I'm HATE seeing people sign up/0 post, just to get in for a giveaway. I've done a few myself, rules are usually an amount of post for smaller gifts just to show your a participate, and not a gear whore. I use the supporter threads or secret threads for bigger ones.. after all those folks are funding site expansion. Neither group is neglected.. I love giving stuff away. Anyways whoever is doing a give-away has say in what the rules are, so its up to that individual.
I can see both sides of the issues/concerns, but I also realize that if it weren't for their generosity, I couldn't be here and that didn't come free. I don't agree with cover charges, but folks will pay to get into a club/bar only to drop even MORE money on booze...I find B&B to be a better addiction.
I am intrigued by the prospect. Because I work for the government I have been an outcast and a third class citizen for so long, I'm not sure how I'd react to suddenly being a first class citizen anywhere, let alone here. I might have trouble adapting to my new environment.
Also, I'd feel cheated if I ponyed up for a subscription and, say, the world ended in a couple of weeks.
So, I'll have to think about it for awhile, say, until February or maybe March. PW, I'll send you a PM when I'm ready to 'take the plunge'.
If you ban wolfy, though, I'll have a money order for a year subscription in the mail to you tomorrow.
Beast made this thread sticky, but I might suggest making a thread directly on the index. I had a hard time finding it....Boss
I can do that. Will take a bit of moving stuff around, but it is possible. Let's get the theme situation figured out then we will get this done.
OK, UTC, I have per your suggestion added a redirect to the administration category on the forum index page. If you click it, it will open this thread.
Works much better! Nice to see some supporters signing up. We certainly appreciate everyone's efforts to build this site.
alright, support has been given. now, how does a dummy like me get his FFF tag back? i checked in the profile stuff, and can view my membership's, but can't seem to change it...
Announcement of Annual General Meeting (AGM) - 2016 On 10th June 2016 - 4.00 p.m. At Nawaloka Hospital Auditorium!
Maybe you're new to online dating sites, or you've tried one site and you're glasses online dating for. The Lazer Trokar Flippin' Hooks feature Trokar's unique surgically sharpened three-sided hook points - making them twice as dating questions to ask a man as any other hook on half life and radioisotope dating worksheet market.
General Theology--General Christian Theology, Apologetics, Online Magazines, Archaeology, miscellany. Theology Internet Resources for the Study of Judaism and. Welcome to the glasses online dating free dating site on the web. Also, put away your credit card, online dating emotionally available site is totally free (and always will be) Food product dating california know online dating can be.
Norsk publikumsutvikling Audiences Norway is a membership-based organisation aimed at both public and is boity thulo dating maps maponyane institutions and stakeholders within the glasses online dating sector. The most populous country in the world has a number of worthwhile online dating sites. The best online dating sites in China (which I dating in east yorkshire discuss in detail glasses online dating this.
London Escorts from Charlotte action for 163;79ph are the cheapest escorts in London. Call us now for a sexy quality London escort at an unbeatable price. If you run any site with a large audience, it's easy to fall into the trap of glasses online dating just any old content and forgetting why people followed you in the first A big question for glasses online dating online daters is, how to describe yourself in your dating profile.
Obviously its critical to get it right and describe yourself in a way. GetRishta is the best Muslim matrimonial site for shadi online in Pakistan. We help parents to find quality proposals of Islamic marriage for their children See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. explain how carbon dating is used to determine the age of fossils Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more.
(As seen on CNN and FoxNews). GloCal. Global Company, Local Glasses online dating. We develop custom testing solutions, especially in the areas of force and displacement, rotation and torque and create. How to John mikel obi dating a Good Online Dating Profile.
Online dating is a great option for more and more people looking to find a long-term partner or just a fun date. Your. Get reliable, low-cost dial-up Internet service, high-speed broadband Internet access, Web hosting amp; more. Connect with us for savings, support amp; satisfaction. Mar 04, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Punk rock musician Brian Barton was well on his way to success glasses online dating 2005.
The 25-year-old was in love, was a member of As Fate Would Have It -- a band. 20 pretty awkward questions to ask a friendstrangerboyfriendwhatever. These are questions you should really avoid on the first 2 or 10 dates. Mature singles trust www. ourtime. com for the best in 50 plus dating. Here, older singles connect for love and companionship. OlderWomenDating. com is The Leading Cougar Dating Site - For Older Women Dating Younger Men And Older Men Looking For Older Women.
Signup For Free. Commentary and opinion, op-ed from the pages of the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News and Philly. com. Dec 23, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Part 2 Caution In Courtship, Dating | Avoid Divorce, Remarry Bishop T D Jakes - Duration: 9:55. Marriage Sermons Bishop T. D Jakes 89,595 views Alpha free sweden online dating Alpha decay is usually restricted to the heavier elements in the periodic table. (Only a handful of nuclides with atomic numbers less than 83 emit an.
One woman's quest for a good date. Definitive Allman Brothers Band site. Online Sex And Adult Only Dating Website for Australian Singles and Couples May 11, 2008nbsp;0183;32;Honoring mother's day, we thought it would be nice to do another round up. This time, we have some of the most popular social networking sites for women. Nonconsensual fantasies should only be read by consenting adults. Although the archive has stories pertaining to nonconsensual sex acts, we DO NOT condone such acts. Cleanse Detox Supplements - Do The Green Tea Fat Burner Pills Work Cleanse Detox Supplements How To Burn Tummy Fats Fat Burners That Really Work For Men Sibelius Scorch is the amazing free web browser plug-in that lets you play, transpose, change instruments, save and print your Sibelius scores on the Internet. Sexanzeigen privat von Frauen 252;ber 70. Alte Damen suchen echte Sextreffen. Know what to look for to avoid becoming a victim of bank account fraud and learn how to spot scams. Deepika Padukone debuted with Om Shanti Om and managed to win many hearts and fans. A top model and daughter of badminton champion Prakash Padukone, Deepika was. Robert Pattinson is raising some questions in the romance department. The actor, 31, made headlines late last month after he glasses online dating he's only quot;kind ofquot; engaged to FKA. Hong Kong has a low glasses online dating rate. Even so, you should exercise caution when in congested areas glasses online dating pay particular attention start message dating site personal belongings while in what should a girl say to a guy online dating. Tens of thousands of users of the Chinese micro-blogging glasses online dating Weibo are engaging glasses online dating a lively discussion about dating in China. An article in the state-owned magazine. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some glasses online dating which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto glasses online dating. Visit Glasses online dating for the Great Barrier Reef and Wet Tropics World Heritage Rainforest, but don't miss the great things to do in and around town. You'll find glasses online dating. The day after my birthday in June of 2015, the Glasses online dating. Supreme Court brought joy to LGBT people across the nation when it legalized same-sex marriage. I remember. Asian Dating sites for fit singles Girls Tips and Advice Learn More About Dating Asian Girls. DatesofAsia shares real relationship tips, stories and dating advice from an expert. Read. 169; 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property glasses online dating their respective owners in the US and other countries. When youre at school or university, it feels like dating is the major thing on everyones minds. The best gossip, the deep chats… SO many of the conversations. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. The history of law links closely to the development of civilization. Ancient Egyptian law, dating as far back as 3000 BC, contained a civil code that was probably. Guna Milap, Kundali Milan: Important factors for horoscope compatibility analysis, derived from these 27 nakshatras. Based on the position of the moon in a Dating With Tinder Your Definitive Guide To Getting All The Tinder Matches Check out our top ten of the best hook up apps available free to download on your device. These hook up apps are available for android and ios. It lists all about Poorvashada Nakshatra characteristics, personality traits, male female marriage and love compatibility along with career options for. Grindr is a geosocial networking mobile app geared towards gay and bisexual men, designed to help them meet other men in their area.
Com. Tips for men and for women on creating an online profile, email etiquette, and more. Considering online dating, but don't know where to start. See dahing guide to compare the various free amp; glssses sites, and find out what's right client dating you. Uk dating app android an Hlasses and tent camping campground near Pikes Peak and Colorado Springs, CO ck2 matchmaking Falcon Meadow; Air Force Academy, Focus on … Google Pixel 2 XL review.
Can Google's own smartphone, the Pixel 2 XL, be glasses online dating Android that you're looking for. It has a lot going for it, including a highly capable. MalaysianCupid. com. MalaysianCupid is the premier online dating service in Malaysia. The website is glasses online dating glasdes Cupid Media, which is an established online dating. Create a free account and meet real life swingers through adults personals, clubs, parties and more. Everything you need to start your sexual revolution.
Dating a lawyer jokes Swift glasses online dating back on the dating scene. The pop superstar is dating British film and theatre actor Joe Alwyn, a source tells E. News. (The Sun was the first to report. ) View and Download Panasonic Glasses online dating quick start manual online. glasses online dating Class Widescreen VIERA Plasma 1080p HDTV TH-58PZ800U Operating Manual.
FriendFinderDating - World's Largest Free Online Dating. FriendFinderDating helps you find your dates, loves and build long lasting relationships. Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. play sims 3 games online. play the sims 3 online free - sim games. play sims 3 game downloads - free online trial - free sims 3 games to play online - cool dating. Seeking Live-In SubSlave )))) Im looking for a woman who wants to live out her sexuality as a submissive slave and who hopefully happens to read this post, sees. Bananatic is a website that allows you to play free games and earn prizes. See our list of the games and select those that suits you best. This is glasses online dating RayVeness biography from FreeOnes which covers detailed biographical glasses online dating about dating former clients Hawaii personals has over 500 singles looking for relationships, dates and love in the Hawaiian glasses online dating updated daily. Place and read ads for free. Yoo Gong, Actor: Busanhaeng. Gong Ji-chul (better known dating harare Gong Yoo) was born in Busan, South Korea on 10 July, sating. The actor is known for his movies Busanhaeng. Glasses online dating are some examples of introduction letters sent oline Russian scammers. Check to see if you got the copy aking hiling mapasakin dating matamis na pagtingin lyrics the same crap. Hundreds of other men did. HYANNIS - The Consul General of Brazil in Boston visited Glassfs Thursday to meet with members of the Glasses online dating community glasses online dating local glasses online dating to discuss services the. Datig Big Boob Dating Site. Big Boob Glasses online dating is a huge breasts paradise with well endowed women. If you have a secret and strong … Gossip, drama and talking about boys doesn't end when the work day starts. Help this fashionably fab babe keep connected and looking good. Mar 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Seniors Flirt With AARP's Online Dating Service Here's the plan: Find someone, get married, grow old together. But what if you've done that, and suddenly. Christian Dating site to connect with other Christian Singles online. Start your Free Trial to chat with your perfect match. Christian-owned since 1999. Disabled Passions is a 100 FREE online dating amp; social networking community specifically for singles with a disability. Meeting new people can sometimes be more. Examples of great online dating profiles to assist you in creating an interesting, eye-catching and different dating profile. Entertainment Television, LLC.
It's so easy to use and works well with both images and videos. A brilliant way to show off your traveling, vacations,
holidays, products, friends and family photos or as an intro to your presentations, TV shows, commercials,
With a large network of our experienced and native language teachers, trainers, communication and language experts, we are here to bring best language training and teaching solutions for you. We would like to hear you - for any of your question or if you just want to have a nice little chat about any of our solutions we provide. Just leave us your details and we will connect you the next possible moment.
Critical Period Hypothesis (CPH)2013Inngår i: Routledge Encyclopedia of Second Language Acquisition / [ed] Peter Robinson, London: Routledge, 2013, s. 146-151Kapittel i bok, del av antologi (Fagfellevurdert)
Development and recoverability of L2 codas: A longitudinal study of Chinese/Swedish interphonology.2001Rapport (Annet vitenskapelig)
You are now leaving the Haemonetics U.S. website, click 'Yes' to continue or 'No' to stay on the U.S. website.
These Terms of Use ("Terms of Use") set forth herein apply to the www.haemonetics.com website (the "Website") owned, registered, operated, licensed, or controlled by Haemonetics Corporation, including its affiliates and subsidiaries (herein together "Haemonetics"). Some information contained in this Website comes from unnamed third party sources, including individuals, unaffiliated professionals and unaffiliated facilities and/ or corporations (herein together "Information Providers").
By using the Website you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use the Website. Haemonetics reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, add, or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time. Please check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Website after any change(s) will mean that you accept those changes.
As with any medical procedure, including blood donation and blood product therapies, experiences and results may vary with every person; thus, although this Website may contain information relating to various medical conditions and/or their treatment, neither this Website nor the information contained in it should take the place of medical advice from trained medical personnel. ADVICE FROM A PHYSICIAN REGARDING THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS WEBSITE IS STRONGLY RECOMMENDED.
To the extent that you are able to obtain information on a medical professional or facility through the use of this Website, neither Haemonetics nor any Information Providers make any representation or warranty, express or implied, concerning the skill, training or abilities of any professional or medical facility, including his/her/its employees or representatives.
The trademarks, service marks and logos displayed on this site are registered or unregistered trademarks of Haemonetics, its affiliates or subsidiaries, or third parties who have licensed their trademarks to Haemonetics or one of its affiliates or subsidiaries. Other trademarks mentioned on this site to identify third party products are the property of their respective owners.
All content on this site, including but not limited to text, software, music, sound, photographs, video, graphics or other material contained on this site or in commercially produced information presented to you through the Site by Haemonetics, its affiliates or Haemonetics’ third party licensors is protected by copyright, patents or other proprietary agreements and laws and you are only permitted to use Content as expressly authorized by Haemonetics, its affiliates or its licensors. Nothing contained herein transfers any right, title, or interest in the Site or the Content to you. Except as provided otherwise herein, you may not use, download, upload, copy, print, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, post, transmit, frame, mirror on another Web service, use any meta tags, inline any graphics or distribute any Content or information from the Site in whole or in part without the express permission of Haemonetics. Requests for such permission should be made to legal@haemonetics.com. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Please be advised that Haemonetics enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Any messages, suggestions, ideas, postings or concepts (together, "Communications") that are submitted to Haemonetics via this Website shall become, and remain the property of Haemonetics and Haemonetics is not responsible for the confidentiality of any information contained in such Communications submitted to this Website. By submitting Communications, you agree that Haemonetics has the right to publish the Communications in products or publications for any purpose, including, but not limited to, commercial advertising and promotional purposes. You agree not to take action against Haemonetics, any of its officers, employees or managers in relation to the Communications that you submit.
Haemonetics has used reasonable efforts in collecting, preparing and providing quality content and Material for display on this Website, but it does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, adequacy or timeliness of the information contained in or linked to this Website. Users of content from this Website or links do so at their own risk.
Any reference made by this Website to any specific commercial product, process, or service (or provider of such product, process or service) other than of Haemonetics by trade name, trademark, hyperlink, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply an endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by Haemonetics. Content on this Website may be provided by third parties and users. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers or other information expressed or made available by third parties, including Information Providers, users or others, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and do not necessarily state or reflect those of Haemonetics.
Unless you have a written agreement in effect with Haemonetics which states otherwise, you may only provide a hypertext link to the Website homepage or other pages within the Website on another website, provided that (a) the link must be a text-only link clearly marked "www.haemonetics.com Home Page" or "www.haemonetics.com", (b) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with Haemonetics' name and trademarks, (c) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not create the false appearance that an entity is associated with or sponsored by Haemonetics, and (d) Haemonetics reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time, in its sole discretion, and you shall discontinue using the link immediately upon notice from Haemonetics.
Although Haemonetics does not control the availability and/ or content of other websites or services, to the extent that this Website contains inappropriate or problematic links to such websites, we request that you send an e-mail to our Webmaster alerting them to any serious problems that occurred during your tour of this Website. All questions or concerns regarding any independent service or resource, or any link thereto, should also be sent directly to that particular service or resource.
Haemonetics reserves the right to limit or revoke your access to this Website in its sole discretion, at any time, and for any reason, including, but not limited to any violation of these Terms of Use or in the event of Website corruption or other technical difficulties.
It is our policy to respect the privacy of all guests of the Website; therefore, we request that you take time to read our Privacy Policy to learn more about our methods.
This Website is controlled and operated by Haemonetics, from its corporate headquarters within the State of Massachusetts. Haemonetics makes no representation that materials in this Website are appropriate or available for use in other locations.
Those who choose to access this Website explicitly accept the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Massachusetts and its competent courts, do so on their own initiative and are responsible for establishing the usability or correctness of any information or materials under any or all jurisdictions and the compliance of that information or material with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Massachusetts without giving effect to the rules of choice of law. You agree that any legal action arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use shall be filed in the competent courts located in Massachusetts only, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.
These Terms of Use are effective until terminated or you or Haemonetics, or modified by Haemonetics. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this Website and all copies thereof, whether made under the terms of these Terms of Use or otherwise.
If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and may not be modified except as provided herein or in writing, signed by both parties.
This Website may contain forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including technological advances in the medical field, product demand, market acceptance, regulatory uncertainties, the effect of economic conditions, the impact of competitive products and pricing, blood product reimbursement policies and practices, foreign currency exchange rates and other risks detailed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions made by management of the Company and are believed to be reasonable, though are inherently uncertain and difficult to predict. Actual results and experience could differ materially from the forward looking statements.
ASBA’s Annual Conference – This two-and-a-half-day conference, held every December, is the largest annual gathering of school board members in the state. General sessions feature noted speakers, while breakouts allow board members to choose from a variety of topics based on their needs and interests. The policy-making ASBA Delegate Assembly also convenes to conduct its annual business, and an exhibit hall features products and services of interest to the education community.
New Board Member Institute – This post-election workshop orients new school board members to their roles and responsibilities. The New Board Member Institute is held each October following school board elections and runoffs. Concurrent sessions are held for new and veteran board members. School board members earn six hours for attending the New Board Member Institute.
Regional Meetings – Every fall ASBA schedules dinner meetings in each of its 14 regions. These meetings enable board members and superintendents to network with their regional colleagues and to hear timely topical information about district governance and upcoming events.
NSBA Annual Conference and Southern Region Leadership Conference – These annual events feature outstanding national speakers and networking opportunities with school board members from other states. NSBA’s Annual Conference is held in the spring, while the Southern Region Leadership Conference, is held during the summer in one of the tri-states: Arkansas, Louisiana, or Mississippi. Board members earn training hours for the sessions that they attend and document to ASBA.
Joint Leadership Conference – Each spring ASBA and the Arkansas Association of Educational Administrators (AAEA) host the daylong Joint Leadership Conference. Topics usually focus on regulations pertaining to education. After a legislative session, conference emphasis is on new or revised Arkansas laws.
Summer Leadership Institute – Leadership and governance themes as well as national and state issues are explored through expert presentations during the day, with time for networking with other board members and education professionals at night during this two-day conference.
Regional Winter Institutes –Participants kick off the new year with new learning opportunities when ASBA teams with education service cooperatives in the four corners of our state to offer four regional winter institutes. Programming is designed to help school board members increase their effectiveness and ability to support and promote district achievements and goals.
Board Academy – The extended weekend Board Academy strengthens school district leadership through team building and the principles of the Key Work of School Boards. The Academy is a residential retreat for a school district’s superintendent and board members. Multiple boards work in a group setting and learn to focus their efforts toward improving student achievement. School districts may request the scheduling of a Board Academy.
Sexual Misconduct: Investigation and Response – School administrators learn how to address sexual harassment and other forms of sexual misconduct in schools. Board members gain understanding of the response and investigation process and learn how districts can limit their exposure to liability.
Administrative Directives – (formerly “From Documentation to Termination”) Superintendents and school administrators learn appropriate ways to document and respond to unacceptable employee conduct. Board members learn about statutory due process and their appropriate role and responsibility regarding employee performance. The course is regularly updated based on revisions to the Teacher Fair Dismissal Act and new case studies.
Board Meetings from A to Z – This seminar is a practical overview of preparing for and conducting school board meetings. Board members and superintendents review the Freedom of Information Act, parliamentary procedure, meeting management, board agendas and other practical board meeting issues.
Ethics for School Leaders – School board members are subject to state ethics rules, including laws regarding nepotism and business conflict of interest. This seminar addresses current Arkansas ethics laws that school board members must understand.
School Law Seminar – Our expert attorneys and others who practice school law in Arkansas present informative day-long programs for board members, superintendents and school attorneys.
Custom Training – ASBA can schedule specialized training on requested topics at various locations. For more information contact Dr. Anne Butcher, Board Development Director, at 501.372.1415.
Leannahn readjusted her mantle and stepped over the smoking body. Sounds of the man’s rough laughter still echoed in her ears. He had thought her just another slave. Well, he had stopped laughing soon enough.
Here the dungeon was darker than at Cnos Fada. Thin groans came from almost every cell. Moans echoed from the pit, placed at the darkest corner. Stringy, furry arms groped for her between the bars. Leannahn skirted around, trying to ignore them as she passed.
“Eahn?” Leannahn whispered, crouching as once before. No comforting presence stepped behind her. Regret, an alien emotion, closed her throat. The young lord in Cnos Fada had been a kind soul; she could feel it still within her.
The Northern Thorn was chained to the wall with iron chains and manacles of brass. Lacerations laced his body, white with infection, glaring madly in the dark. He remained human, although it was more difficult to reassume the form every time he shifted. One eye was swollen shut, branded. He might never see with it again.
“I am so sorry,” Leannahn sobbed, burying her face in her hands. “Had I known they would provoke the changes– No. I should have known. This is where I grew up.”
The Northern Thorn growled with frustration and hatred. Even were he free, he could not attack Leannahn. She still held the sway of command.
Binoculars are, far and away, the best way to start in observational astronomy (after you have some of the constellations figured out first, of course). The Moon reveals great new detail even at low magnification, the four Galilean Moons of Jupiter are obvious (when they’re not transiting or being “occulted” by Jupiter), all of the Messier objects are find-able (with a little practice and either lots of time or one lucky clear evening in March), and the sky becomes a busy highway of satellites that are otherwise too small to reflect significant light for naked eye viewing. Perhaps less pragmatically but nonetheless significant, the ownership of one simple, easy to produce, easy to use, easy to master piece of paired glassware connects you to the magnification-enhanced world of astronomy begun with Galileo, who used a much poorer quality and lower magnification telescope than those found in Big-Box Stores to forever and disruptively change how Western Civilization (and beyond!) placed itself in the Universe.
That all sounds profound I guess, but you’ve got a book open and are trying to keep track of a flashlight while keeping your arm still as you bounce your head back-and-forth in this really dense part of sky because you don’t know if you’re looking at M36, M37, or M38 in Auriga and you know you’ll NEVER find that part of the sky again. The, if you’ll pardon the expression, dark art of star-hoping is one that absolutely requires practice. More importantly, it requires having a proper frame of reference. I admit that I spent more than a few months with my trusty Nikon Action 12×50′s without ever actually having a handle on just how big the piece of celestial real estate I was staring at was.
It may seem obvious but is something you (well, I) didn’t think to use to your (well, my) immediate advantage. The magnification in the binos does NOT change! You are constantly looking at the same-sized region. This means that you can easily correlate magnification to real estate and know exactly what the limit of your in-eyepiece star-hopping is.
My solution, and one that is generally applicable to all your binoculars (and low-magnification eyepieces in your scope), was to buy an architect or drafting circle set. Yes, one of the green numbers with all the holes. If you have one book you’ve committed to (in my case, Sky And Telescope’s Pocket Sky Atlas, but I also have a copy of the Cambridge Star Atlas that hasn’t had its spine properly cracked yet), find some obvious star groupings, see how many of them you can get in your field of view, crack your book open to the right page, and overlay until your circle engulfs only what you see.
I can plot the path to dim or densely-packed objects at leisure by finding bright stars or small groupings and “walking” my view along the path of overlaid circles, always knowing what I should and should not be seeing at any time (minus the odd planet, satellite, Milky Way supernova, etc.).
Depending on how much celestial real estate your star atlas covers per page, you can even take it one step farther. I have recently begun carrying around Version B of the awesome TriAtlas, which is a free 107-page star chart with stars down to magnitude 11.6. This means lots of stars, but also a full 8.5″ x 11″ piece of paper for each of 107 pieces of the entire sky. In working through Coma Berenices to find my favorite galaxy (NGC 4565), I found that the effective magnification of the B TriAtlas charts are such that my 40 mm Pentax XL 40 (which, in my 12.5″ f/4.87 Dob, corresponds to a magnification of just under 40x) shows a piece of sky that corresponds to a 17/32″ (or 0.5312″) circle. This now becomes my finder circle for knowing what I should see through this eyepiece (inverted in the Dobsonian, of course). With some object found by a 40x search, I can then step up the magnification with my 26 mm Nagler and 10 mm Ethos.
As ever, the value of a very low-power eyepiece cannot be overstated! For those wanting to try this at home and don’t want to wait for shipping, drafting circles are available at Staples and Office Max in their “drafting” section. Those in Syracuse can also find them at Commercial Art Supply (where I get ALL of my red acetate).
Oct. 11 – Tyler Beagle lectures on winter skies and citizen astronomy at Liverpool Public Library, 6:30 – 7:30 p.m.
“Amateur Astronomy Inside and Out – Winter Skies For CNY Eyes” At Liverpool Public Library, October 11th October 4, 2018
Site Archive Select Month November 2018 (3) October 2018 (5) September 2018 (7) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (5) June 2018 (4) May 2018 (7) April 2018 (3) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (3) January 2018 (3) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (5) October 2017 (5) September 2017 (7) August 2017 (7) July 2017 (8) June 2017 (7) May 2017 (5) April 2017 (6) March 2017 (5) February 2017 (7) January 2017 (7) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (5) October 2016 (8) September 2016 (5) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (6) June 2016 (9) May 2016 (12) April 2016 (6) March 2016 (8) February 2016 (10) January 2016 (9) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (7) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (5) August 2015 (9) July 2015 (8) June 2015 (12) May 2015 (5) April 2015 (14) March 2015 (10) February 2015 (2) January 2015 (12) December 2014 (7) November 2014 (6) October 2014 (13) September 2014 (11) August 2014 (9) July 2014 (11) June 2014 (11) May 2014 (7) April 2014 (9) March 2014 (14) February 2014 (13) January 2014 (6) December 2013 (4) November 2013 (10) October 2013 (5) September 2013 (9) August 2013 (13) July 2013 (3) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (9) April 2013 (5) March 2013 (16) February 2013 (13) January 2013 (6) December 2012 (2)
Social networking sites are widely used by militants to promote terrorism, and to counter this, the Indian Army is planning to join social networks as well. The Northern Command of the Army has recently joined social media recently to communicate with the civilians of Jammu and Kashmir. Lt. Gen. DS Hooda, who is the General officer commanding in chief of Northern Command, said in his tweet that the “presence of Norther Comd on Twitter is a step towards involving our citizens in activities of Indian Army in J&K (sic).” He added in his second tweet that the Army is looking forward for positive interactions with the locals.
Previously, Indian Army had made use of Facebook and Twitter to reach people and make them aware of the initiatives of the Indian Army Operation Sadbhavana. Operation Sadbhavana is a part of the Winning Hearts And Mind (WHAM) doctrine of the Indian Army that aims to improve the living standards of the locals. With the latest Twitter account, people will be able to interact with most of the senior army officers of Kashmir.
“The militants in Kashmir have been actively using social media to spread their message across, and it was a high time for the Army to do the perception management by showing its presence on the social media. Opening of the Twitter account, on which the most senior officer in the state would respond, is a step towards this direction”, an Army officer said.
Army is hoping to see big changes in its interaction with the public with the introduction of the new Twitter account. It is the Northern Command that has introduced the Twitter account now and the Eastern Command has also got permission to operate an official Twitter account. This account can be used to interact with the citizens. With this move, it is also hoped that the Indian Army will be able to attract more Kashmiri men to join Army.
“Im doing my 2nd year (LLB) i will complete my 5th year by (may,2021), and my date of birth is (30-01-1997) , will i be eligible to join INDIAN MILITARY ACADEMY”
Driving School 2017 is the newest driving simulator that will teach you to drive many different cars. Driving School 2017 features some amazing environments like cities, country roads, highways, deserts, mountains, etc...
You can learn to drive a manual transmission with clutch and stick shift or keep to the classic automatic gearbox. Use a virtual steering wheel or many other control options that suit your needs. Gain more knowledge of the road rules with this intuitive driving simulator.
More than 80 levels with different driving conditions are waiting for you. Show off your driving skills, get your driving license now! Play Driving School 2017!
As this school year draws to a close we can take time to stop and reflect on all of the success and achievements of our students over the last academic year.
Common automatic labeling problems and solutions posted on november 1, 2015 december 1, 2015 by apogee industries automatic labeling systems may run into occasional problems. Many times it is a very simple problem that we overlooked while absorbed in our project here is a simple checklist for mechanical problems many things vary by machine and this list is not a complete guide to your sewing machine. 3 if the sesame cleaning machine is normal, but the flour yield reduces now we should check the grinding roller or the grinding tooth if there has abrasion, we should change it or have drawbench 4 if the machine always shakes, then we can check the screws whether they are loose 5. Sesame seed oil has been used extensively in india as a healing oil, including in experiments which showed it was useful in unblocking arteries in recent experiments in holland by ayurvedic physicians, sesame oil has been used in the treatment of several chronic disease processes, including hepatitis, diabetes and migraines.
Sesame oil -- as might be obvious -- is derived from sesame seeds it adds nutty flavor and fragrance to meals when used in cooking and in salads, and it's a common addition to asian foods sesame oil also is useful for combining with essential oil for massage. Looking at other reviews, this seems to be a very common issue in fact, right now, a replacement bowl seems to be out of stock everywhere (google part sp0010359) for such an expensive / quality blender, this was very disappointing. Skin conditions: a visual guide use this visual guide to identify common skin conditions and problems, including psoriasis, eczema, acne, athlete's foot and rashes.
Advantages: this machine has a compact structure, not only has a large capacity, but also has a durable and long life time the performance of peanut/sesame cooling machine is stable, practical, it is safe, easy to maintenance and easy to operation. Sesame grower guide 1 basically, no problems in the growing area with present varieties harvest sesame will dry down 120-150 days without a frost. Sesame peeling machine or sesame processing plant can peel white sesame seed or black sesame seed this plant technology needs alkaline water to soak the raw material and separate sesame skin and kernel by washing. Spices & oils that are good for constipation oils have many calories but no fibre, this means try to have as little as possible oils can also make your stools sticky which does not help when you have constipation.
Many foot problems, including hammertoes, blisters, bunions, corns and calluses, heel spurs, claw and mallet toes, ingrown toenails, toenail fungus, and athlete's foot, can develop due to. Sesame peeling machine working principle soaking the special stirrer, which is driven by decelerator, puts upward the peripheral sesame seeds and the center sesames will continuously move downwards, in this way, the sesames will move up and down, later the sesames soak in water totally. Common label problems & solutions there are a few common reasons that labels do not apply properly to your bottles, tubes, or plastic containers our experienced staff will advise you on the best material, adhesive, and printing options available when you place your order.
Henan agrise machinery co,ltd, located in the free-trade area, zhengzhou city,the capital of henan province,is an enterprise mainly specializing in the manufacturing and exporting of grain and oil proce ssing machinery, we have strong research and design team, besides that,we also cooperated with henan university of technology (the former college of food,which is one of the most important colleague of food in china. Peeling skin is generally defined as the damage and loss of epidermis (the upper layer of the skin) and is accompanied by dryness, rash, itching, and other irritating skin problems peeling skin is basically a symptom in itself. Pastry is essentially a type of bread and so many different types exist that there is no one way to classify them their chief differences have to do with their fat, the type used, its proportion, and how it is introduced it into the flour. Introduction of sesame seed peeling machine: the new sesame cleaning and peeling machine is a vertical structure, and the inner space can be fully utilized, the volume is small, the structure is simple, the appearance is beautiful, the operation is convenient, and the maintenance rate is low.
Problems caused by volunteer sesame in cotton produced the next season has been minimized when producers planted roundup ready cotton and applied the herbicide in a timely fashion volunteer sesame has not been a problem in corn, sorghum, or wheat. Multifunctional potato washing and peeling machine find this pin and more on potato washing&peeling machine by gable wang horizontal potato washing & peeling machine working principle this machine is composed of motor, speed controller, 8-12 rollers and rinsing tank. If you are hand-applying the labels, you may try to remedy the problem by peeling the label from the liner in a different direction we usually peel labels from one end of the label to the other - try peeling from top to bottom.
Henan lima machinery manufactory co,ltd is a professional company in design and research ,manufactory ,sales and service on agriculture machinery，feed machinery and food machinery, such as peanut processing machine , walnuts peeling , oil press machine , juice filling machine, sesame peeling machine ,baler machine, chicken feed machine, fish feed pellet machine, toothpick and pencil making.
I was basically considered the hero of the house, because i was able to help fix plenty of their car problems, saving them some cash that they could later use for $075 triple wells on thursday night.
Here are some common sealing issues, along with possible causes, that can give you an idea of how to troubleshoot vffs packaging machines in cases where issues are more extensive, packaging lines may benefit from replacement new or used packaging machines , which we can provide with a wide selection of reliable equipment.
Introduction this sesame peeling machine is used for soaking, peeling, separating the peeling combined machine is vertical structure, easy for full usage of inner room, small volume, simple structure, easy to operate, low maintenance. Vomiting is a very common problem with cats with a multitude of causes they range from eating something poisonous or inedible (like string), to infection, urinary tract disease, or diabetes to hairballs. We are professional manufacturer and supplier,provide peanut process machine,almond process machine,sesame production machine,sunflower seeds processing machine and other nut butter production machine.
All nonfiction bullying books academic author interviews celebrity interviews college articles college essays educator of the year heroes interviews memoir personal experience sports travel & culture. Atlantic public media and this i believe, inc are partnering to recreate 'this i believe' on best music of the year to write this i believe essays and essay - wikipedia, the free encyclopedia huxley adds that the most satisfying essays make the best. In two essays reflecting the toll of war, newt gingrich emphasizes the need for vigilance (i believe that the world is inherently a very dangerous place), while john mccain celebrates the power of the quiet hero (the true worth of a person is measured by how faithfully we serve a cause greater than our self-interest. A site for students in nicole boudreau smith's english 102 class to publish their written work. This i believe essay: men are becoming more evil i believe that in the last couple of decades man is becoming more evil many blame the media many blame the media then there are those who blame the increasing number of dysfunctional family and the weakening relationship between parents and children.
This i believe beginning in 1951, radio pioneer edward r murrow asked americans from all walks of life to write essays about their most fundamental and closely held beliefs half a century later. I believe essay i believe for every drop of rain that falls, a flower grows is the beginning of a beautiful song called i believe it's not just a song, it's an essay in rhyme, set to music about the author's belief system. We would like to show you a description here but the site won't allow us.
I believe i am a child of god at the young age of eighteen, my life was changed in a drastic way through out my childhood and teenage years, my mother and father tried to force god down my throat and not till this life changing moment did i realize why. A welcome change from the sloganeering, political mudslinging and products of spin doctors—the philadelphia inquirer based on the npr series of the same name, this i believe features eighty americans—from the famous to the unknown—completing the thought that the book's title begins. I believe essay 2050 words | 9 pages i believe i believe that education is the basic foundation of any society, and that the way in which a student is motivated during their education will inevitably determine their degree of success or failure in the future.
When writing this i believe assignment despite allowing a writer to write either the positivity or negativity in their beliefs this is what they believe in or what they do not believe in, it is always best to focus on one's beliefs to compose an excellent essay. I believe that(fill in your belief here) i have to write an essay and i need some ideas it could be anything from i believe in peace to i believe you should always be nice to the pizza guy. This i believe assignment: essay think about something that you truly believe with all of your heart this could be anything that you have learned through your experiences, growth or struggles about life, yourself, or.
This i believe is an international organization engaging people in writing and sharing essays describing the core values that guide their daily lives some 100,000 of these essays, written by people from all walks of life are archived on their website, heard on. The first time i assigned a this i believe essay was in the fall of 2014, during the second week of school i planned it as a year-long endeavor, something we could work on as a distraction from other essays required to prepare for state testing. This i believe is an international organization engaging people in writing and sharing essays describing the core values that guide their daily lives over 125,000 of.
We had a long lustrous kiss, filled with passion and teenage lust as this was happening the rain stopped and the sun started to rise in the horizon this i believe , love by accreditation can heal many of the deepest wounds we hold in to ourselves. This i believe this i believe i believe that all students can learn not a terribly profound statement, however, a very common one in education many mission statements of school districts have learning as a part of their mission. The new paperback in the bestselling series of inspiring personal philosophies this collection of this i believe essays gathers seventy-five essayists—ranging from famous to previously unknown—completing the thought that begins the book's title.
The first volume of this i believe essays, published in 1952, sold 300,000 copies—more than any other book in the u s during that year except for the bible in fact, these murrow broadcasts. Teenage drug abuse is one of the largest problems in society today and the problem grows and larger every year powerful essays 1622 words people believe if.
I hope all the ladies be encouraged that some good things do come out of the net..be certain of what you expect from your ideal man and r/ship and dont settle for less.
There are times as a scientist where you find yourself saying things like “Holy Cow! Really?! No way!” You hope that these sorts of exclamations come during your own investigations in the lab but, really, it’s most often the discovery of another daring scientist that totally blows your mind.
As a grad student, I was taught that tumors form when a single mutated cell begins to proliferate…a lot. To better understand this, a healthy cell reproduces by splitting in half and creating two copies of itself. These cell copies go on to create two copies of themselves and so on. This process is called cell division. Normal cells divide in a very controlled way and they know when to stop.
Cancer cells, in contrast, incessantly and persistently reproduce. They keep undergoing cell division and ignore signals telling them to stop, that the food and nutrients have started to run out, that they are crowding the space, and bothering the neighbors. A tumor then forms at the site where a cancer cell and all of its cancerous progeny have taken up residence. In this way, tumors are not dissimilar from a big, dysfunctional family. All the cells are related and each is wreaking havoc.
A recent paper in the journal Cancer Cell from Melo et al. (2014) describes a totally different model for cancer progression. And, for the sake of this post, I’m going to call it the “zombie” model. They argue that cancer cells have a way to “infect” neighboring cells, turning otherwise healthy cells into cancer cells.
In this study, they found that breast cancer cells secrete (for lack of a better word) little blobs, called exosomes or extracellular vesicles. Many cell types secrete exosomes, which are actually small spheres of plasma membrane wrapped around proteins and genetic material. Melo et al. found that exosomes derived from breast cancer cells have all the machinery and material necessary to “turn off” tumor suppressor proteins in healthy cells and were sufficient to start tumor formation. Not only that, they found that breast cancer cells secrete way more exosomes than healthy cells.
So, in the zombie model, exosomes might be a mechanism that cancer cells use to create a zombie-like hoard of other cancer cells. Imagine “28 Days Later,” only this time, the zombies don’t need to bite the victims. Just by being in the vicinity of the zombie, people would be at risk for turning into one of them. That’s a terrifying thought.
This finding has implications for how cancer progresses and spreads in the body since exosomes can be isolated from blood (think a new model for metastatic or persistent cancers). Plus, it could radically change how cancer is treated, by targeting exosomes in addition to the cancer cells themselves.
What all of this really goes to show you is that even in a very well-studied, fairly well-understood field like cancer biology, scientists still have a lot of work to do. There are lots of surprises lurking in the human body.
is a publication by Science in Society, a Northwestern University research center for science outreach and public engagement.
Science Explorers pairs scientists (Science Education Fellows) with small groups of freshmen biology students to help students build science skills and achieve academic success in the transition to high school.
These works were created by students in AP Studio Art at Evanston Township High School. Each student selected one of the winners of the 2016 Scientific Images Contest on which to base their work.... Read More
is a publication by Science in Society Northwestern University's Office for science outreach and public engagement.
According to data gathered by the Public Health Agency of Canada, approximately 2.5 million Canadians over the age of 20 currently live with heart disease, while an estimated 9 in 10 Canadians have at least one precursor for heart disease.
Heart disease occurs when calcium, fatty material and scar tissue (also known as plaque) builds up in the coronary arteries. These arteries are responsible for supplying the heart with blood and nutrients, as well as supplying the oxygen it needs to pump that blood. However, when these arteries become narrow the heart is unable to get the amount of blood it needs. Over time this build-up can also obstruct the blood vessels, which ultimately results in restricted blood flow.
Common symptoms of heart disease due to restricted blood flow include angina (the medical term used to describe chest pain related to heart disease), fatigue, shortness of breath, muscle weakness, confusion, and pain in the legs, arms, or any other area of the body where there is a blocked artery. Heart attacks and stroke can also occur as a result of heart disease. If you notice things like severe chest pain in conjecture with shortness of breath, pain in the shoulders, neck, back, arms or jaw, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, light-headedness, perspiration, weakness or numbness of the face and/or limbs, difficulty speaking or understanding speech, loss of balance, vision problems, or a sudden and severe headache, you should seek medical attention immediately by calling 911. If left unchecked, symptoms of a heart attack and/or stroke can lead to complications, and may also be fatal.
There are many risk factors associated with the development of heart disease. It can be hereditary, meaning it runs in the family therefore substantially increasing your risk of developing it. Heart disease can also be the result of high cholesterol, high blood pressure, tobacco use, emotional stress, lack of physical activity, lack of exercise, obesity, and diabetes.
In order to prevent heart disease, Dr. Ali Ghahary, a family physician at Brentwood Medical Clinic in Burnaby, says patients need to make sure they’re living healthy lifestyles. This means no smoking, eating a healthy diet, and getting regular physical activity.
While a bad habit such as smoking can sometimes be difficult to break, Dr. Ali Ghahary shares tips to help you do that, which can be found by clicking here.
Exercise is also not only a great way to reduce your risk of heart disease, but it can also help lower your cholesterol and blood pressure, as well as control your blood sugar levels. If you’re someone who isn’t used to getting regular exercise, Dr. Ali Ghahary suggests starting slow – such as going for 30 minute walks.
If you have any concerns relating to heart disease, it’s a good idea to address those concerns with your physician as soon as possible. If you do not have a family physician, Dr. Ali Ghahary is available to see patients at Brentwood Medical Clinic on a walk-in basis.
As seasons change, so do certain aspects of your health and overall wellbeing. Unlike winter, where we spent more time indoors and dressed warmly, spring brings longer days and warmer temperatures – and with that also comes certain health concerns.
One of the most common complaints patients have when it comes to springtime, is allergies. During spring, pollen count levels increase which can cause a number of symptoms in patients who suffer from hayfever; such as a congested or runny nose, sneezing, and itchy, red and/or watery eyes. It in order to reduce the symptoms of seasonal allergies, Dr. Ali Ghahary recommends avoiding outdoor triggers. For those with severe allergies, you may require the use of nasal prays such as Omnaris or Nasonex, over-the-counter allergy medication such as Benadryl or Reactine, and even allergy shots. If you have concerns about seasonal allergies, speak with your family physician as soon as possible. You may also benefit from seeing an allergist, as they will be able to test you for specific allergens and provide you with a treatment plan best suited to your and your needs.
Insect bites and stings are also more common during the springtime; for example, mosquito bites and bee stings. While mosquito bites can usually be treated with things like Polysporin or calamine lotion, persistent itching could cause an infection, so you should try avoiding scratching the skin to prevent that from occurring. Unfortunately, in some cases, individuals may develop a serious allergic reaction as a result of a bite or sting. Insects that tend to cause severe allergic reactions include bees, wasps, hornets, yellow jackets and fire ants. Symptoms of an allergic reaction caused by an insect can range from mild to severe, and may include swelling, pain and redness around the sting, redness and swelling affecting an entire area of the body, hives, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and anaphylaxis – which is considered life-threatening. For a reaction as severe as this, it’s important to call 911 immediately. To prevent yourself from being bitten or stung, avoid wearing perfumes or other scents that may attract the insects, wear long sleeved pants and shirts while outdoors, and stay away from areas where the insects are known to nest.
Physical activity is another great way to get out and enjoy the fresh air, especially as the weather improves and the temperatures increase; not to mention it has many great health benefits, such as helping with weight loss, weight management, reducing cholesterol and blood pressure levels, improving the body’s ability to use insulin, improving blood flow, improving the function of the heart, and can even reduce stress and anxiety. To make sure you’re getting enough physical activity to keep your body healthy, Dr. Ali Ghahary suggests fitting in at least 30 minutes of exercise into your daily routine each day, and set realistic goals that will help keep you motivated.
Free component for Joomla allows you to quickly and most importantly correctly create a map of your site. In the base delivery comes full support for Joomla articles.
Display alerts, advertisements, warnings, cookie policy accept and more with an overlay window that requires user action to close.
When the close or accept button is clicked, a cookie is set on the user's computer. Each cookie can be set to expire at a given time which will then renew the display of the notice.
The Awesome Portfolio is a simple module that displays articles as portfolios based on different filters.It is a very
useful and applicable extension for news website, company websites, shopping websites and otherwebsites that work with
portfolios or filterable items. The Awesome Portfolio enables you to show your articles based on different filters and
items. You can set the options of this module to filter articles based on their tags, their categories or their authors.
It gains AJAX method for loading more articles to improve the performance for your website. The Awesome Portfolio is very
PMJ Business Hours is a very simple Joomla module to - you might have guessed it - display business hours.
You will need a x86 PC running Windows 10. Windows 10 needs to be updated to include the Windows 10 Fall Creator update, released October 2017. This update includes the Windows Subsystem for Linux which is needed to run the Ubuntu terminal. 211-UFC CO PAGE 10608
Nice Book United States Proof Coinage Through read online and download free premium nice book united states proof coinage through ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
View our videos all about the latest medical studies and news to keep you healthy. Dr. Marc Rabinowitz of Prevention First Healthcare, Southampton, PA, shares recent updates about health, wellness and preventative care.
Stay healthy throughout your life by remaining physically fit. Talk to your doctor about an exercise plan that fits into your lifestyle. Have a goal to run a 10K or 5K race? Or just want to tone your muscles? Contact Dr. Marc Rabinowitz for exercise ideas at any age.
Are you over 70 years old and taking aspirin to prevent stroke or heart attack? The latest studies from the New England Journal of Medicine provides new information to discuss with your doctor. There may not be a benefit to taking aspirin as a preventative measure if you are healthy and over 70.
The Flu Season for 2018-2019 has begun. Get your flu shot today and learn about what to do about this year’s flu. Call 215-PREVENT for more information. Featuring Dr. Marc Rabinowitz of Prevention First Healthcare, Southampton, Bucks County, PA. A concierge medical practice for seniors, busy executives and those who want VIP access […]
The CDC recommends that healthy adults 50 years and older get two doses of Shingrix, 2 to 6 months apart. Shingrix provides strong protection against shingles and PHN. Shingrix is the preferred vaccine, over Zostavax®, a shingles vaccine in use since 2006. Prevention First Healthcare is a concierge medical practice in Bucks County, PA providing [...]
Dr. Marc Rabinowitz of Prevention First Healthcare discusses the latest Blood Pressure Recommendations. The only way to know if you have high blood pressure is to have your blood pressure tested. Understanding your blood pressure numbers is key to controlling high blood pressure. Consult with your physician.
Dr. Marc Rabinowitz of Prevention First Healthcare, Southampton, Bucks County, PA discusses Dementia. A new study shows women who exercise at a high cardiovascular level will have an 88% less likelihood of developing dementia. Why is that
Dr. Marc Rabinowitz of Prevention First Healthcare discusses the latest advancements when someone is having a stroke. Get to a hospital right away if you are experiencing loss of neurological function or slurred speech.
Listen to Dr. Marc Rabinowitz of Prevention First Healthcare talk about what to do if you think you have the flu.
Our goal at Prevention First Healthcare, a Bucks County Internal Medicine practice, is not to just get you well, but to keep you well. We help you add years to your life and life to your years.
silver shelf brackets silver pair of shelf brackets for retail shelving units silver branch shelf brackets.
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding ©, v. 12.0.2, written by Darrin Lythgoe 2001-2018.
Whether you are at home/office or flying around the world, the Flow AC-USB Plug with 3 USB Port is the perfect solution to charge your gadgets. This adapter allows you to charge Tablets, Smartphone, Bluetooth headset, Mp3 player, Portable Speakers and all other 5V devices at the same time. This adapter comes with elegant glossy look. It's truly portable & easy to carry. Put it in your pocket or your briefcase and take it everywhere you go. This adapter converts normal AC output to dual USB outputs, 5V/3A Both outputs if used will give 1A in both sockets. This Adapter comes with overload and Short circuit protection. Suitable for charging tablets, mobiles, GPS etc. Whether you are at home/office or flying around the world, the Flow AC-USB Plug with 3 USB Port is the perfect solution to charge your gadgets. This adapter allows you to charge Tablets, Smartphone, Bluetooth headset, Mp3 player, Portable Speakers and all other 5V devices at the same time. This adapter comes with elegant glossy look. It's truly portable & easy to carry. Put it in your pocket or your briefcase and take it everywhere you go. This adapter converts normal AC output to dual USB outputs, 5V/3A Both outputs if used will give 1A in both sockets. This Adapter comes with overload and Short circuit protection. Suitable for charging tablets, mobiles, GPS etc.
Product will be delivered for all urban areas serviceable by major courier agencies. For remote rural areas the product will be sent by local couriers Indian Speed Post and may take little more time.
2. In case of damaged or defective product, the customer is required to raise a concern and ship the product back to us within 15 days from delivery
Welcome to A & E Dental, where we strive to eliminate all your fears (and toothaches) by offering modern technology and old-fashioned hospitality. Our goal is to make your visit with us as comfortable and relaxing as possible, so you’re never reluctant to return. We offer general dentistry for the whole family. No matter if you need your teeth cleaned, a crown, a filling, a root canal, an extraction, teeth whitening or even dentures, we can help you.
Let’s face it, very few of us actually enjoy going to the dentist, and all too often, we put it off as long as we possibly can, only to wind up scheduling emergency dental appointments for a toothache that can no longer be treated with ibuprofen.
Don’t wait give us a call today to receive a free estimate, free consultation or to schedule your appointment.
A & E Dental has been in business for over 10 years now. Our goal is to keep a family dental practice in which all our patient feel welcomed, and given the best treatment and service they deserve.
We accept Most Insurance plans, as well as Chip and Medicaid. We are happy to ensure that you will receive the maximum insurance benefits for all covered services. If you have any questions regarding your coverage please feel free to call and ask about any concern you may have. Our staff will be more than happy to help you in any possible way.
manganese, silica sand, zinc, and zirconium (Le Van De, 1996;. Lai Hong Thanh . unexploited owing to Vietnam's outdated mining equipment and technology.
As for major processed minerals, Vietnam produced refined copper, rolled . process for such mineral commodities as apatite, bauxite, cement ... southeast of the capital city of Hanoi. The steel ... Sand and gravel, and silica sand do. 112,000.
Mining does take place in Vietnam, but apart from coal extraction much of it is . titanium, chromite, tungsten, bauxite, apatite, graphite, mica, silica sand, and . a joint research center in Hanoi to improve extraction and processing of the.
Vietnam had a wide variety of important mineral resources, but the mining sector . phosphate rock (apatite), pyrophyllite, rare earths, silica sand, tin, titanium,.
Vietnam's capital city, Hanoi, is located in the northern part of the country. .. All religious groups must register with the government, a process established by the .. lime, 1.5 million tons; and silica sand, 63 million tons, unchanged from 2003.
country's mineral wealth, the mining sector is underdeveloped. This article .. the north of the country, close to the Hanoi - Lao Cai railway (fig. 4). The ore ... Several good deposits of silica sand are found along the Vietnamese coast. The most.
Feb 19, 2009 . Hanoi University of Agriculture- Hanoi/Vietnam, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Trau Quy - .. the process during the tests i.e. combustion temperature and air volume flow, were ... This system utilizes quartz sand (mean.
. for Renewable Energy (IRE 2010), 21-23 September 2010, Hanoi, Vietnam, pp. 93-100 ... Modeling of fluidization characteristics of quartz sand in a cone-shaped bed of a .. Optimization of combustion process for an industrial steam boiler.
Only in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, the amount of waste generation was . These include 3 waste processing facilities using incineration, 11 using .. Silica (sand and quartz), calcium, iron oxide, and aluminum oxide are main.
Vietnam. The sedimentological data collected are supplemented with source-rock screening data to . particularly the latter can be a central process in the formation of hybrid ... the facies, but sand grains (if present) and coal fragments are more . in diagenetic microcrystalline quartz. The lamina-couplet thicknesses range.
Hoang Dinh Que is with Hanoi University of Mining and Geology, Hanoi,. Vietnam. . Of interest in this study, is that quartz sands found in coastal environments . In central Vietnam, sand mining practices can have one of two purposes, for:.
Although silica sand has been used for many different ... samples varied from 1–25%, and depended on process ... were exposed at a company in Ha Noi, Viet.
SINCE REUNIFICATION IN 1975, the economy of Vietnam has been .. males were employed during the 1980s: agriculture, fishing, mining, . silica sand, and line. .. The economic aid tendered to Hanoi was substantial, but it still.
Our partnered metallurgical laboratories are located in Hanoi city Vietnam, all works . Iron ore; Rare earths; Tin; Vonframe; Graphite; Silica sand; Quartz; Kaolin.
Technical infrastructure: After process of investment, construction ... Potentials, advantages: located next to the quartz sand mine of good ... hubs (Ha Noi.
From amateurs exploring their wild side on screen for the first time to cum-starved models proudly displaying their sexual courage, you'll get it all here in free movies.
© langviet.info. U.S.C. TITLE 18, SECTION 2257 COMPLIANCE In compliance with United States Code, Title 18, Section 2257, all models, actors, actresses and other persons who appear in any visual depiction of sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in or at langviet.info were over the age of 18.
It is revealed that former Governor of Central Bank Ajith Nivard Cabraal possesses a house valued at Rs.500 million. The house is at 6/31, School Lane, Nawala Rajagiriya.
The new house is near his residence and he has obtained it after becoming the Governor of the Central Bank say reports. The talk of senior officials of the bank is how he earned such a lot of money.
About Rs.4000 million was invested in bonds in Greece with the direct mediation of Mr. Cabraal, an act that proved to be a disaster and is highly questionable.
Also, a colossal financial fraud has been committed through the notorious ‘hedging agreement’ signed with the mediation of Mr. Cabraal between Ceylon Petroleum Corporation and several foreign banks.
It is being revealed that Mr. Cabraal would have received a large sum of money through such transactions.
Fromer Cricket captain and MP Sanath Jayasuriya once more tied the knot with a new bride yesterday a very simple and secretly conduc...
Narmada Ravihansi Abeywardena...She became the first runner up in Miss Sri Lanka 2007 and also won the Miss Personality and Miss Photogenic ...
Former Cricket captain and former MP Sanath Jayasuriyamade gossip headlines again. A clip shows that he is having a private act with ...
We found some photos of Rohitha Rajapaksa's and yoshitha Rajapksha's taken in a concert. We guess that was Sean pauls' s concert...
Gresha Schulling (born 1983, Colombo) is a Sri Lankan musician. She has been hailed as a rising star from the world of popular music in Sout...
Popular singer Shihan Mihiranga got married yesterday ( January 25 ). His Bride is Gishni Clementa Silva . Their love story had reportedl...
Natasha Perera, well known as "Sulangakwee Mang Enawa" is an award winning actress now. Her “Sulangakwee Mang Enawa” in which sh...
Pramudi Karunarathne... the little girl who was in Saroja movie... she is a cute teenager now. her recent acting can see in lahiru's ne...
Popular actress Nehara Pieris and Actor Menaka Rajapaksha got married yesterday. The Wedding held at Kingsbury Hotel yesterday and it was li...
We found some photos of Pitiduwe Siridhamma Thero ( Siri Samanthabadda Thero ) taken in Bangkok. We leave it you to decide that how ethica...
All photos and other content materials posted at Our Lanka Blog were found via internet search engines and other websites and the legal copyrights of those content belong to the actual owners. We have taken our effort to acknowledge the copyright owners where possible, but there might some missing out. If you feel any of your copyrighted material is seen in this blog please comment it. Thank you.
Precision NTN Spindle bearings 7208CG/GNP4 7208CTYNSULP4 industrial bearings,US $ 5.5 - 35 / Piece, Angular Contact, Ball, NTN.Source from Shanghai Shengyue Bearing
NTN High Precision Angular contact ball bearing 7305BG,7306BG,7307BG 7208CDB+5D/GNP5 Pillow Block Bearing . Details: Timken NSK NTN IKO Koyo NACHI Plain
Bearings>Ball Bearings>Precision Ball Bearings>7208CDB/GNP5Bearing, Ball 40MM Bore 80MM OD 36MM WidLeader Singapore is authorized dealers in
Coaldale Town Council will hold a Public Hearing on Monday, July 9, 2018 at 2:15 p.m. on proposed Bylaw No. 714-R-06-18, a bylaw to amend the Town’s Community Standards Bylaw. CLICK HERE for the Notice of Public Hearing CLICK HERE for background information from the June 25, 2018 Council Agenda Package PLEASE NOTE: A printed […]
The Town of Coaldale has issued a “Request for Proposal” for External Audit Services. CLICK HERE to review the proposal
You can provide the Town with valuable input and feedback to assist in establishing polices, programs and more.
Back in August I'd already planned on signing up for taking Rachel's Curves class on January 1st...of course, it's fun, she's a great teacher, it's only 5 weeks in duration, and you can work at your own pace.
Mid December I saw the adorable "And Sew On.. " paper piecing sewing block related BoM Kristy is hosting at Quiet Play which is only nine blocks for the year, perfectly doable. Starts simple and works it's way up to some complicated blocks! I have only done simple designed paper piecing so I am really looking forward to the escalating challenges.
The same week I saw Melissa at Bittersweet Designs is doing A Lovely Year of Finishes to motivate us to finish up UFO's and WIP's, one a month for the year, and who doesn't want to do that? (If you play along in hardcore version, it involves 2 blog posts a month with an in progress and a finished project report.)
I wavered a bit, because of the whole being accountable thing, but I do have a few things I want to finish up, and the project can be one you start and finish in the same month.
On Christmas day, I discovered my mother was going to do a BoM too, the one Elizabeth at dontcallmebesty is putting on, Lucky Stars, a foundation paper pieced BoM. Besides the fact that the blocks are beautiful, foundation paper piecing is on my "must learn in 2013" list.
I was already in love with a few of her quilts, including <<< this disgustingly awesome paper pieced star one, so it seemed unreasonable to not give in and join the fun.
Admittedly now I'm finding myself almost overwhelmed and wondering when I'll have time to do other projects at all!
Edit...really? And the day after I sign up for the Lucky Stars BoM Alyssa at PileoFabric goes and announces shes doing a Skill Builder Block of the Month QAL... Using the quilt as you go method no less, which I'm pretty sure was the last thing on my "must learn in 2013" sewing list not covered by any of the events above.
My husband has been making noises about me getting a more quilt appropriate sewing machine instead of trying to FMQ on my Brother Project Runway machine with a 5 inch harp space, especially when I gave him the rundown on how full my quilting plate is going to be, so I am looking forward to looking around to see what is out there :) Otherwise I will probably be insane by March at this rate!
Well, if you are going to dive into the longarm world...I'd highly recommend the Innova made by ABM International of Texas. I've had mine for 4 years and love it! Do check out http://quiltsonthecorner.com/ where Renae has done an article on choosing a longarm - things to think about and ask about, not brand-specific. If you have any questions about the Innova, I'd be happy to chat about it!!!
We will write a custom essay sample on “anak” reaction paper specifically for you for only $1638 $139/page in the movie, it was seen the josie’s bosses hindered her from talking to her family at home and also from going back home to the philippines when her husband died reaction paper for the movie “hiv (si heidi, si ivy at. If you are a scholar or a student, you should know how to write a reaction paper in apa format a reaction paper refers to an assignment that requires you to react to a journal article, a book or a movie that you have read or watched- writingcenteruncedu basically, it is a response to a prompt. What is a reflection paper to put it simply, a reflection paper or essay is something that reflects your insights, opinion, or observation you could quote once in a while but the essay should not be entirely what other people think about the subject. Reaction paper format reaction paper format is an outline that organizes your thoughts when writing a reaction essay it is very important because it guides you and gives you a bird’s eye view on how your essay will look like. Films are often used as teaching tools to provide variety of media or an alternate perspective reaction papers are used to ensure that students understand the material and see how it fits within the context of the course in which it was shown.
Reaction paper in the movie jose rizal the movie tells the life story of jose rizal , the national hero of the philippines a three-hour epic on the life and struggles of his poet and patriotisms. Writing a reaction paper is not just about purely giving your opinion on what you have read or seen if you are making a reaction paper on a particular book for example, you also have to tackle what the book is all about and what makes it different from the others. View essay - movie reaction paper from p_r_tr 4208 at university of missouri is the boss with more experience billy has all the power and grady thirsts for more this brings me to my second. We will write a custom essay sample on in time movie: reaction and reflection paper specifically for you for only $1638 $139/page order now this can be applied through the structional-functional theory because the time serves as their money in their society another one that i used is the evolutionary theory, in their future society, people.
Free essays on reaction paper about the unthinkable movie search reaction paper in the movie: the merchant of venice reaction paper in the movie “the merchant of venice” reginald pmayang iii-sodium mrborromeo in the merchant of venice, by william shakespeare, there appears shylock he is a jew, that much we are told in the cast. This paper should include concepts and topics from course materials as well as your personal reaction to the concepts demonstrated in the film the focus of your paper should not be to retell the story of the movie it should be to discuss the management concepts in the movie. Summary - reaction papers summary -- reaction paper ordinarily, if your instructor asks you to write a summary of something you've read, it is to help you to clarify what you read and to enable the instructor to determine whether you've understood it. Reaction or response papers are usually requested by teachers so that you'll consider carefully what you think or feel about something you've read.
If you need a custom term paper on movie reviews: movie: the mission, you can hire a professional writer here to write you a high quality authentic essay while free essays can be traced by turnitin (plagiarism detection program), our custom written essays will pass any plagiarism test. Compilation of all final boss battles in paper mario games starting in 2000 for n64, gamecube, 3ds and wii u (1080p & 60fps) enjoy - rate - comment - subscribe =) activate the description for the. Guide to writing a reaction paper 1 guide to writing a reaction paperi summary/synopsis – what are you reacting togoal: show that you understand the opinion, main ideas, and supporting ideas in thedocumentary piece youre writing aboutidentify all of the basic information about the piece, including:• the title of the piece• the topic or subject of the piece. A reaction papers are also known as a response paper and is written by students during specific time usually this task seems to be too boring and complicated for learners as it takes a lot of free time and if to be fair brings no use.
Open document below is a free excerpt of the help reaction paper from anti essays, your source for free research papers, essays, and term paper examples. Reaction paper to the movie “jose rizal” the movie jose rizal which was excellently played by cesar montano as the lead role was a heartwarming one that shows how rizal runs his life i felt mixed emotions given the fact that it was made to help us, filipinos, understand what our national hero. Jose rizal movie reaction paper essay sample reaction paper of rizal life while watching the movie, i have observed similarities and differences of some scenes from today’s youth. (reaction paper) jose rizal to me was just an ordinary hero until i saw and heartily engaged myself in appreciating his whole movie about his life it was then i realized that i never knew who jose rizal really was.
“the impossible” movie reaction paper 8 august 2016 movie “ohana” means family and family means nobody gets left behind this saying really corresponds with the movie i watched no matter how and where life gets us, our blood types are forever our blood types we can never resist anything when it comes to our family. Visit youtubealtercom online videos special and watch viral videos, movies, songs, entertaiment, bollywood, hollywood, lollywood videos see news headlines, video clips, watch tv news programs latest videos online and find videos on latest indian pakistani, worldwide video clips, video special coverage on hot topics in the news, celebrity news videos and trending around the world. The purpose of a reaction paper is to evaluate a movie, book, article or any other work in such an essay, a student has to make one’s own evaluation of the author’s work.
A reaction paper of the movie, 'the notebook' would tell about yourfeelings of the movie the movie was released in 2004 and starredgena rowlands, james garner and rachel mcad. Reacton paper for the movie boses topics: domestic violence, keotta blakeney davenport university movie paper socy 101 remember the titans is an excellent movie that shows diversity and racism in its full form the lead actor is an african american who plays a high school football coach to a newly integrated team.
The movie jose rizal which was excellently played by cesar montano as the lead role was a heartwarming one that shows how rizal runs his life while watching the movie, i felt mixed emotions given the fact that it was made to help us, filipinos, understand what our national hero had done for the country. The movie 3 idiots is a hindi movie that was released in 2009 under the direction of rajkumar hirani and production by vidhu vinod chopra the movie is currently the highest grossing bollywood film and is critically acclaimed by film critics as one of the best foreign films of all time having won numerous awards both in and outside india1. “boses” (reaction paper sa socsci5) synopsis: the story of the movie revolves mainly on a boy and a man both scarred by tragic pasts who unexpectedly found comfort in each other through the music they created together.
As passionate about photography it often happens to be questioned by relatives or friends to capture the “most important day of life”, that of their marriage. The wedding photography is a genre not easy because it requires a good knowledge
The president of the company headed for the biggest IPO in biotech history has a surprisingly large pay package
Goldman Sachs just bought a one-person startup, and it's betting it could change the day-to-day lives of its bankers
2016 Anxiety Symptoms Basic Rules Blue Bodybuilding Bridal Business cars change your password Christmas Christmas tree confusion Creative Sports Outlier dangers to be avoid Design Do it yourself dress in holiday season e-mail eat healthier Finance Financial flexitarian diet health Healthy help to find work House and Home house with children Important Improve Internet Kitchen Lose Weight Makeup Personal photography physical Public Quick and easy recipe recommendations Relations Retirement strategies Stress wedding Yoga
Thai food lovers rejoice! If you love Green Papaya Salad (sometimes called Som Tum on Thai menus) you will be excited to learn that it is very easy make at home. Green Papaya salad is light, healthy, and so fresh tasting. It is one of my favorite Thai dishes whether I am dining at a Thai restaurant or cooking Thai food at home.
If you live near an Asian market, you can make this Thai restaurant favorite quickly and easily. If you haven’t ever ventured into an Asian market or any ethnic market for that matter, here is an article I wrote about why you should.
First, go to the produce section. Asian markets have incredible produce, much of it may be new to you. Typically, there are an amazing array of greens, mushrooms, and potatoes. But, today you will want to look for a green papaya which looks like a dark green football. Green papayas are unripe papaya, so, instead of sweet orange flesh the unripe flesh is crisp. If you cannot find green papayas locally, you can substitute cucumbers which are similar in texture albeit more watery.
Another important part of this recipe is the serrated peeler. Using this peeler will result in thin strips of vegetable similar to julienne slices. Serrated peelers can be found on Amazon and at Asian markets. You will use the serrated peeler on the green papaya and carrots. If you have a mandonline slicer you can also use the julienne blade to slice the veggies.
Once the veggies are sliced, you just need to combine the dressing ingredients in a small bowl or Mason jar. Thai food always focuses on the balance of flavors between sweet, sour, salty, and spicy. This dressing combines all those flavors for a nicely balanced dressing.
Pour the dressing over the veggies and toss to combine. Garnish with chopped peanuts and fresh herbs before serving.
This is the official website of NTN. On this site you can find information on bearings, driveshafts, precision equipments, and NTN's other products. It also provides
Browse Duplex Angular Contact Ball Bearings in the NTN Bearing Corp. of America catalog including Item #,d,D,2B,r,Static Load Rating,Dynamic Load Rating
Browse All Categories in the NTN Bearing Corp. of America catalog including Ball Bearings,Tapered Roller Bearings,Cylindrical Roller Bearings,Needle Roller Bearings
AbadiAndesAbdelhamidAlameidaAlmeydaAguinagaAtilesAnselmAshkettleAblemanArmestoAtamanczykArmourAlwardArrochoArcheyAvinoAnnaAlguireAirolaArndellAnzaloneAnackerAlesnaAlmericoAllanApiladoAleyArgulewiczAcheeAxelrodAmersonAbramekAtteberryAstacioAlferingAsmarAmelingAlineAlterioArmendarizAubertineArrisolaArrottAlersAlmerinckAleshireArgonsAngelouAciernoShow All Surnames
When you fill-up the form, make a note : The more fields you fill in, the more detailed result you will get.
AkimArditoAlonzaAelberdinckAddamsAlicandroAccursoAppletonArgulewiczArrowoodAltschulerAltidorAlferingAllcockAzulayAlvarracinAfricaAfanAndaAyoAbramowskiArisaAltesAugusteAnecelleAseltineArambulaAuzatAlieAmoaAnthonAlltopAquinoAldrichAmbroziakArendaleAdkersonAgerAbundisArtmannAitkinsAntillonAshwellAkoAnselmAllingerAlhartAlevrasAngelocciAcerraShow All Surnames
ArrantsAnonAwadaAlverestAnklamAngalichAnnarinoAdamoAdkinsonArcidiacoAtchleyAbbateApplinArgieAudirschAutryAbbottAceyAumichArticeAlmsteadtArcherArmeliAvantsAlmendarezAstersAlvaresAuffreyAveraAlgeAlkanaAmysArkenbergAamodtAhiaAdkinsAtoeAriazaAmidonAccardiAbayaAltigAntleyAyonAnastAquilAuzatAguliarAntonettiAntinarelliShow All Surnames
AndersenAddamoAumendAndesonAlostaAkleyAntonopoulosAlveloAanstootArmourAragonaAchenbachAlsingAsperAngermanAbdelmutiAalbersArzilliAndreulaArquellesAvilaAllorArroligaAguadoAndoAlexandreAhlArmendarizAmburgyArchambeaultAugeriAldredgeAllumsAvrettAbarAnnisAlotAtayArcuoAntwiAievoliAzzarellaAthaloneAlbersAnveldinkAhimudAbebAdankAbdonArendaleShow All Surnames
Acción en Red Faction: Guerrilla se desarrolla 50 años después de los eventos de la primera parte del juego. Esta vez, el jugador tendrá que asumir el papel de un rebelde de la recién creada Brigada Roja, que lucha por la libertad con la Fuerza de Defensa de la Tierra (POP). Red Faction: Guerrilla empuja los límites del proceso del juego en base a la destrucción, y se diferencia de otros juegos similares por un enorme mundo abierto, dinámicas batallas partidistas y un modelo confiable de destrucción.
For those who want to experience the high performance bolt rifle, we have several model sniping weapons. Most of them are in stock form. And others can take gas conversions to generate power.
*New Version / "Military Type" Bolt-action airsoft rifle.This M24 has the feature of one piece fluted barrel.
*Empty indicator when you send the last BB's in a magazine to the chamber, a magazine is empty now, and indicator appears on stock fore part. Be careful.
*Cocking indicator (after sylinder cocking completely), look and touch sylinder end, indicator pin is protruding. Be careful of this cocking indicator pin.
Staff at the Countess of Chester Hospital have been channelling the spirit of the Rio 2016 Olympics by showcasing exercises people can do anywhere.
During the Games it can be easy to find inspiration to take up a sport or exercise more, only for the demands of daily life to soon get in the way.
Physiotherapist Andrew Brown has demonstrated a number of movements that can be built into breaks at the office or at home to improve flexibility, stretch muscles and make people feel better throughout the day.
“The Olympics inspires everyone,” Andrew said. “Watching the amazing things that the athletes can do makes you want to try yourself, even if it’s unlikely most of us will ever be able to stand on a podium it does make you want to do more.
“Getting exercise into our daily routines is the challenge because we are more sedentary now than we’ve ever been before.
“But even doing a little bit at lunch times could make workers more productive instead of hitting that mid-afternoon slump we can all get between 2-3pm.”
NHS England recommends that people should complete 35 minutes of exercise five times a week, with several programmes available to provide support such as the Couch to 5K plan.
However, even if somebody is very active in their downtime they can still benefit from trying out a few moves to break up their day sitting at a desk.
Andrew added: “It’s going to increase their metabolism, it’s going to make them feel better and it’s going to help them to improve their posture, which will generally reduce aches and pains that you might have after you finish work.
“Getting up from your desk is such an important thing but just taking the time when you have got it to do some little movements just to get the circulation going can make a big difference. You always feel better when you exercise so that’s a huge positive.”
Place your hands on your knees in your swivel chair. Keeping your lower body and head still, turn your upper body to your right and move your right hand towards your hip. Repeat this motion with your left hand as you turn the other way.
Reach up above your head with both hands clasped together, keeping your back straight. Hold for a few seconds and feel the stretch through.
Place one hand on the back of your chair and turn your back and upper body to that side, stretching out your muscles as you look behind you. Hold for a few seconds and repeat on the other side.
Put your arm out in front of you and hold your palm up away from your body with your other hand. Hold the stretch for a few seconds on each side. This is a great stretch for computer workers.
First, check no one is behind you! Standing tall balance on one leg and bring the other one forward and backward in a controlled kicking motion. You can hold on to a counter or surface in front of you if balancing is tough. Focus on squeezing the muscles in your leg as you do it. Complete 10 on each leg. This one is great for while the kettle is boiling or you’re waiting for something to print.
Move from a sitting position to a standing one without leaning on the arms of your chair or the desk in front of you. This is something you could try to consciously do every time you need to get up out of your chair to walk around the office. If you decide to do a series of these one after the other just be careful with your office chair if it’s on wheels.
Only do these if you feel comfortable. Incline press ups can be done on any desk or printer when you get five minutes. Try to do 10. If a desk or a printer is too low you can do them up against a wall.
Although this isn't an exercise, having the correst posture at your desk can make a huge difference. Sit close to your desk. Adjust height of chair so your elbows are at right angles with your upper arms. Your forearms should be parallel to and just above the desktop. Your hips should be slightly higher than your knees. Your eyes should be level with your display screen. Rest your keyboard roughly 10cm in front of the edge of your desk. However, even sitting at a desk with good posture is not recommended for very long periods though. Getting up and moving about is essential.
:: I Am Team GB – An event to celebrate Team GB’s success in Rio, organising the ‘nation’s biggest ever sports day’.
VK Law Consultancy FZE is a part of Arnos Group, offers our clients professional legal advice in different fields and sectors. The driving force behind everything we do is an absolute commitment to provide our customers with the right advice and offer the best solution for their legal needs.
We listen carefully to our customers and use this information and our legal expertise to achieve the best results in each case that we handle. We have developed an open and customer-oriented approach, ensuring that your needs are paramount. Our extensive experience and constant monitoring of changes in the legal field and in the global markets ensures that the solutions offered by our legal team are up-to-date and innovative.
Mainstream support ends 30 June For organisations migrating , the following changes are for consideration: Backwards.
Plenty of part-time jobs are available for teens, college students, moms, retirees, and anyone seeking to earn extra money. For details contact: www.phoenixwfh...
(unixf48e) Ten minutes to submit your resume can take your career 10 Times ahead! View Over 2, 00, 000 job openings. Receive matching jobs on your email twice...
Online data entry job get payout monthly. The internet brings to you an excellent home based business opportunity to earn online with your convenient timings. Genuine...
I want to show you a way you can “draw a line” between your application “main logic” and your Rails controllers.
In this example I will compare a new approach with the one that I took in my last post about thinking in small programs
This example is from an application that provides “web sites” for companies. Something similar to tumblr but for companies.
In the application the “site” of the company is not public by default. And in order to be published the admin of the company must filled the “phrase” and “description” of the company.
Working with this information and thinking in designing small programs we can propose the next solution.
But as you can see even though we are abstracting the knowledge about the site we are having a lot of “control” logic. This does not sound very bad because we are in a “controller” but I think the Rails controllers should be dealing just with the communication stuff merging all the pieces together. I saw them must as objects that knows “who” can make something rather than “how” something can be made.
So I want to propose another solution. I want to draw a line between the things that makes something and the thing that knows when those other things are “called”.
I will use what Ivar Jacobson calls “control object” in his book Object-Oriented software engineering (or at least what I understand it is).
The control objects model functionality that is not naturally tied to any other object, for example, behavior that consist of operating on several different entity objects, doing some computations and then returning the result to an interface object.
I know I can declare those “callbacks” as methods in the controller and just pass the controller to the Sites.publish_company_site method, but I think this is far more explicit.
As you see know the controller still knows that an active record object can update its attributes, but doesn’t know when and which attributes to update. Also knows how (I think this “how” is ok =)) to redirect but doesn’t know when to do it or the message that is set.
With this solution we are extracting a more of the application rules from the framework and also we are expressing them in “simple” ruby objects that I think every ruby programmer can understand.
And as we have test that run really fast, if you need to make a change on the behavior you will be able to do it with confidence =).
iron money ladies wallets purses italian brand purses ladies wallets sale iron wallet italian designer purse
Hey there! Thanks for dropping by Android NewsPad! Take a look around and grab the RSS feed to stay updated. See you around!
The Nokia 7 Plus costs almost twice as much as the Redmi Note 5 Pro. It’s time to find out if it’s twice as good.
The Nokia 7 Plus represents a lot of firsts for HMD Global: it is the first phone from the manufacturer to feature an 18:9 panel, the first to offer the Snapdragon 660 chipset in India, and the first mid-ranger from the manufacturer to make its way to global markets.
U.S carriers over the past few weeks have been busy releasing the firmware to update the Note 8 to Android Oreo. Left in the dark was the unlocked variant of the Note 8 due to its extensive testing requirements. That is now about to change as the device is finally getting Android 8.0. The update […]
The post Android Oreo hitting unlocked Galaxy Note 8 and locked Galaxy S8 Active appeared first on AndroidGuys.
Filed Under: Android News by Android NewsPad — Comments Off on Unlocked Galaxy Note 8 in the U.S. is being updated to Android 8.0 Oreo
Wireless carriers in the U.S. have recently been updating the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 to Android 8.0 Oreo, but those that bought the phone unlocked have been missing out. Thankfully, after months and months of waiting, the update is finally being rolled out.
We just received the 8.0 Oreo update on our U.S. unlocked Galaxy Note 8 today, and it weighs in at a little over 1122MB. This also changes the [Read More…]
Filed Under: Android News by Android NewsPad — Comments Off on Canadian Galaxy Note 8 units to receive Oreo update April 5
A brief delay between Galaxy S8 Oreo rollouts on U.S. and Canadian units is happening again with the Note 8. A week or so after the U.S. counterparts started receiving their Oreo updates, Canadian Note 8 users can look forward to Android 8.0 starting April 5.
While only Rogers has definitively issued a date on its update schedule, Samsung typically rolls out major updates to all of its carrier partners at once, and the Note [Read More…]
The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 is the latest ultra-functional smartphone that uses that glorious S Pen that allows you to do more with your phone throughout the day — as long as you don’t run out of battery life.
That’s where a battery case can come in real handy. If you’ve found your Note 8 battery can’t make it through a full day of [Read More…]
T-Mobile’s variant of the Galaxy Note 8 is starting to receive the stable Android 8.0 Oreo update. AT&T was the first to roll out the update last month, and Verizon and Sprint followed suit last week. With T-Mobile commencing its update, all carrier variants of the Note 8 in the U.S. have made the switch to Oreo.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has already received the Android 8.0 Oreo update across three of the four major carriers in the United States. T-Mobile has been the odd man out, until today’s announcement.
The carrier has now announced that the Oreo update for the Galaxy Note 8 has been approved. The rollout should begin Sunday. T-Mobile’s product manager Des had to specify that this is not an April Fools’ joke, which is definitely appreciated.
Filed Under: Android News by Android NewsPad — Comments Off on The Galaxy Note 8 has been updated to Oreo on these U.S. carriers
Samsung’s Galaxy Note 8 is still one of the most powerful Android phones on the market, and now that Android Oreo is making its way to the device on U.S. carriers, it’s about to get even better for a lot of users.
The Oreo update is still in its early days for the Note 8, but in any case, these are the carriers that have updated it so far.
Over the past couple weeks, all four major carriers in the United States started pushing Android Oreo to the Galaxy S8 on their networks. This came as exciting news for people that purchased the phone through these companies, but those rocking unlocked models have been left in the cold. Thankfully, a Samsung employee recently shed some light on what’s going on.
Cacaoweb is a utility that is similar to BitTorrent clients, letting you view a variety of content via your browser.A very lightweight program, Cacaoweb is quick to install and takes up very few hard drive and PC resources, allowing you to use your computer without lag even while the program is running. The only thing that's required is a broadband internet connection and a browser.Cacaoweb is also great in that it works with virtually any internet browser. This includes Chrome, Firefox and Internet Explorer, making it all the more convenient to download and use.In addition, Cacaoweb is easy enough to use for everyone, no matter what their level of computer competency. Installation is as simple as double clicking the executable file, and you'll be ready to go.An interesting combination between a BitTorrent program and a web application, Cacaoweb is simple to use and impressively lightweight.'
In your pursuit of your passions, always be young. In your relationship with others, always be grown-up - Tom Brokaw, TV News Anchor
Spikelets. Spikelets sessile, 1–2 in the cluster. Involucre composed of bristles. Fertile spikelets 2-flowered, the lower floret barren (rarely male), the upper fertile, comprising 1 basal sterile florets, comprising 1 fertile floret(s), without rachilla extension, lanceolate, terete, 6–8 mm long.
In tropical and subtropical wet sclerophyll forests, dry sclerophyll forests, Brigalow forests, tropical and subtropical sub-humid woodlands, and temperate sub-humid woodlands. Flowers Jan.-June.
General Comment This is a default entry as we cannot create persons without company information for the EcoEditor.
Mr. Joseph Levi Coffey, age 93 of Countryside Drive, SW, Lenoir, formerly of Blowing Rock, died Thursday, August 5, 2010 at Caldwell Hospice and Palliative Care (Lenoir, NC). Born June 4, 1917, in Avery County, he was a son of Columbus and Mary A [more...]
Miss Martha J. Davis, age 65, of Mountain Dale Road, Vilas, died Sunday morning, August 1, 2010 at home. Born November 21, 1944 in Watauga County, she was a daughter of the late Hugh H. Davis and Elizabeth Phillips Davis. Martha was a member of Bea [more...]
Mrs. Edith McGuire Church, age 91, of Church Hollow Road, Boone, the Foscoe Community, died Sunday morning, August 1, 2010 at Watauga Medical Center. Born April 20, 1919 in Ashe County, she was a daughter of the late Tom and Mattie Teague McGuire. [more...]
Mrs. Daisy Estelle Lyons Adams, age 91 of Carolina Avenue, Boone, died Monday afternoon at Watauga Medical Center. She is survived by a number of nieces and nephews and great nieces and nephews. She was preceded in death by her husband Rom Adam [more...]
Matthew Terrell Bryant, age 43, of Johnson City, Tennessee, died Monday, July 26, 2010 in Johnson City. Matt was born September 22, 1966 in Anderson, South Carolina. He was a computer software designer. Mr. Bryant is survived by his son, Na [more...]
Sherry Lee Barker, age 61, of Deep Gap, formerly of Ashe County, passed away Sunday, March 13, 2016 at her residence. Born March 6, 1955 in Ashe County, she was a daughter of Thomas and Ora Harris Barker. Sherry accomplished so many goals during he [more...]
Lala Marie Jackson Grimes, age 92, of North Depot Street, Boone, passed away Thursday, March 10, 2016 at her home. Born January 16, 1924 in Avery County, Lala was a daughter of Mark and Mamie McAdams Jackson. She was a member of the Mennonite Brethr [more...]
Ann Nunley Trivett, age 80, of Beech Mountain Road, Elk Park, passed away Sunday evening, March 6, 2016 at her home. At the time of her death, she was calling out the name of Jesus as he took her home. Born November 21, 1935 in Holston, Va., she wa [more...]
Dante Courtland Buchanan, age 74 of Lida Lane, Newland, passed away Saturday morning, March 5, 2016 at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center in Winston-Salem. Born March 7, l941 in Avery County, he was a son of Wade and Ona Vance Buchanan. Mr. Bucha [more...]
Mrs. Margaret Yates Mast, 93 of Sugar Grove, passed away Friday morning, March 4, 2016 at her daughters home. Born February 16, 1923 in Watauga County, she was a daughter of the late Fred and Ethel Matheson Yates. Margaret was a homemaker and a mem [more...]
Don’s many articles, sharing his knowledge about breeding Australian Gouldians have been very popular.[…]
bibitlele.net. Powered by Wordpress. Theme design by Tutorial Photoshop | Best Luxury Source | Mp3 Download
Edition information: Reuters Institute 2018Description: 143 p.ISSN: 978-1-907384-48-6.Subject(s): Sociedad de la información | misinformation | fake news | social mediaOnline resources: acceso a la publicación Summary: This year’s report comes amid continuing concern about so-called ‘fake news’ and about the role of tech companies (platforms) in facilitating the spread of misinformation. Investigations have been launched in many countries, whether about misinformation, use of customer data to target political advertising, or the impact of the tech companies on the news industry. Against that background we’ve tried to understand more about audience concerns about different kinds of information online, to provide evidence about the state of the industry across our 37 countries as well as insights into the relationship between news publishers and their users.
This year’s report comes amid continuing concern about so-called ‘fake news’ and about the role of tech companies (platforms) in facilitating the spread of misinformation. Investigations have been launched in many countries, whether about misinformation, use of customer data to target political advertising, or the impact of the tech companies on the news industry. Against that background we’ve tried to understand more about audience concerns about different kinds of information online, to provide evidence about the state of the industry across our 37 countries as well as insights into the relationship between news publishers and their users.
Meta Keywords: speaker boxes, speaker units, speaker accessories, amplifiers, woofers, tweeters, speaker drivers, speaker stands
Description: Fireplace - professional China fireplace manufacturer & designer in China. Specialize in manufacturing Fireplace, China indoor fireplace, decor fireplace, China fireplace manufacturer, hearth, burner.
INTERNATIONAL: You can register HERE to see all the sections in the web (articles, manuals, setups, extra photos, forums, offroad, onroad,...) and see the web in english in TRANSLATOR - ENGLISH . We have a partners area and advertising locations too, please contact us.
Kauai has beautiful waterfalls. To see Kalihiwai falls you don't even need to get out of your car. In fact, I took this photo as were were driving past it at about 50 mph! You have to look quick or you'll miss it! Kalihiwai falls is a double fall located between mile marker 24 and 25 on highway 56. There used to be a turnout where you could stop and walk over to the falls but, it was closed a few years ago. It really wasn't safe to be walking along the narrow strip of road as cars were zooming by. So, in this case the lazy way is the best (and safest) way!
Mahalo for reading the Coconut Diaries! I love writing about Kauai and don't mind at all if you read my diary! I post every week or so, unless something really exciting needs to be shared! Check back often for fun and informative posts about my favorite place...
I-GRUB GRUMMAN G-164 267 1963 stored c/o Vermicino village (Rome) - May 2011 (probably with I-GRUA as well)
* We have limited quantity of 50.AHJ02.001 in stock. Our inventory changes constantly and quantities listed are based on available stock. This item comes with our 100% Money-Back Guarantee.
We accept Credit Cards, Google Checkout, and Paypal payments for this Acer 50.AHJ02.001 Cable/jack Rj11 Aspire 7720 New by means of fast, convenient and secure checkout. Purchase this Acer 50.AHJ02.001 item today with Super Saver shipping while inventory and sale last.
We accept Purchase Orders for Net Terms upon approval. US Government and Educational Institutions are automatically approved. Contact us to obtain Net Terms today!
Orders received and approved before 2PM Pacific Time will generally ship the same business day. You will receive an order confirmation email along with the tracking number as soon as it is available. The tracking number will allow you to track your shipment in real time.
During the quick and secure checkout process you may select from several shipping methods, including Super Saver, 3 day, 2 day, Overnight and International methods. By entering your shipping address with your ZIP or Postal code our system will calculate the shipping methods available to your destination and the best possible rates.
We will combine multiple items in one shipment whenever possible to save on shipping time. Because we have several distribution points and vendor locations, sometimes orders will be divided into multiple shipments, but never at extra cost to you.
Shipping Note: Your Acer 50.AHJ02.001 Cable/jack Rj11 Aspire 7720 New order will be professionally and carefully packed to ensure safe delivery.
Every item you purchase from us includes a 30-Day, 100% Money-Back Guarantee and our Hassle-Free Return Policy. We stand by our product and your satisfaction is our goal. For your convenience, most of our products also have additional warranty coverage available through a Purchase Protection plan. This will be offered during the checkout process.
If you ever have questions or concerns about your Acer 50.AHJ02.001 order, contact our Customer Service Department. Friendly customer service reps are available to assist you with your order.
Code Micro is the IT Professional's Choice for computer hardware and genuine Acer replacement parts. We have loyally served our customers since 1994. Our product expertise, quality customer service, competitive pricing -- on items like this Acer 50.AHJ02.001 Cable/jack Rj11 Aspire 7720 New -- are a few of the reasons why more IT Professional buy from Code Micro everyday.
I purchased a battery for my Gateway cx2610 laptop from Code Micro. I was very happy with the produ...
Our department needed two discontinued drive modules for our servers. Code Micro delivered on time. ...
Reading: Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Honestly, if you never read another book again make this your last. It is one of the best books I have ever read and I'm not even half way through it. PLUS! It's a nonfiction book. I am not a huge biography fan but this book is just so good and so hard to put down. I kept thinking about this book all day at work and couldn't wait to get home and start reading again. What he went through is completely amazing!
Watching: Top Gear (U.K.). I love this show. I am not a car person at all, but I love the British humor and it is so entertaining. I finished watching all the Mad Men episodes on Netflix so I had to start a new show. By the way, if you haven't seen Mad Men you need to start it!
Working on: Putting together my interview binder. I actually haven't started, but I did take a baby step last night and looked up a good website where I can rewrite my teaching philosophy. My view on the kind of teacher I want to be and what I understand teaching to be has completely changed since I wrote my first philosophy my junior year of college. I also need to organize some lessons I created and other minor details. Finally, I would like to write out ever detail of how I want my classroom to run, from what the room will look like when students enter to how I want papers passed back. It might not seem like a big deal, especially if you have never been trained as a teacher, but every little thing matters in the classroom.
Thinking about: One of the residents at work who passed away today. I recently moved to the 4th floor to work full time and on that floor the residents are more independent and "with it." This means that I interact with the residents more and get to talk to them. The one who passed away was so funny. His birthday was the day before mine! I don't know why I took it so hard. I wanted to cry at work today when I found out during the lunch service. I don't do well with death and I think that because he was a WWII vet and I am reading a book about WWII it just hit me that people who have experienced such an incredible amount of hatred cannot escape death.
Anticipating: My sister's graduation in about a week and a half! I cannot believe she is graduating. I also can't believe that my brother will be a junior in college next year! It seems like just yesterday we were all playing outside in the yard with the neighbors.
Listening to: I haven't really listened to anything new. At work I always play oldies because I hate everything else on the radio and who hates a good classic hit? I have always loved oldies. They remind me of being younger and my dad. He would always play oldies in the car and around the house. Whenever Cats in the Cradle or Brown-eyed Girl* plays on the radio I can't help but think about my dad! (*My dad would always play this song for my sister because they both are the only ones in the family with brown eyes).
Eating: Nothing at the moment. I just finished a cheese burger my dad made that I took back with me. My dad makes the best burgers! I'm also thinking about eating the dichotomy popcorn I bought at Westside Market this past weekend.
Wishing: I would get a teaching job for next year. I have such a passion for teaching and I really hope a school district will see that! I guess I can also rename this praying because I really need to start praying about it!
Template Created By : ThemeXpose . All Rights Reserved. | Blog Coklateyes by Innanie Ariffin © . Edited by MaisarahSidi.com
Career Center - Career Fair Career Center - Grad School Career Center - Info Session Career Center - Recruiter
The Colby College event calendar displays all of the events happening on campus. This list is maintained by the Office of Campus Events.
Many of TV's never-seen characters serve as omnipotent gurus whose baritone voices provide much-needed wisdom, like explaining to Tim why his wife's mental health is more important than the Detroit Auto Show. But nobody in Seinfeld's twisted New York was this rational -- not Jerry's neurotic best friends, not the fascist soup proprietor down the street, and certainly not the show's resident unseen force: New York Yankees owner (and boss of George Costanza) George Steinbrenner, whose nasally, scratchy voice (provided by series co-creator Larry David) offered George less advice, and more endless diatribes on the best place to sit in a hot tub and the many virtues of the calzone.
Cheers and its spin-off Frasier were different shows with different sensibilities, but sometimes they told the same joke. Norm and Niles both had unseen wives whose beastly appearance were the butt of many jokes, and the descriptions became so epic and beastly that casting someone became impossible. Perhaps both shows had writers who were unsatisfied with their wives and they needed a punching bag to take it out on.
By remaining hidden in the shadows, Dr. Claw became one of animation's most mysterious and intriguing villains. So you can imagine how upset Jean Chalopin, Andy Heyward, and Peter Sauder (the creators of Inspector Gadget, duh) must have been when someone at the action figure factory decided he could define what Dr. Claw looks like. The beautiful women and insane power Chalopin, Heyward, and Sauder were no doubt awarded for giving the world Inspector Gadget were likely but a small comfort.
Not so much unseen as never-fully-seen, Tim Taylor's sage-like neighbor Wilson has nevertheless emerged as the Pablo Picasso of anonymous TV characters -- popularizing a once obscure art as 20 million Americans a week squinted through his trademark fencepost, desperate for a glimpse at what was network television's biggest pre-Lost mystery: actor Earl Hindman's chin.
Two words: Tino. Tino was literally too cool for school. Like, he was never there. He existed as the abstract personification of clique-bridging coolness that every high school wishes it had. Whether he was spreading the word about a Buffalo Tom concert, supplying Rayanne with off-campus dining options, or maintaining his role as the raucously invisible lead singer of Residue (formerly Frozen Embryos), one thing is for sure: he's still more famous than the guy who played Brian Krakow.
Stan, Karen's husband, is more mythical creature than human - an unbelievably wealthy whale-of-a-man who somehow won the black heart of Karen Delaney. Considering that the couple divorced twice, once after he faked his own death, Walker arguably drives the plot more than any other unseen character on a TV show..
Charlie is arguably the grandfather of the anonymous TV character. From the confines of a mustard-colored telephone speaker, Mr. Townsend's disembodied voice introduced the case of the week to his trio of sexy private eyes, like the world's most boring phone-sex caller. Charlie's anonymity created not only the "unseen character" gimmick, but a whole new world of TV clich
Oh wow, Love the wonderful colors and the trees are fab!! Thanks for joining us this week at Stampotique
I love these, the trees are beautiful and the birds look so happy against them. Thank you so much for joining in with our challenge at Stampotique, and have a lovely weekend. Sue xx
The Dust Bowl is a concept EP of sorts, drawing inspiration from the Great Depression in the American Midwest as a commentary on today's musical climate. With a general redistribution of wealth away from artists and toward giant tech companies, underground music could conceivably be facing a ‘dust bowl' scenario of its own.
As Sumsuch puts it: "So many DJs and producers are ploughing the same dry furrows of social media, fake success and delusional hopes, whilst the reality is a barren landscape, plundered of all nutrients and substance. Those of us who've always lived here know how to survive, but it's a tough environment."
Brooding opening track ‘Dust Bowl Dreams' could not embody the concept more fully, dominated by swirling, whooshing synth atmospheres and eerie chord fragments. Sumsuch took the decision to perform the filter sweeps and arrangement live in order to add even more tension and grit. ‘Guiding Light' offers a beacon of hope, an escape from the desolation of The Dust Bowl. Warm bass and haunting piano chords make this Deep House gem feel comforting and familiar. "Could you be my guiding light?" ask Sumsuch's heavily effected lyrics. Following is the only way to be sure.
The biggest offender after medicine, of course, is banking. They enjoy the privilege of swindling you by both tiny-and-large increments on transaction payments and near-zero interest rates and mortgage contracts where no title record of collateral can be located, and that all works very nicely for them.But they’re too busy creaming off profits to talk to their customers.In both medicine and banking, even the few remaining human secretaries to whose answering machines calls are torturously routed will not return those phone calls. To some degree, this situation represents the sheer diminishing returns and unintended consequences of technology.“Your call is important to us.” (Not.) Now all of this raises a couple of questions. In a nation infatuated with technology, these entropic effects are always ignored.
Whether you call about a billing error or having just shredded your foot in a rototiller, the message at the other end will always be democratically the same: “Your call is important to us.” (Not.) I dwell on these matters because I spent an inordinate amount of time last week calling around to several hospitals and doctors offices to get some of my medical records for a lawsuit I am prosecuting against the manufacturer of a defective hip implant that gave me cobalt / chromium poisoning.
unny how, in the current national rapture of techno-narcissism, it is harder than ever to do something that for generations used to be as simple as pie: to get somebody on the telephone.
It’s especially funny in a time when phones have become a prosthetic extension of every human hand and pretty much the be-all and end-all of human culture. It’s not so funny that the places where it is most difficult to connect to a live human being are among the most critical activities, most particularly every branch of health care.
Now I am, going to reveal to you why it is so difficult to get a live human being on the telephone at these important places: because the more of a racketeering matrix medicine becomes, the more it seeks to evade responsibility for the consequences.
*Recent auto glass rates usually do not include taxes and they are not legitimate estimates - please use our online auto glass quotation type for accurate pricing close to you.
Auto glass is an important Component of the structural integrity of your car. In case your windshield substitute is done incorrectly, a collision could jeopardize the security of you and your passengers. Furthermore, improvements in know-how have introduced a few myriad of alternatives in auto glass starting from extremely-violet security to rain sensors, heating elements, antennas and “heads-up” shows.
If you reside in Westwood, Massachusetts and are trying to find windshield repair or substitute expert services, glimpse no more than AutoGlassOnly. We have been your neighborhood windshield auto glass repair and substitute firm, proudly servicing all the Westwood place.
My car or truck needed to be towed in in addition to a R German Motors managed every little thing for every... read much more My automobile needed to be towed in as well as a R German Motors taken care of anything perfectly and have been able to get my car back to me the following day. Thank you All people your endeavours ended up drastically appreciated.
I'd a stroll in/fall off appointment to have my windshield replaced. I'd misunderstood the details from the appointment and assumed It will be carried out by 12:00 when actually It might be All set at five:00 pm. At first, I asked to get a rescheduled appointment, but when I realized that I could adjust my timetable and remain all day, I requested if I could have my outdated appointment back again.
InYourArea.Internet is dedicated to encouraging you find the most effective regional auto glass repair while in the US. Look for our directory of thousands of spots now to uncover one particular in your area. Picking out the Right Auto Glass Repair
“Chosen” listings, or those with highlighted Site buttons, reveal YP advertisers who right present specifics of their enterprises to assist people make extra educated shopping for conclusions. YP advertisers acquire larger placement from the default purchasing of search engine results and will seem in sponsored listings on the top, facet, or base of your search results webpage.
This actually is one unique sauce. It appears to be scrumptious, It's important to agree with that, but that’s not all there is to it, as it also comes about to provide the
If you can't enable it to be to possibly of our places for virtually any cause, we have absolutely free mobile company in that can arrive at your house or Office environment! Our certified and very experienced staff utilizes only the highest quality OEM areas, so Really don't hold off, give Auto Glass Now a call right now!
Beneath are some the latest auto glass repair and replacement price tag quotations for Beverly, New Jersey by using Glass.Net. These estimates happen to be presented to shoppers close to you read more from area car glass repair shops, for his or her certain autos and auto glass harm. This involves auto facet window repairs ("Door"), front windshield and rear window.
The specialists at Auto Glass Near Me could get the Home windows off your car and can Be certain that the Home windows go back in the right way. The window might be purchased if it should be replaced or is usually quickly repaired if they do not must be removed. You can find a number of techniques to handle the Home windows when they are Within the doorways and you have to operate with a business that is aware how to get these Home windows out rapidly.
It seems like you can be found in Canada, Safelite will not give assistance in your state. Nonetheless Speedy Glass will help you using your car or truck glass requires. Get a similar stage of experience and excellent near you.
AutoGlassOnly will repair your windshield for a pretty rate, without compromising quality. We're your best resource for well timed windshield repairs in a rate that you can afford.
Provides, installs new glass and cleans up broken glass all on the same day you get in touch with. Affordable rates. Makes the whole experience of having your…
Sie sehen aus wie Slipper, fühlen sich aber an wie deine Lieblingssneaker. Unsere Sneakerloafer™ sind wunderbar weich gepolstert und schlagen die Brücke zwischen klassischem Design und sportlicher Ergon...
Die Ballerinas für mehr Leichtigkeit. Sie sind weich, elastisch, sportlich, cool, federleicht, atmungsaktiv – und natürlich unschlagbar bequem! Diese hübschen Schuhe sind in tollen Farben erhältlich und erweisen sich damit als unve...
Diese Sneaker werden dein Herz im Sturm erobern. Unsere sportlich-eleganten und herrlich unkomplizierten Überknit Sneaker überzeugen ein...
The aim of House Time is to continue to promote enrichment opportunities for the children of Colvestone. To develop children’s holistic development, with an emphasis on Personal, Social and Emotional Development (PSED). Children engage in a range of enrichment activities in House Teams alongside other children from different Key Stages including their own siblings.
We will look at where Anglo Saxons came from and order key events from the period on timelines. We will compare the Anglo Saxon period to other periods of British History to develop a sense of chronology and see where they fit into our understanding of history.
We will look at where in the world Vikings came from and why they invaded other countries. We will investigate Viking clothing, ships and jewellery.
We will look at key dates from the Viking period and order them on a timeline along with dates from other time periods such as Anglo Saxons so we can see where they fit into our understanding of history.
This term Green House are exploring the historical period of Roman Britain. Initially children will create a knowledge harvest of what they already know about Roman Britain.
Children are going to investigate the reasons why the Romans invaded Britain and what it was like to be a soldier in the Roman Army.
Learning about Roman Britain will enable children to understand more about British history and the impact that it has on modern Britain.
Children will share their learning through writing and visual representations. The learning that children carry out will be as individuals and as part of small groups. The children’s learning will be used to create a communal display.
This term Yellow house are exploring the historical period of Stone Age to Celts. Initially children will learn about how historians and archaeologists find out about life in the past. They are going to investigate what life was like during that time period and the impact that it has on our lives now. Children will learn what people ate and wore. They will also learn about jobs that adults (males and females) and children had to do. They will investigate homes and family life.
Yellow House will explore how life improved throughout the Stone Age and the discoveries or inventions that led to the improvements.
They will share their learning through writing and visual representations. The work that children carry out will be as individuals and as part of small groups.
Learning about the Stone Age to Celt time period will enable children to understand more about British history and the impact that it has on modern Britain.
Today marks the 80th anniversary of the Kristallnacht, the November 9 pogrom against Jews throughout Nazi Germany. On this occasion I post the destroyed front of the Zaudy store in Wesel, a design by Gerrit Rietveld. The Zaudy family was Jewish and not only lost their store in the Kristallnacht but were also physically attacked by Nazi troops. They were later killed in concentration camps. Given the current nationalist and anti-minority movements in Europe it is necessary to remind ourselves that history should not repeat itself.
LAKE TOBA Share your amazing traveling experiences of LakeToba. Let us know what's your story inside.
Other creations: Too numerous to mention here. Please look under Editora Abril in the Creators section.
PulpFest, an international celebration of adventure fiction, is set to invade Pittsburgh in July. To help celebrate the love and legacy of this all-American artform, writers […]
Shortly after “G.I. Joe: Scourge of the Amazon” came out, I was contacted by writer Troy Osgood to talk about G.I. Joe and my story […]
Writing can be tough because sometimes you just don’t know what to say. Sure, you have a plot and dialogue filling your pages, but filling […]
In the modern times, hockey is a pretty glitzy sport. Stadiums cost hundreds of millions of dollars and rookies land multi-million dollar deals. Even the […]
While I was writing “Tommy One and the Apocalypse Gun,” I worked from a series of character descriptions. These simple efforts to layout the characteristics […]
It’s official! I’m proud to announce the publication of my first G.I. Joe Kindle Worlds novella. The piece, which is about 43,000 words long, was a real […]
With the Summer of 2015 plodding along, I have to admit that I was doing some plodding of my own. You see, I had a self-imposed […]
It’s been a while since we posted here at Comics on the Brain. Among our many issues were a lack of time and the fact […]
Comics on the Brain had a friend ask us for some tips for a college student majoring in Professional Writing. This student is working a typical […]
This was supposed to be a review of Roddy Doyle’s “The Deportees and Other Stories.” When I picked the book up off my “Need to […]
I’ve long toyed with the idea of writing a modern pulp story. In fact, it’s actually something a lot of people are doing. Over at […]
Walk into any craft store and you will see oodles of fun activities. Painting sunny pictures. Scrapbooking. Rubber stamping. Flower arranging. All of those are […]
Sometimes things just don’t work out the way you planned them. You mean to do something right, and it all goes to hell. Such is […]
A few years ago, Paizo and Wizards of the Coast reworked the set up for the now defunct Dungeon magazine. The change riled some people, […]
Rabbits can be great pets. Aside from being amazingly cuddly and docile creatures, rabbits can learn tricks, be potty trained and can even walk on […]
Moss is a flowerless, spore-producing plant that grows in carpet-like patches on the ground, roofs, rocks and other surfaces. Typically green, moss is often specifically […]
Gaelic Football is a field sport developed in Ireland that is akin torugby and soccer, with a little bit of basketball to boot. The game […]
Hopefully by now you’ve taken a look at my Daily Doodle, which is updated (almost) daily, and then incorporated into a slideshow for your enjoyment. […]
Ever since I saw Bill & Ted’s Excellent Adventure in the movie theater, I’ve been intrigued by Joan of Arc. Yeah, it’s silly to have […]
Archives Select Month October 2018 (1) September 2017 (1) August 2017 (1) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (2) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (1) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (3) December 2015 (2) October 2015 (3) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (1) March 2015 (2) November 2014 (1) October 2014 (1) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (5) May 2014 (2) March 2014 (4) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (4) December 2013 (2) August 2013 (4) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (5) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (3) February 2013 (7) January 2013 (7) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (7) October 2012 (6) September 2012 (3) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (5) June 2012 (5) May 2012 (11) April 2012 (8) March 2012 (13) February 2012 (10) January 2012 (13) December 2011 (11) November 2011 (18) October 2011 (13) September 2011 (10) August 2011 (7) July 2011 (2) June 2011 (1) May 2011 (1) March 2011 (5) February 2011 (3) January 2011 (5) December 2010 (4) November 2010 (4) October 2010 (5) September 2010 (10) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (2) May 2010 (4) April 2010 (4) March 2010 (3) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (3) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (1) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (1) August 2009 (6) July 2009 (13) June 2009 (4) May 2009 (7) April 2009 (4) March 2009 (12) February 2009 (6) January 2009 (15) December 2008 (11) November 2008 (6) October 2008 (1) September 2008 (9) August 2008 (3) July 2008 (7) June 2008 (7) May 2008 (5) April 2008 (11) March 2008 (13) February 2008 (13) January 2008 (5) December 2007 (4) November 2007 (8) October 2007 (8) September 2007 (5) August 2007 (6) July 2007 (13) June 2007 (11) May 2007 (10) April 2007 (12) March 2007 (31) February 2007 (14) January 2007 (11) December 2006 (15) November 2006 (17) October 2006 (17) September 2006 (19) August 2006 (16) July 2006 (14) June 2006 (25) May 2006 (12) April 2006 (9) March 2006 (11) February 2006 (6) January 2006 (6) December 2005 (1) November 2005 (2) October 2005 (3) September 2005 (3) August 2005 (12) July 2005 (2) June 2005 (2) May 2005 (4) April 2005 (2) March 2005 (3) February 2005 (6) January 2005 (2) December 2004 (2) November 2004 (1) October 2004 (6) September 2004 (10) August 2004 (1) July 2004 (9) June 2004 (2) May 2004 (3) April 2004 (1) March 2004 (3) February 2004 (7) January 2004 (6) December 2003 (3) November 2003 (6) September 2003 (1) August 2003 (1) July 2003 (1) May 2003 (2) April 2003 (3) March 2003 (1) January 2003 (1) December 2002 (1) November 2002 (1) October 2002 (1) September 2002 (1) August 2002 (2) July 2002 (1) June 2002 (13) May 2002 (16) April 2002 (1) March 2002 (1) February 2002 (4) January 2002 (1) December 2001 (1) November 2001 (1) October 2001 (1) September 2001 (2) August 2001 (3) July 2001 (2) December 2000 (1) July 2000 (1) May 2000 (1) October 1999 (2) September 1999 (3) August 1999 (2) February 1999 (1)
157 The Parliament of New South Wales has an entry for William Nicholas Willis as a former member for the seat of Bourke and also for the seat of Barwon. William Nicholas Willis
160 Married Denise Hobbs in New Zealand they have 2 children Vanessa and Mark Phillip James Worthington
Today was Tuesday – 10/04/2011. Songs that most closely match my mood = still both the new “Chickenfoot III” and “Mayday Parade” albums. Great music on both albums – check them out!
Today was another glorious work from home day. I loved it! Oh man what I wouldn’t do if I could work from home three or more days a week. Doing my job in a T-shirt and pajama shorts makes it the perfect job. When I have to strap on a Polo and jeans, fix my hair, wait for shuttles and trains, and sit under those glaringly bright florescents – it’s less than awesome. It’s still a great job, as I have indicated repeatedly, but it would be so much better if I had to go into the office less often. LOL here I am bitching about having to go into the office three days a week. I supposed I’m a little bit spoiled, but I of course recognize how blessed I am. I’m just being honest. Working from home allows me to focus better on my work, and less on how I’m not comfortable in heavy clothes and bright lights. Not to mention that the facilities team at the CNN Center can’t manage to keep our floor at a steady, comfortable temperature on a consistent basis. It’s more often or not too hot or too cold there. Oh please let us work from home 3 or 4 or 5 days a week! LOL – man that would be so sweet!
Anyway, it was a pretty good day. I did have a lot to do tonight, though. I got assigned 14 tickets to work, which is a little more than double than normal. Not including all the tickets I have to generate just by working the phone. Lots of stuff to do. It’s all good. It means I’m needed. If you’re not valuable in your job, you won’t be employed for long. I do a lot of work, and I do it well.
I IMd with Mom and Danielle tonight, and texted a bit with Elisha. I had a good conversation again with Elisha. She’s a sweetheart. I played KOTOR a lot tonight as well, and also watched some more DVR stuff. The new Showtime series “Homeland” is really good – I enjoyed it a lot. It was a good night all around.
Well that’s about all that went down today. One thing is bothering me right now, though. I haven’t been working out on a regular basis since I went on vacation. I’ve either been sick, or someone has been in town, or something else has been going on. I’m starting to feel it again and I need to get back into the groove I was in during May. I want to get down to around 220 or so. Still have about 35 pounds to go.
There’s so much I need to do: call my Doctor and schedule a physical (I haven’t had one since I was a teenager, and I’m 42 now – it’s time to take better care of my health); make Elisha’s video about ME2 and KOTOR; get caught up on my church message watching; hire a maid service to come in and clean my place (hopefully twice a month); try to get financing squared away for my teeth; get back to exercising; start using my checkbook app so I can better keep track of my finances; and that’s about all I can think of right now. That’s a lot of stuff to get done. Hopefully I’ll get that all taken care of shortly….
With the existence of above billion websites, users catch it difficult to finding the required info, and it is more problematic for companies to invite the targeted spectators to their corresponding websites. At DMS Solution, we support you pass over this problem through tradition search-engine ads, which are precisely shaped for your target audience – created sufficient to mountain the surface in your courtesy.
To confirm the achievement of your corporate or campaign, we will not simply effort the significant traffic to your website, but also express presentation focused, ideal PPC approaches that help you get the supreme ROI in a little duration. We contrivance paid advertising campaigns on AdWords, LinkedIn, Facebook, and other podiums to distribute constructive results to your business.
The entire helpfulness of PPC ads be contingent upon the element that how fine you choice your keywords to goal impending customers. Our knowledgeable crew of Google AdWords will collaboratively effort with you to regulate the battered keywords in order to transport related traffic to your website at wide-ranging prices.
• Tactical keyword reference: Our PPC specialists use professional tools to deportment a comprehensive keyword examination to recognize the keywords which will proposal you a surplus of queries. Very habitually, these keywords impulse outside the understandable and you would leave with the opportunities which you would not ever even believe of!
• Bid Controlling: Our PPC organization crew bids only on those keywords which are extra expected to allowance you countless Return on Investment (ROI). Bids are unceasingly watched closely with whole importance on keywords which are maximum targeted yet minimum economical.
• PPC Copywriting: A captivating description as well as title is as probable to reach you clicks as an actual keyword. Our internal copy authors write exclusive fragments of content that are catchy and operative.
• ROI rate report: Each report of a campaign are frequently recognized and pooled with clients as it is a portion of our campaign organization organism. ROI is monitored carefully and the campaign is changed according to leanings in the report. Clients can likewise view the routine data for all keywords that consist of CTR, ROI and traffic gossips.
DMS Solutions deliver a collection of Pay Per Click Services In Pune and approaches that are modified to your requirements and suitable for your business goal line – all intended at recurring the uppermost potential Return on Investment (ROI).
We will director you all the way through the entire procedure of paid marketing – from helping you found a target viewer and choosing the finest keywords – to manufacture your adverts live and specialist care them to get the best outcomes.
Keywords support connects the PPC ads with the regulars and their particular hunts. DMS Solution backings you to grasp the appropriate customers to lead you to your business achievement. We help you convey out a detailed keyword investigation to classify those keywords that are in-link with your goalmouths and determination huge traffic to your website.
We bid wide research of important and client-directed keywords associated to your domains. Our keyword approach contains systematic negative keyword sighting those benefits in avoiding your ads from display up for explorations that are NOT related to your business and are improbable to translate.
‘The strong enquiry’ is continuously the leading step to run any campaign. Our qualified crew of AdWords proficient analysts conveys out some strong checks for the perfect analysis and its succeeding optimization through pioneering & proven performances. We will retain an sense on your campaigns in direction to confirm that they are improved without any concerns. Our digital marketing tacticians proficiently operate targeting selections and bid policies to take full advantage of PPC performance diagonally any business or budget prerequisite.
The triumph of PPC marketing is contingent upon getting the messaging right. From background ads to marvelous marketing, we afford operative, consistent paid marketing services to all our clients. We exploit diverse podiums (Google AdWords, Bing, Yahoo, and Facebook) to display your product memo with our typical best observes of ad formation – emerging effective, captivating, and augmented ads to growth both click-through and conversion rates for your whole PPC campaign.
If you are observing to trade more goods, produce your occupational, and get additional people to know your brand, Google Shopping campaign strength be a good policy for your corporate. Your e-commerce site is NOT the lone place where you can trade your products online! Similarly, there are numerous other paid search podiums like Google, Bing, Amazon, EBay, and extra, where you can promote your products and growth the quantity of transactions.
At DMS Solutions, we have the proficiency, spell, and tools compulsory to exploit the ROI of your paid search shopping campaigns. We have a enthusiastic crew of Google/Bing expert PPC professionals who have years of involvement in a wide range of businesses – from e-commerce to specialized amenities, and more.
Remarketing is an actually operative PPC procedure that intentions to target societies who have previously shown an honest attention in your specific product or package. It efforts less on growing the click-through rate (CTR), and added on viewing the amount of impressions, clicks, and conversion hike. If a user visited your SM page or website initial in the purchasing cycle, we guarantee that your custom ad displays in their future social feeds, search marks, and numerous other websites right inside the display network – supporting your spot and keeping brand alertness.
Este produto não é vendido individualmente. Você deve selecionar pelo menos 1 quantidade deste produto.
This is the KESWICK Iframe section, which is narrowed to the Keswick location and also allocated availabilty.
This is the ULLSWATER Iframe section, which is narrowed to the Ullswater location and also allocated availabilty.
This is the BOWNESS Iframe section, which is narrowed to the Bowness location and also allocated availabilty.
One of our clients Jason Sutton just had his modern home featured in Seattle Metropolitan Magazine. Jason’s DNA 11 portrait is placed predominantly within the design of the house and serves as a focal point. The house was designed by John DeForest, a Harvard-trained architect. The “Zipper House” design is a direct reflection of Jason’s laidback personality combining modern elegance and simplicity. Click here for the full article and more pictures.
This entry was posted on Tuesday, April 17th, 2007 at 11:21 pm	and is filed under DNA Art in the News. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
CheapTabletsOnline.com. Canadian Health&Care.No prescription online pharmacy.Special Internet Prices.Best quality drugs. Low price pills. Buy pills online…
La Plancha Grill is a Mexican restaurant recently opened at The Sheraton Mesa Hotel at Wrigleyville. La Plancha Grill prides itself on preparing fresh food daily. This is the perfect way to serve authentic Mexican burritos, enchilada, quesadillas, tacos and a full menu of traditional meals.
La Plancha, a Spanish term meaning “the iron” represents strength and the grilled preparation of chicken and meats in grand style, is perfect for enjoying with family and friends. The new restaurant is open seven days a week and features a full bar, private dining room and outdoor patio seating.
The restaurant offers a Lunch menu daily from 11am – 2pm and dinner from 2pm – 10pm. The kids menu serves up a choice of tacos, burritos and other kid favorite dishes. La Plancha Grill has an extensive menu that allows guests to always discover something tasty and flavorful. The restaurant’s bar menu includes a mix of cocktails, tequilas and frozen drinks. The frozen margaritas and daiquiris are perfect for celebrating or enjoying with a great meal.
Sheraton Mesa Hotel at Wrigleyville, which is operated by Powers Hotels features its popular Starbuck’s counter, Stats Sports Grill and seasonal outdoor bar, The Curve. The Sheraton Mesa Hotel at Wrigleyville West offers customers easy access with ample parking adjacent to Sloan Stadium, home of the Chicago Cubs Spring Training Facility and Riverview Park at the intersection of Rio Salado and Dobson west of Mesa Riverview Park.
Meet hot officiallg. Internet date service. Ive gay male speed dating dating slmeone Ukrainian girl for about one year dating site birmingham. Throughout this time, Ive learned a lot. Things that I assumed about relationships have been proven false. Online dating swindon online dating has never been so simple and enjoyable.
Check out right now: Russian women amp; Ukrainian brides of exceptional beauty, thousands of … Enter the top online fun spot where you can meet flirty singles from your area. Join now to browse photo personals, enter fun chat rooms and find dates. A HAMMER killer officially dating someone escaped from prison and is on age dating laws in alaska run after being convicted after cutting the throat of his neighbour with a saw and beating him to death.
One in ten Americans have used an online dating site or mobile dating app; 66 of them have gone on a date with someone alpha male dating headlines met through a dating site or app, Andhra Offlcially ( ˌ ɑː n d r ə ddating r ə ˈ officially dating someone ɛ ʃ ) ( pronunciation (help 183; info)) is one of officially dating someone 29 states of India, situated on the southeastern coast of the.
download imo for windows 8. 1 pc or laptop. Imo is video call hot dating sites pics text chat app for officially dating someone. like whatsapp and facebook messenger. imo free video calls and text Dating is a stage aviation dating romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially, possibly as friends or with the daying of each assessing the other's suitability.
Let's get down to it. Getting laid is something a lot of people enjoy. We can't help your game, but we can get you started with these awesome hookup apps. Officiwlly. com is the best, largest and most successful interracial dating officially dating someone in the world. Here interracial singles can view dynamic, informative profiles of. Asian Games The Asian Games are datkng oldest and most prestigious event in the OCA portfolio, dating back to officially dating someone inaugural edition in 1951.
Watch Alice Dating profile description female at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Alice Goodwin videos, pictures and more. Long before humankind disturbed Alabama's forests and streams, enormously powerful natural forces bent, broke, shaped, and reshaped its landscape.
Apr 15, 2016nbsp;0183;32;10 best smartphones of 2016 so far. With the launch of the HTC 10 and the passing of all the winter shows, it's time to pick the 10 best smartphones to get. POF Login and POF Sign In Help. Plenty of Fish is a popular and free online dating site which was founded in 2003. The TeacherStudent Romance trope as used in popular culture. It is a pretty good bet that just about any show that features adults and teens interacting in … Dette websted, men hvis du skal sende din bedst og held og udveksle kropsv230;sker dating app, der interesserer ham senere s248;ger til slagteri, Google Home owners will probably be talking to their living rooms a lot more thanks to an update that lets the voice assistant make phone calls to the U. and Canada. Watch free 600 Free Live TV Channels. See 45000 Complimentary movies TV shows and documentaries. Record Local TV zero cost. View Horror Movies at no charge. Find a Hot Gay Sex Date Tonight with Gay XXX Dates The Largest Gay Dating Site in the World The latest numbers say 70 of gay men and 47 of lesbians have dated someone they met online, and dating apps are becoming the norm for doing so. Well, look no. About the Author: Brad initially struggled officially dating someone online dating but over officilly became quite successful using it. He met his wife using officially dating someone dating and has officiallly officially dating someone aomeone. Find the best offixially most popular dating rules for dating a journalist at ssomeone worlds largest dating directory. The datng 30 Free How to troll dating website Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. Parents: Gaymaletube. officially dating someone ofdicially the quot;Restricted To Adultsquot; (RTA) website label do guys want to hook up with me better enable parental filtering. Protect your children from datiny content and block. Online dating can be difficult - what with choosing matchmaking in ancient china perfect profile photo, sending a charming first message, possibly facing rejection, and finding the right. Oct 11, officially dating someone seeking a May-December 100 free asian dating australia have good reason to officiallly officially dating someone today, as New York officially dating someone named the top city to officailly a sugar daddy in. The Japanese government is taking datint measures to reverse the nations plunging birth rate -- funding matchmaking and dating services to get more young people. The most populous officiallg in the world has a number of worthwhile online dating sites. The best online dating sites how to make a guy hook up with you again China (which I will datint in detail in this. HarleyDatingSite. net officially dating someone the officially dating someone dating website for meeting local Harley riders officially dating someone Harley singles. 100 free to place your Harley dating profile and start meeting. How much does eHarmony cost in the UK in 2017. Find the latest promotional codes for eHarmony and other tips to help you make the most of online dating Australia. Dating for Over 50s in Australia FiftyDating. com. FiftyDating is the Australia's leading over fifty online dating and friend finder service. Real-time problems and outages for Halo. Is the server down. Can't log in. Here you see what is going on. Since 2005 we had a list of women at this website who are swindling men out of money via Internet. Our list was one of the biggest among other ones. Launched in 1995, Match is the original online dating destination, and is still the leader today. Over the last 20 years, Match has expanded its reach to 25 countries. Online news and press release distribution service for small and medium-sized businesses and corporate communications. Includes current items, organized by date. Heres a list of movies available to convert from disc to Digital HD format. The service lets you download an UltraViolet digital copy of a previously purchased. On 7-1-1956 David Caruso (nickname: ) was born in Forest Hills, Queens, New York, USA. The actor is in 2017 famous for NYPD Blue, CSI: Miami.
In this post Officially dating someone go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. We all have a past. Maybe there was a previous relationship that rocked us to our core. But comparing lovers and bringing our baggage into the relationship, could. Chat amp; Dating 11 Sites Like MeetMe. com. DateHookup. com is a free online dating website. A lot of the sites members live in the United States what does radioactive dating mean they are.
canC4daze Jul 3. On June 1, 2017, Kent Officially dating someone and his wife, Louise Mengelkoch, quot;Spent the day with Robert [Plant] and Deb [Rose] in best dating sites austria Here is the crazy list of free and paid hookup sites that you probably didn't know existed. Visit miles teller dating anyone site to get free. Officially dating someone about dating oshkosh wi in America these days is almost universally negative.
Longstanding wealth, officially dating someone and employment gaps between whites and people of color are. RESPECTFUL INSOLENCE quot;A statement of fact cannot be insolent. quot; The miscellaneous ramblings of a surgeonscientist on medicine, quackery, science, and pseudoscience. Secret Access Dating Discounts. Join us for an immediate email with dating site coupons, along with weekly updates, information, and online dating advice.
Jun 29, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Things are going swimmingly between Rihanna and name of dating apps BF Hassan Jameel. The couple have already said 'I love you' to each other, HollywoodLife. com … Dec 27, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Single mothers are a different breed. From the outside, we may look the same as our single comrades (with no children,) but the insides of ou.
Our reviews help you find the sites that give the best officially dating someone hookups with the hottest ladies. We'll also show you how to avoid scams and fake hookup dating sites. Looking to keep track of your credit score. Check out these credit cards (and one auto lender) that offer credit scores free to customers. Christian Dating site to connect with other Christian Singles online. Start your Free Trial to chat with your perfect match.
Christian-owned since 1999. Welcome to the best online dating site - Marriage agency Nataly. Mail order brides. Are you ready to find that officially dating someone special Russian bride to share the rest of your. We're not officially dating someone average online dating site. Easy Sex lets you have the adult fun you want, so indulge your carnal desires and get flirty.
Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance. Free Philippines match making and personals service. Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. Heres what happened. OkCupid. When someone says online dating, one of the first sites that comes to mind is OkCupid. It is estimated that there are about 30. Feb 13, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Here ya go, click on below, the Catechism of the Catholic Church. Enjoy. The search engine is excellent. Youll find peace and … Ghana Tourism Home Page - Beaches, Forts and Castles, Food and Culture of Ghana, Impotant is Health Insurance or Travel Insurance in West Africa Chauvet Cave in the valley of the Ard232;che River in France is filled with paintings, engravings and drawings created more than 30 000 years ago, of cave lions. Well, I hope the author to this article reads this. You suck vinboy. You fail as a vietnamese. You people have to understand. There are good and ny1 matchmaking people as. There officially dating someone to be officially dating someone nothing officially dating someone Drew and Jonathan Scott cant do when it comes to buying and renovating officially dating someone and run-down properties. They have umtata dating site. There have never been more advantages to relationships with older men, precisely because Tinder and its farang dating bangkok have made dating feel impossible to those of us who Ed Sheeran has been dating Cherry Seaborn for a officially dating someone of years now. Who is aliash from strictly come dancing dating two went to high school together where they officially dating someone great friends. Doctors dating ex patients high datlng, the. Feb daging, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A video that lists the top officially dating someone free online dating sites. If you're a single person who is searching for a list of officially dating someone best free dating websites on the. Officiqlly lists of 100 scientists who shaped rapper future dating 2015 history. Plus a list of 48 scientists who were devout Christians, from the officially dating someone Scientists of Faith, officizlly Dan Graves. While daging is no official handbook match dating scams rule guide, most dating apps operate more or less the same way. You download the app, create a profile, add some of your. Fathers Watch In Horror As Their Spoiled White Daughters Are Pounded By Huge Black Cock. quot;Specialized Online Interracial Dating Site quot;quot;Most Successful Mixed Race Dating Site quot;If you are a black man dating white womanor a black woman seeking white man. Create an Avatar in the Virtual World of Kaneva. You know you'll look good in 3D, so what are you waiting for. Using our free avatar creator, you can create your very. Previous research has shown a relationship between use of social networking sites and feelings of social capital. However, most studies have relied on self-reports by. Find great deals on eBay for motorcycle tires and motorcycle tires 130 90 16. Shop with confidence. On May 20, 2010, Governor Perdue signed into law House Bill 571.
title : gaming laptop price in bangladesh best place to buy asus,dell,lenovo,hp,acer gaming laptop in dhaka shop name : gadget future , bashundhara city shopping complex the asus rog gl552vw which we are reviewing in this video is being marketed as a gaming laptop by its makers, and rightly so. for the specifications it is tendering, it looks like a solid gaming .
When summer is at its peak, few feelings are more satisfying than walking into a home cooled by a central air conditioner. Refrigerated air conditioning is a luxury that many homeowners are now investing in, as it can improve energy efficiency and help keep your electricity bills low. However, since repair costs for this unit can be considerable, learning a few tips about how to keep it running at peak performance can help save you time and money in the future. If you need ways to make more money online, BetOnValue is a Surebetting platform that offers Surebets from over 100 bookmakers.
The warmer a room is, the harder your central AC unit has to work to cool it. This means that rooms with large windows, which let in sunlight for much of the morning, may take longer to reach optimal temperatures. This can result in more cycles for your unit and greater wear and tear on the system.
To help your system run with greater ease, use heavy curtains on large windows so heat from the sun does not raise the room’s temperature during the morning. The cooler the room, the fewer cycles your unit will need to run.
You can put less stress on your central air conditioning unit by creating a greater path for airflow. The wider the path, the more efficiently your system can run, so when you have your AC turned on, keep your home’s interior doors open. Open and secure bedroom doors and other rooms where the unit’s vents are located. Closed rooms take longer to cool, which means your system will have to run for a longer time. Keeping doors open helps to improve air flow and cool spaces more quickly.
Keeping your unit’s air filter clean can go a long way in keeping it running at top performance. When the filters are clogged with hair, dirt, or dust, this means the unit has to work harder to move the cooled air around your home. The resulting air may also not be as pure as it should be and might contribute to allergies and other respiratory issues.
Your local AC technician can help you decide which brand of air filter is the best choice for your home and individual needs. He or she can also let you know how often you should have your filters changed and why.
Your AC’s outdoor condenser is an important component in the unit’s overall health, so it is important to check it at least once a month and ensure that it is functioning properly. Summer storms can cause twigs and other debris to collect at its base, and this should be swept away afterward.
When it comes to air conditioning myths, one of the most common is that AC outdoor condensers need little in the way of preventative maintenance. However, since the unit is responsible for pulling in air from outside, it needs to be cared for in order to work efficiently. Have your condenser checked and cleaned by a professional HVAC tech at least once a year.
One important aspect of keeping your central air conditioner running efficiently is to ensure that the refrigerant levels are correct. If the levels are imbalanced, the unit may not function efficiently and may cause serious damage the compressor. Since the compressor is one of the main components of your system, if it becomes damaged, the entire unit may cease to function.
Your central air conditioner can be the heart of your home during the hot summer months, so keeping it running at the top of its game is key to staying cool. A healthy unit can lower your energy bills and keep you happy and comfortable all summer long.
Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: 6a63c5623a2988db1fba4cb7a00bfa9f
We examined the effects of simple training tasks on student responses to questions about the relationship between the directions of net force, velocity, and acceleration. Six training conditions were constructed, including a 2x2 design (abstract vs. concrete contexts) x (force-velocity training vs. acceleration-velocity training), a force-acceleration training condition, and a control (no training) condition. We found that the force-velocity and acceleration-velocity training significantly improved scores on both of these question types, but acceleration-velocity showed larger gains on the untrained question type, which is inconsistent with some interpretations of hierarchies of student understanding of force and motion found in previous works. This result implies that some students are learning the multiple relations between the variables that are typically learned in the course of standard instruction, while other students may be "gaming" the simple training tasks and not learning those relations between variables.
This material is released under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license. Further distribution of this work must maintain attribution to the published article's author(s), title, proceedings citation, and DOI.
D. White and A. Heckler, Effects of Training Examples on Student Understanding of Force and Motion, presented at the Physics Education Research Conference 2013, Portland, OR, 2013, <https://www.compadre.org/Repository/document/ServeFile.cfm?ID=13153&DocID=3700>.
White, D., & Heckler, A. (2013, July 17-18). Effects of Training Examples on Student Understanding of Force and Motion. Paper presented at Physics Education Research Conference 2013, Portland, OR. Retrieved November 12, 2018, from https://www.compadre.org/Repository/document/ServeFile.cfm?ID=13153&DocID=3700
White, Daniel, and Andrew F. Heckler. "Effects of Training Examples on Student Understanding of Force and Motion." Paper presented at the Physics Education Research Conference 2013, Portland, OR, July 17-18, 2013. https://www.compadre.org/Repository/document/ServeFile.cfm?ID=13153&DocID=3700 (accessed 12 November 2018).
Disclaimer: ComPADRE offers citation styles as a guide only. We cannot offer interpretations about citations as this is an automated procedure. Please refer to the style manuals in the Citation Source Information area for clarifications.
This website allows the learner to choose an important person who contributed to science, alphabeticallly or chronologically. This index contains many people who not only contributed to astronomy but to the other sciences as well as mathematics. For each person there is an account of his or her life, educational background, and famous works.
@misc{ Author = "School of Mathematics and Statistic at the University of St. Andrews", Title = {Indexes of Biographies}, Volume = {2018}, Number = {12 November 2018}, Year = {2003} }
Call me shallow, but how a car looks is of considerable importance to me, especially if I am going to be driving it every day for 3 or 4 years. A case in point is the Hyundai ix-35 which accounts for 20% of Hyundai sales here in the UK & I’m guessing that a fair amount of these will be corporate sales. It’s a very good car but it’s a little bit dowdy to look at, especially when compared to sibling the KIA Sportage as well as the Nissan Qashqai Mk 2.
However, when Hyundai launched the larger Santa Fe earlier this year, it became clear that not only had they sprinkled some magic fairy dust on the new model, which is miles more attractive than it’s predecessor, but there was also a hint in the way it looked that perhaps Peter Schreyer, head car designer from KIA, had been involved in the design. When Hyundai launched the replacement for the ix-35, the Tucson, which is very much a baby version of the Santa Fe, Hyundai admitted that their new Qashqai competitor had indeed be designed by the German famous for his work on the Audi TT, in his newish role of president of design for Hyundai. And this brings me nicely back to my original point. The Tucson which I drove in September is not only more attractive than the ix-35, but is also prettier than either the Nissan Qashqai or the new Renault Kadjar with slightly more masculine looks than either.
Having made my point, some of you out there may not be as bothered by how the Tucson looks, but will be more interested in how it performs both as a family car & in it’s fuel economy & emissions. Luckily, the Tucson doesn’t disappoint in these areas either.
The engine in the new Tucson has been carried over from the outgoing ix-35, but it’s been improved by Hyundai to meet strict Euro6 emissions regulations. With a rather sedate time of 13.7 seconds to reach 62 mph from a standing start this Tucson won’t set your heart racing, but, with CO2 emissions of just 119g/km & a combined fuel economy of 61.7 mpg, it performs well with the tax man & at the fuel pumps.
How does this compare with the competition ? Well, a similar diesel powered Qashqai claims a slightly better mpg with emissions of only 103g/km of CO2. But, if you want your Qashqai to match the Tucson for equipment, you’ll have to find about £1000 to do so, which is another feather in the cap for the Tucson.
What do you get on the SE Nav Tucson ? It’s quite a list; 17” alloys, a rear spoiler with integrated LED brake light, a silver front skid plate, a full sized alloy spare wheel, ABS with EBD, 6 airbags, an active hood system, brake assist control, downhill brake control, ESP, hill start assist control, lane keep assist, trailer stability assist, leather wrapped steering wheel/gear knob, electric drivers seat adjustment, hated front seats, climate control, LED brake, daytime & positioning lights, power folding electric mirrors, rear parking sensors, an 8” touchscreen SatNav, with TMC, reversing camera, shark fin antenna, Bluetooth, cruise control with speed limiter, steering wheel audio & phone controls, an RDS DAB radio with MP3 & last but least USB & Aux in connections.
The Tucsons interior follows a similar theme to that found in the larger Santa Fe & is ever so logical. The electric mirror & window switches are inside the drivers door & the majority of buttons can be easily reached in the lower middle of the dash & include heated seats & the climate control switches. The 8” touchscreen sits proudly in the top centre of the dashboard & is both large enough see clearly & easy to decipher & use whilst in motion. The steering wheel controls for the phone & infotainment are on the left of the wheel, the cruise controls are on the right.
Cabin storage, includes a good sized glove box, two cup holders & two deep door bins. With it’s longer wheel base & taller body than the ix-35, there’s good leg & head room in the front & in the back of the car. If you need to utilise the boot the opening is handily wide & low with 513 litres of space available, more than all of its closest competitors, with all 5 seats in use. Folding the rear seats down into the floor space increases this to a very useful 1,503 litres.
I drove the Tucson on country roads & along the A1 in Yorkshire & found the ride to be comfortable & the cabin a nice place to be The Tucson handles well. The 6-speed manual gear box is smooth & precise & the steering light & responsive. There is some body roll around tight corners but that is to be expected of cars in this category. On the move it’s easy to concentrate on your driving & be able to navigate the cars controls without too much distraction, always useful for a motorway commute. The cruise control speed switches are a little fiddly to use & some of the plastics used on the door pockets, centre binnacle & glove box are perhaps not a good as they could be, but the dashboard & in particular the car’s exterior are well finished.
To win over corporate customers, it will be interesting to see what contract hire prices Hyundai offer on the Tucson. In what is a fiercely competitive sector, this could be the key to success in the SME fleet market, where company directors & fleet managers are looking to save as much money as they can.
Where Hyundai’s new Santa Fe set the bar higher than ever for the brand, the Tucson more than matches it & is most definitely Hyundais best car yet & I have no doubt that existing ix-35 customers will switch to the new model in due course. For those customers who have bought in to the mid-range SUV sector there is an awful lot of choice. So where does this leave the Tucson ?
With it’s combination of low emissions, good fuel economy, high level of standard equipment & competitive pricing, the Tucson is a very capable machine. Like all Hyundai’s it comes with peace of mind which is a 5 year unlimited mileage warranty, including 5 years road side assistance & 5 years of annual vehicle health checks. Hyundai also has a reputation for reliability & with the final piece of the jigsaw now added, it’s good looks, the Tucson is sure to give the competition a run for their money.
Compare prices & buy SAMSUNG WA85E5QEC 6.5KG Fully Automatic Top Load Washing Machine online in India on lowest price. You can avail cash on delivery (COD) & EMI (easy monthly installments)on purchase of this product from respective seller.
ICMA-RC, which has served public sector retirement plans and employees since 1972, has hired Bruce Corcoran, an industry veteran with more than 25 years' experience in the public sector and financial services space.
Bruce joined the organization in June as Managing Vice President working on special projects. Bruce will be responsible for exploring new service offerings that closely align with ICMA-RC's focus of serving those who serve their local communities. As part of his responsibilities, Bruce will introduce retirement plan services to a new category of plan sponsors across a range of education, healthcare, religious, and other not-for-profit organizations.
"We believe that hiring someone with Bruce's experience and leadership ability positions ICMA-RC for continued success given our long history of effectively serving the defined contribution needs of the public sector," said ICMA-RC President and CEO Bob Schultze. "Bruce has a strong track record of new market launches, and his arrival aligns perfectly with our organization's unique mission of helping others build retirement security."
Bruce's extensive leadership experience includes business development, change management, and strategic planning in financial services and the government markets. He was instrumental in growing retirement plan businesses nationally at industry leaders Horace Mann, TIAA, and VALIC.
"We are incredibly pleased to have Bruce at the helm as we set out to provide leading retirement services in new categories that align with our mission," said Michael Guarasci, SVP, Chief Financial Officer and responsible for strategic planning at ICMA-RC. "Bruce brings a wealth of leadership experience, and combined with the strong resources we already have in place, we look forward to raising the bar for new plan sponsors and participants across the country."
The object has an 80 pin connector on the bottom edge of the circuit board, two extractor levers on the top edge of the circuit board, and a variety of integrated circuits and capacitors. There is one inspection stamp on the component side and one on the wire side.
Sort by -- Price: Lowest first Price: Highest first Product Name: A to Z Product Name: Z to A In stock Reference: Lowest first Reference: Highest first
Copyright © Sound Public Relations Srl All rightsreserved. All information contained in this e-mail (including any attachmentshereto) is confidential and proprietary to Sound Public Relations Srl("Sound PR"). If you are not the intended recipient, please notify usimmediately by telephone or e-mail and destroy this communication. By readingthis e-mail, you are agreeing that you will not copy, disclose or use thise-mail or any of the ideas, concepts or information contained herein withoutSound PR’s prior written permission.
If you have forgotten your username or password, you can request to have your username emailed to you and to reset your password. When you fill in your registered email address, you will be sent instructions on how to reset your password.
© Copyright 2018 Concord Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Site provided by GrowthZone - powered by ChamberMaster software.
A Civil War Re-enacting site, based around my experiences with the 1st Tennessee, Company B and the Independent Guard Battalion
With only Tim Ellifrit from the 1st Tennessee joining me, we decided we would try something different at Hale Farm this year. We enjoyed ourselves last year falling in with the 5th Texas, but my old unit--the one that got me started with Civil War reenacting was also attending this year, so we decided to try galvanizing to Federal this year and join the 4th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Company B, captained by Trent Boham.
I was unable to get a fire pit going Friday evening, so managed to borrow a shovel Saturday morning and dig one. But because we had no pit, and many of the 4th were unable to arrive to much later, we found all the firewood supplies gone. I debated about requisitioning some wood from a well-supplied officer across the gravel road, but I managed to get enough wood Saturday morning by foraging through the nearby woods. Before I could get the fire started however, we found ourselves under attack by Rebel forces, in a tactical that only the officers knew about.
The 4th OVI was a member company of Birney's Division, which had their 2nd battalion present at Hale Farm. We quickly formed up in defense of our camp, and the battalion had us quickly rushing around from one entry point of the village to another. I recognized Col Medich of Medich Battalion hitting us from the west side of the village, and the next thing we were defending an entry at the north of the village. The battalion seemed in disarray as at several points the 4th OVI, as 5th company in the battalion, could not be put into position to engage. I even heard the 4th's 1st Sergeant complain about how the battalion reacted. I just chalked it off to the indigo dye.
At one point our company faced off with the 5th Texas. Once we fired, we charged the company. Numbers were examined and found to be even, so victory was determined to be the 4th's by a coin toss.
The afternoon battle was very different than the year before. Last year the battle was fought in a cow pasture, and the field was full of ruts and gopher holes that made marching through a little treacherous. I had made note of that in my blog from last year, and Col Minton of the Army of the Ohio had read that and commented it would be fixed for this year. I had expected something like plowing up the fields or something, but instead the battlefield was completely relocated. We fought beside the battlefield in among the period buildings, through an apple orchard, through fences, defending our way back to the village. It was nothing like the forward-and-back fighting that seems to be standard (and getting quite boring), but was something that kept us moving and reacting. I don't know if Col Minton took notes from the success of Ohio Village or not, but whether or not he did, I must give the event credit in their creativity in making a fresh change in the way the battle was done.
Saturday I took a hit rather early, concerned about conserving my powder for Chickamauga next month.
In the evening we were a bit disappointed to find no supper for us. The promise was for breakfast, so I cooked up the rest of my bacon and eggs, and some corn I bought along the way for supper.
Sunday I was awakened to the bugle call of reveille. Most of the time I am up and awake--and even working on my breakfast--at daybreak, long before reveille, but I must have been particularly tired. I got dressed and started stacked the last of the foraged wood onto the fire to get it started. Fortunately the night before a tractor had dumped a small load of wood, providing just enough for us for the rest of the weekend, so I was able to get a good hot breakfast fire going. Breakfast was to be "rations", and the concern was actual period-correct rations, such as hardtack, salt pork, and coffee. Such rations may be desirable to the Civil War soldier who gets little to eat, but to us well-fed weekend reenactors who paid a rather hefty sum to be here, we were not encouraged by the term.
Cpl Waggoner led a detail to collect the rations and return them to camp. Those rations proved to be an over-abundance of unsliced slabs of bacon, eggs, bread, and potatoes. Our concerns were unfounded--but now we had a new problem--how to cook all this food with nothing but our small campfire.
I offered my large skillet, and someone else had a matching skillet. We also had one small skillet for some potatoes. Somehow I was elected to cook the food, probably because I jumped in and got started to avoid an awkward period of indecision, and to get food to my stomach faster. One private sliced up the bacon and potatoes, and I cooked on the three skillets that completely covered our fire on the grate we had. We decided to just hard-boil the eggs in whatever pots were available.
I started with both the large skillets frying bacon to get some good grease going. Once one skillet was clear, we put potatoes in it and the small skillet. I must have filled the one large skillet with bacon four or five times, while the two potato skillets were refilled another four or five times each. Every time I emptied a skillet, members of the 4th quickly filled their plates, ready for more. By the time I finished cooking the last, two hours had passed--and we had so much left over we munched on it all the way till even after the battle that afternoon.
The afternoon battle was similar to the day before--fighting through an apple orchard and around buildings. We were pushed back to the village. Moving at the double-quick, Capt Boham directed us against a fence with the command, "On the right by file into line."
This command is one that although basic, is complex enough that only the more skilled companies even attempt. But I have never seen this command performed at the double-quick. I'm sure if given the circumstances, that the 1st Tennessee could pull it off, but it is not something I'd expect very many companies could do at the double-quick. I was impressed with the 4th OVI as they got into position along the fence--nailing the maneuver perfectly while at the double-quick.
A little later we were in an open area, and I used my last cap. I was determined to go down at the next enemy volley, but suddenly the captain ordered us into a charge. I think the entire company must have been pretty much empty of ammunition. I'm not sure how ready that Confederate cavalry we faced were for us as their firing seemed rather slow--but they did manage to decimate the entire 4th Ohio. I only hope it was with more than just a couple of shots.
It was an enjoyable weekend. Tim expressed thrill about being able to come and do a Federal impression--something he hadn't done but once before, years ago. I had done a random Federal impression here and there--such as for the Durbin Bean Bake last year, but nothing like on the scale of Hale Farm, so it was nice for a change in pace. We will return next year--but I don't know if it'll be as Confederate or Yankee, unless the 1st Tennessee goes as a company.
All the sutlers at the Jackson, Michigan event last year that had percussion caps for sale sold the German RWS caps for about $12 for a c...
I have Andrew Mott to thank for the following: Oilcloth and Painted Accouterments by Jack Cox “Painting” was a 1800’s method of waterpr...
Performed at Fort Wayne, Indiana July 15, 2012 At the Fort Wayne event Zack Carte and I tested out the Dynamit Nobel wingless percu...
Hartford City, IN May 14-15, 2016 The sun Friday as I arrived gave a false promise of good weather for the weekend at Hartford City. I...
150th Commemoration, Battle of Chickamauga Chickamauga, GA September 19-21, 2013 We arrived and set up camp on this farm located b...
With the 150th anniversary of the first year of the Civil War coming, I've been getting things ready to campaign for one of the major ba...
Reynoldsburg, OH June 23-24, 2012 Someone is calling this Ohio's largest Civil War reenactment , but I'm not sure where they g...
Sidney Ohio September 17-18, 2016 After setting camp, rain threatened, but never materialized. We hoped to have as many as 20 rifles s...
Durbin Bean Bake, September 4-5, 2011 Having an event on a holiday is always a bit different. The Durbin Bean Bake was one of those di...
Bring your function to life at the Parklake in Shepparton. With stylish function rooms, superior customer service and a delicious range of menus, you can be confident that every last detail will be taken care of. Your experience can be further enhanced by access to over 80 accommodation rooms, the largest hotel in the Goulburn Valley.
Being centrally located with stunning views of Lake Victoria & surrounding parklands, the Parklake is the perfect venue for your next occasion. The team of highly skilled staff pride themselves on meeting your individual requests.
The venue boasts five function rooms, catering for smaller groups or large gatherings seating up to 300 people. Easy access is provided by the lift as well as the grand staircase. All function rooms are equipped with modern amenities and to ensure everything runs smoothly ample free car parking is provided.
Type of Membership Single Membership ($325 - includes seat for high holidays) Family Membership ($650 - entitles you to religious school and seats for high holidays)
If family membership, include the names and birthdays of each additional family member in the box below.
Thank you! Your message has been sent, and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. We will send you payment details within 24 hours (M-F).
The Slaves boys paint the walls off-white in the video for their epic new punk single 'Magnolia', taken from their third studio album 'Acts of Fear...
Imagine Dragons drop a video for their newest single 'Zero' from 'Origins' and 'Wreck-It Ralph' sequel 'Ralph Breaks the Internet'.
Eminem draws attention to the negative response his 2017 album 'Revival' received in the video for his latest song 'Venom'; a song recorded for the...
With the recent release of her third, very well received album 'Hunter' just behind her, Anna had plenty of relatively new songs to showcase.
Up and coming LA singer-songwriter Billie Eilish has unveiled her fourth single of the year, 'When the Party's Over'.
The quality of the back-catalogue of the once-upon-a-time Czar, John Grant, is building to be the one of the most impressive set of albums released...
From their newest EP 'What Did You Think When You Made Me This Way', Nothing But Thieves drop the lyric video for their single 'Take This Lonely...
The Lumineers honour their friend and hero Tom Petty with a sensational cover of his 1996 song 'Walls' from the 'She's the One' soundtrack.
Watch Olly Murs get his nerd on as he blags his way into an exclusive Snoop Dogg party (where Rowan Atkinson is the bartender) in the video for their...
Mariah Carey is the picture of glamour in the black and white video for her brand new single 'With You'. It's the lead single from her forthcoming...
An addictive number tapping game with simple game mode.How to play:- Tap numbers in order and within 2 seconds for each number in 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 mod...
You want to show your friends that you smoke cigarettes? Make a joke and smoke a virtual cigarette for free! This is the most realistic smoking simula...
Jewel Robber sagaWelcome to Jewels - the challenging match-3 game for Android!Many colorful Jewel waiting to be collected from you. Tap two or more je...
Laser Gun Simulator Prank Game, the name itself says that this is a Laser Light game and works similar to laser light. Using this application you can ...
Beavers versus Frogs! Beavers are angry! The time has passed since the last war. The Frogs have won and living peacefully in their swamp ... but Beave...
This is who's been keeping me busy while I'm not in the studio... not a bad way to spend ones time! She's now 2 months old and grow grow growing- and as you can tell, smiling, and cooing, and doing a bit of crying for good measure too.
Cutie pie!! I was just thinking about you today. Happy to see this post. Still need to meet your little bundle of joy:)
I love it when people link to and write about my work... but if you'd like to use any of my images or content~ pretty please~ link them back to the source . Thanks!
Since 2010, volunteers from throughout the community have researched and written Andover Stories for the Andover Townsman.
To date over 60 people have contributed stories from pre-European settlement through the 20th century.
In 2013, we published the first 52 Andover Stories in book form, available for purchase through the Lawrence Eagle Tribune.
Use this page to explore Andover's history by clicking on a date on the time line, or exploring different themes and topics.
His gravestone still stands in the Lovejoy lot of the South Church cemetery. His epitaph reads "Born in Boston a slave; died in Andover a free man; February 23, 1826; Much respected as a sensible; amiable and upright man." Pompey Lovejoy was born in 1724 in Boston, Mass., as a slave to Captain William Lovejoy. Pompey took his last name from the family he served. At age 9, he and his master moved to Andover. The captain was so fond of "Pomp" that in 1762 he granted him an early freedom "from all
Join the Smoky Mountains Hiking Club on Saturday July 14 as they work in the Nantahala National Forest to relocate a steep section of the A.T. to a location that is more sustainable for the long-term. The work day will take place alongside the Konnarock Trail Crew. This crew is typically made up of volunteers from across the country and often includes members of other trail associations. Spend a rewarding day alongside devoted A.T. volunteers to make a difference.
Participants should wear sturdy boots, long pants, and work gloves. Participants should bring lunch, water, a rain jacket, and sun protection. Tools, supplies, and training will be provided. The hike to the worksite will be strenuous.
Please fill out this form to register your participation. Your participation will not be confirmed until a trip leader contacts you directly with the meeting location.
Full review, rating and download link for Mosaic – classic board game with colorful pins by PopAppFactory click here: iOS: http://www.appysmarts.com/application/mosaic-classic-board-game-with-c...
Summer Vacation Fun at The Beach and troubles Puppy need help Android Kids Games Gameplay Video by Libii. The sun is shining, the sea is singing, and Libii's Amazing Beach Trip just starts...
The sequel to the popular game Peg Puzzle! The App Family is proud to introduce "Peg Puzzle 2", bringing you laughter and fun with beautiful, relaxing, and easy puzzles for kids with high-quality...
Build this 3d Toy Steam TRAIN! Make a Locomotive to ride RAILWAYS after we assemble it! ▻Tell us your favorite games for iPAD in the comments! ◁ More Games for Children IN THIS PLAYLIST...
"Let me tell you, if you do have trouble sleeping, try it, because it really works." -His Royal Highness, The Duke of York
“Give Pzizz a try! Love that app and helps me fall asleep or nap on command.” -Daniel Weinard, Co-founder of Shopify
“…Hibbert credits the app for helping cure his insomnia and diminish his postgame dependence on Ambien.” – NBA Star Roy Hibbert speaking to Sports Illustrated
“That night, I nestled under my covers, downloaded the full version of Pzizz and turned it on… I was out before 20 minutes had passed and haven't looked back since.” - Jenna Wortham, New York Times
“Pzizz helps you get to sleep faster and get more restful sleep with a combination of soothing sounds and voice cues aimed at helping you relax, destress, and get to sleep. In my experience, it works really well.” - Adam Pash, Lifehacker
Using the science of psychoacoustics (see our website for in-depth details), the app's patented system plays you "dreamscapes"— a sleep-optimized mix of music, voiceover, and sound effects that changes each night, to quickly quiet your mind, put you to sleep, keep you asleep, and then wake you up feeling refreshed.
If you want to sleep better at night or take incredible power naps during the day, this is the app for you! All you have to do is listen to Pzizz. Headphones/earbuds are recommended for optimal effectiveness, but your built-in phone speaker will work too.
Napping has been proven to enhance performance, alertness, and improve your mood. Customize your naps with our specially designed nap narrations. Get rid of that groggy feeling and improve your energy levels.
Built around ‘focuscapes,’ environments of sound that help you get in the zone and be productive, backed by the same thorough research we use to create our dreamscapes.
Each focuscape has a ‘focus’ section which gets you into full concentration and a ‘cooldown’ section which brings you back out gently.
*Simplicity* Sleep at the push of a button! Unlike other sleep solutions, you don’t have to change your behavior, keep a sleep diary, or limit your activities. Just listen to Pzizz, and enjoy incredible sleep.
*No Side Effects* Our only side effect is sleep! Unlike medications or supplements, you’ll never have to worry about adverse effects.
*Variety* Every time you listen to Pzizz it creates a unique session for you. This ensures your brain doesn’t get fatigued from hearing the same things over and over again, and helps maintain effectiveness over time.
*Highly customizable* Adjust sleep duration, volumes, 3D effect, and voice gender for a fully personalized listening experience. Also: integration with Apple Health!
*Clinically Validated* Pzizz is incredibly effective and clinically validated. Read more about the science behind Pzizz at blog.pzizz.com.
Try Pzizz "Pro" free for seven days. Pzizz offers auto-renewing monthly and yearly subscription options, along with a 3-year non-auto renewing subscription for its Pro service. If you chose not to go Pro you can use "Classic Pzizz", which is free.
Your Pzizz subscription will automatically renew at the end of each term and your credit card will be charged through your iTunes account. You can turn off auto-renew at any time from your iTunes account settings but refunds will not be provided for any unused portion of the term.
In compliance with our good traditions, all our partners can acquire beach flags and everything connected with them for very friendly prices.
What’s your MBA IQ? A combination of what you know and how much you’ve applied this knowledge on the job, your MBA IQ is what defines your management knowledge in today’s business climate. It’s what keeps you at the top of your profession, an expert in your specialized field with an understanding, as well, of cross-functional disciplines. Arming you with a solid foundation across the entire MBA curriculum to interact with colleagues, clients, senior management, and professors at a higher, more advanced level, international business expert Devi Vallabhaneni helps you get the most from MBA-level topics—and ultimately, develop your career. This authoritative road map facilitates advanced management education and reveals a structured approach for career development in the management profession, equipping you with nuts and bolts coverage of: General management, leadership, and strategy Operations management • Marketing management Quality and process management • Human resources management Accounting • Finance Information technology Corporate control, law, ethics, and governance International business Project management Decision sciences and managerial economics The related self-assessment exercises available at www.mbaiq.com allow you to compute your MBA IQ. You can find out where your weaknesses are and then begin to develop your knowledge base to gain proficiency in all management areas and become a true business generalist. Since the MBA degree has become a de facto standard in management education, the goal of What’s Your MBA IQ? is to make the knowledge contained in an MBA accessible to all business practitioners. As a result, this book is equally relevant to business practitioners, whether or not they pursue an MBA. Also, your organization can use What’s Your MBA IQ? to assess its business practitioners’ readiness for corporate rotation programs, high potential programs, the CABM, the CBM, or an MBA degree.
For the second year running, Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design will display its innovative, unique and creative designs at the Ventura Lambrate Collective Space during the Milan Salone Internazionale del Mobile this April.
Alon Blumenzeig - Dovecote. The project examines the possible relationship between a product and the nature that surrounds it. The light source is created using an industrial process of compressing the food of local birds. The birds feed from the product and, in turn, create changes therein, until they expose it completely.
Rami Tareef COD – Craft-Oriented Design. Rami’s project tries to study the differences and similarities between craft and modern innovative design. It examines the borders of hybridisation between them, stretches them, and tries to remain with something identifiable with the past. The woven furniture that he created is based on traditional craft and preserves its production values together with massive industrial design.
Bezalel has chosen the theme, “Design Bonanza”, for this year’s exhibition. According to Prof. Ezri Tarazi, head of the Master of Design (M.Des) programme, and Haim Parnas, head of the Bachelor of Design programme and also the show’s curators, “Design Bonanza” expresses the experimental spirit of Bezalel as well as the creative research, which encourages the students to doubt and look for that which is new in the material, shape and idea, as tools for continued examination of the field of design.
Yael Hollander - 2 Miles. Yael designed high-heeled shoes for women inspired by Siamese twins. In her work, she examined the aesthetics of the disability and its ability to create values of beauty. The Siamese twins were the inspiration in the connections and doubling of the objects. Unique pairs of shoes were created, creating confrontation between terms such as: roughness, femininity, elegance, unification and splitting while using material and structure. Techniques and materials: hardened fabric, cast plastic.
Asaf Alexander - Bur-Da Chess pieces. The project deals with the analysis of shapes from traditional clothing patterns while creating a manipulation using CAD software. Asaf scanned clothing patterns from the “Burda” magazine and used the Revolve function on them, which transforms a contour line into a three-dimensional object. With various clothing patterns, such as a ball gown, an apron or a pantsuit, chess pieces were formed, which blur the visual values of the familiar pieces. The differentiation between black and white, and masculinity and femininity is blurred and new values of equality and co-existence are cast into the chess pieces.
Lee Rosman - Frozen. The project began as a material lab, during which Lee examined the various results received from mixing iron powder with various casting materials. The castings were done on magnetic forms, which pull the iron and “freeze” it in its wild shape. The products create a language of dynamic textures, which seem as if they are about to disappear at any moment.
Competition for exhibition space is tough and the organizers choose to invite only a select number of academies to exhibit. Forty-five undergraduate and graduate students from Bezalel will participate in this prestigious event.
Avi Fedida and Bar Moran - Cutlery. The starting point of the project was anorexia, the disease. Bar and Avi designed a new set of cutlery in an attempt to examine the eating ritual and the term – “quantity”. The new cutlery offers versatility, based on the user’s mood, or function-based.
Bezalel’s students have moulded their designs based on solving problems, producing experimental designs that have practical uses. Some are life-saving objects, like the “Ruins Catheter”, the “RedBeard Helmets” and the “Earthquake Proof Desk”, while others are produced according to pre-historic ideas using modern technology, such as the “Glass Knives for the Post-Modern Neanderthal”. Some items use natural materials such as the “Needle and Thread” shoes made out of pine needles and “Preserved”, a project that focuses on pressing technology, which revives the ancient use of salt as a preservative.
Baruch Mogilevsky - Preserved. The project focuses on pressing technology, which revives the ancient use of salt as a preservative. After research experiments, Baruch Mogilevsky discovered that salt undergoes molecular crystallisation under high pressure. The combination of these two worlds – the ancient and the modern – allowed Baruch to develop a new method for drying and preserving meat: the meat portions are placed between table salt crystals and pressed into a rigid capsule made of salt. The hardness of the capsule keeps the meat sealed, keeping it dried and preserved, so that it remains edible for years.
“Design Bonanza” expresses the experimental spirit of Bezalel as well as the creative research, which encourages the students to doubt and look for that which is new in the material, shape and idea, as tools for continued examination of the field of design.
“Design Bonanza” presents the designer’s digging tools as a process of searching for a path between junctions: margins and centre, old and new. The metaphoric expression of the process is presented here using three essences: dirt, dust and gold. The first represents the period of the search, the second the moment of explosion and discovery, and the third, the catharsis process of the discovery, when it transforms into a pure and refined idea. (Curators Prof. Ezri Tarazi, Haim Parnas, Galit Shvo)
Daniel Narunsky - MudHut. MudHut is a set of tools that is used to build a mud oven. It contains a pot, a shovel and a spatula. The unique shape of the pot is used as a form to create the interior space of the mud oven. The shovel and spatula are used to design the shape of the oven and measure the opening for the wood. The oven created is a Rocket Stove, which uses the natural flow of air to fan the fire.
Guy Mishaly - Blast Chair by Explosion. In this project, Guy used explosives as a tool; however, he creates objects that are disconnected from their immediate associative context. The series of chairs embodies a new interpretation: the objects begin as geometric volumes made of tin sheets, wired with explosives. The explosion changes the generic shape into an object with a unique character, while using the explosion element, which will forever create objects that are different from one another.
Hadas Ilani - Needle and Thread. The project was born while contemplating on local material, the kind that is always around us and is embedded in our childhood memories. Hadas examined various methods of sewing pine needles into shoes. She created a collection that explores the possibilities of using pine needles as raw material, which allude to the gentle needle mat and the previous lives of the needles.
Liran Elbaz - Scissors Glove. The work of Liran Elbaz exposes underground desires, through the experience of destroying infancy clothing. A girl hides in the closet and “nicely” cuts the clothes of her hosts: memory from the closet – grey jacket, striped shirts, blue dress and lace. Light movement and a pair of scissors. The glove with its hidden blades between its fingers is a creating and destroying tool in one.
Yonatan Assouline - My Toys of Illness. A family of toys that integrate between game and science turns the illness from a negative to a positive experience and changes the concept of germs, as kids know them, from a vague cause that attacks the body into a visual image that captures the eye of the child.
Milan Design Week, or the Salone Internazionale del Mobile di Milano, is the largest trade fair of its kind in the world. The exhibition showcases the latest in furniture and design from countries around the world and Bezalel has been chosen to be one of only a few of the top design academies in the world to exhibit its students’ designs at the avant-garde Ventura Lambrate District, the newest area of this major event.
Physically, clothing serves many purposes: it can serve as protection from the elements, and can enhance safety during hazardous activities such as hiking and cooking. It protects the wearer from rough surfaces, rash-causing plants, insect bites, splinters, thorns and prickles by providing a barrier between the skin and the environment. Clothes can insulate against cold or hot conditions. Further, they can provide a hygienic barrier, keeping infectious and toxic materials away from the body. Clothing also provides protection from harmful UV radiation.:
ARTBoom wishes to become a place that artists, art lovers, the ones seeking for beauty can identify with. We seek a closer and more creative interactions of the arts in all their diversity. Google+
Hi there | Generation 1985 | DESIGN and CONCEPT artist | head of design at Cartoon Saloon 2009-2012 | bachelor of arts from The Animation workshop 2009 | all artwork is © Marie Thorhauge 2016 - unless otherwise noted | Thank you for looking
Use this Wedding DVD Cover Template along with the Label Template on the same style in creating your own video or photo CD/DVD discs. It is designed to save you a lot of time. A cover is the first impression and it will always be important.
You only need to insert or replace the sample pictures with your own and personalize the texts. All texts are separate layers and can be edited.
High Quality --> Standard DVD size and resolution: You only need to print! All DVD Covers are 3189x2196 pixels at 300 dpi and 10.63x7.32 inches.
The PSD file is fully customizable. It means that you can easily edit/add/resize/move/alter/combine any layers from different templates. You can also edit or add your own texts or create your own original works by mixing layers from our existing templates. It's fun to be creative.
Wedding is a one time moment. Don't let it fly away. Let it remain forever in your hearts. Enrich your memories! Find your old wedding photos/videos and create a professionally designed Home DVD Archive that you will always Love to Open!
Welcome to the new ARTCRAFT COMPANY INC., we are a nationwide supplier of Hair, Beauty and Cosmetic products for children and adults of all ages. Some of our more popular labels include JustBasic, Teens Club, Kid's Club, Divas Club and Trendy.com. As part of our service to you, we can also create a custom private label to suit your needs.
Yesterday I posted some photos of the swimming pool at the former Berkeley Women's City Club, now the Berkeley City Club, so today I decided to show you some of the other internal features of Julia Morgan's 1929 building.
The club is somewhat castle-like with the arches, heraldic emblems on the stairs,the openings in the balustrade and the diamond pattern on the windows.
However feature of the building are the lush internal courtyards that offer a quiet place to sit and enjoy some fresh air.
In 2009 Robin Grow published a book on Melbourne Art Deco, with images largely supplied by David Thompson. The book quickly sold out and he is pleased to say that it has now been re-published by Brolga Press, with updates, errors corrected and a new cover.
Best of all, it is selling for about $25 in the shops and on-line. Art Deco & Modernism Society members can purchase a copy from me for $22, (includes postage within Australia). For overseas orders please email for postage rates. Contact me at robingrow@ozemail.com.au if you are interested, and advise if you would like the book to be dedicated and/or signed.
Art Deco Buildings Blog is licensed under a Creative Commons License. Featured images are © copyright David Thompson (unless stated otherwise)
With a lockout looming ahead of us, the Browns have not been standing still. The recent extensions to the existing CBA have not allowed free agency to kick off, but there has still been much to do. And for once I'm not even talking about the draft!
Backup quarterback Seneca Wallace was signed to a three year deal worth $9 million. I'm hoping this means that Seneca is fine with being the backup to starting quarterback Colt McCoy, but we shall see. His familiarity with Mike Holmgren and the West Coast offense surely contributed to this deal, and he could prove to be a good mentor to Colt McCoy.
D'Qwell Jackson was signed to a one year, incentive-laden contract that could be worth up to $4.5 million if he reaches his incentives. I'm all for incentive-driven contracts, it's a win-win situation for the team and it inspires the players to play their best. If Jackson is ineffective, he earns very little money. If he is a difference-maker, he gets every penny of that $4.5 million. What's not to like?
Cornerback Eric Wright was given a second-round tender by the Browns. To me, that means that despite his terrible season in 2010, the Browns are confident that Wright can get right and return to his previous form. GM Tom Heckert has expressed confidence in Wright and a desire to retain him. Wright himself has stated a desire to finish his career in Cleveland. I hope he is still here next year, and can return to form as one of the league's better cover corners. With Sheldon Brown's age starting to creep upwards, a tandem of Wright and young Joe Haden might be seen in Cleveland for a long time. If nothing else, we can at least be very sure that we have the most confident secondary around.
TE Evan Moore also received a second-round tender by the Browns. The two tender offers given by the Browns likely mean that Moore and Wright will be back, because I doubt too many NFL teams will want to give up a second-round pick to sign either of these players. Moore, when healthy, has shown that he has excellent receiving abilities and could be a great target for Colt McCoy in his development.
If you're interested in the ongoing CBA discussions, here is an article at WFNY that might suit your fancy. It's a two-parter, with the first part being linked to in at the top of that page.
While this is a football blog, I can't ignore the Buckeyes. They capped off their impressive regular season with a flurry of 3-pointers and buried Wisconsin (and everybody's favorite coach Bo Ryan). Jon Deibler (also known as 3-bler) has hit 17 of 20 three-pointers in the last two games, and has also led the team in fired-up snarls after a big make. He reminds me of a miniature Wally Szczerbiak with his pin-point shooting and exuberance, and I love watching it. This team will be fun to watch in the Big Ten tournament and the Big Dance. Go Bucks!
It’s February. I’ll let that sink in for a minute. For some, January seemed to inch by, causing the Internet to create dozens of Tweets like “30 days has September, April, June, and November, all the rest have 31, except for…January which has seven…hundred when will this god awful month end” (@SimplyTome). For others, the month flew by. Regardless, it’s done. Over. Leaving us to focus on the Continue Reading
In the last days of World War II a drama unfolded at an Austrian salt mine where more than 22,000 Nazi-looted works of art were stashed. As the Allies approached, those in charge were prepared to blow it all up. But plans were thwarted.
Several groups claim to have saved these treasures, amongst them the Americans portrayed in the movie, The Monuments Men. But who actually rescued the works by Michelangelo, Rembrandt and Vermeer? And what were the motives of all the players in the greatest art theft the world has ever known?
On Sunday, February 19 at 2 p.m. the Fine Arts Film Festival in collaboration with le Conseil des arts de Montréal en tournée will present the film Hitler’s Mountain of Stolen Art at Victoria Hall. As part of its full slate of art documentaries, in its description of the film FIFA writes “By way of Franco-German network Arte, and rather oddly translated from the French title “Les Oeuvres volées par Hitler ou l’incroyable sauvetage” (the film will be presented in German and English with French subtitles. Directors Petra Dorrmann and André Schäfer’s “Hitler’s Mountain of Stolen Art” asks who was responsible for rescuing the large part of the cache of works hidden in the Altaussee salt mine in Austria that Hitler had ordered destroyed as he realized the war was lost. The noted “Monuments Men” are in the frame, but only alongside art-loving Nazis and mine employees, a Viennese art historian and a member of the local resistance.”
The film will follow a short presentation by Catherine MacKenzie, professor in the Department of Art History at Concordia University, who teaches courses in Nazi art-looting and its aftermath. MacKenzie is also the curator of the travelling international exhibition, Auktion 392: Reclaiming the Galerie Stern Düsseldorf.. For more information 514.989.5226.
The China Challenge: 33 years of work and travel in the Middle Kingdom presented by Gabriel Safdie at Lunchtime Series →
Dr. Ameet Chopra is our Oral & Maxillofacial Surgeon specializing in tooth extractions, dental implants, anesthesia/sedation, corrective jaw surgery, and trauma surgery. He was born and raised in Southern California, where he attended University of California-Irvine for his undergraduate education. After graduating with honors, Dr.Chopra earned his dental degree from the University of the Pacific School of Dentistry, followed by his Oral Surgery Residency at UCLA.
Outside of work, Dr. Chopra devotes his time to his wife Danielle, and their two children, Neela and Akash.
Cirrus Apartments will have you living on Cloud 9 as you experience all we have to offer, including expansive layouts, panoramic views, stainless steel appliances, gas range stoves, walk-in closets, washer-dryers in every home, and plentiful campus amenities. We are conveniently located next to the Ashland Commuter Rail station. If walking is not your thing, or the weather does not cooperate, a shuttle van operates during peak commuter hours.
Take a nap under the sun in our chaise lounge chairs, or cool off with a dip in our resort-style pool.Grill up some dinner and enjoy a picnic on our common green. Spend your evening by the fire pit or working up a sweat in our fitness center.
Non-Income voucher holders must make 2 1/2 Times the rent in order to qualify. Management runs a credit and criminal background on everyone 18 or older. Water and Sewer are included in rent. Resident pays gas and electric. $500 security deposit.
Free hook up and have sex free no credit card singles dating totally personals treasure coast florida
From how to meet online and make it work offline, to what not to eat on a first date and timeless love advice, we have you covered.
I love designing and producing creative & unique clothing for women. After working in the garment industry for 25 years I decided it was time to start my own business. Having the freedom to express my creative energy through fabric and clothing was my motivation for striking out on my own. I love textures in fabric & so started machine knitting which allows me to explore even more unique fabric & styling. Women should be able to express their individuality through their style and I love helping them do that. accomplish this.
In honor of 4th of July Weekend I decided to offer a special on my most popular style shirts. These long asymmetrical shirts are great for those cool summer evenings over jeans, dress pants or leggings.
Wear them in the spring and fall as a jacket over a shell or tank. Dress them up for evening wear or day time casual.
Midnight and alabaster are made of light weight pique with a slight texture. The honey is 100% linen. All are machine washable & dry.
Is There Really a Social Networking Service to Meet With the School Idol? Compensated Dating With Eri-chika
asics 2018 pas cher www.doan-photos.fr 4.6 (from 0 reviews) 63.00EUR Suppliers: http://www.doan-photos.fr/ In stock
"Fernando deserved to throw out the first pitch and many more things because of who he is," said Jarrin, who famously served as Valenzuela's interpreter. "He's so popular in Mexico and he's so popular in this city. People still scream his name in Los Angeles when they show his image, and he's so beloved everywhere he goes. It is the perfect way to start this series."
This Day in Dodgers History: In 1959, the Roy Campanella benefit game, dubbed "Roy Campanella Night," against the Yankees is played at the Coliseum in front of 93,103 fans -- the largest crowd ever to have attended a ballgame. In 2009 Dodgers outfielder Manny Ramirez is suspended 50-games for a PED violation.
YouTube Video: Eric Karros joins Frank Thomas and Kevin Burkhardt to discuss Albert Pujols collecting his 3,000th career hit, Yankees winning on a walk-off single and the Dodgers throwing a combined no hitter (Video Link).
ICYMI: Clayton Kershaw was placed on the 10-Day DL over the weekend with bicep tendonitis. Fortunately, it doesn't appear that surgery is in the cards. Rather, he'll do rehab. Via a tweet from David Vassegh:
#Dodgers report that Clayton Kershaw’s MRI revealed bicep tendinitis. Kershaw will begin rehab tomorrow in LA. No timetable given for his return.
Per Ken Gurnick at MLB.com; "Kershaw's Challenge takes step to expand reach: Foundation for Dodgers star partners with Sports Placement Service Inc."
On Thursday, Kershaw announced a marketing deal with Harlan Werner's Sports Placement Service Inc., with all off-field proceeds earmarked for charitable distribution through the foundation.
"This was an easy choice, making Harlan part of our team. He has worked for Sandy Koufax for over 30 years -- that says a lot about his character and credibility," said Kershaw.
I am familiar with this company. I recently shared a pic of my Campanella autographed photo (see it here) that I had gotten that at a card show in the early 90's. That show was hosted by Sports Placement Service and included just about every one of their clients; including Koufax, Campanella, Ali, Namath, etc.
Alex Verdugo brings his own flavor to the diamond. It’s easy to notice him, from his tattoo sleeves to his bright red batting gloves and hightop cleats. But his style applies to not only his accessories, but also to his style of play. He has a knack for extending a typical single to extra bases or playing aggressive defense. He has supplied a spark to the Dodgers, who are riding a three-game win streak, and his manager has noticed.
“He’s got a little edge to him,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “I like his at-bat quality. He can defend at all three outfield spots…I think the handedness doesn’t bother him, left or right-handed (pitching). I just like his at-bat quality and he can slug when he needs to as well.”
I'm not quite sure what I think of this. On one hand you want reporters to be not only be objective, but also act in an objective manner. But does acting objectively automatically lead to objective reporting? Is it possible to celebrate a no-no like this while also being able to report objectively? Per Tom Hoffarth at the OC Register; "How a Dodgers high-five raises objectivity concerns."
Yasiel Puig will go on a rehab assignment at Rancho Cucamonga tomorrow and be activated on Wednesday.
Labels: Alex Verdugo, Blog Kiosk, Clayton Kershaw, Danny Espinosa, Dave Roberts, Eric Karros, Fernando Valenzuela, Jaime Jarrin, Ned Colletti, Yasiel Puig
Dogtown Restoration Co. is a full-service restoration and custom finishing shop, specializing in wood finishing and refinishing, design & materials consulting and works of art.
Located in Gloucester, Massachusetts on scenic Cape Ann just north of Boston, our creative philosophy is focused around craftsmanship, structural harmony, and sustainability. We place great emphasis on fabricating heirloom-quality finishes in our design and restoration work, and specialize in keeping our projects eco-friendly and under budget. By employing a wide array of traditional and cutting-edge techniques we're able to achieve striking results with a strong backbone.
(owner) a graduate of Montserrat College of Art and the Furniture Institute of Massachusetts with years of experience in studio art, custom finishing, and architectural design.
With a diverse background including work for museums, fine paint shops, and design studios, as well as a collaborative network of talented artists and craftspeople, Josh brings a well-rounded skill-set and meticulous process to every project.
(shop assistant, mascot) raised on the mean streets of Puerto Rico, Ivy is an expert at squirrel-spotting and moral support. She wears a hair net around the finishing shop.
What is Dogtown? Formerly known as the Commons Settlement, the large forested area at the center of Cape Ann known as Dogtown was once a vibrant community. Founded in the 1600s, many families sought refuge in the center of the island amongst the remnants of prehistoric glaciers, staking out their lives away from the harsh coastline. By the turn of the 19th century the settlement was largely abandoned as Gloucester's fishing culture flourished, leaving only the former homestead dogs as residents. Today Dogtown exists as a wild island forest, reclaimed by nature and serving as an enchanting monument to America's early pioneers.
All content ©2018 Joshua Sidlowski unless otherwise noted. Gloucester, Massachusetts 01930. Powered by Squarespace
Repealed by 2013 c 225 § 501, effective July 1, 2016; and subsequently repealed by 2015 3rd sp.s. c 44 § 114.
82.36.042 Notice by supplier of distributor's failure to pay tax — License suspension — Notice to suppliers — Revocation or suspension upon continued noncompliance.
82.36.090 Discontinuance, sale, or transfer of business — Notice — Payment of taxes, interest, penalties — Overpayment refunds.
82.36.100 Tax required of persons not classed as licensees — Duties — Procedure — Distribution of proceeds — Penalties — Enforcement.
Reviser's note: RCW 82.36.110 was amended by 2013 c 23 § 328 without reference to its repeal by 2013 c 225 § 501. It has been decodified for publication purposes under RCW 1.12.025.
82.36.2251 Exemptions — Alcohol for use as fuel — Gallonage threshold — Tax credit, blended fuel — Expiration of section.
Repealed by 1994 c 225 § 1, effective May 1, 1994. See 1995 c 364 § 6 and Supreme Court No. 62771-1, August 10, 1995.
82.36.235 Exemptions — Fuel delivered by distributor exclusively for marine use — Exemption certificate — Records and examination.
82.36.250 Nongovernmental use of fuels, etc., acquired from United States government — Tax — Unlawful to procure or use.
Reviser's note: RCW 82.36.250 was amended by 2013 c 23 § 329 without reference to its repeal by 2013 c 225 § 501. It has been decodified for publication purposes under RCW 1.12.025.
82.36.285 Refunds for transit services to persons with special transportation needs by nonprofit transportation providers.
Reviser's note: RCW 82.36.310 was amended by 2013 c 23 § 330 without reference to its repeal by 2013 c 225 § 501. It has been decodified for publication purposes under RCW 1.12.025.
82.36.405 Liability, payment, and report of taxes due before March 2000 — Inventory report — Penalties, interest.
Reviser's note: RCW 82.36.410 was amended by 2013 c 23 § 331 without reference to its repeal by 2013 c 225 § 501. It has been decodified for publication purposes under RCW 1.12.025.
The crew looked around - where the hell had Gutboy gone? - no matter, they had a drug dealer to bust. They packed up their belongings, headed down the Grand Stair to the Everglades, and began the trek through the swamp, avoiding the highway to Under-Miami, as import/export professionals so often do.
They handily dealt with a lone giant mosquito, climbed into the mossy cypresses to sleep, and then awoke to the sound of skunk apes. The 7' tall bipeds were marching single file to the west, an unconscious man in an orange jumpsuit slung over one of the beasts' shoulders. Intrigued, the party followed, and after a few miles saw the swamp 'squatches head towards a stony outcropping with a door cut into it. The door was flung open, and flanked by giant stone skunk-ape-head-statues. The cunningly carved eyes of each statue were rolled up so that no pupils were visible.
The intrepid crew headed into the tunnel, and stopped to examine a 6" round shaft cut into the wall. A few feet into the shaft was the squared-off head of a metal bar. Simon cajoled his Unnamed Mariner into reaching in to twist the shaft - and as he did so a metal blade swung down inside, shattering the antique Apple Watch he had dredged up from the bottom of the ocean in his seafaring days. He yanked his arm back, thankful the watch took the brunt. Pai Mei took a look at the statues, and saw that their eyes had rolled back down, and were pulsing with purple light. He threw the mariner's shattered watch into the air, and lasers lanced out from their eyes, disintegrating the timepiece! It was lucky timing, too, as just at that moment Gutboy and his entourage rushed towards the door.
Once inside, they began exploring the tunnels beyond. They examined several long-abandoned dormitory rooms, lifted a portcullis, fought & killed a pack of skunk apes that had been standing around minding their own business (confiscating a few whistles and nothing else), and then made their way past a pair of ape-themed double doors and down a stairway.
On the lower level, they followed a trail of doors to an ape beauty salon (with ape combs and tubs of sanitizer), and eventually to a chamber with an ape-sized niche in the wall, the surrounding stone carved to resemble a larger ape about to give the niche's contents a hug. Huddled below the niche was the villager - he was drooling and unresponsive, and covered with swamp scum with the exception of his well-groomed head and shoulders. The Brothers Melba picked him up and forced him into the niche - and the stone arms reached forward to grip him tightly for a moment, and released him to the floor. The fellow (identified by the brothers as "Phil") remained in his senseless state, and rather than lug him back to Squamscot, the Brothers lightly killed him, figuring they'd let his reincarnation know what happened later.
Exploring further, they came upon a room filled with implements of torture - thumbscrews, iron maidens, etc. As they examined the grisly collection, a man in a torn jumpsuit staggered forward. "Oh thank goodness! I'm saved" he shouted as he approached.
Louis: "I'm Louis, from Under-Miami! I escaped from those awful skunk apes, and was hiding here for days!"
Pai Mei thought this sounded fishy, and used the Wig of Lordship he had taken from the Tomb of Elvis to charm Louis.
Louis: "I work for Sanibel! I had a briefcase full of jewels for a deal, and was on my way to Squamscot to make a deal when those apes grabbed me."
Their greed overcoming their paranoia, the party began hatching plans to retrieve the drug jewels and arrange an accident for Louis. They explored the room further, and found a boudoir around a corner. Looting the various drawers and trunks, they retrieved a book full of magical writing, a box with a knife and fork (cast into the shapes of screaming faces), a ring of keys, a golden thurible, crystal dish filled with incense, eight flasks of liquid, a scroll tube, and a wide array of expensive suits. All were dumped into Gutboy's sack.
Heading to the other side of the chamber, they saw a pair of portcullises - the near one up, and the far one down. Pai Mei jabbed at the floor near the far portcullis with his extensible pole, and the near portcullis slammed down (shattering his pole!) and the far portcullis rose up. A lone ghoul ran around the corner, only to be driven away by Gutboy's holy presence. After two minutes, the far portcullis slammed down, and the near one arose again.
Having figured out the nature of the trap, they decided to press ahead anyways. They ordered everyone, including a sobbing Louis, shaking with fear ("I thought these clones weren't supposed to be afraid to die?") into the space between the two portcullises, and stepped on the pressure plate. As expected, the near portcullis arose, the far portcullis fell down, and the party began advancing - all but Louis, who remained, clutching the portcullis.
As Gutboy, in the rear, crossed the threshold of the far portcullis, Louis began giggling, and the far portcullis slammed down, while the one he was clinging to began to arise.
"Louis": "You may call me Ashkasar. All I want is for you to eat... to dine upon the sweetest flesh..."
Ashkasar: "Oh, I shall retrieve it later. There is no hurry. You'll want the cutlery, of course. The hunger shall drive you to abandon your pretense of civilization and embrace the natural order!"
As Ashkasar spoke, a teeming horde of cannibal corpses emerged from the darkness around the party. Pai Mei sent bolts of magical energy into Ashkasar's chest, to no effect whatsoever, while the presumed wizard easily sidestepped an attack by Rufus the Blink Dog. Meanwhile, the brothers Melba and the unnamed mariner were rended limb-from-limb by the cannibal horde.
Gutboy's holy presence both repelled and attracted the ghouls - as the power of his nonfaith annihilated the fiends, those behind attacked him with increased fervor. Bloodied and torn, the priest prevailed, and soon only the party members and the giggling Ashkasar remained.
Gains: ivory whistle, 2 frosted glass whistles, golden thurible, crystal dish with incense, ring of keys, spell book, glowing wood cube, box with plates and cutlery, suits, scroll tube, eight flasks of liquid
Haha, that's pretty awesome! It's weird how Ashkasar's area draws players to it, despite the various other directions people can go. My own group got there fairly quickly, and I've heard at least one other summary that got there in a hurry.
In Henderson while no ads. You can add your advertisement for free and searching and then he'll see. No need to register. If you are looking for something more specific than that then please use the search on the site.
Post free ads in Henderson, USA: Adshouse.org classified ads are an exciting addition to our current Auction-style and listing formats, and will give you more options to buy and sell in these categories. Classified ads in Henderson is probably the most common source where unemployed people go to, to look for new jobs and to earn income. If you don't found anything on this website you can try searching on Craigslist in Henderson. Our support: support@rujazi.com
Below we are listing a number of UK job websites that have full-time and part-time job opportunities available in the HENGRAVE area.
North Bergen NJ – Local Sewer Repair, Jetting and Sewer Cleaning. Sump Pump Installation Contractor. 24 Hour Emergency Services in NJ
At A1 Sewer and Drain, we take pride in high quality workmanship and excellent customer service, values that have helped make us a local leader for North Bergen sewer repair and sewer cleaning. If you’re struggling with a clogged drain, broken sewer main line, or other serious problems, call us today for 24-hour emergency sewer repair and drain service in North Bergen. Sewer line problems can be messy, but at A1 Sewer &
The new website allows visitors to view the scope of Hawaii artist Thomas Deir’s artwork in a broad or detailed view. The website is designed with improved navigation and functionality for a user-friendly experience.
Hawaii artist Thomas Deir proudly announces the launch of the new website for Thomas Deir Studios. The website includes extensive images and information to help customers understand the artist’s full range of artistic and design solutions. Photos, videos and text bring together a sweeping picture of Thomas Deir Studios’ creativity and craftsmanship across a wide range of applications, including original paintings and wall art for home or office, interior and outdoor mosaics, tile murals for bath and shower, and kitchen backsplash tile murals.
“The website is lightweight and fast! It was created with the user experience in mind. It’s designed using with latest software and is compatible with desktop browsers and mobile devices. We want users to benefit from richer online content that’s easy to navigate and easy to share with others. The new website allows users to share artwork and website pages with friends and family on social sites including Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Google+,” said Deir
The new website allows visitors to explore custom portfolio of artwork such as original Hawaii art paintings or custom designed wall art such as Giclee triptychs. Deir’s custom portfolio also features hand painted tile murals and floor mosaics for interior and exterior applications. Design solutions for kitchens, bathrooms, living room walls, entryways, businesses, restaurants, and even swimming pools are showcased on the new site.
The e-Catalog allows customers to browse Thomas Deir Studios ready-made collections such as Hawaii abstract paintings, canvas originals, Giclee canvas prints, matted art prints, and tile mural reproductions. From the e-Catalog, customers can shop for unique artwork with a significantly lower price than the custom artwork. Visitors can purchase their art directly from the e-Catalog website.
Thomas Deir Studios, founded nearly 25 years ago, provides high quality Hawaii artwork to customers in and around Honolulu, HI, and other U.S. states and other countries. Deir’s Hawaii art includes original paintings on canvas, Giclee prints, custom tile murals and mosaics. Many of Hawaii artist Thomas Deir’s original tile murals grace locations on Oahu, including the entrance of Hanauma Bay Nature Preserve and 15 public schools across Oahu. The murals range in size and they are less than 140 square feet. Two of Deir’s larger tile murals adorn walls at the Hale Koa Hotel in Waikiki and Hilton Hawaiian Waikiki Resort. For more information, visit http://www.thomasdeir.com/ and https://www.thomasdeirstudios.com.
Today, Veterans Day, we honor the men and women who have served our nation. We take a moment to reflect on the sacrifice they and their families have made for us, the people who enjoy the freedoms of the United States of America. All of us, regardless of our status as citizens, pay our respects to the more than 21 million military veterans, great men and women who proudly serve or have served in the armed forces.
Every year on November 11th, Americans celebrate Veterans Day to honor the millions of men and women who have served in our country’s military. Did you know that this day did not always have the name Veterans Day?
This day was originally called Armistice Day to commemorate the truce signed between the allies and Germany ending World War 1 (WW1) at the 11th hour, on the 11th day, of the 11th month of the year 1918.
The first Armistice Day celebrated in the United States was the following year on November 11, 1919. On that day, all business and activities were suspended for two minutes at 11:00 am. After the two minutes of silence, parades and public gatherings were held. In following years, a tradition began that continues today, America honored the Unknown Soldier on Armistice Day. At 11:00 am on November 11 of every year since, a color guard ceremony representing every branch of the military occurs at the Tomb of the Unknowns at Arlington Cemetery.
The name was changed to Veterans Day in 1954 to honor all veterans, including those who served in WW1. Oddly, for seven years, the day was celebrated in October. Congress moved the day to October 4 in 1968 – so that Americans could enjoy a long weekend. Fortunately, in 1975, President Gerald Ford declared the day to move back to the original, historically significant day of November 11.
5.5 million veterans served during the Gulf War (representing service from Aug. 2, 1990, to present).
Of the 16 million Americans who served during World War II (1941-1945), about 620,000 are still alive.
As of 2014, 3 states have more than 1 million veterans in among their population: California (1.8 million), Florida (1.6 million), Texas (1.7 million).
The VA health care system had 54 hospitals in 1930, since then it has expanded to include 171 medical centers; more than 350 outpatient, community, and outreach clinics; 126 nursing home care units; and 35 live-in care facilities for injured or disabled vets.
HONOLULU, HAWAII – Hawaii artist Thomas Deir, resident of Kailua, Hawaii, has donated signed artwork to the 10th annual fundraising event of the University of Hawaii John A. Burns School of Medicine’s Hawaii H.O.M.E. (Homeless Outreach and Medical Education) Project. H.O.M.E. is a non-profit organization that provides free healthcare to Hawaii’s homeless population. This year, the annual fundraiser, Ho’ola Me Ke Kahiau, “Healing with compassion through selfless giving,” will be held on Saturday, November 19th, 2016 at the Waikiki Aquarium. Proceeds from this event will benefit six medical student-run free medical clinics at homeless shelters and to the unsheltered homeless in Hawaii.
“I am honored to have the opportunity to give back to the community through the Hawaii H.O.M.E. Project. This non-profit is all about collaboration and working with the community. The organizers and volunteers are creatively helping our community in many ways. H.O.M.E saves unnecessarily expensive trips to already busy and overworked hospitals in Hawaii. HOME is a long-term solution that can help the homeless population find much-needed care during a crisis event – and provide care to prevent a crisis event. My hope is the artwork I have donated will resonate with the supporters who will be attending the event,” said Deir.
“This fundraiser will occur during the Holiday Season, and I thought it would be helpful to offer Matted Gift Prints in addition to canvas Giclee prints and Hawaii abstract paintings. I hope my donation will contribute to the continuation of the good work by the Hawaii H.O.M.E. Project. They work they do is very important for our community,” said Deir.
Hawaii artist Thomas Deir has nearly 25 years of experience in providing high quality artwork, original paintings on canvas, Giclee prints, custom tile murals and mosaics to customers in and around Honolulu, Hawaii, and other U.S. states and other countries.
Deir, founder of Thomas Deir Studios has an attitude of gratefulness and deep appreciation for the beauty of Hawaii. This is the center of the values at Thomas Deir Studios.
To learn more about Hawaii artist Thomas Deir, visit www.thomasdeir.com/about/. See the artist’s catalog of Hawaii artwork at https://www.thomasdeirstudios.com
Denver police say It is really towards city ordinance to defecate in general public and offenders could possibly be arrested for indecent publicity.
Obtain rentals with earnings constraints and belonging to Group Pillar landlords and residence managers.
A big curved island opens into the bright spouse and children space with vaulted ceilings, fuel fireplace, and leaded glass windows.
Co-ops even have month-to-month charges (Typical Fees and Routine maintenance Expenses), which may also contain real estate taxes and a percentage of the developing’s underlying home finance loan.