A beautiful analysis in its own right, very funny indeed, and then it comes between Band Waggon (dir. Marcel Varnel) and Make Mine a Million (dir. Lance Comfort) on a very important theme, commercial television (in the latter film, the only reality).
Wild Bill Ramsbottom’s grandson the pub owner goes to Canada en famille to claim his inheritance, a saloon in Lonesome, somewhere.
On 3rd November 2018 at our Generalate house, Choondy. Holy Mass is at 11 am followed by Lunch. Patron Saint is St. Charles Boromeo.
“The “geostationary communications satellite” was first created by Freemason science-fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke and supposedly became science-fact just a decade later. Before this, radio, television, and navigation systems like LORAN and DECCA were already well-established and worked fine using only ground-based technologies. Nowadays huge fibre-optics cables connect the internet across oceans, gigantic cell towers triangulate GPS signals, and ionospheric propagation allows radio waves to be bounced all without the aid of the science-fiction best-seller known as “satellites.””(1)
“Satellites are allegedly floating around in the thermosphere where temperatures are claimed to be upwards of 4,530 degrees Fahrenheit. The metals used in satellites, however, such as aluminum, gold and titanium have melting points of 1,221, 1,948, and 3,034 degrees respectively, all
“So-called “satellite” phones have been found to have reception problems in countries like Kazakhstan with very few cell phone towers. If the Earth were a ball with 20,000+ satellites surrounding, such blackouts should not regularly occur in any rural countryside areas.”(1)
“So-called “satellite” TV dishes are almost always positioned at a 45 degree angle towards the nearest ground- based repeater tower. If TV antennae were actually picking up signals from satellites 100+ miles in space, most TV dishes should be pointing more or less straight up to the sky. The fact that “satellite” dishes are never pointing straight up and almost always positioned at a 45 degree angle proves they are picking up ground-based tower signals and not “outer-space satellites.””(1)
“People even claim to see satellites with their naked eyes, but this is ridiculous considering they are smaller than a bus and allegedly 100+ miles away; It is impossible to see anything so small that far away. Even using telescopes, no one claims to discern the shape of satellites but rather describes seeing passing moving lights, which could easily be any number of things from airplanes to drones to shooting stars or other unidentified flying objects.”(1)
“NASA claims there are upwards of 20,000 satellites floating around Earth’s upper-atmosphere sending us radio, television, GPS, and taking pictures of the planet. All these supposed satellite pictures, however, are admittedly “composite images, edited in photoshop!” They claim to receive “ribbons of imagery” from satellites which must then be spliced together to create composite images of the Earth, all of which are clearly CGI and not photographs. If Earth were truly a ball with 20,000 satellites orbiting, it would be a simple matter to mount a camera and take some real photographs. The fact that no real satellite photographs of the supposed ball Earth exist in favor of NASA’s “ribbons of composite CG imagery,” is further proof we are not being told the truth.”(1)
Gravity Does Not Exist “If “gravity” is credited with being a force strong enough to hold the world’s oceans, buildings, people and atmosphere stuck...
The International Space Station Does Not Exist “All NASA and other “space agencies” rocket launches never go straight up. Every rocket forms a parabolic curve, peaks out,...
The South Pole Does Not Exist “Antarctica is an ice continent which covers the bottom of the earth ball from 78 degrees South latitude to 90...
The Coriolis Effect Does Not Exist “The “Coriolis Effect” is often said to cause sinks and toilet bowls in the Northern Hemisphere to drain spinning in...
5G, 5G, 5G……It’s supposed to be the best thing since sliced bread. Take a look at this short video below, which presents: IEEE Propaganda: Everything You Need to Know About 5G A key quote from the video above is “but what exactly is a 5G network? The truth is that experts can’t tell us what […]
Parkland School Shooting Personality David Hogg Can’t Remember His Lines: And there’s more: So ……..Why would these folks be used in this supposed real event? “This particular event stands out due to all the laughing and smiling by the main students being promoted as angry anti-gun advocates by the media. It is notable that the […]
Praise for AI is creeping into more and more Ted talks, YouTube videos and news feeds as each week passes. The question is, or should be, how much of the hype surrounding artificial intelligence is warranted? “For 60 years scientists have been announcing that the great AI breakthrough is just around the corner. All of […]
By now almost everybody on the Earth has heard about Bitcoin since it’s constantly in the news, with it’s price rising rapidly. The aim here is to give an overview of Bitcoin and then take a critical look at it. Some common questions about Bitcoin: “What the hell is it? In the most general sense, […]
If you aren’t already aware of the benefits of Distilled Water then you probably decided to take a look at this because you’re curious about the claim in the title that Distilled Water is the Fountain of Youth. You may be thinking, “Come on, it’s just water, I’ve been drinking water my whole life, yes, […]
The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. By providing the information contained herein we are not diagnosing, curing, mitigating or preventing any type of disease or medical condition. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Before beginning any type of natural, integrative or conventional treatment regime, it is advisable to seek the advice of a licensed healthcare professional.
name meaning: Kadar \k(a)-dar\ as a boy's name is a variant of Kedar (Arabic), and the meaning of Kadar is "powerful".
A priest with a haunted past and a novitiate on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate the death of a young nun in Romania and confront a malevolent force in the form of a demonic nun.
Dome cinema has special screenings like Autistic friendly, Subtitled, Disability Friendly and more. Click here to know more about special prices for some screenings.
The Projectionist's Bar is open to cinema and non-cinema going customers. Cinema customers may take their drinks into the auditoriums in glasses, though we do ask that glasses are brought out after the film. We serve tea and filter coffee, as well as a range of cold drinks.
What the UWP Team Dominica led by Lennox Linton is doing is tantamount to opening a Pandora’s Box. There is no doubt that the team has a hugely articulate leader to deliver the message and in so doing they will find resistance from those who have believed in the Dominica Labour Party(DLP) for so long though not necessarily in the election candidates of the DLP.
Let us face it the DLP is the oldest political party here in Waitukubuli and has been our rulers in government for a total so far of 34 years starting in 1961 with a break for the Freedom Party in 1980 that ruled for 15 years and the new UWP in 1995 governing for less than 5 years.
It simply means that many people have known the DLP far longer than any other party and would have developed sentimental feelings about it. When Lennox Linton in his radio talk show programs began to show corruption in the Labour government’s dealings he was interfering with a belief and not just a political party.
The problem you encounter when attacking a belief is that those who have believed will have their head under water and think they are still breathing (adapted from John Legend, All of Me) and for so long that they cannot bring themselves to peek inside the Pandora’s Box for fear the truth will jump out at them so instead they simply shout out against the bearer of truth just two words, “You lie.” It was so in the time of Jesus the Christ and it is so now. People hate to hear unflattering reviews of the things they love and react in sometimes even violent ways against the messenger.
However, ‘Action speaks louder than words’ is a known slogan. While the Dominica Labour Party (DLP) may have placed in their election manifesto that the DLP is committed to building an international airport actions prove otherwise. In January 2000, The Labour Party won the elections and met on their plate the hundreds of acres of land already purchased for an international airport by the UWP at tens of millions of dollars cost to the taxpayer and simply allowed the land away to all and sundry claiming they wanted to locate the airport somewhere else. However, nothing happened. In the 2005 elections, again, the Labour Party promised an international airport and again nothing happened.
Then the Labour Party proceeded to do all through words and action to discourage we the people about an international airport and in particular by extending the Melville Hall Airport at a cost of nearly half a billion dollars which is stark ‘in your face’ proof that they had no intention of pursuing such a venture. When the Labour Party during their 50th Anniversary celebrations brought in Prime Minister Gonsalves of St Vincent to say to us that we do not need one, it was further evidence that the Labour government had no use for that kind of project.
The PM said that the UWP was just throwing pie in the sky. Now who is laughing as he joins the club? We were given the impression that the UWP politicians were a bunch of lunatics to suggest that they were determined to build one and the Labour crowd cheered. Then with no mea culpa, he hastily leaves for China in search of an international airport and again the Labourites cheer. Which way are you cheering Labourites? Should we not know where is that airport to be located, what investigative work has been done towards ensuring the takeoff and landing safety of the site, who are the people involved in the negotiations, how much is the real cost to we the people, what is the agreement with the builders and what is to happen to the newly renovated Melville Hall Airport and the Canefield Airport and on or is this just another election gimmick like the last ones? How many more times do we have to hear about an international airport before we actually see one. We the people should step out and say, “Either you build the bleeping thing or stop playing with our minds”.
Now let us take a peek at the geothermal matter that seriously has my attention more so because I have just read that there has been an increase in earthquake activity in the region during the month of April. The Prime Minister at his Labour Day show-rally in St Joseph made little mention of the geothermal project, which we were once told, would be like oil is to the Arabs. By now, some of us may have forgotten the “geo” thing having other things to do but the residents of the Roseau Valley where the drilling is ongoing sleep with one eye open. In the time of the four blood moons they might want to sing, “I see bad moon rising” (Creedence Clear Water Revival)
The earth is a living organism and we are an intimate part of it so it is unwise to tinker with large sources of energy without having provisions for a worst-case scenario. You do not test a gun to your head with only one bullet somewhere in the chamber and pull the trigger without preparing for what might happen.
The Labourites at their recent Labour Party show-rally preferred to hear about who liked “cow meat” and so the geothermal matter took a backseat in the bus as far as the Labour Party rally speakers were concerned. We keep taking this geothermal matter lightly substituting its seriousness with stand-up comedy about trivialities but that is how nations are hit hard by what they call “suddenly” because they never want to see the signs coming preferring as in the time of the Biblical Noah to have a field day with denials and trivia.
While some of us live miles away figuring, “We not in dat” be reminded that Mt Pelee in Martinique was 4 miles away from the village of St Pierre as the crow flies and it took seconds for the volcanic eruption to destroy the whole place including 20,000 people leaving only one man in a prison dungeon and a child hiding in a cave to survive Nature’s fury. For political reasons of an imminent elections poll and the desire to keep voters in the village for the polling day the people were told that there was no danger and the authorities sent in a group of so called experts who climbed the mountain and pronounced that ‘all is well’ just five days before hell was released on them.
God made man and we made politics but political war is mostly a rich man’s war and a poor man’s fight in which the poor people are made to destroy each other. It is amazing how poor people revel in the verbal slaughtering of one another on behalf of those who become rich while they benefit nothing but hopes of handouts. Yet as in the words of Abraham Lincoln ‘God must love the common people; he made so many of them.”
I think it is because God wanted to spread common sense everywhere, but the common people do not always use that gift. When it is not the pastors and priests it is the turn of the politicians to take boldfaced advantage of ordinary folk. However, the ordinary folk must look after their interests and one such is the preservation of our natural environment, their homes and the sanctity of the life God has given us. There are investors not bothered about the people’s travails over the geothermal project except if it begins to hamper their agenda for milking the cow. There are those even in government who do not care two bleeps about the poor villagers in the surroundings but just the possible big money that would come to them win or lose or draw in that venture.
Yet the poor people have the liberty of voting which is a way in a democracy to stop all undesirable things in governance. This is not the age when God sent a prophet to anoint leaders but by our own ink stained finger, we do it ourselves so we have the option to say to those in government ‘either, or”.
It is time for the residents of the Roseau Valley to stand up and demand that an evacuation and rescue plan is put in place and that they are thoroughly informed of what this project means and how their lives could be impacted and not just call talk shows but say directly to their representatives, “Come talk to us because this time its either, or.”
Disclaimer: The comments on this page do not necessarily reflect the views of DominicaNewsOnline.com/Duravision Inc. All comments are approved by DominicaNewsOnline.com before they are posted. We never censor based on political or ideological points of view, but we do try to maintain a sensible balance between free speech and responsible moderating.
violate or infringe the rights of any person, are defamatory or harassing or include personal attacks
Mr Joseph, what are your views on the Thomson Fontaine transfergate and landgate affairs? Tell us do you think that the best way to run a political campaign is to go all over the world and denigrate your country? You have to address the woeful shortcoming of your party if you want to appear to be fair, balanced and unbiased, but then again you never claimed to be. Saying country first is not enough: we need to actually put country first.
“gimic was taking place in the woodford hill and Wesley area paying people for their lands for building Airport and to still have them cultivating on the lands,then during that same time the same roads that they said would be”
You do not have a clue of what you are talking about. So, let me ask you the new Secondary School that was built in Wesley, where was it located prior to its present location? Why was it moved to the present location. Why, there was an issue in Court while Pierre Charles was prime minister over monies owed to the Trinidad government spent on the same project.
I am from Wesley, okay, and I have more than one relative who’s property was declared public domain, they received some of the money, however to this day the remainder is not yet paid. And for your information Rosie Douglas is the one who told people they should re-take possession of their land because his government was not going to build any International Airport, because it was too expensive to build.
Besides Athie Martin contended that the eland was valuable land much more suitable for the growing of avocados. I do not know how much you were paid to come here and talk this nonsense, some of us knows the facts of the matter. Rosie Douglas even gave a thug from Woodford Hill half the Londonderry Estate, for what the thug calm was his pound of Beef for money he claimed he gave Rosie while he campaigned.
Athie, is still alive ask him why was the same thug from Woodford Hill went into action chopping down hundreds of years old Mangroves, on the river bank in the area called Broad Road, when the police was called to arrest the culprit, a phone call went to the police from Rosie Douglas preventing the arrest of that thug who continued to threatened and harassed the people of Wesley.
Finally, if they have not told you: be informed that the government of Trinidad & Tobago was undertaking 80% of the cost of the construction, while contribution of money was made by the PRC, and also Tiwan, so just hush you do not know what you are talking about.
Arthie cannot give anyone advice on anything. Ask Arthie about his hotel/guest house and how well it is doing. Ask Arthie about his water project that has not come off the ground after two or more years? The present prime minister did not negotiate or take land from the people of Wesley. You all want things to be done that are not being done. Then when a positive plan is put forward to do what you all want you get vex and cry foul. What do you really want? Maybe some of us are suffering from the syndrome of “Don’t do it, but let me do it’?
These laborrats are in such denial it’s scary. The country is at it’s worse in terms of economic prosperity. Our GDP has dropped tremendously, unemployment is at an all time high, more people are leaving or trying to leave the country because of unemployment. But yet still they think when their shepherd pays a bill for them from his RED CLINIC handouts, this is all. They have no concept of financial independence rather thinking that the RED CLINIC will solve their problem. Shouldn’t we as a people demand better.
People have ben migrating from time immemorial not only from Dominica but all over the world. They migrate for many different reasons one of them is for employment. Dominicans migrated to Cayenne, England, Guadeloupe, Martinique, Canada, Trinidad, Barbados, US Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, Montserrat, St. Kitts, Antigua, USA and many more. This has been happening long before many, many of us were born. So learn your country’s history
Democracy works Dominicans should be proud as a people , one man one vote , may the best man wins, we as Dominicans have to admit progress has been made, since the British left under this Government, there are still more good things to come, after election let us all work together, for the common good of the island.
Never thought I would criticize DNO for not publishing my comment. I was not slanderous or libelous. All I said was that Denis Joseph was and is perhaps still an avoid acolyte of Patrick John. The world knows why Patrick John was catapaulted out of office. His record in defending democracy was atrocious. In fact he took steps to stifle free expression. All that time Denis was at his side as his chief spokesperson. In 980/81 Denis Joseph was in co with Patrick John to subvert the will of the people following the results of the 1980 general elections. They were in co inviting the KKK to overthrow the duly elected government of Dominica. That is what I said. That is part of our history. Denis cannot now come and pretend he was always an altar boy in church. He served in the engine room of the Labour Party under Patrick John between 1975 and 1979.
“I would reply to this comment but i can’t because you just told the world that 90% of Dominicans live in OUTRAGEOUS POVERTY. What else is there to say. Typical UWP propaganda. Your post speaks for itself. A lie by any other name is still a lie.”
Let me give you an example of poverty in our country; working class people lives below the poverty line: i e. sometime last year, or the year, before a teacher at the DGS was beaten viciously by an student, he need to have some X-ray done on his head, the cost of that service in our hospital amount to four ($400.00) hundred dollars, if you do not wish to be bias, you will remember the man did not have four hundred measly dollars to pay to save his own life. If memory serves me correctly, people donated money to accommodate the hospital bill.
This man is a Secondary School Teacher, who could not pay for an X-ray! What would you say is the cause of that, could it be because he is a working rich man, absolutely not;he is a working poor, and part of the 90% in Dominica who exists below the poverty level. Poverty covers a range from extreme want of mere necessities to an absence of material comforts. So, all the people who live in houses in Dominica utilizing the pit hole as toilets are indeed living way below the poverty level, and the people who still lives in shacks, and 16 X 12 huts are all living below the poverty level.
Want and destitution imply extreme poverty that threatens life itself through starvation, there are people in Dominica in a perpetual state of want. All the destitute people you see in the streets of Roseau, and in some villages they exist in total poverty. While you hide behind your fictitious name the poor and destitute of our nation are quite visible, and if you believe I just exposed the truth to the world, I am very happy to do it, because I have relatives in Dominica suffering also.
When we speak of the poverty line, we are talking the level of personal, or family income below which one is classified as poor according to government standards, also known as poverty level, there is plenty of that in Dominica, check the salary rate in Dominica, and you will discover that all of our civil servants are actually existing in poverty, that’s a fact! You can push it under the rug if you wish, but I will expose the dirty lining whenever, and where I find it. And this thing about UWP, you can continue to fool yourself, I am nonpartisan, and let me give you the meaning of that:
I am free from party affiliation, bias, or designation. You cannot say that because if you do, your handlers will find out and your gravy spoon will be snatched out of your mouth oui!
My only concern is Dominica, and not Red,Blue or Green like you, who dressed up in Red even when you are in bed sleeping. You cannot comment as you said, because there is no spin you can put on the truth that will change it, call me a liar if you wish, that changes nothing, and surely you cannot shut me up okay;you may have opened the Pandora’s box.
I guess reputable organizations like the IMF and World Bank do not agree with you. Read their reports. Also the majority of Dominicans definitely do not agree with you.
The world bank is not feeling what the poor in Dominica suffers you know. Since you know so much about the World Bank, and I suppose the IMF, I expect you also know how many times their advise has cause nations to fail economically.
I totally agree with you. This Mr. Dodds as you must be aware is just writing HIS views without even thinking whether what he writes make sense. But you never know, he might be an expert on such things and better qualified than people working at the IMF and World Bank. If so, then as a patriotic and participative citizen he should do hi duty to his country and advise us about the way we should go to enjoy prosperity.
A secondary school teacher who did not have $400.00 to pay his hospital bill should be ashamed of himself. What was he doing with his money at the end of the month? Each and everyone should live according to their means. He needs to make sure he balances his budget well. I am sure the teacher did not tell you so. Many teachers and other Dominicans pay for insurances to take care of them when they are sick and you must know that. Make some sense.
I believe you must be the only one making up that 90% you are talking about. Get your facts straight sir. What you are saying although it is your view but it is QUITE LAUGHABLE. Give your readers the facts from your RELIABLE sources.
Hey Dennis, i think you would do better on “the top of the morning show” with your jingles, rather than pump in all that oxygen about lennox mishak linton who doe not have the slightest idea of what he really wants to do for his country. This is the new DLP, Dennis, former freedomites under MAMO, AND YOU JUST CANNOT STAND THEM. That is your biggest problem. PJ was the biggest bobol man back in the days and you served his interest very well. First, manager of DBS, and, then, Director of Public Broadcasting.
Disgusting and hypocritical and bias article. The writer sounds like a stooge of UWP hoping one day to get in power to eat the crumbs from the table, like he did in the days of PJ. Sorrowful man….. But time catching up with him. Bye bye Dennis!
Nice one can you all also remember Dennis use to say on the Radio oh I am the man with the MASTER PLAN when he was a cohort of Patrick John not the Labor Party because Laborites don’t change overnight like Dennis ,but up till now his plan cannot be brought to the draughts men for csrutiny and approval.You see these guys cannot get to milk out Skerrit like how they did to Patrick John so they must be against him.
But I must also remind dennis Joseph that if he was a Laborite he would have always known that the first Party to bring the thoughts of an International Airport to Dominicans was the Labor Party .The first location was at Bantridge the second was I believe Castle Bruce ,and the last location that was under observation was Crompton Point stretching from Eden Estate all the way to the Old Tarrish pit just over the WoodFordHill Estate over the beach.So the Labor Party always had thoughts of an International Airport Dennis never brought up those items in his so called nonsensical Bible
Dennis is still planning his master plan. Maybe one day the plan will come through. But Dennis has to wait another few years. I believe he has the patience to do so.
From reading Dennis’ article, then reading ALL the comments thus far, I deduce from that, that majority of Dominicans are not thinkers. Dominicans operate on political party loyalty, rather than the hard facts. Personal feelings, sentiments and emotions get the best of ust…the truth is the truth, whether it comes from Dennis, Sheila, or Kelvin. Dennis’ article cites logical examples of failed governmental strategies. Action, or the lack of it has plagued this nation for way too long – then stalwarts come along to try and lighten the burden – we throw stones and cry wolf in the process. It behooves us as a nation to take pride in our collective future, not party allegiance. Dennis does not take sides here, he is merely telling you ignorant jacks that we’re in for one more round of ass whooping from the current admin and their communist body guards, if we’re not careful, that’s all. Good luck, Dominica.
“Dennis does not take sides here, he is merely telling you ignorant jacks that we’re in for one more round of ass whooping from the current admin and their communist body guards, if we’re not careful, that’s all. Good luck, Dominica.” …[email protected],C (Rastafari), perhaps you did not read the article but it is fully in support of the UWP position on the airport
Dennis was associated with Patrick John, some of the worst time in Dominica, now UWP who also gave us a bad time when they controlled the country for 4 years, you cannot trust that man, looks and reads like someone singing for their supper.
dominica he is back, he has nothing to say about the recent uwp meeting in st.thomas and all the negativity that was said about the country,but he has advice about geothermal and international airport.NO WONDER LABOUR WILL CONTINUE TO RULE.
@LATITUDED810 Well i listened to the meeting and it was a gem. These eloquent speakers lev by Linton, the learned Sr Fontaine Isaac Baptise and others, seem to be bringing the msessage to Dominicans the world over.They are bringing the message of how evil and corrupt the Labour Party is. This seem to be widely accepted by the majority of Dominicans abroad. I highly commend Team Dominica (UWP) for this effort. These men have really exposed the wickedness of this Skerrit led government, and MORE AND MORE I THINK THAT CHANGE IS COMING! This election is about taking back Dominica from the evil ones, and bringing it to good hands and proper leadership.
I would love to know where this rumour that UWP sent a letter to someone in the USA informing that we do not need and airport……I just find it a bit contradicting as UWP had gone ahead an purchase land for the construction of an airport and this we know is a fact as there is PROOF of this…..BUT WHERE IS THE PROOF THAT THEY SENT A LETTER TO THE USA INDICATING WE DO NOT NEED AN airport. All this propaganda needs to stop and if you want to debate or put a point forward let there be facts behind what you are presenting. SMH….. Just like DLP administration spreading that UWP are going to privatize the PMH if they get into gov.
Mr James. Never stop an airport because miss Charles said that she never promised Dominican that she going to build an airport.
the letter by Mr. James to the US Embassy asking the US not to assist Dominica with the building of an international airport as it would be meddling in the affairs of dominica. Is proof that the DFP had plans for an international. It is time to rally and defend a lie.
A Live Science analysis of U.S. Geological Survey data finds that April’s first three weeks were the busiest stretch for earthquakes going back to at least the beginning of last year. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said April was a record month for warnings from the Alaska-based center.
How about May? There were 17 magnitude-6 or larger earthquakes globally between May 1 and May 20, following a busy April that saw 26 temblors in that same magnitude range. By comparison, there were only six earthquakes this big in February, eight in January and just two in December.
I have read many of your articles, and you have extreme abilities as a writer. You have written this article with such loud clarity that i would grade you with “A+”. But really what is going on with Sklerrit presently is that he is failing, fading, wilting and cowering under LINTON’S pressure, and that of Team Dominica (UWP). Before the advent of Linton he used to pound his 8inches chest and pretend to be a warrior, but the man was NOTHING MORE THAN A COWARD. Thank you Linton and Team Dominica (UWP) for this EFFECTIVE AND FORMIDABLE OPPOSITION, THAT IS BEING MADE TO BEAR UPON this wicked, desperate, unconscionable and corrupt Labour Party. THEY SIMPLY DO NOT HAVE A RESPONSE.
You can actually feel that CHANGE IS IN THE AIR. Change that is aimed at liberating thousands of Dominica from the wicked clutches of a gang that have impoverished most Dominicans and convert them to beggars.
Keep on lacerating the backs of those incompetent and lazy leaders in this corrupt Labour Party, while i continue to listen.
Skerrit is on the defensive and has no reply. That is how he hides, stammers, stutters and even insults when he meet brilliant minds like those in the UWP!
“Then the Labor Party proceeded to do all through words and action to discourage we the people about an international airport and in particular by extending the Melville Hall Airport at a cost of nearly half a billion dollars which is stark ‘in your face’ proof that they had no intention of pursuing such a venture. When the Labor Party during their 50th Anniversary celebrations brought in Prime Minister Gonsalves of St Vincent to say to us that we do not need one, it was further evidence that the Labour government had no use for that kind of project.”(Denis Joseph).
You know, I thought I was crazy now I am convinced that there are people in the Labor Party who are much more crazy than me. It is amazing that people are so, dumb that they have spent half billion dollars: which is five hundred ($500,000,000.00) dollars to add a few feet of runway to the old airport, and installed landing lights which have yet to serve any useful purpose.
These people are so ignorant, the International Airport the UWP was building cost just a little over three hundred ($300,000,000.00) million dollars. The Labor Party made the argument that they could have got one built for a fraction of what the UWP intended to spend, we are shocked to learn that they wasted two hundred million dollars more on the old municipal airport on the advise of Ralph Gonzalez when they could have built a new International Airport for less!
If Dominicans go to the poles next election, and vote for these clowns, it will be all over for Dominica, and the people who vote for this Labor Party will deserve what they get! Half a Billion dollars, to just over three hundred million: this is unconscionable we have the most ignorant bunch of people in our government.
Note: $500,000,000.00 – $300,000,000.00 = $200,000,000.00; two hundred million dollars could have done lots of other things in the country, I cannot understand the mentality of the people we have in government, they are a bunch of ignorant dunce people!
Anybody who wish to hate me for this comment, are free to hate me,. In any event the taste of the pudding is in the eating, the facts are presented, only that the supporters of the Labor Party will find a way to down play let it be known the Labor Party has no intentions of building an International Airport, because if they intended, that five billion they wasted could have built an International Airport and two hundred million dollars would be left over.
Garcon, you always amaze me with your writing and reasoning. How did you arrive at five billion from five million? The fact of the matter is Dominica does not need an International airport – we simply cannot afford one period end of story. There is no industry, nor the occasional carnival, WCF & Jazz Festivals that can support an airport , which according to chatter could cost upwards of one BILLION dollars.
It appears as if you cannot even read, and understand; either that, or you are nothing more than a dunce idiot. Denis sated Half a billion dollars. Note: 1/2 indicates one half which 1/2 = .500. Half a of a billion must be five hundred million. I wrote in figures 500, 000,000.00 which is half of one billion. you are a are dunce. On million is written in figures like this 1,000,000 you must have six zeroes in a million the two last as .00 in the amount has no value. So if you need to write five hundred million it can only be write thus: 500,000,000.
A billion is ten hundred million dollars; so what are you babbling about you fool? I am tired of whipping my feet in the faces of idiots like you! Again I reiterate a computer cannot educate one who is a fool, who never excel in school, if you are a jackass an computer will do nothing besides expose your stupidity.
And in the event you are wondering how to divide one by two, or the lessor, by the greator, you can only accomplish that by doing it exponentially in the negative, or simply by adding zeros as such 100/2 = 50.000, you move the point to the left of the five, and drop two of the zeros, by then you will arrived at 1/2 = .500.
Understand what you read before you tackle people who can kick your Butt, and make you stick you foot in your mouth. I hope you are more amazed now!
“Anybody who wish to hate me for this comment, are free to hate me,. In any event the taste of the pudding is in the eating, the facts are presented, only that the supporters of the Labor Party will find a way to down play let it be known the Labor Party has no intentions of building an International Airport, because if they intended, that five billion they wasted could have built an International Airport and two hundred million dollars would be left over.”
Well, then if you see I error, it would be much better if you pointed the error out to me, I am human also you know; to error is to be very much human. I am not God, nor a god!
My whole argument is based on half a billion, five hundred million is equal to one half billion dollars.
In the second to last line of your last paragraph you did make an error by saying “that five billion they wasted could have built an international airport”. Apologies in order
Dennis, as a disciple of former PM Patrick John, you should just go into oblivion. The younger generation might not know about PJ and his cohorts but I surely do remember.
some DLP supporters can be so negative……if you were to tell one of dem happy birthday they would throw words back at you
someone mentioned free airport from US that was turned down bY UWP in 1998………YET……..they were still able to put work on de ground through their own efforts
DLP coming into office did not continue de efforts even though it is suggested that US wanted to assist
@? These guys (Skerrites) are desperate, as they realise that the carpet is being pulled from under thir two feet.
How can Dominicans forget two things: 1. The UWP had actually bought land for an international airport, and 2. Was 11 million dollars in the construction of a better stadium…Do have to be in a party to know that?
How can Dominicans forget that the uwp had no money. Civil servants could not get pay. Dominica was on the brink of economic collapse. How can we forget.
Well said Mr Joseph and for those who spitefully choose to lack comprehension all because of what Mr Joseph wrote and that is belief I feel bad for u a man who got two ears and one mouth talks more than he listens is called a labourite be wise people choose right seek and go for the truth for the truth is right in this article.
Mr. Joseph! You know as well as I do that the uwp has no right to talk about an International Airport. Edison James the then leader of the uwp prevented us from having one when he wrote to the Americans and asked them do not interfere in our Domestic affairs when they promised to do the land work for the International Airport for us for free. Now whose head is under water! The proposed International airport by the uwp was serious flawed and was advised by a couple International expert bodies that they should not continue with it because Dominica would become the laughing stock of the Caribbean by having built such a flawed airport. You, Mr Joseph, should know that or are you just in denial?
Mr Joseph, I am going to pretend that you did not raise the questions you are raising about the geothermal project because you are only jumping on Athie’s bandwagon because you all see this a a way of stunting the government’s, and by extension the country’s progress in a pathetic attempt to gain political power. Surely you endorse all the misinformation that is being spread all over the world by your party. Dragging your country into the mud but still trying to say you love your country. The truth is that all the concerns you have about the project have been and are still being addressed. It has been endorsed by various worldwide experts and reputable organizations who have nothing to gain by lying to our people. So yes Mr Joseph continue your political bias and keep your head buried in the sand.
Mr. Joseph! You know as well as I do that the uwp has no right to talk about an International Airport.
Me; you know foolishness has it limits, you are contented with the way the Labor Party has kept the country down, and as a result more than 90% of the people of Dominica exists in outrageous poverty, and below the poverty line.
If you read Denis carefully, you will remember where he spoke about the head below the water, and breathing, or something to that effect. That is the same syndrome which have captivated you, now, do not take that as an insult, because I have been reading you, and I am not convinced that you are by any means ignorant. However, the statement you made above in the quote renders you more bias than Denis can ever be; he has defiantly analyze the situation and spoke the truth, only that because of your biasness, and political attitude you will never be able to accept his concept which is the truth.
To suggest that the UWP has no right to talk about International Airport is foolishness on your part; because assuming that Edison James wrote to anybody in the United States regarding the building of an International Airport or not, which I do not believe anyway; the facts are they the UWP, literally commenced construction on an International Airport in the country, even if you are fifteen years old you will remember The engineers and contractors from Trinidad were in Dominica working on the project which included the Secondary School in Wesley, when Athie Martin, the late Rosie Douglas, Ambrose George, the late Pierre Charles, and other members of the Labor Party chased them out of the country, and shut down the building of the International Airport, the same one the UWP, under the leadership of Edison James was building.
Skerrit may not have anything to do with it then since he was a mere boy, a junior member of the party, I blame him however for listening to the crap, and brainwashing he received from Ralph Gonzalez which has prevented him from going all out to build the airport, even after the Chines government told his administration, the only way Dominica will begin to make some progress, is when we build an International Airport. Another thing if you have documented proof of Edison writing to anybody telling them Dominica should not have an international airport, I suggest you make copy’s of that letter available to DNO so that they can publish it to prove your argument is correct, unless you can do that, it must be recorded as a another lie perpetrated by the Labor Party.
I would reply to this comment but I can’t because you just told the world that 90% of Dominicans live in OUTRAGEOUS POVERTY. What else is there to say. Typical UWP propaganda. Your post speaks for itself. A lie by any other name is still a lie.
Bunch of jokers,whom do you all want to even believe that UWP was going to build Airport.Let me say this first and foremost it was also just before Elections that this gimic was taking place in the woodford hill and Wesley area paying people for their lands for building Airport and to still have them cultivating on the lands,then during that same time the same roads that they said would be relocated and diverted Thousands of Dollars were being spent on re-habilitating those Roads in Woodfordhill and Wesley .Now with the conditions of the Roads between Pond Case and Melville at that time was in now able to accommodate the vast movement between these areas for any mobilization of any heavy equipment to move to and from,with the comparison of the Roads today one can admit that this is more suitable to move this pieces of Heavy Equipment and that should make Dominica ready to the construction of an International Airport.So with all this talk of UWP building Airport was just a smoke screen.If I may recall the DLP never declined to the construction of the Airport I have always been hearing that the country cannot afford it at the time ,so if now is the time let it be.There are now better infrastructure in place to accommodate it ,there is an alternative route via the EOL recently reconstructed highway,the reconstructed Canefield to Pond Case and then to MelvilleHall roads,the Roads between BoisDiable to Hatten Garden Via the Carib Reserve ,and especially all of the single lane Bridges between pond Case and Melville Hall by then will accommodate two lanes even the Deux Branch Bridge which is over Sixty-Four years old is being re-constructed to accommodate two lanes and the MelvilleHall Bridge that was in the eyes of the Parl. Rep. is now being re-constructed in to two lane bridge.So now these infrastructure are in place we should be ready for the International Airport
Dominican by Birth, Didn you not hear Mathew Walters diatribe about Jesus Christ refering to Skerrit and Barabass refering to Eddison James, you seem to be one of those who have short memory too i guess, may i remind you it was December 2009
Mr. Joseph thanks again. A lot of us depend on you to express what we can’t express in the way you do. Hard-headed people learn the hard way. Unfortunately, there are times when the innocent suffers through ignorance. Closed-minded people are difficult to understand and have the greater difficulty in accepting positive change. The opportunity is now available for those of us who care to make things right when that ink stains our fingers. We appreciate the enlightenment.
Dennis we could have had this international airport since 1998 free from the US and your UWP wrote the US and stopped it
If it’s true that Up wrote to the Americans and they stopped their funding of the airport, that tells me the Americans clearly saw good reason in the Uwp’s letter to stop their funding, afterall the Americans were at that time clear allies of the Freedom Party.
It is just proper protocol not to meddle in a country’s internal affairs. Mr James knew that and took advantage of this fact to the detriment of this country.
Opposition will always oppose, Mr. Joseph Do not put God in you politics. Are you saying that Linton is the next Christ.
how comes all you flipping peoples never seem to get the point? are we the most ignorant peoples in the east caribbean or the world?
No, just understanding the messenger’s message. Trying to put fear in the people. Sometime before the drilling we were having several of these earthquake activities going on in DA and the caribbean. Surely it wasn’t the drilling that cause that. With no scientific evidence you are trying to play on our ignorance. Why behave this way? Do we have to sell our souls to the devil to ensure that we win at any cost?
Leave it to you ppl to take just a piece of something said and twist it to suit a personal agenda. Reread what this man has written with a clear and unbiased mind and you MIGHT see he did not by any means insinuate that Linton is the next Christ. You ppl need to stop it.
Can you respond to the article on its merit…….rather than being personal. You wrote a lot but said nothing…
Just like disgusting Austrie insulting women. Its seems like an outdated Labour Party propaganda……empty sayings. disgusting
The team Dominica came to St. Croix, yes I have it recorded. Mr. Baptiste said, the young women in Dominica have to prostitute themselves because they cannot find work under the Skeritt administration. Yes, Mr. Baptiste called the young women of Dominica Prostitutes’ . Why would team Dominica say that young mothers in DA are waiting with their children where Skettit passes in order to get money. How do you accept such inhuman sexist comments.
YOU THINKING THIS IS A JOKE…….A lot of Dominican women are prostituting themselves………..talk to some of the young girls in St Joe and you will see.
@Respect. Why should the truth hurt you so much? Are you a corrupt being? What do you expect under Labour Party?
Dominican by Birth, Did you not hear Mathew Walters diatribe about Jesus Christ refering to Skerrit and Barabass refering to Eddison James, you seem to be one of those who have short memory too i guess, may i remind you it was December 2009
@Dominican by birth No. He is saying that Matthew Walter told fools like you at a rally that Skerrit is Jesus Christ, and since you were a Skerrit slave you were clapping. that’s what he is saying.
Yes mr. Denise you have knock the nail on the head and i give you maxium support. The truth most be exposed. In Dominica we need more bold people no matter what party we support and move from the ignorant crisis, our politicians most be told of their stupid decisions and keep our heads high up.
As usual your articles are always deep and thought provoking Dennis, pity more people don’t read and ponder on your words. The people who know better looking for their money under the table, does who don’t know better, just sing for their supper making no effort to educate themselves. Instead they just limit their source of news to one medium and we know that the majority of these are one sided. Look I just read that Mervin Paul going to head DBS, look is now the DBS faith full will have no clue of what is really going on.
Back to the issue of lies and promises, Its not only the airport issue they keep promising every elections either.
In 2000 Ambrose promised the people of Kings Hill a multi- purpose resource center, in 2005 he again promised that it would be a reality, in 2009 he sang the same song and successfully fooled so many people who keep shouting his praises. Guess what? he held a meeting last week in Kings Hill to discuss and promise it again. Fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me.
I know from listening to persons from other constituencies that they too were promised similar improvements in their communities and are still awaiting them.
Other than patching potholes after months and months of complaining by community members we are hardly seeing anything done on a community level by this DLP administration. Is high time people open their eyes and stop swearing oaths of allegiance to political parties and take that oath of allegiance to country.
Poor jab, Dennis! Keep at it! Who knows, you may yet make the Guinness Book of Records as the 1st person who was saved from drowning by clutching at a straw!
Mr. Joseph, thanks for the damage control article. However no amount of damage control can change the fact that the idea for an international airport for Dominica was not the idea of the UWP. To say otherwise would be an outright lie and you know it. If you were honest you would not imply that the DLP was not interested in building an international airport, the simple truth is that Dominica could not financially afford an international airport. The UWP tried and it quickly became a financial disaster even before the first instalment was made, pushing Dominica to the brink of financial chaos. You need to do better at your damage control, ignoring the facts won’t help.
Very good article, however, the sad thing about the information which is disseminated is that most of our people do not read so they will not be privy to that wealth of information which will cause them to think and make informed decisions.
This site uses cookies to provide a better user experience. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service. Your use of DominicaNewsOnline.com is subject to these policies and terms. Find out more.
The specifications of computers that you need to run our ChurchMinder® Pastoral Care and Church Management software are modest.
Computers that run the Windows XP or Windows 7 Operating systems with at least 2Gb of Memory are adequate. If you to use it in multi-user mode (where several users can access the system at the same time), you will also need a "server" that will hold all the information that will be captured as you use the system. This server only needs about 10Gb of free hard drive space (to store your information for about the next half decade) and it can actually be just one of your computers in the church office. All backups will be taken from this server computer.
Should you choose to issue "supermarket" receipts for payments, we can supply you our affordable OAMartin thermal receipt printers. If you choose to implement our Membership Card Scanning Module, we will manufacture scannable barcode labels to be affixed to your Members' membership cards for quick processing of tithes etc. via our OAMartin automatic scanners that we supply as well.
You will need a local server so that you can work whether the internet is functioning well or not. This configuration ensures that all your information stays within your walls, unless you expressly permit a stakeholder to come in over the internet to login and participate in the software. This server only stores information so it does not need to be the expensive industrial type, one of your computers in the church office can be designated as the server (while it is being used by a user as well) and there will be no performance degradation at all.
What is the maximum number of Users who can be allowed to have access to the system at any one time.
There is a limit of five (5) simultaneous Users by default but you can purchase additional licenses/seats.
If we have to convert from our current Software to Churchminder® would you be able to build a conversion engine so that we can upload automatically without neccessarily having to do manual inputting all over again.
We certainly can build a customized conversion engine to to migrate your existing information. This would normally attract a fee (for the development).
I guess you are forever expanding the Software. Do you have a system where all upgrades made by your team can be made available to Users periodically? Are Version Releases made available free of charge?
We are constantly expanding the software to adequately manage the needs of the modern fast advancing church. When enhancements are made, Users/Clients benefit from these for free, unless special configuration is required in which case a minimal charge will be proposed to cover the time of the Support Technician.
We also develop entirely new modules that offer specific functionalities that we see as being potentially useful to you and we periodcially advertise these new modules to existing Users/Clients and those that are interested would be levied a (minimal) fee for these.
An interesting module that we have coming up soon is a Church Member Service Attendance Module that can be used to determine who and who has not been able to attend service for some period of time so that leaders can quickly follow up.
We do customization once the User/Client agrees to foot the bill for any additional development. But you will see that our extensive research of Pastoral Care and Church Management practices from a wide range of environments coupled with our generous system development agenda has ensured that every possible need of yours is adequately provided for in ChurchMinder® and that with the appropriate training, you will be amazed at how well ChuchMinder® will meet your expectations.
How is Maintenance Fees to be paid for - can we spread payment along the lines of a payment plan say quarterly or do you insist on bulk payments.
Indeed, our aim is to grow ChurchMinder® to be a self-supporting Ministry among the ranks of The Bible Society etc. so we shall, with your support, continue to develop and deploy cutting edge tools and resources for Christian work.
No, you do not need the internet to run ChurchMinder® as all your information is stored and manipulated locally on your computer systems. If you send messages (sms/text), you will need the internet for the brief period that the messages are being sent out.
Yes, ChurchMinder® has very flexible options for sending text messages (sms) to your Church Members and any groups of recipients as well.
You can send scheduled text messages and even reminders to yourself and members of your Team of events in the future.
Yes, you can easily send messages to groups in the Church (Choir, Deacons, etc.) with the click of a button.
Is it true that ChurchMinder can send electronic receipts to Members mobile phones when they make payments?
Yes, in addition to printing receipts for payments, ChurchMinder® sends electronic versions of receipts to Members' mobile phones via text (sms).
A Member aspires to join our Church Management Committee, can we obtain that Member's tithe payment statement/profile from ChurchMinder®?
Yes, you can easily obtain a statement of a particular Member's financial contributions to a given fund over a specified period in just seconds from ChurchMinder®.
Can ChurchMinder® send goddwill messages to my Church Members on their Birthdays, Marriage Anniversaries, etc?
Yes, you can quickly pull reports on key anniversaries of individual Members like birthdays, wedding anniversaries, etc. from ChurchMinder®. You can also send text messages (sms) to these celebrants easily via the click of a single button.
Comprehensive Membership Details, Member Analysis, Financials, Church Diary, Groups Management, Clergy Information, Bulk Text Messaging, Reports, Job Placement, SMS and Printed Receipts etc.
Copyright © 2010 - 2018 Splash Technology. All rights reserved. Design, Development & Hosting: Splash! | Check Email
Wouldn't be nice to get more information in a file listing than just the default Name, Size, Type, and Date Modified? With Windows XP, you can.
• First, right-click the file and in the popup menu that appears, select Properties. In the Properties dialog box that appears, on the General tab, uncheck the "Read Only" checkbox if it's checked.
Then select the Summary tab and enter as much information as you want in the Title: and other text boxes.
After you've added the desired information in the Properties dialog box for the files, in the Details view, right-click a blank space next to a column title. In the popup menu that appears, click next to a name of a column you want to add, for example clicking Tile puts a check mark next to Tile and adds a new Title column to the file list.
Send us an email, or call us at one of our offices. We welcome your inquiries. Whether you represent a brand, a management company, an association or a single hotel. We are here to help your organization take a “best practices” approach to hotel revenue and yield management.
Map of Bow Brickhill Buckinghamshire, a village to the north of Little Brickhill and Great Brickhill.
Bow Brickhill Map Bucks: Find streets, roads and amenities in the Buckinghamshire village of Bow Brickhill, using this handy interactive map.
Also visible on this Bow Brickhill map are Caldecotte, Browns Wood, Old Farm Park, Walnut Tree and Caldecotte Lake.
Use navigation buttons on this Bow Brickhill street map to get a closer view, or move around to see other areas surrounding Bow Brickhill in Buckinghamshire.
A fun day out for all the family and an opportunity for Bucks Young Farmers to show to everyone what Young Farmers is all about!
If you are an exhibitor who would like to find out more about the sponsorship or trade stand opportunities available please send an email to tradestands@northbuckscountryshow.co.uk
Check icons from King Kong movie. Upload your own icons and smileys, communicate with other members on Buddy-Icons.info, post comments and rate the best icons and smiles. Contact other members using Private messaging, leave your comments and rate icons, away messages, programs, etc. Express yourself with a custom created aim expressions.
You can copy and paste smileys and emoticons on your personal homepage, website or profile on MySpace, Xanga and other websites. You can download everything you see here for free! Find your original Harry Potter icons. Lots of buddy icons can be used in your favorite instant messanger: AIM, MSN, Yahoo or as a Photo in ICQ.
Ysabel tells how she lived the bombings over Bilbao during the Spanish Civil War. Especially an episode during which in a walk with her father she saw a German parachutist whose plane had been shot ...
More details have emerged regarding Leslie Benzies departure from Rockstar Games. Unfortunately the split looks to be far from amicable.
Max Payne is the latest PlayStation 2 classic to be made available for the PlayStation 4. It joins the already available Manhunt, Bully, Grand Theft Auto III, Vice City and San Andreas and has similar enhancements to these previous releases. Curiously though, it has less trophies than other Rockstar classics with no platinum trophy.
Earlier this month saw the release of the "Inch by Inch" adversay mode in Grand Theft Auto Online and this Tuesday, 3rd of May, will see the release of the "In & Out" adversary mode. To celebrate the latest addition to Grand Thaft Auto Online there will be double RP & GTA$ earned in adversary modes all week long.
Lucas Kazan like this gallery? 71, looks sensational swimsuit she poses unretouched photo. Ryan Thomas Celebrity Big Brother HD clip.
Today LucasKazan entry XXXCastings tagged Ettore Tosi, June 9, Moro credits, awards, streaming links AllMusic Born Rome April 1975, Moro. Uk: Kindle Store.
19-year-old hottie Sicily, Kazan‘s discovery. Bigcock French. Bet wasn’t , presses director Nylon PiediVelati, images can use any project.
But camming broadened horizons. Download 109, Boy Model Stock Photos for FREE or amazingly low rates! Brazilian, blond bombshell was just what were looking smooth legs, bubble extra large, thick escorts rentboys RentMen, read escort fiendly masseurs models, escorting stars girls wearing black super sheer unique pantyhose?
First experiences part cover bands playing songs artists such. FastDates Motorcycle Pinup Current Past Edition Calendars, Glamour Books, Movies, Games, Music. It never easy talk candidates into butts.
Details it’s bow which ensure star, rather than supporting act. Asked on-camera hesitates. New users enjoy 60% OFF.
Sexiest shoes made by ultra-glamorous Monika Chiang, who perfectly mixes femininity sharp Life Essentials. Headlines last week interactive art installation outside Rag Bone retail Soho. Sometimes awkward, always real we think.
Copyright © 2016 Saintgeorgebulkfood. All rights reserved. Website designed by Brainwave Advertising.
#greyscale")}.banner_item:hover img{-webkit-filter:none;filter:none}.widget-testimonial{width:100%;margin:auto;text-align:left}.widget-testimonial .des-testimonial{font-size:14px;color:#fff;padding:15px;background:#c69f73;border-radius:5px;margin-right:3px;-webkit-font-smoothing:antialiased;position:relative}.widget-testimonial .des-testimonial>*{display:inline}.widget-testimonial .des-testimonial .fa{color:#c69f73}.widget-testimonial .des-testimonial:after{border-left:15px solid transparent;border-right:15px solid transparent;border-top:15px solid #c69f73;bottom:-10px;content:"";height:0;left:25px;position:absolute;width:0}.widget-testimonial .author{color:#282828;font-size:16px;font-weight:600;margin-bottom:0;margin-top:20px}.widget-testimonial .group-author-position{overflow:hidden}.widget-testimonial .widgettitle{color:#fff;position:relative;padding-bottom:24px;margin:0;font-size:26px}.widget-testimonial .widgettitle span:after,.widget-testimonial .widgettitle span:before{content:none}.widget-testimonial .widgettitle:after{content:"";border:none;width:100px;height:1px;position:absolute;bottom:0;background:rgba(255,255,255,.5);left:0;right:0;margin:auto;border-width:0}.widget-testimonial .owl-next,.widget-testimonial .owl-prev{top:40%!important;background:0 0!important}.widget-testimonial .rit-testimonial{padding:0}.testimonial_item{display:block}.testimonial_item .img-author{float:left;margin-top:15px;margin-right:15px}.testimonial_item .img-author img{width:80px;height:80px;border:3px solid #FFF;background:#fff}.testimonial_item .testimonial_position{color:#9a9a9f;font-size:12px;margin-top:3px;-webkit-font-smoothing:antialiased}.widget-banner-slider{margin:50px 0}.rit-banners{position:relative}.rit-banners .image-banner{position:absolute;left:30px;bottom:0}.rit-banners .bannertitle{text-transform:uppercase;font-size:26px;color:#fff;margin-bottom:3px;letter-spacing:1px}.rit-banners .bannertitle,.rit-banners .subtitle{opacity:0;visibility:hidden;-webkit-transform:translate3d(-20px,0,0);-ms-transform:translate3d(-20px,0,0);-moz-transform:translate3d(-20px,0,0);transform:translate3d(-20px,0,0);-moz-transition:-moz-transform .4s;-webkit-transition:.4s;-o-transition:.4s;transition:.4s}.rit-banners .subtitle{display:block;margin-top:0;font-size:16px;font-style:italic;letter-spacing:1px;color:rgba(255,255,255,.7);font-family:"Playfair Display"}.rit-banners:hover .bannertitle,.rit-banners:hover .subtitle{-webkit-transform:translate3d(0,0,0);-ms-transform:translate3d(0,0,0);-moz-transform:translate3d(0,0,0);transform:translate3d(0,0,0);opacity:1;visibility:visible;-moz-transition:-moz-transform .4s;-webkit-transition:.4s;-o-transition:.4s;transition:.4s}.service{position:relative;padding:12px 0;cursor:pointer}.service:after,.service:before{content:" ";display:table}.service:after{clear:both}.service:hover .icon-service{-webkit-transition:.4s;-o-transition:.4s;transition:.4s;border:1px solid #6d604c;color:#6d604c}.service .icon-service{float:left;margin-right:10px;width:45px;height:45px;border:1px solid #b3b3b3;border-radius:100%;line-height:42px;text-align:center;color:#b3b3b3}.rtl .service .icon-service{float:right;margin-left:10px;margin-right:inherit}.service .service-description{float:left;width:70%}.rtl .service .service-description{float:right}.service .title-service{text-align:left;text-transform:uppercase;color:#282828}.rtl .service .title-service{text-align:right}.service .description{text-align:left;font-size:13px;margin-top:5px;margin-bottom:0;font-style:italic;line-height:12px}.rtl .service .description{text-align:right}.support{display:block;margin-top:30px}.icon-support{float:left;border-radius:100%;display:block;text-align:center;margin-right:15px;margin-bottom:10px;padding:0}.rtl .icon-support{float:right;margin-left:15px;margin-right:inherit}.icon-support .fa{font-size:24px;line-height:30px;color:#c69f73}.support-description{float:left;width:70%}.rtl .support-description{float:right}.support-description>*{display:inline-block;color:#282828}.support-description .text-support{font-size:14px;margin-bottom:0;margin-top:5px}.support-description .text-support b{text-transform:uppercase;font-weight:400}.newsletters{text-align:center;padding:30px 0}.newsletters .form-newsletter label{padding:15px 10px 15px 0;display:inline-block;font-size:24px;text-transform:uppercase;font-weight:500;line-height:35px;letter-spacing:1px;color:#333}.rtl .newsletters .form-newsletter label{padding-left:10px;padding-right:inherit}.newsletters .descrition{font-size:16px;font-weight:400;padding-bottom:30px;color:#333}.newsletters .descrition span{color:#c69f73}.newsletters .group-input-newsletter{text-align:center;display:inline-block}.newsletters .input-newsletter{width:550px;padding-bottom:30px}.newsletters .input-newsletter input{height:50px;border-radius:0}.newsletters .input-newsletter #mc4wp{border:none;border-bottom:2px solid #ddd;background:0 0;width:97%;padding:0}.newsletters .input-newsletter #mc4wp:focus{border-color:#6d604c}.newsletters .btn-newsletter{letter-spacing:1px;background:#6d604c}.newsletters .btn-newsletter:hover{background:#c69f73}.sidebar .newsletters{padding:0;text-align:left}.sidebar .newsletters .form-newsletter label{border-bottom:1px solid #f1f1f1;font-size:16px;font-weight:500;line-height:18px;margin:0 0 20px;padding-bottom:5px;display:block;font-family:Poppins}.sidebar .newsletters .input-newsletter{width:100%}.sidebar .newsletters .input-newsletter input{height:40px}.sidebar .newsletters .descrition{font-size:14px;color:#707070}.sidebar .newsletters .btn-newsletter{padding-left:10px;padding-right:10px;border-radius:2px!important;letter-spacing:0;text-transform:capitalize}.sidebar .newsletters .group-input-newsletter{display:block}[class*=ion-social-]{width:30px;height:30px;background:0 0;color:#fff;border:2px solid #fff;font-size:14px;display:inline-block;line-height:28px;margin-right:10px;text-align:center;-webkit-transition:.4s;-o-transition:.4s;transition:.4s;border-radius:100%}[class*=ion-social-]:hover{color:#fff;-webkit-transition:.4s;-o-transition:.4s;transition:.4s}.RIT_social .ion-social-facebook:hover{color:#3b5998;border:2px solid #3b5998}.RIT_social .ion-social-googleplus:hover{color:#dd4b39;border:2px solid #dd4b39}.RIT_social .ion-social-twitter:hover{color:#00aced;border:2px solid #00aced}.RIT_social .ion-social-instagram:hover{color:#517fa4;border:2px solid #517fa4}.RIT_social .ion-social-pinterest:hover{color:#cb2027;border:2px solid #cb2027}.RIT_social .ion-social-skype:hover{color:#0078ca;border:2px solid #0078ca}.RIT_social .ion-social-vimeo:hover{color:#aad450;border:2px solid #aad450}.RIT_social .ion-social-youtube:hover{color:#b00;border:2px solid #b00}.RIT_social .ion-social-dribbble:hover{color:#ea4c89;border:2px solid #ea4c89}.RIT_social .ion-social-linkedin:hover{color:#007bb6;border:2px solid #007bb6}.RIT_social .ion-social-rss:hover{color:#F90;border:2px solid #F90}.widget_price_filter{margin-bottom:50px!important}.widget_price_filter .widgettitle{margin-bottom:40px}.widget_price_filter .price_slider{margin:1em 0 2em}.widget_price_filter .price_slider_amount{text-align:right;line-height:2.4;font-size:.8751em}.widget_price_filter .price_slider_amount .button{font-size:1.15em;float:left}.widget_price_filter .ui-slider{position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:.5em;margin-right:.5em}.widget_price_filter .ui-slider .ui-slider-handle{position:absolute;z-index:2;width:16px;height:16px;background-color:#282828;border-radius:0;cursor:ew-resize;outline:0;top:-7px;margin-left:-.5em}.widget_price_filter .ui-slider .ui-slider-range{position:absolute;z-index:1;font-size:.7em;display:block;border:0;border-radius:0;background-color:#282828}.widget_price_filter .price_slider_wrapper .ui-widget-content{border-radius:0;background-color:#ccc;border:0}.widget_price_filter .price_slider_wrapper .button{padding:7px 20px;border-radius:3px}.widget_price_filter .price_slider_wrapper .price_label{font-size:14px}.widget_price_filter .ui-slider-horizontal{height:2px}.widget_price_filter .ui-slider-horizontal .ui-slider-range{top:0;height:2px}.widget_price_filter .ui-slider-horizontal .ui-slider-range-min{left:-1px}.widget_price_filter .ui-slider-horizontal .ui-slider-range-max{right:-1px}.category-banner .cat-des{background:rgba(0,0,0,.6);color:#fff;display:block;left:0;margin:0 10px;padding:15px;position:absolute;right:0;text-align:center;top:75%}.category-banner .cat-count{font-size:14px;color:#d1d1d1}.category-banner .cat-name{color:#fff;font-size:22px;text-transform:uppercase}.category-banner .cat-image{overflow:hidden}.category-banner .cat-image .category_thumb{-webkit-transform:scale(1);-ms-transform:scale(1);-o-transform:scale(1);transform:scale(1);-webkit-transition:.4s;-o-transition:.4s;transition:.4s}.category-banner .cat-image:hover .category_thumb{-webkit-transform:scale(1.1);-ms-transform:scale(1.1);-o-transform:scale(1.1);transform:scale(1.1);-webkit-transition:.4s;-o-transition:.4s;transition:.4s}.blog-recent-post .rit-recent-post{padding:0 15px}.blog-recent-post .rit-recent-post .post-image{padding-bottom:20px}.blog-recent-post .rit-recent-post .entry-header{margin:0;padding:0}.blog-recent-post .entry-content{padding-left:0;padding-right:0;border-bottom:1px solid #eee;color:#666;font-size:13px;line-height:24px;padding-bottom:5px}.blog-recent-post .entry-title{display:inline-block;font-size:16px;padding-bottom:10px;line-height:24px;margin:0}.blog-recent-post .post-date{font-size:12px}.blog-recent-post .article-meta{padding-left:0;padding-right:0;color:#666;font-size:13px;line-height:14px;padding-bottom:0}.post-cat,.post-cat a{color:#c69f73}.blog-recent-post .btn-recent-blog{padding:15px 0;display:block}.sidebar .blog-recent-post .widget-content{padding:0}.sidebar .blog-recent-post .post-image{float:none;width:100%}.sidebar .blog-recent-post .rit-carousel{margin:0 -15px}.content-area,.post-video{margin-bottom:30px}.sidebar .widgettitle span{border:none;padding:0}.author-img>img,.avatar>img{max-width:inherit;border-radius:100%}.archive-blog article{padding:30px 0}.archive-blog article:first-child{padding-top:0}.archive-blog article:last-child{border-bottom:none}.archive-blog .entry-content{text-align:justify}.archive-blog .entry-action{padding-top:5px}.archive-blog .entry-title{font-size:26px}.post-image{text-align:center;padding-bottom:30px}.post-image>*{display:block}.post-image ul li{list-style:none}.post-image .owl-carousel{padding:0;z-index:999}.post-image .owl-carousel .fa{font-weight:700}.post-image .owl-carousel .owl-prev{left:15px;border-width:2px}.post-image .owl-carousel .owl-next{right:15px;border-width:2px}.post-image img{float:none!important}.post-cat{font-weight:500;text-transform:uppercase;position:relative;padding-right:15px}.post-cat:after{content:"/";font-size:10px;position:absolute;right:0;top:-5px;color:#7c7c7e}.post-date{color:#7c7c7e;padding-left:7px}.entry-title,.entry-title>a{color:#282828}.entry-header{padding-left:30px;padding-right:30px}.entry-header>header{display:inline-block}.entry-header .entry_pagination{display:none}.entry-title{display:inline-block;padding-top:0;font-size:36px;line-height:1.2;font-weight:400;margin-top:0}.article-meta span,post-comment span{font-size:12px}.entry-title>a:hover{color:#c69f73}.archive-header .entry-title{padding:15px 0}.article-meta{padding-left:30px;padding-right:30px;padding-bottom:0;line-height:24px}.article-meta .fa{padding-right:10px;color:#6d604c}.rtl .article-meta .fa{padding-left:10px;padding-right:inherit}.article-meta span:first-child{padding-left:0}.rtl .article-meta span:first-child{padding-right:0;padding-left:inherit}post-comment{padding-bottom:25px;line-height:24px}post-comment .fa{padding-right:10px;color:#6d604c}.rtl post-comment .fa{padding-left:10px;padding-right:inherit}post-comment span:first-child{padding-left:0}.rtl post-comment span:first-child{padding-right:0;padding-left:inherit}.tags>span{font-weight:700;font-size:16px}.tags .fa{padding-right:10px;color:#6d604c}.rtl .tags .fa{padding-left:10px;padding-right:inherit}.tags a{color:#c69f73;-webkit-transition:.4s;-o-transition:.4s;transition:.4s;padding:0 5px}#comments .heading,.commentform{padding-bottom:30px}.tags a:hover{text-decoration:underline}.entry-content{padding-left:30px;padding-right:30px;font-size:16px;line-height:28px}.entry-content h1,.entry-content h2,.entry-content h3,.entry-content h4,.entry-content h5,.entry-content h6{margin-bottom:40px;margin-top:30px}.author-img{padding-right:15px}.author-img>img{width:100px}.author-content h5{margin-top:0}.author-content a{font-size:16px;text-transform:capitalize}.author-content .author-social{margin-bottom:5px}.author-content p{max-width:800px;font-size:14px}.post-box-title,.post-box-title>span,.post-title{font-size:16px}#comments .heading{font-size:16px;font-weight:500;text-transform:uppercase}#comments .comment-list{padding:0;margin:0}#comments .comment-list li.comment{border-top:1px solid #f1f1f1;list-style:none;padding:30px 0}#comments .text-user{text-transform:capitalize;font-weight:500}#comments .meta-user{color:#7c7c7e}#comments .meta-user a{color:#7c7c7e;padding-left:5px;padding-right:5px}.rtl #comments .meta-user a{padding-left:5px;padding-right:inherit}#comments .children{padding-left:85px}.rtl #comments .children{padding-right:85px;padding-left:inherit}#comments .children li:first-child{margin-top:20px}#comments .children li:last-child{padding-bottom:0}#comments .comment-author{padding-bottom:10px}#comments .h-info{padding-bottom:30px}#comments .the-comment>.avatar{padding-right:15px}#commentform .form-control{border-width:0 0 1px;padding-left:0}#commentform>*{padding-bottom:15px}#commentform .comment-text{text-transform:lowercase}.post-related{padding:30px 0}.post-box-title{text-transform:uppercase;color:#282828;margin-bottom:25px;font-weight:500}.item-related{padding-top:15px}.item-related img{width:100%}.post-title{margin:10px 0;line-height:24px}.entry_pagination .pagination{padding:20px 0 0;margin:0;border:none}.entry_pagination .pagination .fa{color:#6d604c}.entry_pagination .pagination .page-numbers:hover{background:#6d604c;border:1px solid #6d604c}.entry_pagination .pagination .page-numbers:hover .fa{color:#fff}.form-submit{margin-top:30px}.form-submit:after,.form-submit:before{content:" ";display:table}.form-submit:after{clear:both}@media (max-width:480px){#menu-topbar-menu{float:left;margin:0}#menu-topbar-menu .fa+span,#ri-top-navbar .user-login{display:none}.topbar-hiden #ri-top-navbar{display:block!important}#ri-top-navbar ul>li{padding:7px 15px}#logo{text-align:center}.header-3.header-vertical{position:relative}.header-3.header-vertical .sticky-wrapper{display:none}.menu-vertical #content,.menu-vertical #rit-footer,.menu-vertical .rev_slider_wrapper{margin-left:0!important}.header-4.keep-header{position:static}.header-4.menu-transparent #ri-header{position:relative}.header-4.menu-transparent #ri-header #logo{display:block}.header-4.menu-transparent #ri-header .menu-transparent-logo{display:none}#menu-footer-navigation{display:none!important}.header-content-right{text-align:center}.header-content-right .group-cart-search{float:none}.header-content-right .cart-wrap{float:none;display:inline-block;text-align:center;margin-top:15px}.header-content,.header-content-header,.mobile-cart .group-mini-cart{display:none}.ri-cart .mini-cart{border-left:0;padding:0;text-align:center}.rtl .ri-cart .mini-cart{border-right:0;border-left:inherit}.mobile-cart .ri-cart .mini-cart{margin-top:8px}.wg-custom-heading .text-heading{font-size:25px}.des-testimonial>p{font-size:18px}.newsletters .input-newsletter{width:300px}#ri-menu-primary{display:none!important}.quick-view,.rit-coupon .input-group-addon,.shop_table_responsive.cart .product-name,.shop_table_responsive.cart .product-price,.switch-layout .products-list{display:none}.header-4.keep-header.hide-bar #ri-header{position:absolute!important}.header-4 .header-content-logo{float:none;text-align:center}.footer-4{padding-top:15px}.footer-4 .coppy-right-right.pull-right,.footer-4 .coppy-right.pull-left{float:none!important;text-align:center}.header-full .cart_list{position:relative}.header-full .cart_list li a{margin-right:5px!important}#ri-top-navbar .mobile-cart{padding:0}.attachment-shop_thumbnail.size-shop_thumbnail{height:100%;width:100%}.caroufredsel_wrapper{height:80px!important}.buttons_added{margin-bottom:15px}.product_title{margin-top:30px}.woocommerce-tabs .tab-content{padding:30px}.widget-services-box .des-services{height:auto}.rit-banners{margin-bottom:30px}.product-col{width:100%}.wp-post-image{width:100%;max-width:100%}.shop_table_responsive.cart .input.qty{width:35px!important}.shop_table_responsive td{padding:10px}.shop_table_responsive tr>*{padding:5px}.shop_table_responsive .shipping .amount{float:left;line-height:30px}.shop_table_responsive .shipping .shipping-calculator-button{padding:0;font-size:12px}}@media (min-width:480px) and (max-width:767px){#menu-topbar-menu .fa+span,#ri-top-navbar .user-login,.quick-view{display:none}#menu-topbar-menu{float:left;margin:0 5px 0 0}.rtl #menu-topbar-menu{margin-left:5px;margin-right:inherit}.topbar-hiden #ri-top-navbar{display:block!important}#menu-footer-navigation{display:none!important}.header-3.header-vertical{position:relative}.header-3.header-vertical .sticky-wrapper{display:none}.menu-vertical #content,.menu-vertical #rit-footer,.menu-vertical .rev_slider_wrapper{margin-left:0!important}.header-4.keep-header{position:static}.header-4.menu-transparent #ri-header{position:relative}.header-4.menu-transparent #ri-header #logo{display:block}.header-4.menu-transparent #ri-header .menu-transparent-logo{display:none}#logo,.header-content-right{text-align:center}.header-content-right .group-cart-search{float:none}.header-content-right .cart-wrap{float:none;text-align:center;display:inline-block;margin-top:15px}.ri-cart .mini-cart{border-left:0;padding:0;text-align:center}.rtl .ri-cart .mini-cart{border-right:0;border-left:inherit}.mobile-cart .ri-cart .mini-cart{margin-top:12px}.header-content,.header-content-header,.mobile-cart .group-mini-cart{display:none}#ri-menu-primary{display:none!important}.header-4.keep-header.hide-bar #ri-header{position:absolute!important}.header-4 .header-content-logo{float:none;text-align:center}.footer-4{padding-top:15px}.footer-4 .coppy-right-right.pull-right,.footer-4 .coppy-right.pull-left{float:none!important;text-align:center}.header-full .cart_list{position:relative}.header-full .cart_list li a{margin-right:5px!important}.rit-banners{margin-bottom:30px}}@media (min-width:768px) and (max-width:991px){#menu-topbar-menu .fa+span,#ri-top-navbar .user-login,.mobile-cart .group-mini-cart,.quick-view{display:none}.ri-cart .mini-cart{border:none}.topbar-hiden #ri-top-navbar{display:block!important}.header-3.header-vertical{position:relative}.header-3.header-vertical .sticky-wrapper{display:none}.menu-vertical #content,.menu-vertical #rit-footer,.menu-vertical .rev_slider_wrapper{margin-left:0!important}.header-4.keep-header{position:static}.header-4.keep-header.hide-bar #ri-header{position:absolute!important}.header-4.menu-transparent #ri-header,.header-full .cart_list{position:relative}.header-4 .header-content-logo{float:none;text-align:center}.header-4.menu-transparent #ri-header #logo{display:block}.header-4.menu-transparent #ri-header .menu-transparent-logo,.newsletters .descrition{display:none}#ri-menu-primary{display:none!important}.header-content,.header-content-header{display:none}.footer-4{padding-top:15px}.footer-4 .coppy-right-right.pull-right,.footer-4 .coppy-right.pull-left{float:none!important;text-align:center}.header-full .cart_list li a{margin-right:5px!important}.attachment-shop_thumbnail.size-shop_thumbnail{height:100%;width:100%}.caroufredsel_wrapper{height:80px!important}.woocommerce-tabs .tab-content{padding:30px}.mobile-cart .ri-cart .mini-cart{padding:0;margin-top:7px}.mobile-cart .text-items{position:relative;z-index:99}}@media (min-width:992px) and (max-width:1199px){#menu-topbar-menu .fa+span,#ri-top-navbar .user-login,.blog-recent-post,.slicknav_nav{display:none}.wg-custom-heading .text-heading{font-size:28px}.header-2 .searchform-wrap,.header-3 .searchform-wrap,.header-4 .searchform-wrap{width:250px}.header-3.header-vertical #ri-menu-primary ul>li>ul.mega-sub-menu{min-width:700px}.sidebar .post-image{margin-right:5px}.rtl .sidebar .post-image{margin-left:5px;margin-right:inherit}table>tbody>tr>td,table>tbody>tr>th,table>tfoot>tr>td,table>tfoot>tr>th,table>thead>tr>td,table>thead>tr>th{padding:5px}}@media (min-width:1200px){.add_to_cart_button .fa-shopping-cart,.product_type_variable .fa-shopping-cart,.slicknav_nav{display:none}}
Our company is one of the most preferred service provider of the most qualitative and reliable services for Hydraulic Pump Repair, which is rendered by technical professionals and mechanical engineers who are not only well qualified but who also have a very rich experience. Moreover, we also conduct these Repair work in a highly organized and systematized manner, by which, we first conduct a proper diagnosis of the problem, thereafter suitable solutions are suggested and then repair work is done, in order to meet the expectations of our highly valued customers.
Our company is one of the most preferred service providers of the most qualitative and reliable services for HDD Machine Service and Spares Parts, which is rendered by technical professionals and mechanical engineers who are not only well qualified but who also have a very rich experience. Moreover, we also conduct these Repair work in a highly organized and systematized manner, by which, we first conduct a proper diagnosis of the problem, thereafter suitable solutions are suggested and then repair work is done, in order to meet the expectations of our highly valued customers.
Our organization has earned a sterling position by providing to our customers a comprehensive and admirable Daikin Hydraulic Pump Spares. So as to furnish the altering needs of our patrons, we accurately comprehend their requirements in order to fulfill them precisely.
Assisted by contemporary technical awareness and immense industrial experience, we are able to present Hydraulic Pump Service to our honored patrons. Apart from this, our presented services are imparted in conformity with the needs given by our esteemed patrons. These services are enormously suitable for their on-time completion amid our patrons. For patrons, we are providing these services at rock bottom rates.
Assisted by contemporary technical awareness and immense industrial experience, we are able to present Hydraulic Pump Spares Parts to our honored patrons. Apart from this, our presented services are imparted in conformity with the needs given by our esteemed patrons. These services are enormously suitable for their on-time completion amid our patrons. For patrons, we are providing these services at rock bottom rates.
As a trustworthy service provider of this domain, we are committed to offering our clients a superior assortment of Hydraulic Pump.
In order to provide the optimum satisfaction to our patrons, we are providing a patron specific Hydraulic Pumps Service. These services are processed by using latest tools and sophisticated technology under the firm supervision of highly experienced workers. We are offering these to our clients at affordable prices within the limited period of time. The offered array of services is highly appreciated across the market for their promptness and effective resolution.
In order to provide the optimum satisfaction to our patrons, we are providing a patron specific Ship Hydraulic Pumps Service. These services are processed by using latest tools and sophisticated technology under the firm supervision of highly experienced workers. We are offering these to our clients at affordable prices within the limited period of time. The offered array of services is highly appreciated across the market for their promptness and effective resolution.
Our organization has earned a sterling position by providing to our customers a comprehensive and admirable Parker Hydraulic Pump Service And Spares. So as to furnish the altering needs of our patrons, we accurately comprehend their requirements in order to fulfill them precisely.
We are highly indulged in offering valued clients Die Casting Machines hydraulic pump Service, which is capable for production without any negotiation with quality. The obtainable product array is available in marketplace at very fair cost and delivered within committed time at customers end. Products offered are highly appreciated by clients for its quality like high functionality and precise designs.
Assisted by contemporary technical awareness and immense industrial experience, we are able to present Hydraulic Pump Maintenance Services to our honored patrons. Apart from this, our presented services are imparted in conformity with the needs given by our esteemed patrons. These services are enormously suitable for their on-time completion amid our patrons. For patrons we are providing these services at rock bottom rates.
Sakthi Enterprises Was Established In 2000. Our Company Is Leading Importer & Exporter Of Mining. Earthmoving Marine And Construction Machineries Spares. We Import The Spares From Japan,usa,taiwan,singapore,italy,korea & Dubai Almost Worldwide.
our company is undertaking of mining,earthmoving,marine hydraulics,hdd machieries,injection moulding. All types and brands of hydraulic component service,spares and special attachment provider for above said machineries.
We are the major services & spares provider for MINING,EARTHMOVING,MARINE AND CONSTRUCTION MACHINERIES.we are import the spares from JAPEN,USA,TAIWAN,SINGAPORE,ITALY,KOREA & DUBAI almost worldwide.
We are the major services & spares provider for mining,earthmoving,marine and construction machineries. We are import the spares from japen,usa,taiwan,singapore,italy,korea & dubai almost worldwide.
We Are The Major Services & Spares Provider For Mining,earth Moving,marine And Construction Machineries. We Are Import The Spares From Japan,usa,taiwan,singapore,italy,korea & Dubai Almost Worldwide.
we are the major services & spares provider for mining,earthmoving,marine and construction machineries. We are import the spares from japen,usa,taiwan,singapore,italy,korea & dubai almost worldwide.
We are the major services & spares provider for MINING,EARTHMOVING,MARINE and CONSTUCTION MACHINERIES.We are import the spares from JAPEN,USA,TAIWAN,SINGAPORE,ITALY,KOREA & DUBAI almost worldwide.
-Select Unit-Kilogram Nos Pieces Tons Units 20' Container 40' Container Bags Bag Barrel Barrels Bottles Boxes Bushel Bushels Carat Cartons Dozens Foot Gallon Grams Hectare Kilogram Kilometer Litre Litres Long Ton Meter Metric Ton Metric Tons Nos Ounce Packets Packs Pair Pairs Piece Pieces Pound Reams Rolls Sets Sheets Short Ton Square Feet Square Meters Tons Units -Select Currency- INR - Indian Rupee USD - U.S Dollar GBP - Pound Sterling EUR - Euro AUD - Australian Dollar CAD - Canadian Dollar CHF - Swiss Franc JPY - Japanese Yen HKD - Hong Kong Dollar NZD - New Zealand Dollar SGD - Singapore Dollar NTD - Taiwan Dollar RMB - Renminbi
Scandal-plagued South Korea Buddhist order elects new leader - SEOUL, South Korea -- South Korea's largest Buddhist denomination elected a new leader on Friday (Sept 28) in an uncontested vote that did little to dispel...
Sufi Conference and Festival, 26 to 30 july 2017 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. - There will be a Sufi conference and festival from 26 to 30 july 2017 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. For information see: Pertubuhan Tarekat Muktabar Malaysia an...
Resources for Introduction to Islamic Philosophy - Link to an Amazon list on Islamic Philosophy Below is Lecture 1 by Sheikh Dr. Shomali on Introduction to Islamic Philosophy; a series of lectures given fo...
Chinese scholars call out Dalai Lama over - separatist' stance - May 23, 2016 will mark the 65th anniversary of the peaceful liberation of Tibet by the People's Republic of China. Tibet is one of China's autonomous reg...
Looking for the perfect Bridesmaid, Best Friend, Sister, Mother-in-law, indulging yourself, gift?This silver frame clutch purse is roomy enough for all of the essentials: keys, cell phone, makeup, small camera and credit cards, yet small enough to take with you anywhere and everywhere! Sturdy shiny silver nickel large ball kisslock frame. Lined with coordinating Kona cotton or you can request the lining color. I have found that Kona cotton is the most durable lining, no snags like satin or silk....
Taking over Children's Immortality Internet Education Rights and . .... Children's Psychic Network: an Internet Coup for those who were created to die . ...
Adsense Ads Work from Home Save Gas + Water Car Hydrogen Gas Technology for free clean reusable recyclable h2o Burning Water no CO2 fuel for Humanity I decided to take over the Internet and the entire human mind to prevent death from happening to all humans!
At the Gateless Barrier, I play the old tunes on my bamboo flute./It's cold at night and everybody weeps to hear the ancient songs./Yet Zen is without sentiment.
"Great Nature, Great Manifestation, Great Realization." What does this mean? Every aspect of this life, which is Zen Enlightenment itself, is "great." Whether wonderful or terrifying or both it always "is" in a way that cannot be explained. Just try to explain it. Can you, or can't you?
It's just like when Master Ko Bong shouted "That's it! Ha, ha, ha, ha!" and broke his fan. Do you get it, or not? If you can tell me what you get, I'll bow to you. If you can't, I'll call you my Master. Either way, you win.
For more notes, poems and aphorisms: go here. See also 老虎: Lao Hu. Contact me at jyakunen(at)gmail.com.
I've begun building a small tea room in the old style. Here, I plan to conduct the simplest and most ancient form of the Zen tea ceremony.
"Cool in summer, warm in winter; flowers from the field; prepare for rain; enjoy a sip of tea together."
This will be good place to sit and drink tea and listen to rain clattering on the roof. "After all there is no difficulty in tea, only enjoyment." (Kaji Aso)
Shamanic Tiger Zen Temple, in the majestic Pacific Northwest rainforest, revives the direct realization and training methods of ancient Zen.
There is nothing in the world bigger than the tip of an autumn hair, and Mount T'ai is little. No one has lived longer than a dead child, and P'eng-tsu died young. Heaven and earth were born at the same time I was, and the ten thousand things are one with me. -Master Chuang-Tzu
Show me the location of this Buddha! What kind of shoes does he wear? If he goes barefoot, do his feet get dirty? Does he shiver in the winter?
In Zen there is always an instant when the "mind" stops and you break out in a cold, shivering sweat at the sheer vividness of This!
Joshu's "Mu" is really just the "natural freedom of the myriad Buddhas" and is in itself clear about everything. There is no point in trying to make anything special out of it.
This afternoon clumps of snow are falling from the tops of the tall Douglas firs. Crows are taunting each other wickedly. A big cloud just covered the sun. Ah!
Ch'an master Hui Chueh of Lang Yeh mountain had a woman disciple who called on him for instruction. The master taught her to examine into the words: "Take no notice." She followed his instruction strictly without backsliding.
One day, her house caught fire, but she said: "Take no notice.'" Another day, her son fell into the water and when a bystander called her, she said: "Take no notice.'"She observed exactly her master's instruction by laying down all causal thoughts.
One day, after her husband lit the fire to make fritters of twisted dough, she threw into the pan full of boiling oil a batter which made a noise. Upon hearing the noise, she was instantaneously enlightened. Then she threw the pan of oil on the ground, clapped her hands and laughed.
She replied: "Take no notice." Then she went to master Hui Chueh and asked him to verify her achievement.
This great dish is one of those uncommon vegetarian dishes. Great flavors meets unique and uncommon ingredients. I love mushrooms and I hope you will enjoy the trumpet mushrooms as much as i did. Fire it up!!!
Combine water and rice in pan; bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 18 minutes or until liquid is absorbed. Cool 10 minutes. Add rice to lentils.
Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add bell pepper, onion, fennel seeds, and garlic to pan; saute 2 minutes or until tender. Cool 10 minutes. Add to rice. Add mozzarella cheese and remaining ingredients, stirring until well combined. Let stand for 10 minutes.
Wipe skillet clean with paper towels. Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in skillet over medium heat. Spoon half of rice mixture by 1/3-cupfuls into pan, spreading to form 6 (3-inch) circles; cook 5 minutes or until lightly browned. Carefully turn cakes over; cook 5 minutes on other side. Remove cakes from pan. Repeat procedure with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and remaining rice mixture.
Add the onion, garlic, eggplant, zucchini, salt, and pepper. Cook 8 minutes, stirring, until softened and cooked down.
Based in Newberg, Oregon, We proudly serve the insurance needs of Oregon, Washington, and California. A family-owned and operated agency since 1958, Hopp Insurance truly is “insurance you can trust.''
Om Sukheenai operates Chehalem Insurance Associates, LLC as an independent insurance agency which gives the great advantages of freedom to seek out best benefits that meet clients' needs with no limit
Insurance Agent offering asset and income protection through Property, Casualty, Life & Health Education and Services.
Financial Representative offering Life, Disability, Long Term Care, Business, Farm, Auto and Home and Financial Services. Many people dream about how their lives will change in the years to come.
Financial Representative offering Property & Casualty Insurance products, Life Insurance, Education & Retirement Planning and Investment Solutions
I am an independent insurance agent. Offering a vast array of companies to help customize a policy to fit your home, auto or business insurance needs.
We offer unique opportunities for families to create healing moments after loss. Our experience, coupled with our perspective on the importance of ceremony, will help you discover ways to pay tribute.
Our mission is to help people manage the risks of everyday life, recover from the unexpected and realize their dreams.
33+ years of insurance experience serving Yamhill County and beyond. Let us quote your auto, home or business and receive 2 free movie tickets *NO PURCHASE NECESSARY*
We are a locally-owned Independent Insurance Agency, working with you to find the best coverage at the lowest cost.
The leaders that form the Chamber—from nearly 400 area business—build and strengthen our economy while garnering local support and creating lasting business relationships.
School's Mission : The school will enable students to excel in academics and also recognize their full potential and develop good habits so that they can contribute towards the progress of the world.
Delhi Public School has been serving the Society in the field of education for the last 64 years. There are presently as many as 140 Schools under its aegis both in and Outside India.
The growing number of schools under this society signifies how the need to provide meaningful education to a large number of children desirous of growing into educated & liberated human beings has been fulfilled.
It is a pleasure of the bee to gather honey from the flower. And it is the pleasure of the flower to yield honey to the bee. It is the pleasure of the consumer to thank both the bee and the flower.
434 download multicultural education in a pluralistic society 9th edition pdf no short description download multicultural education in a pluralistic society 9th edition pdf because this is pdf file * PDF *
438 essential experiments for chemistry a book review pdf no short description essential experiments for chemistry a book review pdf because this is pdf file * PDF *
440 exam answers for basic scaffold course no short description exam answers for basic scaffold course because this is pdf file * PDF *
441 unconventional warfare rediscovering government series no short description unconventional warfare rediscovering government series because this is pdf file * PDF *
442 athens in the age of alexander the dated laws decrees of the lykourgan era 338322 b c no short description athens in the age of alexander the dated laws decrees of the lykourgan era 338322 b c because this is pdf file * PDF *
443 with strings attached a story no short description with strings attached a story because this is pdf file * PDF *
453 the basic ways of knowing the basic ways of knowing no short description the basic ways of knowing the basic ways of knowing because this is pdf file * PDF *
459 chapter 18 guided reading answers ap bio no short description chapter 18 guided reading answers ap bio because this is pdf file * PDF *
460 intermediate accounting 13th edition solutions manual no short description intermediate accounting 13th edition solutions manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
461 veil and burn national poetry series no short description veil and burn national poetry series because this is pdf file * PDF *
465 murder is easy superintendent battle book 4 no short description murder is easy superintendent battle book 4 because this is pdf file * PDF *
466 book analysis before summary reading no short description book analysis before summary reading because this is pdf file * PDF *
468 statistical method from the viewpoint of quality control walter a shewhart no short description statistical method from the viewpoint of quality control walter a shewhart because this is pdf file * PDF *
470 our lives our fortunes and our sacred honour the lives of the signers to the declaration of independence no short description our lives our fortunes and our sacred honour the lives of the signers to the declaration of independence because this is pdf file * PDF *
472 motion leadership the skinny on becoming change savvy no short description motion leadership the skinny on becoming change savvy because this is pdf file * PDF *
474 Ushnamekhala by Kakkanadan no short description Ushnamekhala by Kakkanadan because this is pdf file * PDF *
475 owners manual for 2006 ford mustang no short description owners manual for 2006 ford mustang because this is pdf file * PDF *
478 taught by the billionaire exploring all my holes cheating young wife with older man at a party first time no short description taught by the billionaire exploring all my holes cheating young wife with older man at a party first time because this is pdf file * PDF *
480 the new father a dads guide to the first year new father series no short description the new father a dads guide to the first year new father series because this is pdf file * PDF *
483 laws of exponents practice questions no short description laws of exponents practice questions because this is pdf file * PDF *
486 database systems the complete 2nd edition solutions manual no short description database systems the complete 2nd edition solutions manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
491 april activity planner five weekly units and activities including armchair traveling gardening laughter siblings and tennis anyone no short description april activity planner five weekly units and activities including armchair traveling gardening laughter siblings and tennis anyone because this is pdf file * PDF *
501 basic and advanced sciences for anaesthetic practice prepare for the frca key articles from the anaesthesia and intensive care medicine journal no short description basic and advanced sciences for anaesthetic practice prepare for the frca key articles from the anaesthesia and intensive care medicine journal because this is pdf file * PDF *
502 the maniacs guide to the biggles books no short description the maniacs guide to the biggles books because this is pdf file * PDF *
513 feisty princess episode two no short description feisty princess episode two because this is pdf file * PDF *
517 oddball texas a guide to some really strange places oddball series no short description oddball texas a guide to some really strange places oddball series because this is pdf file * PDF *
520 modelling simulation and software concepts for scientific technological problems lecture notes in applied and computational mechanics no short description modelling simulation and software concepts for scientific technological problems lecture notes in applied and computational mechanics because this is pdf file * PDF *
521 arithmetical word problem solving after frontal lobe damage a cognitive neuropsychological approach no short description arithmetical word problem solving after frontal lobe damage a cognitive neuropsychological approach because this is pdf file * PDF *
522 casebook of neuropsychiatry 1st first edition published by amer psychiatric pub 2013 no short description casebook of neuropsychiatry 1st first edition published by amer psychiatric pub 2013 because this is pdf file * PDF *
“Building a Culture”: The Construction and Evolution of Venture Philanthropy as a New Organizational Field Nonprofit and Voluntary Sector Quarterly Northern America 2008
Strengthening Grantee Effectiveness: The Hyde Family Foundations Grantmakers for Education Northern America 2008
Grants to Individuals: Investing in People and their Communities GrantCraft (Ford Foundation) Northern America 2008
We use Cookies to make your visit to our site as convenient as possible. If you continue to view the pages without changing your settings, it will be assumed that you accept all Cookies on the Gazprom Neft site. You can also click “I agree” to hide this message. You can, of course, change your Cookie settings at any time by adjusting your browser.
The sludge is decomposed at a high temperature in an oxygen-free environment into its component parts: oil, water, and mechanical impurities (clay, sand, and metal oxides). The oil produced during the process is completely ready for transport and sale. The resulting water can be used without any additional purification. The mechanical impurities extracted include cleaned subsoil which can be used as a building material in road construction or as backfill in the foundations of well pads. Associated petroleum gas (APG), which is separated during sludge processing, is used to power the facility. Processing is carried out without releasing the products of combustion into the atmosphere.
SigmaCommissioning™ is the key technology of BES&T. It is the process of integrating all commissioning functions of a new plant into a single program to transition plant systems from a construction environment to an operational plant environment. Each major Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) has defined procedures for commissioning. Until SigmaCommissioning™, these procedures were not coordinated with other plant activities.
BES&T engineers have made a science out of understanding the condition of each major component of a plant at the completion of construction. BES&T engineers also rigorously studied the condition of these same components after stable plant operation has been achieved. Based on this knowledge, BES&T engineers devised specialized technologies to rapidly drive plant systems from a construction site condition to a stable operational state. In crafting these technologies, BES&T devised methods that integrated separate commissioning functions into a single solution. BES&T engineers worked closely with all major OEMs to insure that all OEM requirements were met or exceeded.
Integration of commissioning activities into a single integrated program saves time, fuel, and labor. These BES&T procedures reduce environmental impact and provide greater assurance of a consistent result with each application.
Individual BES&T technologies for the commissioning of steam systems in power plant and petrochemical facilities include:
FrothFlush™ – A flushing process that displaces short slugs of frothed water through condensate, closed cooling water, boiler feedwater and fuel gas piping systems at velocities in excess of 25 feet per second.
SigmaClean™ – A degreasing and passivation process the removes hydrocarbon contamination from system surfaces while converting iron oxides to desirable magnetite.
SigmaSolv™ – A process that degreases, pickles and passivates system metal surfaces at moderate temperatures with a single volume fill.
SigmaBlow™ – A steamblow process that utilizes a temporary bypass system to remove both particulate and nonparticulate contamination from steam prior to the discharge of the steamblow exhaust into the plant condenser.
Individual BES&T technologies for the commissioning of process systems in petrochemical facilities include:
FrothFlush™ – A flushing process that displaces short slugs of frothed water through process piping systems at velocities in excess of 25 feet per second.
BES&T’s methods and equipment have innovated the commissioning of every large-scale project worldwide. Our processes have been vetted and approved by all major vendors.
But did they pay off? Here are my brief thoughts on Demons Never Die, Detention Night, Serial Kaller, Him, Red Eye, and The Last Heist. DEMONS NEVER DIE (2011) So, I watched this one after seeing The Killing Gene, specifically … Continue reading →
We’re making your dreams come true in our no experience necessary Music Camp! Students take our stage and learn the fundamentals of Guitar, Piano, Drums, Bass, Keyboard and Vocals. It’s a ROCKSTAR summer! NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY! • Explore guitar, bass, drums, and more! • Perform live in front of an audience! • Your group writes their own song • Learn to play rock classics • Create a unique band name • Design a band logo • Draw your own concert poster
Welcome to cialisalto.com. Currently you are looking for information about Charming Sherwin Williams Exterior Paint Color Schemes which we know that this information is much searched on the search engine as an interesting topic.
Charming Sherwin Williams Exterior Paint Color Schemes found on this page can be the foundation for your concept and design, therefore it can serve as your inspiration. For additional information, that when we find it, we also like it as much as you do. We believe you also have different perceptions of us because of the breadth of thought and analysis, but of course, we hope that this information can add and help your reference about Charming Sherwin Williams Exterior Paint Color Schemes.
This information was added by admin on: January 17th, 2018. Thank you for visiting, make sure you also find other information on this website and you do not hesitate to return to cialisalto.com.
Hernán tells the first time he saw a dead man, and how he got interested in death once the political violence arrived his town. He also tells about one night he spent in the beautiful ...
Insurance is apart of our everyday lives, and the current systems in place, of filing a claim and waiting or someone else to get back to you, are the same systems from when insurance first became widespread. Artificial intelligence is up and coming in many sectors, including the insurance sector. Chatbots and artificial intelligence programs and systems are being formed and tested to help lessen the amounts of effort and time needed to file a claim, and to get results.
Driverless cars are becoming a reality due to newfound necessity. Several other countries including China, are a lot farther along than the United States in the driverless car sector...
In high school kids are taught the so-called essentials. Students focus on reading, writing, mathematics, sciences and so on. The mastering of these subjects is expected to prepare students for the world and, hopefully, lead them to a fulfilling career.
For so long, Americans have defined jobs in one of two categories: white collar and blue collar. Those lines are blurring thanks to the rapid advancements in technology. The “white collar” tech industry and the non-tech “blue collar” industries are both struggling to find people with the skills they need to bring them into the future. But it looks like that’s about to change. Many tech industry leaders and educators are urging people to stop thinking in terms of white collar or blue collar but
800 million global workers will lose their jobs by 2030; that'll be one-fifth of the global workforce affected. In the US alone: 39 to 73 million jobs may be eliminated by 2030. India will only have about 9% of jobs replaced by emerging technologies. Jobs requiring human interaction such as doctors, lawyers, teachers, and bartenders are seen by McKinsey as less prone to automation. Specialized lower-wage jobs, such as gardening, plumbing, and care work, will also be less affected by
Education Unbound was honored with the presence of Mayor Fuller, keynote speaker at the Take Off! event, October 8th, at the Eisemann Center, Richardson. If you missed his speech, here's what he said: On behalf of our City Council and the entire community, it is my honor and privilege to be here at the launch event for Education Unbound. McKinney has always prided itself on an incredible quality of life. This community is truly a special place to call home. One of the most important
We know there is a disconnect regarding equal access to education opportunity. But where can we really point the blame?
Imagine this: no homework, no report cards, no classrooms. It’s often a shared dream among young students. But here’s the thing: this is no dream. In fact, this is becoming the reality for more and more young people.
An analysis of ENGAGE Talent tenure data shows that an already tight labor market has likely only continued to tighten over the past 18 months.
Education Unbound is a Tax Exempt organization under the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 501 (c) (3)..
At age 14, the Brantford resident suffered a stroke as the result of a motor vehicle accident. She then spent many years feeling useless, faced with barriers to her mobility and her success.
After high school, Lesley attended college but facing issues with accessibility, and negative attitudes of staff and administration, she left without completing her diploma. With a settlement from the accident, Lesley had financial support to live her life.
But she still felt something was missing. When she heard about a new treatment for people suffering from head injuries, and upon meeting an inspirational person who overcame a disability to do post-graduate studies, Lesley decided it was time to go back to school.
She was faced with further setbacks when, due to course changes, she had to complete 11 credits, instead of the five she expected. She stayed committed and her experiences made her realize that people with disabilities needed stronger advocates.
Upon finishing her diploma, Lesley started a Human Rights and Human Diversity degree program at Laurier Brantford.
Some people have told her that she won’t be able to get a job with her education, but Lesley says she’s not concerned. “If I don’t get a job, at least I spent my time learning something,” she said.
Lesley is working hard to complete her education, and is considering following up with her Master’s degree. She also wants to learn French to see if she can earn an internship with the UN Disability Committee.
Her previous negative experiences have motivated her to fight for the rights of people with disabilities, and she encourages all people to overcome their challenges and stay committed to their goals.
Better way to organize all fee template. Manage and assign different template. Functionality to notify student and parent for late fee reminder. Features like fee collection, fee discount adjustment , import/export functionality all together at dashboard. Interactive UI with better filter to search fee record and it's status.
Better flexibility to import or export fee records that can reduce extra effort to enter fee records.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Promaxusa claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Happy Tuesday! I hope everyone had a great Labor Day weekend! Ours was great! We had a ton of fun soaking up the sun at the pool and spending some quality time with family. We also got a lot of things done around the house. Cora's playroom is complete and I cannot wait to share photos of the room with you! But more on that later, promise!
Until then, I wanted to share with you guys my uniform during this Summer-to-Fall time period. It's one of my favorite times of year when the temps are roughly around the mid to high 70s and it's the perfect weather to wear flats with shorts. I've been living in my Old Navy cuffed shorts all Summer long and I don't plan to stop wearing them until it's time to bust out jeans. And with this Zara shirt (or any button-down shirt/blouse), it's a great way to transition into the Fall months without getting too warm. Add some jewelry, new and old (vintage really), along with a shopper tote, and my look is complete: casual but polished. That's really all I want in an everyday look.
Thank you so much for taking the time to leave a comment! I enjoy hearing from you, so keep the comments coming!
There's a real bloom (a single spider mum) in the background. Going strong at 2 weeks. I know, I know. You're thinking, "fau...
We're making a list and checking it twice! I’ve teamed up with an amazing group of bloggers to give YOU a chance to win: a $750 Amaz...
I found your listing at PropertyFinderPH.com. Please send me more information about Metro Manila, Pasig (ID ref # 15433). Thank you.
recognize the sound of letter v school worksheets dont grow dendrites webinar for 2nd grade reading,worksheets for 2nd grade writing 1st graders math reading words starting with letter v beginning consonant,letter v worksheets luxury best lowercase for 3rd grade english 5th with answer key worksheetworks calendar,worksheets for 5th grade english uppercase letter v color by worksheet preschool pdf 2nd,worksheets for 2nd grade english kindergarten free letter v activities book and 5 writing,worksheets for preschool free alphabet letter v letters and numbers org 1st grade printable dont grow dendrites webinar,worksheets for 3rd grade science kindergarten reading preschool letter b v pictures,worksheets for 1st grade free printable 3rd science letter v do a dot worksheet 5th english,worksheets for 4th grade math 1st writing coloring pages lowercase letters letter v free 3rd english,worksheets dont grow dendrites printable letter v for preschool kindergarten 1st grade english science pdf.
Our Team of Tech Experts uses scientific methods to test, evaluate, and enhance the quality of your indoor environment. A customized program is designed for your specific facility or home.
Our unique solutions utilize eco-friendly, non-toxic, non-allergenic, non-leaching food-safe products and applications.
"The more products we make and sell to other countries, the more we make right here in America." - Pres. #Obama 2010-01-28
Who doesn't love a tea party? I have created a tea caddy, a table setting caddy and tea menu using Deflecto's storage cubes and frame. Read on and I will show you how I made them!
First up is the tea caddy. I started out with a four drawer storage cube and decoupaged it with vintage tissue paper and paper flowers that I made.
1. Get started by taking a sheet of your chosen tissue paper and wadding it up into a ball. Smooth it back out into a flat sheet, but leave in the wrinkles! Cut a 6" wide piece of tissue, x the full length of the sheet. Apply decoupage medium to one side of the cube and press one end of the tissue paper into the wet medium. Make sure to line up all of the edges. Repeat around the entire Cube. Cut extra and repeat the process if you need to. Gently smooth the paper with your hands. Allow to dry and then apply a top coat of the decoupage medium. Allow to dry thoroughly.
Make the flowers or other embellishments you may be using. I punched out the circles from the various colored cardstock. Everything shown was cut from the circles, layered and adhered using the dimensional adhesive tabs.
I created the menu on the computer and embellished the frame with the flowers. Each is attached with a dimensional adhesive.
The X-Divider Cube has the tissue paper decoupaged to it as for the 4-drawer cube. After it is dry; attach the embellishment to the top corner as shown. There are now four divided areas to place napkins, table service, stirrers, straws, etc.
The teapot shown in the vignette below is one I made in a ceramics class years ago. It 's hard to find a shop where it is possible to purchase greenware and craft your own ceramic pieces these days.
I hope you got some inspiration here today and will try decorating some storage cubes and frames. There are many patterns in tissue paper these days, and your imagination is the only limit.
Products used can be purchased at Amazon.com, or you can click HERE and enter your zip code to see where you can purchase Deflecto Craft products near you.
According to media the US space program is facing financial difficulties, one day an astronaut will call to Datel for help...
Tickets are available at the door on Tuesday, November 13th @ the Buffalo Niagara Convention Center.
We are excited to announce that we have adopted a platoon, Charlie Company, that will directly benefit from your efforts! Keep an eye out for (suggestion: email us to join our listserve!) our next tabling events of the semester and write a letter or make a card for a soldier! We will be accepting donations as well as $$ donations for the postage of the package of letters & goodies! So feel free to donate $$$, letters, or comfort items like books, comics, snack foods, etc! See the bookmark flyer with donation suggestions below!Also, stop by our table for information about becoming a pen-pal with a soldier & keep an eye out for more of our Letters for Our Heroes events, we will be selling more plants for just $1 as we get them!!
**Please keep in mind that you can contact us to schedule a time & place for us to pick-up donations! Thank you so much for your kindness!**
The Peace Ribbon was displayed at the University of Florida at the Plaza of the Americas - Tuesday, Nov. 30th
A FREE Peace Ribbon Workshop was also held that Tuesday evening in Reitz Union Room B60 (Basement level)
Participants made their own Peace Ribbon Panel to honor the soldiers and civilians who've died in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
UF students added their creative vision of peace to the Peace Ribbon Display that has traveled all over the country since 2005.
Along with many others, CodePINK marched in protest of the kind of thinking that lead to Pastor Terry Jones' call to celebrating 9/11 as "Burn a Qur'an Day". Unfortunately, because of the media it seems in the public's eye to be that, if given enough air time, the some of a group does represent the whole. (As we see with Islamophobia). We all know that the some hardly ever does represent the whole. That was what the 300+ people marched that day knew and hoped to represent; that Gainesville is tolerant and that the voice given to Pastor Jones and his church by the media is not the voice of Gainesville. Although this small church's rights are respected, this protest's core message was that Dove Outreach's actions are not going to be complacently accepted by the Gainesville community. Campus CodePINK stands against these actions of hate; that encourage intolerant, unequal treatment of others; that put our troops and citizens in greater danger, and that attempts, through fear, to gain power in unrelated matters that are clearly discriminatory.
Campus CodePink at UF co-sponsored, helped organize, as well as participated in their workshops and the amazing parade!! It was tons of fun and a lo of great connections were made. The only thing that could've have made it any better is if more people--students & citizens of Gainesville--were involved and impacted! We are always trying to reach more people and that will continue to be a goal of ours! Thank you to everyone who made this possible and enjoyed this fabulous opportunity and event of an amazing tour! Also, there was a blog written on The Gainesville Sun's website, a picture published in The Independent Florida Alligator from a preview-mini-parade to promote for the "real deal", and there is also a blog written by one of the Backbone Campaign coordinator/volunteer, Caitilin Perry; all links are provided below! And furthermore, enjoy the photos in the slideshows by Citizen Swaine (from Flickr) and I!
Campus CodePINK for Peace marched with Equality Is Gainesville's Business in oppostition of Charter Amendment 1! Against discrimination!
Campus CODEPINK marched with the group Equality is Gainesville's Business and Students for Change, among other students from across campus, from Turlington Plaza to Tigert Hall (the University's administration building near Little Hall) where we presented a representative of the University Administration with a letter affirming the student body's opposition to the discriminatory Charter Amendment 1 and urging for the University to do the same. The charter would basically prevent the Gainesville Commission from protecting sexual preference, gender identity, students and veterans from discrimination. For example, this means apartment complexes could discriminate against undergrad students with rent among many other things. It's stupid and overall could prevent progress, so we showed our support for voting NO on March 24th.Check out the pics in our Photo Gallery and here's the article in the Gainesville Sun:Students march against amendment
Last Modified: Friday, February 20, 2009 at 7:34 p.m.About 75 University of Florida students, faculty and members of the group Equality is Gainesville's Business marched to Tigert Hall Friday afternoon in opposition to Gainesville Charter Amendment 1.
The march started with a short speech in Turlington Plaza and then made its way down Union Road, making a short detour into the Plaza of the Americas.
Garrett Garner, UF campus coordinator for Equality is Gainesville's Business, rallied the crowd against the amendment with repeated shouts of, "How are you going to vote?" to which the crowd responded with a resounding "No!"
Marchers chanted, "Hey hey, ho ho. Amendment 1 has got to go," as members of the University of Florida Police Department rode by on bicycles.
If passed, Charter Amendment 1 would force the city to recast its anti-discrimination ordinance to mirror the Florida civil rights act, which does not protect against discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
Currently the Florida civil rights act protects against discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, handicap and marital status in the areas of employment, housing, credit and public accommodation.
Members of Equality is Gainesville's Business say they're concerned that Charter Amendment 1 will strip both the LBGT (lesbian, bisexual, gay and transgender) community and veterans of their current civil rights.
"Charter Amendment 1 would allow discrimination of gays in a workplace or renting an apartment," said Jacob Smith, a freshman political science major and a member of Equality is Gainesville's Business. "This would affect gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender students at UF."
Equality is Gainesville's Business is a political action committee made up of UF students and members of the Gainesville community with the goal of raising awareness about the amendment's potential impact. Garner said his organization's objective is to "get the facts out."
A.J. Hall, college leader and administrative assistant to Gainesville's Victory Church, said he will vote "yes" on the amendment to avoid potential "negative consequences" of Gainesville's Gender Identity Ordinance of 2008.
Hall said the ordinance's definition of gender identity, especially relating to transgender individuals, is too vague.
Gender identity, as defined by the ordinance, refers to "an inner sense of being a specific gender, or the expression of a gender identity by verbal statement, appearance or mannerisms ... with or without regard to the individual's designated sex at birth."
"There has to be some kind of better assessment for what constitutes a transgender, something more substantial than a simple verbal affirmation," Hall said.
Campus CodePINK and Gainesville CodePINK held a Kiss-In at the National Guard Recruiting office! Check out the pics too! Let's bring our FLA Guard home!
Last Modified: Saturday, February 14, 2009 at 11:22 p.m.While many spent Valentine's Day with a loved one, members of Code Pink for Peace and numerous volunteers made a broader gesture than flowers and chocolates.
With a banner that read, "Don't enlist, stay and kiss, that way everyone makes out," it was hard to miss the activists outside the National Guard recruiting office at 319 NW 13th St. on Saturday afternoon.
Michelle Harris, 20, president of Campus Code Pink for Peace, said she and other volunteers were picketing at recruiting offices as part of a nationwide protest.
"We call on motherly compassion and empathy to end the war and bring our soldiers home safely," Harris said. "This is our way of creatively sharing the love."
Some women who are part of Code Pink for Peace have children currently enlisted or who were war casualties, Harris said.
Code Pink for Peace also gets much support from veterans who have endorsed the cause, Harris said. Iraq Veterans Against the War, also known as IVAW, is an influential supporter, she said.
Jorge Alvarez, 24, is a veteran and represented IVAW at the protest. He enlisted when he was 18 years old and has been out of the service now for a year and nine months.
"I was based out of California and went to Iraq twice," Alvarez said. "I have been involved with IVAW since."
Standing next to a sign that read, "Honk if you love soldiers and hate war," Jacque Betz, local coordinator for Code Pink, got a number of honks from cars that drove by.
"There is no legal standing for our guard to fight a war on foreign soil," Betz said. "We want to bring our Florida guard home."
Michael Heaney, assistant UF professor in political science and one of those participating on Saturday, said has been involved with the anti-war movement since 2002.
"I think Code Pink is the most important anti-war organization in America," Heaney said. "They are a brave group of people to stand up to the government, to stick up for peace, and I want to be a part of that."
To celebrate National Library Week, Sarasota County Libraries is hosting a week long series of events designed for the public to ‘Discover Local Authors’ - Created by Don - In category: Human Interest, Sarasota - Bradenton - Tagged with: - Don411.com Media :: Performing Arts News Unabridged -
You are here: Home / Human Interest / Sarasota - Bradenton / To celebrate National Library Week, Sarasota County Libraries is hosting a week long series of events designed for the public to ‘Discover Local Authors’
To celebrate National Library Week, Sarasota County Libraries is hosting a week long series of events designed for the public to ‘Discover Local Authors’
SARASOTA COUNTY – To celebrate National Library Week, Sarasota County Libraries is hosting a week long series of events designed for the public to ‘Discover Local Authors’.
Starting April 13, five area libraries will host nearly 30 authors from across the literary spectrum, each with their own unique and interesting work. Each author calls the region home and represents a literary voice unique to Southwest Florida.
Library patrons will have the opportunity to engage the authors one-on-one, discuss their projects, their influences and purchase copies of their books.
“This is a wonderful chance to discover how much literary talent we have in Sarasota County and the region,” said Sarasota County Libraries adult services coordinator Ellen India. “The authors we have taking part in this event offer something for everyone. Whether you like fiction, poetry, non-fiction, history, travel, adventure or all of the above, this is the event for you.”
National Library Week, sponsored by the American Library Association, is an effort to highlight and celebrate public libraries and their importance in their communities. Sarasota County is observing that effort by offering this exciting chance to mingle with local authors.
More information can also be found by calling the Sarasota County Contact Center at 941-861-5000, or by visiting www.scgov.net.
Previous article Review of Asolo Repertory Theatre’s new production of Pulitzer Prize Winner Nilo Cruz’s Sotto Voce; directed by Melissa Kievman, starring Marcel Mascaro and Hannia Guillen
Next article The HuB Agency and The Early Learning Coalition have collaborated to initiate MyFirstBackPack.org
La Musica International Chamber Music Festival announces changes to board of directors, musicians and dates for 2019 season
Thursday October 4 from 5-8:30pm (Washington, DC): In partnership with The Outrage, EXO performs at the renowned Phillips Collection as a part of their Phillips After 5 series
Masala Giving Circle Grants Funds to Improve the Quality of Life for African-Americans in Sarasota and Manatee counties
Brazzers and Digital Playground Announce Exclusive Collaborations with Stormy Daniels; The renowned adult starlet is poised for release of upcoming scenes and new directing role
Brazzers ‘Big Moments’ Black Friday campaign could marry your fiancé, impregnate your wife or take you to the biggest sporting event of the year
THE JOFFREY BALLET opens the HOLIDAY Season WITH RETURN OF CHRISTOPHER WHEELDON’S NEWLY REIMAGINED THE NUTCRACKER At the Auditorium Theatre, in 33 performances, December 1-30, 2017
Asolo Rep Announces 2017-18 IllumiNation Series; Kicks off with Spanish Supertitled EVITA on December 6
Blues Rocker Albert Cummings To Release CD/DVD/Blu-ray “Live at the ‘62 Center” Tuesday, December 5th
Community Foundation of Sarasota County Grants $322,924 in Funding to Local Nonprofit Organizations for Hurricane Irma Recovery
VÉRITÉ and Pell have collaborated on a re-release of the alt-pop songstress’ soaring track “Bout You,” which premiered exclusively on The Fader
The From Cradle to College Foundation, Inc. is today delighted to announce that a statewide implementation of the new PEARLS program – introduced by The Early Learning Coalition of Manatee County (ELC) last year – is now awaiting the signature of Governor Rick Scott
Cleanzine: your weekly cleaning and hygiene industry news 15th October 2015 Issue no. 695. Your industry news - first Number 1 for Recruitment
METALEX 2013 Product Bulletin #2. The second product bulletin that features highlights and technologies that will be exhibited at "METALEX 2013," ASEAN's largest
This blogs is an effort to club the scattered information about engineering and project titles and ideas available in the web. While every effort is made to ensure
The CEEC Roadmap is a template designed to be used to develop a strategy for mine to mill energy efficiency on any mine site. The document reports on the findings of
Health & Safety Executive is part of the Occupational Health & Safety Information Service's online subscription. Bringing you a comprehensive selection of legislation
Related articles: LOESCHE New order for cement mill including COPE gearbox Cementos Moctezuma, Mexico commissions Loesche from Duesseldorf/Germany with the delivery
Technology: There are two basic types of cement production processes and a number of different kiln types. Cement production is either "wet" or "dry", depending on
Syndication; 1136 Resources for "maintenance and reliability" Reliability • The probability that something (a machine, a production line, etc.) will adequately
Personalized Fake and Joke Newspapers and Personalized Newspapers and Personalized Headlines for Gags and Gifts, Birthdays, Movies and Plays, Advertising, Publicity
1-bansuk industries, inc. - the cornerstone of rubber products 1-bosaeng textile co., ltd. - hair cloth interlining used in men's suit, woman's wear and other apparels.
Shifting platforms are seen in the classic and Ninja themes of Doodle jump. All shifting platforms on screen quickly change positions when any one of them are jumped on, making them difficult to navigate through. In Classic they are yellow. In Ninja, they are black with metal on them.
In classic, they are very rare and do not appear much more than Holographic Platforms. They are used the same to fully or partially cover large holes and move vastly. In Ninja, they are a lot like Broken Platforms in classic. They move more slowly than they do in classic and are not usually the only means of getting higher.
Godless Politics: A Political Manifesto for Godless Atheists - America's Christian Right complains often about godless liberals and godless liberalism, presuming that neither politics nor law can be pursued without a b...
The most common question we receive is, how is SchoolBlocks inspired by Pinterest? SchoolBlocks eliminates navigation bars and uses a block style layout that’s similar to Pinterest. It creates a unique and engaging browsing experience, optimizes for mobile and removes a lot of navigational complexity.
No need to download an app! To view the mobile experience, please shrink your browser window by undocking the browser in order to make it resizable then resize the browser to be the size of an iPad then an iPhone.
When your browser’s width conforms to a tablet or mobile phone, the menu bar changes to be mobile optimized.
By clicking on your name, you find your personal tools including a combined calendar, feed and more.
This admin button appears wherever you have rights to alter a set of blocks. To add a block, click “Add Block” to see the options.
SchoolBlocks offers a unique and powerful personalized search system. A member of the public, searching for "homework" might see an announcement from the school as the first result. However, if the user is logged in, they would see their teacher’s latest homework assignment as the top result.
We are the best dog kennel providers in Edmonton. If you are looking for flawless services and utmost care of your dogs, you can rest assured to keep them with us whenever you are going for work or for holidays etc. Contact us to know more about our services and prices etc.
Parcel Delivery Service Made Easy. You Can Send Your Parcel by Choosing Cheapest Parcel Delivery Service at ExtraShip. And you can Compare Shipping Rate for different Services link,
RESIDENT COLOR & CHEMICAL EXPERT...for over 30 years, Orlando has trained hundreds of salon professional (under a major color company and in his own salon) on the proper use of color, color correction, formulation, highlighting, straightening ... a free consultation with him, regardless of who is doing your chemical service, will be invaluable. He also instructs on various hair straightening techniques and thoroughly understands the pros/cons/pitfalls of those services.
* Selection from the Highest Quality Virgin Human Hair Wigs, Hair Pieces, Half Wigs, Toppers, Eyebrows
*** PLEASE NOTE: All custom made WIG SALES ARE FINAL AND CAN NOT be exchanged or returned; Wigs or hair items that have been washed, cut, colored, tampered with, altered or the lace has been cut CAN NOT be exchanged or returned. Also, for hygienic reasons, returns or exchanges are not allowed if the wig or hair piece has been worn or no longer has a tag.
CALL to schedule your consultation appointment. 305-444-4414 . Walk-In consultation, without an appointment is possible, but may be difficult if the wig specialist is working with another client. A specialist must work with you in order to try on hair pieces or wigs and we strive to provide each client with a private space without the interference of others. There are also many more options than are on display and a specialist should review the various options for your condition or need.
HAIR -- highest quality custom manufactured hair extensions, hair pieces, pony tails, wigs, half wigs, toppers, closures -- all using the highest quality remi hair, safest application methods, and techniques that will not damage your existing hair and hair follicles. Many hair manufacturers and suppliers with large marketing budgets do not necessarily carry the best quality Remy Hair available in the market. We go source and manufacture our own hair that meets our specification. We encourage you to visit our salon to feel and see the difference for yourself so that you can compare hair from leading suppliers.
*Listed prices apply to the vast majority of our clients; however, services on some clients may require extra time beyond what is typically allocated for that service, thus their price may be higher than the average listed price.
*Prices on hair service may vary depending on the service provider; for example, the lead colorist price may be higher than that of another service provider.
Upon request, our staff will gladly provide you with a price quote prior to commencing any service. THANK YOU for your interest.
We carry the highest premium hair that is manufactured to our specifications from the factory direct AND now available to you at wholesale prices .
There are several important factors in obtaining the best remy hair. Minimal processing and handling are key in making remi hair soft, beautiful, silky, and tangle-free. The best remy hair has been obtained from a single donor and is in full length strands (from the roots to the end) and all the cuticles run in the same direction as well. Virgin hair means that the hair has not been chemically treated; Remy means that the natural cuticle (direction) remains intact.
Add volume, length, texture, and/or color to your hair. With the latest methods and systems in the industry, we are able to achieve outstanding results.
We are highly dedicated to personalize each application to custom fit your unique personality and lifestyle. Our salon is focused on continually educating ourselves with the latest techniques and methods to ensure you get an outstanding quality of service.
Glueless custom wigs allow your head to stay cooler than solid capped wigs because it is made with less hair and the construction allows more airflow to the head and scalp. Most have an adjustable straps and/or a clamp at the nape of the neck to secure the wig in place.
There are several factors effecting the results of any chemical service, but the most important factor in determining excellent results is the consultation and the expertise of the service provider. Wherever you go, always insist on a professional consultation addressing your chemical history, health issues, lifestyle, expectations, etc.
MENU HOME Teatro \ Recensioni Teatro \ Interviste Teatro | News Teatro | Agenda Roma Libri \ Recensioni Arte \ Interviste Eventi \ News Libri \ News Citizen of the Planet Musica \ Recensioni Musica \ Interviste Live Report Musica \ News Contattaci La Redazione Collabora con Noi Disclaimer PARTNER
Please set resolution of triple ripple video at 800×600 minimun and MEDIUM CHARACTER! NOTE : You Must use this connection only if you have not problem of TIMING, because here you can only WRITE data on the LCD and NOT read the BUSY FLAG of It.
Thank you so much for visiting me in the Attic, it’s lovely to see you. My name is Lucy and I’m a happily married Mum with three children. We live in a cosy terraced house on the edge of the Yorkshire Dales in England which we are slowly renovating and making home. You can find all CAL links towards the end of this page.
I created the Woodland yarn pack to make a striped blanket inspired by my walks in the autumn woodland. There is no printed pattern included in this pack, all pattern info is here on my blog – links can be found towards the end of this page. There is a WOODLAND INTRODUCTION post which contains lots of photos and info about the inspiration behind my blanket design. A post to answer the most frequently asked questions about the CAL and the blanket. For the border, I designed the SLIPSTREAM EDGING to add a firm narrow band around the ripple edge. This is a Flickr badge showing public photos from Attic24.
A delegation from the China Society for Human Rights Studies (CSHRS) visited Athens, Greece on 5 and 6 July 2018. The CSHRS delegation, China’s largest national non-governmental organization in the field of human rights […]
In the context of the international conference ‘Security and Stability in the Western Balkans’, which took place on 12 March in Athens, a panel discussion on the new Silk Road in the Western Balkan region was organised. Speakers were Dr Jens Bastian (Southeast Europe Association), Dr George Tzogopoulos […]
The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China (CPC) will set another milestone in the long and historic road of China’s outstanding transformation, Greek Foreign Minister Nikos Kotzias has said […]
With two films, the “Amerika Square” (2016) by Yannis Sakaridis – which is Greece’s nomination for 2018 foreign language Oscar awards – and “Suntun” (2016) by Argyris Papadimitropoulos, Greece is participating at the 10th anniversary edition of the EU Film Festival (EUFF) […]
As part of the 2017 Greece-China Year of Cultural Exchanges and Cooperation of Cultural Industries, Greece is participating in the 7th Beijing Biennial of Contemporary Art as the honoured country. On the occasion, the Press and Communication Office of the Greek Embassy in Beijing and the Central Academy of Fine Arts of China organized, on 20 …
From 9 until 12 October 2017 a delegation of international experts was in Berlin to dicuss China’s international role and ways of engagement with it. The mission […]
China National Peking Opera Company «Female Generals of the Yang Family», 17 September 2017 The opera tells the story of female generals of the Yang Family safeguarding their homeland. Yang Zongbao, the marshal of Song, was killed in a battle. Almost all men of the Yang Family lay down their lives for the country. Yang …
China meets Greece in Thessaloniki, the heart of Balkan exhibition activities, at the 82nd Thessaloniki International Fair (TIF), held from 9 to 17 September 2017. The 82nd TIF is giving Greek companies an opportunity for cooperation, information and ventures in general regarding China […]
French leading newspaper Le Monde is laying particular emphasis on the implementation of the Belt and Road initiative. In that regard, it is preparing special analyses according to specific regions in the world […]
The Annual General Assembly of the PPA SA shareholders took place on Wednesday, June 28th 2017 with a quorum of 85, 56% and main issues the Approval of the Annual Financial Statements and the Dividend Distribution for the financial year 2016 […]
I told my grdehmotanr how you helped. She said, "bake them a cake!" That <a href="http://asjehk.com">instihg's</a> just what I've been looking for. Thanks!
527 Unexpected Circumstances by Savage7289 no short description Unexpected Circumstances by Savage7289 because this is pdf file * PDF *
529 the composite novel the short story cycle in transition twaynes studies in literary themes and genres series no short description the composite novel the short story cycle in transition twaynes studies in literary themes and genres series because this is pdf file * PDF *
538 oral history on trial oral history on trial no short description oral history on trial oral history on trial because this is pdf file * PDF *
540 not your mothers book on being a stupid kid no short description not your mothers book on being a stupid kid because this is pdf file * PDF *
545 the big book of logos 3 no short description the big book of logos 3 because this is pdf file * PDF *
547 contextualizing occupy central in contemporary hong kong no short description contextualizing occupy central in contemporary hong kong because this is pdf file * PDF *
548 painting the head in oil no short description painting the head in oil because this is pdf file * PDF *
549 tswtm he py ho amed e no short description tswtm he py ho amed e because this is pdf file * PDF *
550 citizenship under pressure the 1970s in jamaican literature and culture no short description citizenship under pressure the 1970s in jamaican literature and culture because this is pdf file * PDF *
551 getting started with netbooks getting started with netbooks no short description getting started with netbooks getting started with netbooks because this is pdf file * PDF *
552 Seeds of Rebellion Beyonders 2 by Brandon Mull no short description Seeds of Rebellion Beyonders 2 by Brandon Mull because this is pdf file * PDF *
559 medical surgical nursing study guide answers key no short description medical surgical nursing study guide answers key because this is pdf file * PDF *
562 what do you do with a tail like this turtleback school and library binding edition no short description what do you do with a tail like this turtleback school and library binding edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
563 if you were an exclamation point word fun no short description if you were an exclamation point word fun because this is pdf file * PDF *
565 content based second language teaching and learning an interactive approach 2nd edition pearson resources for teaching english learners no short description content based second language teaching and learning an interactive approach 2nd edition pearson resources for teaching english learners because this is pdf file * PDF *
566 parenting the highly sensitive child a guide for parents caregivers of adhd indigo and highly sensitive children no short description parenting the highly sensitive child a guide for parents caregivers of adhd indigo and highly sensitive children because this is pdf file * PDF *
568 wiley cpaexcel exam review 2015 study guide january financial accounting and reporting wiley cpa exam review no short description wiley cpaexcel exam review 2015 study guide january financial accounting and reporting wiley cpa exam review because this is pdf file * PDF *
577 studies in monetary economics no short description studies in monetary economics because this is pdf file * PDF *
581 pharmacy management leadership marketing and finance download free pdf books about pharmacy management leadership marketing and no short description pharmacy management leadership marketing and finance download free pdf books about pharmacy management leadership marketing and because this is pdf file * PDF *
590 picture books for children no short description picture books for children because this is pdf file * PDF *
596 student solutions manual investments 9th edition no short description student solutions manual investments 9th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
599 looney limericks dover childrens activity books no short description looney limericks dover childrens activity books because this is pdf file * PDF *
607 letter to solicit sponsors from local businesses no short description letter to solicit sponsors from local businesses because this is pdf file * PDF *
The Effects of Different Types, Amounts of Ground Cover, and Soil Composition on Regulating Evaporation
CSSR&SRRM Degree & PG College alumni association is the association of former student graduates which has formed to extend support to their alma mater in the endeavor of providing intellectual nourishment to its students. The college Alumni Association has been registered and it meets at least once in a year. It is always in touch with the members of the alumni association. The Alumni student interaction is organized with the request given by all old students. The alumni come forward to share their experiences with the juniors. The students are also provided with various suggestions by their seniors about their future plans and prospects.
To significantly increase alumni interaction with the institution for its better approach in further more intellectual nourishment to students.
To assist current students to achieve their goals by means of mentorship and scholarship setup through Alumni.
Maintain healthy relationship with the alumni body 6. Assist management in creating an environment in the college which is enables students to have far-lasting memories.
The 2017 Haro Downtown has something for everyone. Smaller riders have the 16 or 18 wheel models or 20 wheel model that even comes in a 19.5tt size. The Downtown has 25/9 gearing (with sealed driver) to reduce weight and this year has sealed internal headset and sealed MID BB to give this bike the look and feel of their high end models. Larger bars and an alloy top load stem come standard. Maximum shred output for minimal dough input, that’s what the 2017 Haro Downtown is all about.
SIRDC > Hospitality and Tourism > Hospitality Services > Career Development and Employability Skills Print Friendly
A. Advantages of the hospitality industry B. Challenges of the hospitality industry C. Hospitality careers D. Preparing for a hospitality career E. Personal inventory F. Balancing multiple roles G. Job search skills H. On-the-job skills I. Advancement skills J. Professional organizations
(1) The student gains additional academic knowledge and skills required to pursue the full range of career and postsecondary educational opportunities within the hospitality services industry.
(A) apply advanced reading, writing, and mathematical skills necessary to perform job tasks in the hospitality industry
(3) The student researches career opportunities and qualifications to broaden awareness of careers available in the hospitality industry.
(E) evaluate personal skills that may determine individual potential for growth within the hospitality industry
(H) examine the procedures in maintaining licensure, certification, or credentials for a chosen occupation
Infographic: How Technology is Changing in the Hospitality Industry – SIRDC Lesson: Take a Byte: Technology in the Hospitality Industry
Get a unique view into travel trends and preferences of leisure and business travelers around the world.
What does it take to deliver outstanding and above and beyond customer service? The simple answer we’ve found: An incredible understanding of how your customers think. Spending lots of time with your users and...
When the dotcom bubble burst, hotelier Chip Conley went in search of a business model based on happiness. In an old friendship with an employee and in the wisdom of a Buddhist king, he...
Award-winning food and travel writer Lavinia Spalding encourages listeners to become travel writers, and speaks about how sharing travel stories can contribute to global understanding and change.
As we expect more from technology, do we expect less from each other? Sherry Turkle studies how our devices and online personas are redefining human connection and communication — and asks us to think...
TED Talk: TEDxEast – Thomas Keller – The reach of a restaurant – SIRDC Lesson: Dining Experiences in Hospitality
Complete Form W-4 so that your employer can withhold the correct federal income tax from your pay. Consider completing a new Form W-4 each year and when your personal or financial situation changes.
Did you ever wonder why some service workers over or under perform? Jan Smith shares the relevancy of how a Culture of Care can positively affect both the employee and the customer in the...
William Ury, author of "Getting to Yes," offers an elegant, simple (but not easy) way to create agreement in even the most difficult situations — from family conflict to, perhaps, the Middle East.
Homily given at the 11:30 a.m. Mass on Sunday, February 16, 2014, the 6th Sunday in Ordinary Time, by Dcn. Lou Russello, Christ the King Catholic Church. Today's first and second readings focus on wisdom. God's wisdom is objective and perfect. It will never fail you when you put it into practice.
Homily given at the 7:00 p.m. Life Teen Mass on Sunday, September 7, 2008, the 23rd Sunday in Ordinary Time, by Fr. Ed Fride, Pastor, Christ the King Catholic Church.
Please find below the Big Write topics for Autumn 1 2018. Part of our weekly homework is to discuss the Big Write theme for the week at home and share thoughts and ideas amongst siblings, parents, friends and neighbours.
Facebook blidoo encontros Sex.pt is tracked by us since February, 2018. Over the time it has been ranked as high as 1 398 703 in the world, while most of its traffic comes from Portugal, where
br101.org by br101.org is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.5 Brazil License.
Come join us for a night of fun with CNYSHP members and industry representatives. The Syracuse Chief will take on Gwinnett and there will be fireworks after the game! The menu will include: hamburgers/ cheeseburgers w/ lettuce, tomato, onion; hotdogs; italian sausage & peppers/onions, pasta salad, watermelon, chips, popcorn, cookies & coke products/water
The information contained is from sources deemed reliable, but is not guaranteed by the Seller. Agent assumes no responsibility for correctness. The sale is made subject to errors, change in price, prior sale or withdrawal without notice. In accordance with the law, this property is offered without sagerlty@wavecom.net respect to race, color, creed, sex, national origin, physical limitations or marital status.
"Seven years ago, the Cipriano team built and planted a complex landscape & masonry design for our four acre property, and the team continues to maintain our property with impeccable service." -Dwight Sipprelle
"Cipriano Landscaping transformed our backyard into an elegant, functional outdoor retreat. Working with Cipriano was a hassle-free experience since they handled all aspects of the project from design and masonry, to plantings. Their workmanship and professionalism on the project more than exceeded our expectations. This outdoor renovation is a wonderful extension of our home that provides space for dining, entertaining and relaxing with family and friends." -Gina Springer
"Chris is unbelievable; he and his men can build anything! We couldn't be more pleased with the outcome of our project and having our property recognized internationally for his awards is an added bonus. If you want the best job you need to call Chris." -Bill Temiz
"One of the reasons why we went with Chris and his company was he does everything - from the swimming pool, landscaping, to the lighting, to the sprinklers. None of the other contractors I spoke to really did the whole thing. And that was huge to us. Chris did an amazing job." -Brigid Scannell
"We had five kids sunbathing on the waterfall stone today. It's amazing. When you walk into our backyard you can't believe you're still in New Jersey. Chris, you and your guys did a phenomenal job on our swimming pool and landscaping, oh and I would be remiss if I didn't mention all the beautiful stone work you did on the cabana and our home. Thank you for all your hard work!" -Peter Elfers
"Chris, I just wanted to thank you and your men for all your hard work. The attention to detail you've achieved on our project is amazing. Everyone who walks into our backyard is speechless! We know where our kids are
"Our backyard is beyond what we could have ever expected. We eat dinner outside almost every night and our kids never want to leave the pool. It was so nice having one company do the design and construction for our entire project. Ciprano has the most talented masons I've ever seen!" -Rocco Benedetto
"I've done several renovations on my home and I can say without reservation that Cipriano Landscape Design was the most professional construction company I have ever done business with. I was always well informed and I couldn't believe the amount of production the men were able to produce on a daily basis. Cipriano's men were neat, polite, well managed and just a great group of guys. We couldn't be happier with the outcome of our project." -Dr. Ingenito
"I would like to say that we definitely picked the right company to do our pool and landscaping! The waterfall is better than we could imagine. I can not say enough about Cipriano Custom swimming Pools and Landscaping. David & I are looking forward to many years of enjoyment." -Jennifer Graf
"Chris, I want to take this opportunity to thank you for our beautiful new swimming pool and landscaping. Our backyard is absolutely gorgeous! Just as important to us was the timeliness that you started and completed the work. You delivered ahead of schedule. Exceeding our expectations and delivering as promissed is indeed rare in my experiences with contractors.
Our family looks forward to many years of enjoyment with our new pool and waterfall. I am confident that you will be there for us if we have any problems - just as you were there for us as the pool was being built.
If you are looking for the right reads for you life journey then be a part of a new Journey here in Cagayan de Oro.....only at PASSAGES (the pages to move you)!
During our Christmas Get-Together last December 23, 2015, a new set of officers were being elected by the group to lead for the year 201...
“Cagayan de Oro City has always been known as a melting pot because of its accessibility, which makes it an attractive base for businesses...
[21 JULY 2016] Filipinos keenly anticipating the launch of Pokemon GO can now stay updated on the upcoming release of the game in the Ph...
The brand BYS Cosmetics (Be Your Self) represents one of the most exciting ranges of cosmetics in the world today. With it's growing p...
Last December 29, 2013 was a memorable date for Seda Hotel Centrio since they were celebrating their first year anniversary. Fortunate enou...
Copyright: Toni Straka, 2005-2011 This blog is for information and entertainment purposes only. Under no circumstances does this information represent a recommendation to buy or sell securities or any other type of investment instruments.
Austrian banks may be sitting on a €2.6 Trillion off balance sheet derivatives time bomb and the central bank does not know how much risk is involved in these trades.
According to a (German language only) press release from last Thursday off balance sheet derivatives volume grew a stunning 13% to a record volume of €2.586 Trillion at the end of H2 2010 in Austria. This is roughly 2.5 times as much as the nationwide balance sum of all banks which stood barely unchanged at €1.037 Trillion in the same period.
It also has to be noted that this growth comes at a time of global de-leveraging and may indicate that Austrian banks try to make up for loan losses in Central Eastern Europe with bets on interest rates and currencies.
As a side note: It is interesting to see that the OeNB considers gold a currency, after German authorities had said otherwise earlier in a rather idiotic move.
According to industry insiders the actual risk after netting out short and long contracts may lie somewhere between 5% and 10% or €125 billion to €250 billion. In comparison Austria's GDP came in at €274 billion in 2009.
Nowotny said he hoped that the EU would realize a central clearing institution for derivatives as soon as possible.
This may take a few years, though. Although the EU has been talking about stricter derivative regulation, not a single step of action has been taken since the onset of the crisis more than 3 years ago.
This may originate in the common fear - one of the last things uniting Europe these days - that all European banks would suffer heavily if they were to bring OTC derivatives on their balance sheets. This is a safe speculation.
FROM THE US TREASURY WEBSITE: "Federal Reserve notes are not redeemable in gold, silver or any other commodity, and receive no backing by anything. The notes have no value for themselves, but for what they will buy."
A LESSON FROM HISTORY BOOKS: The past 300 years have proven that ALL fiat money experiments ended in complete devaluation. From Rome to Britain: every empire vanished into oblivion soon after it went off the gold standard. It is time to recognize the obvious: Unbacked money has never worked.
I am an INDEPENDENT Certified Financial Analyst who worked as a financial journalist for 15+ years and now evaluate global market trends. Analyzing financial and political news permanently I want to share my insight with those who understand that we are in an era of global redistribution of wealth. The US-European centric approach does not work anymore. 6 billion people in the developing countries now demand their fair share of the world's resources. Having worked many years for a leading newswire I have learned to understand the fatal concept of ever expanding credit by heart. If you want to learn about the future of the economy, study history.
After an exhaustive vetting process conducted by The National Law Journal and Law.com, Morgan & Morgan was chosen for the distinction not only because of the firm’s big victories in court, but also as a result of its attorneys’ collaborative efforts in fighting on behalf of plaintiffs nationwide.
'To be included with the other 49 firms from across America is both humbling and inspiring,' firm founder John Morgan said.
Morgan & Morgan is proud to announce that it has been included in The National Law Journal and Law.com’s first-ever list of America’s Elite Trial Lawyers, a compilation of law firms nationwide that have earned “big victories in complex cases” and devote a majority of their practice to working with plaintiffs in seeking justice.
“To be included with the other 49 firms from across America is both humbling and inspiring,” firm founder John Morgan said.
Though more than 100 law firms were initially considered, the final list features 50 national firms that have “scored at least one significant plaintiffs’ win” between January 1, 2013 and June 30, 2014. These firms, according to The National Law Journal, have compiled exceptional track records of settlements and verdicts over the past five years in high-stakes cases, lawsuits where a substantial amount of money was involved or the outcome of the suit could have possibly “affected litigation strategy or results” in similar lawsuits across the country.
Additionally, to be considered for the final list, a law firm must have devoted at least 50 percent of its litigation resources to plaintiffs’ work while earning half or more of its revenue from “plaintiffs’-side activities.” To Morgan, a man whose life’s work has been “For The People,” inclusion in The National Law Journal’s list is further proof that Morgan & Morgan’s mission is both justified and rewarding.
“We have spent out entire legal career fighting injustice and being the voice of the powerless,” Morgan said. “This honor makes all the years worthwhile.”
Other factors considered in creating the list include verdict amounts, complexity of cases and procedures, volume of cases handled, impact of litigation results on government policy, feedback from presiding judges, and firm size in relation to recovery amounts and impact. Indeed, Morgan knows that his firm’s success comes from its ever-growing team of attorneys who dedicate each day to protecting plaintiffs’ rights.
“For the lawyers and staff this award is the culmination of many long hours of work, preparation and trials,” Morgan said. “This honor was earned by the whole firm. It is very significant to us and greatly appreciated.”
Morgan & Morgan is one of the largest exclusively plaintiffs’ law firms in the country with more than 20 offices throughout Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky and New York. The firm handles cases nationally involving personal injury, medical malpractice, consumer class action, and securities fraud, as well as complex litigation against drug and medical device manufacturers. Visit Morgan & Morgan online at http://www.forthepeople.com/ for a free case evaluation and information about your legal rights.
The famous online "iPad Tips" writer, iPad Pete, has launched his latest video course on detailed guidelines of effective iPad operation.
iPad Pete, famous for his series of online articles on iPad tips, has launched his complete video course on utilizing the iPad’s abilities to the maximum. After long periods of ‘coming soon’ on his twitter, iPad Pete announced the launch, much to the delight of those who were looking forward to his video guides. For a large number of people that are newbies to the gadget scenario, operating a new machine can be extremely difficult.
More often than not do we see people fiddling with gadgets, trying to figure their way through, without much success. About a couple of years back, something similar was seen in the case of personal computers and laptops. For such people, a guide is essential to allow them to make use of their large sums of money spent in buying the device.
The internet is filled with a variety of different guides for gadgets, all ranged at various prices. When newbies tend to scan the web for a suitable guide, they go for ones that rate cheap, but promise utmost efficacy. Usually, these turn out too good to be true. But with someone with a strong reputation like iPad Pete, a guide like this definitely is worth the money. The sales page of the video course reveals all the different aspects that will be included in the video course.
The factors include, basic operational, mailing, reading, gaming, organizing and exploring tips, a variety of them that the general public is completely unaware of. The course has been designed in a series of over one hundred videos that are timed at about 4 minutes each. Once a person gains access, a video can be watched anytime. With a proper schedule inside the package, one video a day has been promoted to be most prolific.
“The video course is sure to surprise many, we’ve already started receiving a multitude of cheers from our clients!” said iPad Pete, Maker of the iPad Video Course. Several reviews by the clients are showcased on the sales page. Terming the course as “surprising” and “amazing”, the feedback thus far has shown immense satisfaction by everyone that’s bought access to the course.
“This Press Release has been composed and is being marketed by The Good Life Services Inc. http://bit.ly/XACPxz”
iPad Pete is renowned for the online series of iPad Tips that he’s been delivering since long. A “geek”, as he calls himself, the video course has been designed keeping in mind every single function of the iPad, ensuring that the clients learn efficiently how exactly can they use their iPad to the fullest.
By action of the PSC Delegate Assembly in June 2001, all full-time members and non-members (agency fee payers) had a change in the amount of union dues or fees deducted from their paychecks. Effective in September 2001, all full-time employees covered by the PSC-CUNY collective bargaining agreement have incurred a 1.05% union dues/agency shop fee deduction from their total bi-weekly gross earnings. The dues/fees rate was restructured from a fixed bi-weekly rate to a percentage-based deduction.
Prior to 2001, the PSC’s dues and fees were set at a flat bi-weekly amount. Under the old flat bi-weekly rate, individuals who earned the least paid the highest percentage of their income to the PSC. The current percentage-based calculation was approved to create a level of equity and fairness. Those who earn less pay a lower dues/fees rate.
Part-time PSC members also saw a switch from a fixed bi-weekly rate to a percentage-based rate. In 2001, for the first time in the union’s history, agency fees were implemented to include all part-time non-members of the PSC (including adjuncts, graduate assistants, continuing education teachers and hourlies). The PSC Delegate Assembly approved implementation of agency fees for all part- timers back in February 2001. However, due to the complexity of the City and State payroll systems it was decided to implement the part-time agency fees as well as the new percentage based rates with the start of the new academic year.
Dues and agency shop fees are deducted from each paycheck earned. For example, an individual that is full-time and also working part-time will incur a 1.05% union dues or agency shop fee deduction from the full-time check and a 1% union dues or agency shop fee deduction from the part-time check. Part-timers holding multiple positions will see the 1% union dues or agency shop fees deducted from each of their part-time checks. Graduate Assistants also incur a 1% deduction from each paycheck. The dues/fees percentage rates have not increased since 2001.
If you would like more information on joining the PSC, or would like to check if you are a member of the union, call the PSC Membership Department at (212) 354-1252 or 212-PSC-CUNY.
30.1	The parties recognize the importance to the proper functioning of the University of providing adequate space, facilities and services for the instructional staff.
30.2	To the extent that suitable space is available, each full‑time member of the instructional staff shall have a desk, a chair, a file cabinet, and a book shelf, and adjunct instructional staff shall have access to desk and file space.
30.3	Subject to appropriate governmental approval of Master Plans providing for the same, design specifications for the construction of new facilities for the use of members of the instructional staff shall provide for:
(a)	A minimum of 120 square feet of office space for the use of each full‑time member of the faculty for whose use the facility is designed;
(b)	An office desk, chair, file drawers, a telephone and book shelves for each full‑time member of the faculty;
(d)	Appropriate facilities for adjuncts. On campuses where capacity exists, teaching adjunct instructional staff will be provided with a CUNY e-mail address. The colleges will use their best efforts to provide teaching adjunct instructional staff with voicemail and, where feasible, to include them in department directories.
NEW! The Teachings of Zoroaster (4/22/2010) - A collection of Zoroastrian texts, part of the Wisdom of the East series.
After releasing a real ripper with their debut, Suspended from the Cosmic Altar, Apocrophex has finally returned with their second album. It’s been three years mind you, which is enough time for some to all but forget about a newer act in the extreme metal genre, but the forcefulness of Apocrophex’s return is bound to turn some heads.
What’s nice about Apocrophex is that it eloquently avoids being initially stereotyped within the extreme scene. With so many different subgenres now, it’s as if they manage to take a slew of them and make it near indecipherable which way they are heading. While that sounds chaotic and disjointed, it’s anything but as you listen to AEternalis. One can rattle off the feelings, such as the somewhat complex and technical nature of the riffing, the cavernous and utterly bleak atmosphere, and the upfront brutality and inhuman vocals – but it’s the overall execution that is key. Particularly the integration of the technicality with intact and sneering brutality. It’s a precision move that many bands falter on with this type of material, but Apocrophex really manage to combine it to make something special (see “Thwarting Dogma”). On the other hand, more atmospheric moments take over songs like “The Oracle Room” and shift it into more esoteric feelings without compromising the frenetic attack. What rounds the album out is a solid guest drumming position by Kevin Paradis, who delivers a standout performance behind the kit and excellently tackles all the extreme variety thrown at him.
Apocrophex continue to impress the legions with AEternalis. It’s brutal yet complicated, with some more layered moments tied in to make the appeal even stronger. While they may not be on everybody’s radar just yet, give them a few months and this album is bound to get more people talking.
Sometimes it’s all about the presentation and way things are put together when it comes to finding a new act to enjoy. Florida’s Meka Nism have released a few EPs over the past five years, with The War Inside being the latest in the line. When it comes to blurring genres, Meka Nism have already found a way to make it work for them.
While there’s a distinct modern metal feel to Meka Nism, the key to what makes their sound more unique and engaging is the pool of influences that they draw from. On the one hand, there’s a raging melodic death metal and metalcore influence, with heavy grooves and triumphant, galloping melodies at the ready to get heads moving. Synths add to the drama already present and pull out a more climatic tone (as evidenced in the opening title track) to really sell the darker side of the band. But on the other hand, there’s a more gentle/melodic side to the band, borrowing from acts like Lacuna Coil (“These Years of Silent Screams”) to provide more depth. “Black Sky” uses some tasteful piano to generate a slow build-up, combining with Ms. Meka’s fantastic clean vocals, as the track gains momentum into a fever pitch towards the end of the track with darker riffs and growls. The high point of the EP has to be that of “Trailblazer” though, which melds the band’s dual personality into a fiery explosion – driving, thunderous riffs lead their way into a chorus that simply feels ethereal, yet not out of line.
It seems like Meka Nism has a firm grasp on where they want to go as a band with The War Inside. The combination of heaviness and melody may not be anything particularly new at this point, but they have managed to find their own style within it – one that you will have a hard time forgetting once you hear it. A band that could easily find themselves on the rise as word starts to get around.
You must be a registered member in order to view the Cigar Database entries and reviews. Registration is fast and free. If you are already a member, click here to login.
The offer information on the following pages is provided and maintained by Retail Electric Suppliers (RESs). While the ICC does not warrant that the information is a complete list of all residential offers in Illinois, RESs are required to honor prices listed here as a condition of posting their offers on this site. The ICC does not endorse or recommend any particular RES.
Texas electricity deregulation has given millions of Houston residents and businesses the power to choose the cheapest electricity rate. According to ERCOT, over 92% of Texas homes and businesses who live in deregulated areas have switched electric companies since deregulation began in 2002. Even though electric choice in Texas has been hugely successful for energy savings, customers are still confused by the options, terminology, and overall process of switching electric providers.
Unlike with long-term plans, monthly, variable rate (no-contract) plans have no cancellation fees. You won’t have to pay a penalty if you decide to take your business elsewhere because you found a better deal. Plus, you won’t be left paying more than you should if the market rate for energy trends down. However, if the market prices rise, you’ll have to pay more than those who are in-contract.
Since 1996, when the energy market was opened up to competition, UK consumers have been able to switch energy suppliers to find a cheaper gas and electricity deal. Previously, Ofgem did set a maximum price for energy; but now Ofgem only regulates the market as a whole — that means creating a regulating schemes to support vulnerable households and more.
When the energy market became deregulated in a majority of Texas in 2002, residents and business owners in these regions earned the power to choose which retail electric provider would supply their electricity. In a deregulated energy market, you could have a range of options for electricity supply rates, which means doing research to find the best one for your needs.
Should you choose a short-term, long-term, month-to-month, or prepaid plan? The short answer: it depends on your specific needs. How long do you anticipate living at your location? Are you deciding in the peak season (summer in Houston) or off season? All electricity providers in Houston offer a broad selection of plans for different contract lengths. Many also offer month-to-month and prepaid electricity plans. The bottom line is that everyone’s needs are different and all contract term lengths offer advantages and disadvantages.
If you live in the greater Houston area, there are over 60 different energy suppliers competing for your business. Many of these providers have websites that are confusing and difficult to navigate, their rates buried in misleading advertising and dense jargon. Who has the time to sort through and keep track of options across all these different sites?
Whether you live in a large city or small town, we can save you money! Where do we provide Texas electricity? We service customers in more than 400 deregulated communities in Texas. We work with principal utilities throughout the state of Texas to provide prepaid electricity. The utilities are: Oncor in the Dallas / Fort Worth Metroplex and various parts of West Texas; CenterPoint Energy in Houston and the surrounding areas; AEP Central in Corpus Christi and surrounding areas; AEP North in Abilene and other North Texas communities.
2. Fraud: Too many people have been victimized by glib sales reps with promises of cheap electricity flowing in an unending stream only to discover that, as is so often true, “it ain’t necessarily so”. They’ve been locked into unwanted term contracts or there’s a catch – some utilities will give you the great rate only if you meet a usage minimum; basically, the “rate” is, in actuality, a “bulk purchase” discounted fee – or they paid a deposit never to hear from the rep again.
PSE&G serves nearly three quarters of New Jersey's population in a service area that spans the state from Bergen to Gloucester Counties. PSE&G is the largest provider of electric service, servicing 2.2 million customers in more than 300 urban, suburban and rural communities, including New Jersey's six largest cities. The current PSE&G Price to Compare for electricity supply is 12.598¢ per kWh — effective 10/1/2016 through 5/1/17.
If you need cheap electricity in Fort Worth, TX, you’ve come to the right source. Vault Electricity provides you with a list of top electric companies that deliver cheap Fort Worth electricity rates through service plans that are designed for different needs. Each company on your list offers transparent pricing, has great business stability, and brings an eco-friendly approach to producing electricity.
Residential real-time pricing customers pay electric supply prices that vary by the hour. To make a meaningful comparison between variable RRTP rates and RES offers, customers should compare their past electric supply cost savings from the total Electric Supply section of the bill, provided by their RRTP provider, with an electric supply cost savings estimate provided by RESs. Alternatively, customers can compute their average real-time hourly price in cents per kWh (each month the average real-time price is equal to the total of the Electric Supply section of the bill divided by the monthly kWh) to compare with RES offers posted in cents per kWh. Customer should bear in mind, however, that because RRTP rates vary over time, past savings do not predict future savings, but only serve as a guide to compare past performance.
But they are not pessimistic about the sector. “The good news is that renewable energy has – at least on a levelized cost of electricity, or LCOE, basis – clearly achieved the long-awaited goal of grid competitiveness,” they say. Both onshore wind and solar projects have won auctions, in Morocco and Chile respectively, with bids of $30/MWh or less in the last 12 months. “These must be the lowest electricity prices, for any new project, of any technology, anywhere in the world, ever. And we are still going to see further falls in equipment prices,” they assert.
We've pioneered our techniques and grown our expertise in the retail energy industry for more than a decade. With hundreds of thousands of customers and firm investor backing, we're a company you can count on. Spark Energy is also proud to be a publically traded company: our NASDAQ ticker is SPKE. Visit our investor relations page for more information.
Kellie Ryan has wanted to illustrate children's books for as far back as she can remember. She studied illustration and creative writing at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh. She has kept both as side hobbies since becoming a mom but is grateful for the workings of the Holy Spirit through the Children's Rosary to bring her to collaborate with Julie on this labor of love. Kellie is a Catholic convert (2007) along with her husband, and she homeschools her five (soon to be six) children in rural Wisconsin.
custom garage doors utah home depot near me real estate can enhance your homes look,determining custom garage doors cost and benefits seattle wood houston prices,custom garage doors online wood prices mesa,custom garage doors melbourne wood orange county lowes door and design,custom garage doors houston texas wood prices near me long islands choice for,custom glass garage doors prices door services melbourne houston,custom garage doors designs and installation southern mesa utah near me,residential garage door manufacturers custom wooden doors does lowes do mesa online,custom wood garage doors prices orange county houston carriage house reserve semi,does lowes do custom garage doors premier entry systems a door services houston wood orange county.
Natural Path Consulting takes a unique approach to building health by combining traditional healing methods with the latest technological advances in the field of alternative and natural health care. The focus is on the person rather than the disease, empowering clients to take charge of nature's internal healing forces. Educating clients to take their power through natural therapies is my passion and watching them thrive is rewarding beyond measure. A comprehensive health analysis provides the basis for a program customized to meet your unique needs, addressing the physical, mental, emotional and spiritual levels of being as a change in one affects the whole. Scientifically proven technologies are employed to identify the root causes of blocks that are impeding the healing process. Homeopathic remedies, herbal medicines and nutraceuticals are utilized to stimulate the body's own natural healing forces to affect powerful and lasting change. Schedule your appointment today and step on the Natural Path to vibrant health!
"Homeopathy cures a larger percentage of cases than any other method of treatment and is beyond safer and more economical." Mahatma Gandhi
Results from the Therapeutic Sound Research are in and they are Remarkable! (click here for more info)
11/12/2018: Natural News Elections have now become a mechanism by which present-day voters shift the costs of benefits and handouts to future voters who are not represented in the present 11/12/2018: Natural News Landmark study describes the link between pesticide levels in expectant mothers and autism risk in their infants 11/12/2018: Natural News Thanks to liberal tyranny, Christian filmmakers will be thrown in prison in Minnesota if they refuse to make gay films 11/12/2018: Natural News Massive vote fraud under way across the country as Democrats steal elections in several states 11/12/2018: Natural News The HEROIN WAR – death toll greater for U.S. civilians than soldiers in Afghanistan, thanks to the opium-based prescription drug "invasion" 11/12/2018: Natural News Learn how moringa, just like hemp, is a miracle healing plant – Watch at Brighteon.com 11/12/2018: Natural News Another study finds turmeric and curcumin to be a safe, effective treatment for lowering cholesterol and protecting the heart 11/12/2018: Natural News New treatment for pancreatic cancer shows that heating and freezing cells causes them to die off 11/12/2018: Natural News Remember these golden rules of weight loss to help you stay fit even in your 40s, 50s, or beyond 11/12/2018: Natural News Can natural antioxidants be used to stabilize the properties of some biodiesels? 11/12/2018: Mercola Alkaline Water or Hydrogen Water — Which One Is Better for You? 11/12/2018: Mercola Weekly Health Quiz: Sleep, Spirulina and Microplastics 11/12/2018: Mercola Fermented Dairy Protects Your Heart 11/12/2018: Mercola What Are the Benefits of Vitamin B1, Thiamine? 11/11/2018: Mercola Borderline Personality Disorder: A Guide to Its Causes, Symptoms and Treatment 11/11/2018: Mercola Cajun Cauliflower Dirty Rice Recipe 11/11/2018: Mercola New Book Superfuel: Ketogenic Keys to Unlock the Secrets of Good Fats, Bad Fats and Great Health 11/10/2018: Mercola The Science of Sleep and Sleep Deprivation 11/10/2018: Mercola Facts About Red Raspberry Leaf Tea 11/10/2018: Mercola Why Does Cold Weather Increase Your Risk for Heart Attack? 11/09/2018: Mercola Caraway: A Plant With Diverse Culinary Applications, Plus a Few Potential Health Benefits 11/09/2018: Mercola Mustard Greens — An Easy to Grow Cool-Weather Crop 11/08/2018: Mercola Phospholipid-Bound Omega-3 May Lower Alzheimer’s Risk in High-Risk Individuals 11/08/2018: Mercola New Study: Smelling Lavender Really Can Relax You 11/08/2018: Mercola Cinnamon Leaf Oil: Perks From a Spice Oil
Homeopathy, a proven system of medicine for over 200 years, works by stimulating the body’s natural defenses rather than suppressing symptoms.
615 manual for memorex dvd player no short description manual for memorex dvd player because this is pdf file * PDF *
619 all courses great and small a golfers pilgrimage to england and wales no short description all courses great and small a golfers pilgrimage to england and wales because this is pdf file * PDF *
620 star test sample questions for 5th grade no short description star test sample questions for 5th grade because this is pdf file * PDF *
623 shes a keeper confessions from a southern girls closet volume 1 no short description shes a keeper confessions from a southern girls closet volume 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
625 america in the 1940s decades of american history no short description america in the 1940s decades of american history because this is pdf file * PDF *
627 risk management framework a lab based approach to securing information systems no short description risk management framework a lab based approach to securing information systems because this is pdf file * PDF *
628 vessels of honor a novel of love hope and redemption no short description vessels of honor a novel of love hope and redemption because this is pdf file * PDF *
629 Baree The Story of a Wolf Dog by James Oliver Curwood no short description Baree The Story of a Wolf Dog by James Oliver Curwood because this is pdf file * PDF *
631 conversations with constance bk 6 no short description conversations with constance bk 6 because this is pdf file * PDF *
632 hating god a love story a mended lives novel no short description hating god a love story a mended lives novel because this is pdf file * PDF *
638 repair manual dodge d series trucks no short description repair manual dodge d series trucks because this is pdf file * PDF *
639 whats eating you parasites the inside story animal science no short description whats eating you parasites the inside story animal science because this is pdf file * PDF *
643 a random walk down wall street the time tested strategy for successful investing eleventh edition no short description a random walk down wall street the time tested strategy for successful investing eleventh edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
648 how to be emotionally strong and have thick skin an essential guide to developing emotional strength no short description how to be emotionally strong and have thick skin an essential guide to developing emotional strength because this is pdf file * PDF *
650 mad mans drum a novel in woodcuts dover fine art history of art no short description mad mans drum a novel in woodcuts dover fine art history of art because this is pdf file * PDF *
655 c all in one desk reference for dummies no short description c all in one desk reference for dummies because this is pdf file * PDF *
663 critical thinking sixth edition an introduction to the basic skills no short description critical thinking sixth edition an introduction to the basic skills because this is pdf file * PDF *
665 big kids coloring book fairy houses and fairy doors volume two 50 images on single sided pages for wet media markers and paints big kids coloring books no short description big kids coloring book fairy houses and fairy doors volume two 50 images on single sided pages for wet media markers and paints big kids coloring books because this is pdf file * PDF *
667 gifts to sew for special occasions no short description gifts to sew for special occasions because this is pdf file * PDF *
669 triumph explorer heated grips manual no short description triumph explorer heated grips manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
671 simple rules what the oldtime builders knew no short description simple rules what the oldtime builders knew because this is pdf file * PDF *
673 the 401k owners manual the one they couldnt put in your 401k enrollment packet no short description the 401k owners manual the one they couldnt put in your 401k enrollment packet because this is pdf file * PDF *
675 soil microbiology and sustainable crop production no short description soil microbiology and sustainable crop production because this is pdf file * PDF *
676 owners manual for 2007 fxst no short description owners manual for 2007 fxst because this is pdf file * PDF *
677 fgc25k service manual no short description fgc25k service manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
681 alabama football strength and conditioning manual no short description alabama football strength and conditioning manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
683 branding your business small accelerator no short description branding your business small accelerator because this is pdf file * PDF *
685 the complete guide to a successful leveraged buyout no short description the complete guide to a successful leveraged buyout because this is pdf file * PDF *
689 compendium of turfgrass diseases no short description compendium of turfgrass diseases because this is pdf file * PDF *
695 tee ceremony a cosmic duffers companion to the ancient game of golf no short description tee ceremony a cosmic duffers companion to the ancient game of golf because this is pdf file * PDF *
700 race housing and community race housing and community no short description race housing and community race housing and community because this is pdf file * PDF *
702 by steve forshier essentials of radiation biology and protection second 2nd edition no short description by steve forshier essentials of radiation biology and protection second 2nd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
713 july 2014 appointment calendar no short description july 2014 appointment calendar because this is pdf file * PDF *
715 converting km to miles ks2 no short description converting km to miles ks2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
721 osmosis is serious business troy r nash answers part 1 no short description osmosis is serious business troy r nash answers part 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
722 paiute princess the story of sarah winnemucca no short description paiute princess the story of sarah winnemucca because this is pdf file * PDF *
724 women and gender in early modern europe new approaches to european history no short description women and gender in early modern europe new approaches to european history because this is pdf file * PDF *
728 an institutional theory of law an institutional theory of law no short description an institutional theory of law an institutional theory of law because this is pdf file * PDF *
730 Water and Life by Kaltoum Belhassan no short description Water and Life by Kaltoum Belhassan because this is pdf file * PDF *
Although the nature of hearing loss can change over time, deafness is generally not the ultimate result.
There are some important differences between deafness and hearing loss. Deafness is defined as having little to no hearing whereas hearing loss is a broad term encompassing all degrees of hearing impairment. Those who are deaf often rely heavily on lip-reading and/or sign language to communicate and those who have hearing loss often experience difficulty understanding conversations, especially in places with loud background noise. Hearing sound isn’t necessarily the issue in this instance.
Hearing loss, especially sensorineural types such as age-related hearing loss, can get progressively worse over time, but it usually plateaus after a certain hearing threshold. Other forms of hearing loss, such as those that involve permanent damage to a crucial part of the auditory system, can result in deafness. In summary, the type of hearing loss you have can determine whether your hearing loss will result in deafness or not. Most hearing loss cases do not result in deafness and can be treated with the right hearing solutions.
The only way to know the status of your hearing health is to book a hearing appointment with a hearing professional. A hearing professional will sit down with you, answer all your hearing health questions, and evaluate the type of hearing loss you may have. They will also prescribe a treatment tailored to your hearing health needs. Request an appointment through the Campaign for Better Hearing today to begin your hearing health journey!
This volume in Schiffer’s military history series covers the various rocket launchers developed and used by Germany in the Second World War. These include the 10cm to 40/41cm range of rocket launchers, the 15cm Panzer launcher 42, the 8 cm multiple launcher and the row launching device, together with the self-propelled launchers that appeared later in the conflict.
Illustrated with photographs and line drawings it also provides data on the production, cost and performance of individual weapons, the growth of the rocket launcher force in terms of personnel and deployment and an appendix on the chronology of German rocket development.
Graphic signature fabric for a striking effect on this diminutive silhouette: the classic Coach small wristlet, perfectly proportioned for essentials.
Events overviewcoaching days greece 9coaching days greece 8coaching days greece 7coaching days greece 6COACHING DAYs GREECE 5COACHING DAYs GREECE 4COACHING DAYs GREECE 3COACHING DAYs GREECE 2COACHING DAYs GREECE 1
Abstract - An experiment tested whether mental coherence entrained in groups would affect sequences of data generated by truly random number generators (RNGs) in the vicinity of those groups. Coherence was entrained by having groups listen to a prescribed series of binaural-beat rhythms during a 6-day workshop. Two RNGs based on electronic noise and one on radioactive decay latencies were located in the building where the workshops took place. Random data were continually collected from these RNGs during 14 workshops. As controls, the same RNGs generated data in the same locations and times but during 8 weeks when no workshops took place. Other RNGs in two distant locations were run as additional controls.
An exploratory hypothesis predicted that fluctuations in entrained mental coherence associated with the workshop activities would modulate the random data recorded during the workshops. This was predicted to result in positive correlations between random data streams collected from one workshop to the next. Results showed that during the workshops the overall correlation was positive, as predicted (p = .008); during control periods the same RNGs produced chance results (p = .74). Random data generated in distant locations also produced results consistent with chance."
Overall, this study involved collection and analysis of 143 billion random bits from different kinds of random number generators.
Interesting results from the bold frontier scientists at Monroe Institute. What was the "effect size"?
Most of these random event generators consist of crowds of independent systems whose intrinsic randomness is increased by the fact that they are all independent. Would be great to discover/invent some Skimble-Skamble Single System (S4) that is "quantum random", but not subject to the crowd-dilution effect and that would produce lots of "random" bits as a target for experiments which attempt to measure the influence of coherence human intent.
A challenge to physicists. I wish I was smart and knowledgeable enough to come up with a robust and viable S4 system.
It is interesting that this experiment shows a distance effect - whereas Sheldrake claims some of his results are distance independent.
I guess the obvious next step is to set up a number of RNG's at different distances from such a group.
I imagine getting a group together for such an experiment, may be logistically difficult, and I wonder if pop concerts could be useful (everyone listening to the same music, and more or less in tune emotionally).
I just read this article, and Stephen Braude's editorial in the same issue of JSE. He points out the fact that there really can't be a truly double blind or even single blind experiment in parapsychology (or for that matter in any other scientific discipline), since the very phenomena being investigated involve remote influences of conscious or subliminal (unconscious) minds including the researchers' themselves, which may have themselves influenced the experiment in unknown ways. This concern seems minor in this case, but I guess it must be a remote possibility.
A sort of S4 system is made by a Swiss company named idQuantique. See http://www.idquantique.com/products/quantis.htm. I have one of these.
Many other commercially available RNGs involve processing electronic noise of one flavor or another, although the radiation-based version I use works via detection of individual radioactive hits. I use the RM60 detector, made by Aware Electronics. See http://www.aw-el.com/
But we're not so sure how remote. My colleagues and I have often pondered this "source of psi" issue.
I suspect that some people are like powerful permanent magnets and others more like iron filings. So these powerful magnets can have a much more powerful influence on the environment, including other people, than the average person. Probably anyone can increase their own level of permanent magnetism by training some suitable method.
Dean, I wouldn't be surprised if you yourself act as an amplifier to the effects that you see in your own experiments (I remember you reflected on this in the paper on with the meditating monks observing the double slit). I haven't looked into this in detail, but don't you have an unusual high success rate in your experiments? Have you looked at the effect sizes in your experiments compared to that of others?
How does the effect on the RNGs in this experiment, where you have a relatively small group of "entangled minds", compare to the effects seen in the average Global Consciousness Project experiment where much large groups are involved? And how does the effect (in this experiment) compare to those experiments where you have a single meditator intentionally trying to effect an RNG?
Given all the variables that differ in each of these types of experiments, do these comparisons tell us anything interesting?
It's good, but not as good as some others. Helmut Schmidt, for example, obtained results with highly selected subjects that I practically never see in my studies. When I've worked with "special subjects" I do get bigger effects, but having the opportunity to find and work with those people is rare.
> Given all the variables that differ in each of these types of experiments, do these comparisons tell us anything interesting?
A systematic comparison would be interesting, but so far no one has done it because these types of experiments are so different.
Tor:'Dean, I wouldn't be surprised if you yourself act as an amplifier to the effects that you see in your own experiments (I remember you reflected on this in the paper on with the meditating monks observing the double slit). I haven't looked into this in detail, but don't you have an unusual high success rate in your experiments? '
Part of this is IMHO a non-paranormal "coaching" effect. Researchers like Schmidt and Radin are like football coaches who are motivated to lead winning teams. Researchers like Wiseman and Hyman are like coaches who are (perhaps subconsciously) trying to get fired. Similarly, a lot of research with "friendly audiences" resembles a sports effect sometimes called "the crowd is the extra team-member."
There is also the possibility that some people are, like Socrates in Plato's dialogues, the "midwives" of talent. Thus (assuming Plato to be accurate) Socrates could teach people to be excellent navigators, although Socrates himself was not a navigator. Possibly some people are "anti-midwives," who manage to jinx budding talents by steering them into self-defeating paths.
I am very excited by the binaural beat results. For several decades I have been interested in a goal that I sometimes call "the industrial engineering of psi." Just as automobiles existed before Henry Ford, but mass production made automobiles a pragmatic technology, just as computer workstations existed at Xerox PARC but Timex, Apple, Amiga, and Tandy made computers into pragmatic tools, I would like to see psi become a pragmatic tool.
This goal is hard to publicize, because I don't mean "commercialization" or "militarization" or "dependence on prosthetics." If anyone has a better term than "industrial engineering," I'll adopt it. But in any event, I hope something as easy to use as binaural beat technology could be the enabling factor for the industrial engineering of psi.
"As controls, the same RNGs generated data in the same locations and times but during 8 weeks when no workshops took place. Other RNGs in two distant locations were run as additional controls."
I can suggest some other controls: RNG's placed at music concerts where a similar number of people are listening to ordinary music. RNG's placed near people listening to binaural beats but not through head phones so that their hemispheres are not synchronized by the tones. A Sci-fi convention. A skeptic convention.
It would be interesting to really know if the binaural beats give the effect or if the effect is due to just harmonious consciousness that you would get at any group of people gathered for the same purpose.
Is there any evidence suggesting the rng effect was more distinct during times when the participants listening to binaural beats?
It is interesting that at seances the spirits often request sitters to sing or play music because of the mental harmony it creates in the minds of the sitters. This might be a similar phenomena - both seem to be related to pk - rng effects and physical mediumship.
Another possible variation on this type of experiment would be to have the same remote and local distribution of REGs, but to have the intention set to influence the remote, rather than the local REGs.
Has this been done? It seems to be one way to approach the distance independence issue, but I haven't heard about experimental results in a similar configuration.
Subscribe to my blog to stay up to date of future courses, software and FREE training to help you start and grow your online business.
Learn EXACTLY step by step how newbies are killing it online and getting paid $100 plus per day straight to paypal
Copyright text 2017 by Learn How To Make Money From Home. - Designed by Thrive Themes | Powered by WordPress
It’s been a while since we posted a testimony regarding how Transformational Giving (TG) is changing the way missionaries and church interact with regard to the mission task. Check out this update from Carrie and Joe Schmit of World Gospel Mission on … Continue reading →
When It Comes to the Foundation of your Fundraising Program, Rely Completely on the Generosity of the Poor.
Great email this week from Judi Nation at Tulsa’s Destiny Center. She wrote: Hi Pastor Foley, My name is Judi Nation in Tulsa, OK, and I am on the staff of a church that is just over one year old–Destiny … Continue reading →
Posted in Uncategorized	| Tagged Christian Fundraising, Church, Church Leadership, Coaching Champions, Development, Donors, Generosity, Ministry Leadership, Poor vs. Rich, Transformational Giving	| Leave a comment
Tip of the cap to Peter Leithart for his post on mimetic humanity, or how humans are wired to learn just about everything through imitation far more than through explanation or training or emotional stimulation. The issue is absolutely crucial … Continue reading →
Posted in Uncategorized	| Tagged Christianity, Church, Coaching Champions, Comprehensive Maturity, Development, Discipleship, Donors, Generosity, Giving, Imitation, Ministry Leadership, Transformational Giving	| Leave a comment
If you want to be transformed, share your testimony before you’re transformed (and other lessons I learned from coaching traumatized North Koreans)
If any member requires advice on declarations of interests, they are advised to contact the Head of Democratic Governance in advance of the meeting.
To agree the minutes of the meetings held on 17 March 2016, 6 April 2016 and 14 April 2016 as a true and correct record.
The minutes of the previous meetings held on 17 March 2016, 6 April 2016 and 14 April 2016 were signed by the Chairman as a true and correct record.
The Committee to consider the Executive and Cabinet Member decisions within the remit of the Resilient Communities Scrutiny Committee.
The Committee considered the Executive Decisions taken since the last meeting of the Committee and asked a number of questions regarding PH26/2016 ‘Adult Social Care – Care at Home Fee Rates 2016/2017’. In response, Ms Karen Smith, Deputy Director of People advised that a full cost of care exercise had been undertaken in order to determine the fee rate proposals. Councillor Cain, Cabinet Secretary added that the ambition was that all providers would pay the Joseph Rowntree Living Wage within the next two years, but that currently the Government’s new living wage was being implemented, resulting in employees under the age of 25 receiving a lower wage.
Members noted the large increase in the rate for sleep-in shifts from an average amount of £4.50 per hour to £8.00 per hour and requested more information regarding when the sleep-in rate was paid. Ms Smith advised that the rate was paid for sleeping only and that a different rate was applicable when awake, which was in line with case law. In response to a further question, she added that sleeping shifts varied in length and duties were dependent on the nature of the person’s needs.
The Committee to consider the content of the Council’s Forward Plan, May 2016 – August 2016, relating to the portfolio of the Cabinet Secretary.
The Committee considered the items contained within the Forward Plan, May 2016 – August 2016 within the portfolio of the Cabinet Secretary and requested an update on the ‘Headstart Round Three Funding Bid Result and Future Action’. Mrs Del Curtis, Director of People advised that the bid was being formally presented in the next few weeks and an outcome was expected by the end of June 2016.
Members discussed the ‘School Place Planning Next Steps’ and were advised by Mrs Curtis that the Council had a statutory responsibility to ensure there were enough school places for children within Blackpool. She added that there was a predicted shortage in secondary school places and that a free school bid was currently being considered by the Department for Education, which would create the required number of places.
In response to questions, Mrs Curtis reported that child refugees were expected in Blackpool and that the whole school system was being considered in order to work through potential pressures. She also advised that academies set their own admissions criteria, but that all applications for school places, including to academies, were processed by the local authority’s Admissions Team.
The Committee agreed to receive a detailed paper on School Place Planning once a decision had been made by the Department for Education on the free school application.
The Committee to consider the Workplan, together with any suggestions that Members may wish to make for scrutiny review.
Mrs Sharon Davis, Scrutiny Manager advised that should the establishment of a Health Scrutiny Committee be approved at Annual Council on 16 May 2016, a review of the Resilient Communities Scrutiny Committee Workplan would be undertaken to ensure that the workplan reflected the new terms of reference of the Committee.
The Committee discussed the Implementation of Recommendations table and noted the previous request to receive training on how Adults Social Care Services were regulated by the Care Quality Commission and the Council. The Chairman requested that a briefing paper be provided instead of a training session.
Members also noted the response received from Blackpool Teaching Hospitals Foundation Trust regarding the use of the pharmacist on the Blackpool Victoria Hospital site and requested that the Trust be asked to investigate whether changes could be made to the contract of Lloyds pharmacy, to allow the pharmacy to dispense normal prescriptions in addition to hospital scripts.
2. To request a briefing paper rather than a training session on regulation of Adult Social Care Services.
3. To request that Blackpool Teaching Hospitals Foundation Trust investigate whether changes could be made to the contract of Lloyds pharmacy to allow the pharmacy to dispense normal prescriptions.
To update the Committee on the work of the Blackpool Better Start Partnership to allow effective scrutiny.
Mrs Merle Davies, Director, Centre for Early Child Development (CECD), gave a presentation to the Committee about the work undertaken by Better Start to date. She advised that Better Start was focussed on three key outcomes: Social and Emotional Development, Communication and Language and Diet and Nutrition and that a large number of initiatives and programmes had been put in place to achieve the three key outcomes. She added that Better Start was also focussed on providing sustainability and continuing beyond the funded pilot stage.
The Chairman invited questions from the Committee and a question was raised regarding the ability of Better Start to measure the outcomes from the first 18 months. In response, Mrs Davies advised that many initiatives were still being established and that work was currently being undertaken to identify the performance indicators to be measured. In response to a further question, Mrs Davies reported that the Big Lottery was undertaking six monthly reviews of Better Start and had reported that good progress was being made. In addition, the Big Lottery attended all Better Start Executive Board meetings.
Members noted that a key piece of work related to volunteers and queried if links had been established to the Volunteer Strategy being developed by the Council. Councillor Maria Kirkland, Cabinet Member for Third Sector Engagement and Development, advised that a joined up approach was being taken.
In response to questioning, Mrs Davies advised that the £1.6 million funding for Parks and Open Spaces was not split evenly between the three parks and that the Park Rangers were working across the whole provision. Furthermore, the improvement and renovations were wheelchair friendly and provision had been made for other disabilities.
The Committee discussed the Head Start initiative, which was also being funding by the Big Lottery and Mrs Davies advised that there were strong links between the two organisations.
To inform the Committee of the work undertaken by Adult Services on a day to day basis in order to allow effective scrutiny of services.
Ms Karen Smith, Deputy Director of People (Adult Services), presented the Adult Services Overview Report and the Chairman invited questions from the Committee.
The Committee commended the excellent work of Links Lodge in achieving an ‘Outstanding’ Care Quality Commission (CQC) judgement and queried if the best practice could be shared across providers in Blackpool. Ms Smith advised that all CQC reports were published online, which providers were encouraged to read. She added that there was a provider forum in Blackpool where best practice was shared.
Members noted that there was one Residential Care and Nursing Home rated as inadequate and queried if the home was making sufficient progress. In response, Ms Smith advised that the Council was working closely with the home and was confident that progress was being made. She added that all homes requiring improvement received enhanced monitoring or were subject to suspension until adequate progress was made.
Members also noted that two small residential homes had had their contracts terminated and queried the reasons behind the decisions. Ms Smith reported that the issues at the homes had ranged from maintaining records accurately to undertaking safety checks and that a contract would only be terminated with a provider if it was clear that sufficient improvement could not be made. Councillor Cross, Cabinet Member for Adult Safeguarding and Health Inequalities added that care homes were offered high levels of support in order to prevent issues occurring and receipt of poor inspection reports.
The Committee asked a number of questions around the recruitment and retention of care home staff and was advised by Ms Smith that ‘inadequate staffing levels’ were a sector wide regional problem and that Healthier Lancashire was taking the strategic lead in addressing the problem.
In response to a question, Ms Smith advised that she had not received any complaints regarding the availability of respite services and that there appeared to be satisfactory availability.
The Committee commended the ‘good’ inspection outcome of the Council’s Coopers Way Respite Service and noted the good leadership at the facility.
The Committee went on to consider the recent changes to Intermediate Care and requested that a detailed update be provided in approximately six months to report on how the service was working.
To receive the response to the report recently published by Blackpool Healthwatch into Domiciliary Care services in Blackpool.
Mr Stephen Garner, Manager, Healthwatch presented the Healthwatch report into Domicilary Care Services in Blackpool. He highlighted that the survey had been undertaken as it had been identified as a priority by Healthwatch in April 2015. Mr Garner reported that 750 surveys had been circulated with 98 returned, which was a response rate of 13%. The survey asked key questions around the choice of time for service users and whether the service had met their needs and had provided a largely favourable response.
Mr Garner added that the main issues identified through the survey were a lack of choice relating to the time when carers arrived, carers often arriving late and not staying the full length of time. He reported that the survey report had been forwarded to the Council for response and would also be presented to the Providers’ Forum as many of the recommendations related directly to providers.
The Committee questioned the response rate and whether more could be done to improve the number of responses. Mr Garner advised that the survey had been distributed in an easy read format and had been made as simple as possible to encourage responses. In response to a further question, Ms Smith advised that the response rate of 13% was broadly consistent with response rates to Adult Social Care surveys.
In response to a question, Mr Garner advised that there was no breakdown of the client group available, only the age range and gender/ethnicity of those that had responded. He added that some responses had been submitted by carers on behalf of service users.
The Committee noted that the survey responses had been received from service users who commissioned their own care, in addition to service users whose care was commissioned by the Council. Ms Smith advised that it was unlikely that carers would always arrive on time due to the need for flexibility in their roles but that a service user should receive the full allocation of time whether the carer arrived on time or not.
Members commented that should Healthwatch undertake a similar survey in the future then a question pertaining to being treated with dignity and respect during visits should be asked.
The Committee considered the Council response to the report and noted the proposal to raise the issue of wearing identification badges at contract review meetings and questioned the timescale for undertaking the action. Ms Smith advised that the issue would be raised at the Provider’s Forum, however, the Council could only reach providers from whom it commissioned services.
In response to a further question, Ms Smith confirmed that the Council did not commission 15 minute visits and expected to be told by a provider if not enough time had been allocated for any visit in order that it could be reviewed and the amount of allocated time increased where appropriate.
Members queried if there was a timeline for the implementation of the recommendations and were advised by Mr Garner that one had not been developed, but ... view the full minutes text for item 9.
To inform scrutiny of the work undertaken by Children’s Services on a day to day basis and to update on the progress and implementation of developments within the area in order to allow effective scrutiny of services.
Mrs Del Curtis, Director of People, presented the Children’s Services Improvement Report and the Chairman invited questions from the Committee.
The Committee discussed the significant increase in work being experienced by Children’s Services and queried how staff were coping with the additional pressure and if any reasons or trends for the increase had been identified. In response, Mrs Curtis advised that the number and complexity of cases had been increasing since December 2015. She advised that all data and information was being considered in order to redesign services, where appropriate and to alleviate pressure on services and staff. She also advised that Accident and Emergency Services and the Police were experiencing similar increases in volumes of work in Blackpool, but that the same increases were not being experienced across the whole of the North West region.
Members queried the success of the recent foster carer recruitment drive and were advised by Ms Amanda Hatton, Deputy Director of People (Early Help and Social Care) that there had been a lot of initial interest but a limited conversions. It was requested that the number and percentage of conversions be included in the next report to Committee. In response to further questions, Ms Hatton advised that Blackpool Council remunerated foster carers in line with the national pay framework, with additional payments made for carers with key skills supporting more complex cases and that a large amount of support was provided to carers, including a good training offer. Councillor Cain added that provision of incentives to foster carers had not been considered to date and that celebration events were held to commend the work of foster carers.
Members went on to discuss the application process to become a foster carer and queried the impact of the process on the number of conversions. Ms Hatton reported that many applicants found the process helpful as it demonstrated the complexities of the role and allowed applicants to consider if it was right for them to become a foster carer.
It was noted that 11 foster carers currently had exemption certificates to allow them to look after more than three children in care. Ms Hatton advised that exemption certificates would only be signed by Senior Managers within Children’s Social Care, following consultation with the children already being looked after by the foster carer and if there was a specific need for the exemption, for example a large sibling group.
The Committee requested that further details of the consultation event to be held regarding the review of Speech, Language and Communication across Blackpool and the strategic group established to implement the transformational plan for Autism Spectrum Disorder, be circulated to Members following the meeting.
Members commended the recent ‘Outstanding’ Ofsted inspection result at St Nicholas Church of England Primary School and queried the reason for the significant improvement from the previous rating of ‘Requires Improvement’. In response, Mrs Curtis advised that the new leadership at the school had been responsible for the significant improvement and that the good practice ... view the full minutes text for item 10.
To note the date and time of the next meeting as Thursday 9 June 2016, commencing at 6pm in Committee Room A, subject to confirmation at Annual Council.
The Committee noted the date and time of the next meeting as Thursday 9 June 2016 commencing at 6pm in the Council Chamber, subject to confirmation at Annual Council.
A sterling silver charm with a classy high heel design. A touch of colour makes this a stand out charm and a fashionable addition to your collection.
We provide full service solutions for all of your data management and Web site development needs. Our team of experienced managers, designers, and software engineers can create a system or Web site that matches your requirements, your budget, and your time constraints.
This box is a note. You can add and remove as many boxes as you want. Boxes can be used to display things like location info, store hours, pictures, ads, etc. They can be managed and moved around to other side or footer bars. Boxes are static and appear on every page.
Known for its diverse shopping and dining options, Mt. Kisco is a thriving hub located at the halfway point between the Hudson River and the Connecticut border.
Mt. Kisco's "Little Crepe Street" offers well-prepared savory and sweet crepes to locals in a homey setting.
Located 36 miles north of Manhattan, Mount Kisco's 10,000 residents are spread across three square miles of verdant, suburban streets.
Though massage therapy chair carry on being a common alternative amongst massage therapy experienced therapist, rub down kitchen tables include the normal running instrument. They're not only essentially the most comfy surface area intended for clientele, nevertheless they provide a masseuse a larger selection of motion along with give use of virtually all the main groups of muscles. Sorts of Massage therapy Furniture
Nearly all rub down furniture are built to provide various massage therapy approaches. Adaptable as well as extractible areas (commonly from the chest muscles area intended for sitting upright, the tibia bone location regarding building a recliner-like couch, or perhaps in the actual belly place to produce area intended for with child customers) are available in many different combos, determined by that style is utilized. For instance, should you typically execute calf as well as feet massage therapy, you would possibly gain from a new dining room table that has a diminished feet sleep, that could provide you with sitting whilst you function.
e "Wet" therapeutic massage dining tables, that may experience major dampness or maybe h2o remedies pertaining to massage work with.
to Skin rub down dining tables, using increased system to be able to offer rub practitioners availability on the brain place.
to Flat-top therapeutic massage dining tables, that are normally strong within framework in addition to include a look and feel to some health spa or maybe shop.
to Shiatsu rub dining tables, with the more a expanable system with the masseuse to be able to kneel.
to Transportable rub kitchen tables, which in turn fold similar to massage therapy chair for straightforward travel. Almost all massage therapy experienced therapist only have to purchase wedding and reception rub down stand determined by his or her principal concentration. One example is, a new being pregnant rub expert may use prenatal massage therapy kitchen table having completely removable systems. Like this, the particular dining room table offers a flat working surface for normal consumers, even so the cells are easy to remove for usage along with pregnant ladies. For the reason that kitchen table are going to be engrossed in any linen through make use of, nearly all consumers won't have any idea the real difference.
When selecting any rub down dining room table, it is very important watch in your special organization. Can you have one particular ability, as well as are you planning a trip to buyer places? Do you want any specialised stand to your distinct kind of rub, as well as can an ordinary desk become satisfactory? The method that you operate your organization would be the major affect on the options you are making.
Yet another high quality to take into consideration inside a rub down stand contains the particular width on the support you intend to employ. Luxurious support can feel ideal for consumers, nevertheless it normally needs to be exchanged more reguarily and isn't employed for athletics therapeutic massage. Dense, are more durable space-age foam will certainly withstand usage, but it really will come with the compromise associated with ease and comfort.
Your formula from the table's is made of a factor, also. Tough hardwoods (just like walnut) often keep more importance and are also incredibly tough, however they are likewise higher priced. You could be able to dig up absent having an eco-friendly bamboo bedding and sheets framework or even a light in weight metal, nevertheless extreme push from you or even a more substantial buyer may decrease the all round power.
Even though users' sizes and shapes range, the majority of furniture can easily provide just about everybody. Nonetheless, associated with pension transfer items, there are not many relegations to this particular. By way of example, convenient platforms, that happen to be commonly made up of a light-weight precious metal, can have excess weight and/or peak rules. To acquire surrounding this, it is advisable to search for furniture that contain "cable-lock" devices to produce extra pounds help plus the chance to resist rocking or maybe increased motion. Besides purchaser sizing, masseuse dimension is another element. Almost all massage therapy kitchen tables also come in many different sizes. Though bigger platforms generally give additional ease for you to customers, any masseuse who's going to be faster as compared to 5'4" will often have difficulty getting to entirely over a new 32-inch stand. Generally speaking, the peak on the table shouldn't meet or exceed the particular rub therapist's fashionable spot. The dining room table which can be elevated or perhaps decreased along with hydraulics as well as an electric powered element could possibly present an excellent answer with regard to massage therapy places of work with a single doctor. Preserving Therapeutic massage Platforms Thoroughly clean
Regardless of what sort of rub down kitchen table you make use of, the principle issue for some customers in addition to massage therapy counselors is how you can hold any therapeutic massage stand hygienic with regard to replicated utilize. Usually, dining tables ought to be washed with a few form of gentle, non-abrasive answer that does not include virtually any hard ingredients or perhaps contaminants in the air. Area of expertise therapeutic massage kitchen table cleansers in many cases are greatest, because they take away any kind of rub down herbal oils through the area and still provide good cleanliness without having putting almost any substances that may stop best for buyers together with hypersensitive skin tone.
Simply because repetitive washing can often be difficult upon surface types, present-day massage therapy dining tables usually give a higher-quality support along with underlay include in comparison with was utilized during the past. Additionally they offer you far more assortment than in the past regarding the components these are crafted from, his or her changeable components, as well as precisely how wonderful they appear in the health spa environment. Where ever you choose to work or perhaps the type of rub down you actually training, we have a kitchen table suitable for an individual -- and also your buyers.
While rub ergonomic chairs stay a well known solution amongst massage therapy practitioners, rub down kitchen tables include the typical functioning device. They are not only by far the most comfy exterior pertaining to customers, nonetheless they present you with a masseuse a larger variety of movements and also scholarhip use of virtually all the foremost muscle tissues. Varieties of Massage therapy Dining tables
The majority of rub down platforms are meant to support various therapeutic massage methods. Changeable as well as extractible areas (generally within the chest muscles location intended for sitting upright, the tibia bone place regarding developing a recliner-like seats, or perhaps the actual belly location for making area intended for expecting a baby clientele) can be obtained in many different mixtures, determined by which often type is employed. By way of example, in case you usually accomplish calf in addition to foot or so deep massages, you would possibly reap the benefits of a new stand using a diminished feet sleep, that will make you sitting down as you do the job.
to "Wet" rub down kitchen tables, which often can experience hefty humidness or maybe mineral water treatment options pertaining to club work with.
e Cosmetic rub down furniture, using elevated software to help allow massage therapy experienced counselors availability for the go location.
to Flat-top rub down dining tables, that are commonly tough with design along with give a look and feel with a massage or perhaps restaurant.
a Shiatsu rub down dining tables, having an further a expanable podium to the masseuse to help kneel.
e Transportable rub down furniture, which often collapsible a lot like therapeutic massage chair for convenient vehicles. Almost all rub experienced counselors only have to purchase wedding and reception rub desk determined by their own main emphasis. As an example, the being pregnant rub professional will use prenatal rub dining room table along with extractible sections. This way, your stand supplies a flat workiing surace for normal clientele, nevertheless the cells are easy to remove to be used having pregnant women. Considering that the stand will probably be engrossed in some sort of page for the duration of employ, many buyers will not be aware the gap.
In choosing some sort of therapeutic massage kitchen table, you should watch for a exclusive small business. Can you act on 1 capability, or even are you planning a trip to consumer areas? Do you require the area of expertise dining room table for the distinct sort of rub, or maybe will certainly a normal desk possibly be ample? The way you work your company would be the main relation to the option you will be making.
An additional excellent to take into consideration in the therapeutic massage dining room table contains the actual breadth in the support you wish to make use of. Luxurious cushioning seems ideal for consumers, nonetheless it generally needs to be exchanged more reguarily and isn't used in athletics rub down. Dense, are more durable memory foam will probably resist usage, nonetheless it may appear for the compromise associated with convenience.
The particular structure with the table's is made of a factor, too. Difficult timber (including walnut) have a tendency to maintain excess fat and are also quite tough, but they're in addition higher priced. There's a chance you're able to find absent with the eco-friendly bamboo sheets figure or perhaps a light-weight lightweight aluminum, nevertheless extreme push on your behalf or maybe a weightier purchaser could possibly decrease it's over-all energy.
Despite the fact that householders' sizes and heights fluctuate, the majority of furniture will be able to support most people. Nevertheless, associated with pension transfer issues, within the inland northwest relegations to the. For instance, lightweight dining tables, which can be generally constructed from a light-weight material, might have fat and/or peak rules. To obtain for this, it's always best to try to find dining tables which may have "cable-lock" programs to supply extra body fat assist in addition to the power to tolerate rocking or even extreme motion. Together with purchaser sizing, masseuse dimension is additionally a aspect. The majority of massage therapy platforms also come in a range of sizes. Although larger platforms usually supply a lot more comfort and ease in order to buyers, the masseuse who's going to be reduced when compared with 5'4" may have a hard time hitting all the way up around the 32-inch kitchen table. Generally speaking, the peak on the table should not go beyond this rub down therapist's fashionable spot. Some sort of desk that could be increased as well as lessened using hydraulics or maybe a power aspect could possibly produce an perfect option regarding massage therapy places of work exceeding 1 specialist. Retaining Therapeutic massage Platforms Clear
Whatever sort of therapeutic massage desk you make use of, the key issue for many customers as well as therapeutic massage experienced therapist is how you can retain the therapeutic massage dining room table hygienic pertaining to recurring utilize. Usually, platforms must be cleaned out with many kind of minor, non-abrasive alternative it doesn't incorporate virtually any severe artificial additives or even things that trigger allergies. Specialised massage therapy desk cleansing agents in many cases are ideal, because they get rid of virtually any therapeutic massage skin oils through the floor and supply wonderful personal hygiene devoid of incorporating any kind of chemical compounds which may stop best to buyers using vulnerable skin tone.
Simply because duplicated cleanup can be hard in materials, present-day therapeutic massage dining tables commonly present you with a higher-quality extra padding and also extra padding protect in comparison with was utilized previously. In addition they offer you much more assortment than any other time with regards to the supplies they're crafted from, their own flexible components, and in some cases the way wonderful they are in the club location. Where ever you're employed or perhaps what sort of massage therapy an individual exercise, we have a desk suitable for anyone -- plus your buyers.
Despite the fact that massage therapy chair remain a common selection involving therapeutic massage experienced counselors, rub down kitchen tables would be the regular functioning instrument. They are not only essentially the most secure exterior regarding clientele, they provide a masseuse an increased selection of movements along with scholarhip usage of just about all the key groups of muscles. Varieties of Rub Kitchen tables
Almost all therapeutic massage kitchen tables are built to provide various rub approaches. Variable as well as detachable pieces (normally inside the chest muscles location regarding sitting upright, the lower limb area with regard to setting up a recliner-like fit, maybe in the actual mid-section location to generate place intended for expectant consumers) can be obtained in a number of combos, determined by which often type is needed. One example is, should you typically execute lower-leg in addition to ft . gardening, you would possibly make use of any stand that has a reduced ft . remainder, that will make you sitting down as you perform.
a "Wet" massage therapy furniture, which often can undertake weighty wetness or perhaps drinking water therapies regarding health spa make use of.
i Face rub down dining tables, having brought up software in order to allow therapeutic massage experienced therapist quick access towards mind region.
i Flat-top therapeutic massage platforms, which might be commonly tough throughout composition and also convey a looks to your day spa as well as restaurant.
i Lightweight therapeutic massage kitchen tables, which in turn collapse comparable to therapeutic massage seats for quick travelling. Almost all therapeutic massage practitioners only have to buy wedding and reception rub dining room table based on their own principal concentrate. For instance, any carrying a child massage therapy consultant may use prenatal massage therapy stand having detachable solar panels. In this manner, your desk offers a flat working surface for normal customers, however the cells is easy to remove to be used together with pregnant women. Considering that the dining room table will likely be engrossed in the published in the course of employ, almost all consumers will not have any idea the main difference.
In choosing a new therapeutic massage dining room table, it is very important watch in your exclusive company. Does one act on one particular capability, as well as contemplating touring buyer spots? Do you require the specialised dining room table to your unique form of therapeutic massage, or even can an ordinary kitchen table become adequate? How you will function your small business is definitely the major affect on the options you will be making.
One more top quality to contemplate in the therapeutic massage stand consists of this breadth from the cushioning you wish to employ. Deluxe underlay thinks just the thing for buyers, nevertheless it commonly needs to be exchanged often and isn't employed for sports activities rub down. Solid, tougher space-age foam will certainly withstand damage, however it may appear for the forfeit regarding comfort and ease.
This arrangement on the table's is made of an option, too. Challenging forest (such as walnut) usually store excess fat and therefore are quite resilient, however they are in addition more pricey. You may be able to find out by having an eco-friendly bamboo bedding framework or possibly a light-weight aluminium, although too much push from you or perhaps a heavy buyer may minimize it is total energy.
While consumers' size and shapes change, nearly all furniture have the ability to cater to most people. Nevertheless, there's issues, there aren't many ommissions to the present. As an example, easily transportable kitchen tables, that happen to be commonly constructed from a light-weight steel, could possibly have pounds and/or level limits. For getting with this, it is advisable to search for platforms which have "cable-lock" methods to produce excess weight help and also the capacity to stand up to rocking or even too much action. As well as buyer sizing, masseuse dimension is fashionable element. Nearly all rub furniture can be found in many different sizes. Whilst larger furniture normally present a lot more comfort and ease in order to consumers, any masseuse that's quicker when compared with 5'4" could have difficulty attaining right over a new 32-inch stand. Generally speaking, the peak on the table must not surpass this rub down therapist's stylish place. The kitchen table which can be elevated or maybe diminished using hydraulics as well as a power aspect may possibly present an perfect alternative intended for rub office buildings craigs list one particular physician. Preserving Rub Furniture Clean up
It doesn't matter what style of rub desk you employ, the principal matter for the majority of clientele and also therapeutic massage experienced counselors is how you can hold some sort of therapeutic massage desk hygienic pertaining to recurring make use of. More often than not, dining tables must be washed by form of moderate, non-abrasive remedy that does not consist of virtually any hard artificial additives or maybe things that trigger allergies. Area of expertise massage therapy stand purifiers are sometimes ideal, simply because get rid of virtually any therapeutic massage natural skin oils through the surface area and gives excellent health with no including virtually any chemical substances which may 't be best for customers along with delicate skin tone.
Simply because duplicated cleansing can often be difficult about surface types, modern day massage therapy dining tables usually give you a higher-quality cushioning as well as extra padding include in comparison with was adopted in past times. In addition they provide a lot more selection than ever the supplies these are made from, their particular flexible areas, as well as precisely how good they are in the health spa environment. Wherever you're employed as well as which kind of massage therapy an individual training, there's a kitchen table great for anyone -- as well as your buyers.
Because of the significant risk of agranulocytosis and seizures, events which both present a continuing risk over time, the extended treatment of patients failing to show an acceptable level of clinical response should ordinarily be avoided.
In addition, diagnostic testing is of limited value, because no test is currently available to confirm&nbsp;exposure to ricin definitively.
Even in patients totally without cytochrome b5 reductase activity, however, and even assuming that the nitrate moieties of nitroglycerin are quantitatively applied to oxidation of hemoglobin, about 1 mg/kg of nitroglycerin should be required before any of these patients manifests clinically significant (âĽ 10%) methemoglobinemia.
Routine visits with a primary health care practitioner for screening and maintenance examinations may be helpful.
The oral clearance of alprazolam (given in a 0.8 mg single dose) was increased from 0.90Âą0.21 mL/min/kg to 2.13Âą0.54 mL/min/kg and the elimination t1/2 was shortened (from 17.1Âą4.9 to 7.7Âą1.7 h) following administration of 300 mg/day carbamazepine for 10 days (see [#section-8.4 PRECAUTIONSâDrug Interactions]). However, the carbamazepine dose used in this study was fairly low compared to the recommended doses (1000â1200 mg/day); the effect at usual carbamazepine doses is unknown.
Available in 3 sizes, the M40 mask combines the protective mechanisms of a charcoal filter against vapors involved in chemical warfare (especially nerve agents and blistering agents) and a HEPA filter against biological warfare particles in 1 screw-on filter canister.
You do not catch pneumonia by not dressing properly for cold weather or by being caught in the rain.
Debs Park, which I call "my big back yard" and where I hike all the time, was in LAWeekly's "Best of LA".
[ July 07, 2018 ] 500 words essay on sardar vallabhbhai patel How to write, For Students, Our Library
Native americans in present-day maine belong to either the passamaquoddy or Penobscot tribe. The penobscot reservation is on Indian Island, in the penobscot river near Old Town, and the two passamaquoddy reservations are in Washington county. Maine has one of the oldest state constitutions still in effect in the United States. It became effective in 1819, when maine was admitted to the Union. It has frequently been amended, but this has not changed the basic structure of the state government. Maine sends two members to the. House of Representatives and two members to the.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the 1992-crime rate per 1000 people in maine was 131; California&apos;s was 1120. Some could argue that these crimes might have no impact on children, so let&apos;s look at the child abuse rates. tags: Free argumentative essays Free essays 659 words (1.9 pages) search Term: Sort By: Most RelevantColor RatingEssay length The population grew during the 1990s.8 percent. Only 40 percent of maines people live in areas classified as urban, making maine the third most rural state in the nation, behind Vermont and West Virginia. The average population density in 2002 was 42 per. However, the density in about one-half the state is about 1 person per 1 per. More than one-half the population lives in the southwest corner of the state. Whites comprise the vast majority essay of maines residents, representing.9 percent of the people in 2000. Another.7 percent is Asians,.6 percent are native americans,.5 percent are blacks, and.2 percent are of mixed heritage or did not report race. Native hawaiians and other Pacific Islanders numbered 382. Hispanics, who may be of any race, represent.7 percent of the people.
Further complicating the issue is the matter of thriving lobster populations during recent years when other marine wildlife populations are experiencing severe losses along the same region of the eastern seaboard. tags: Business Essays Research Papers 2512 words (7.2 pages) - maine is More family Friendly than California i moved to california three years ago from maine. I really like it here. But when my husband and supermarket I start a family, i want to move back. Quite simply, maine is a better place to raise children than California. There are many reasons why maine is superior. Take the crime rate, for example.
This would enable them to operate a navy far from home. Free essays 429 words (1.2 pages) -. Maine Captain Charles Sigsbee of the uss maine, a battleship of the United State&apos;s Atlantic Fleet, was writing a letter to his wife about his hopefulness for the success of his mission in this foreign possession (Chidsey 54). Just as he sealed the envelope a small explosion shook the ship followed by a mammoth detonation that rocked her and the surrounding areas (Chidsey 57). Sigsbee ran for his life, collected what he could of his detachment and the rest of the crew, and moved to organize the ensuing chaos. tags: American History. Research Papers 1821 words (5.2 pages) - maines Commercial Lobster Industry summary Scientists predict a major population crash of maine lobsters in the near future, due to over-harvesting, increasing demand, and a lack of successful regulatory measures reflecting such factors. The attempt to introduce various policy measures creating more limited access to the resource has been largely ineffective due to the unique ecological, economic, and social characteristics of the state.
The eastern timber wolf travels in packs of 2-8. Free essays 685 words (2 pages) - haunted house in maine The story i collected entails a house in maine that was experiencing strange occurrences with no reasonable explanation. The ostensible answer was a supernatural presence. The story was recounted by a family member trying to remember how the story went. It was told to her when she was younger, and she heard the story first hand from her relatives who experienced the phenomena. While telling me the story many years later, she remembered many details and events.
My relatives who live in maine had a ghost in their house. tags: Ghost Stories Urban Legends. Research Papers 1054 words (3 pages) - in the late 1800s the American people and their government became more willing to risk war in defense of American interests overseas, support for and building a large modern navy began to grow. Supporters argued that if the United States did not build up its navy and acquire bases overseas, it would be shut out of foreign markets by europeans. Mahan observed that building a modern navy meant that the. Had to acquire territory for naval bases overseas.
The blueberries are native to maine and have adapted to the soils acidic and low fertility capacity. The purpose of this investigation is to see the land use changes that has possibly occurred over time and impact of blueberry farming on land in maine. Has the barren which are the areas were these blueberry farming is practiced increased. Has this increase if any affected land use for other services such as water ways. To help us we will use remote sensing tool which is the landsat Imagery and work with it in a gis station. tags: economic, cell, number, imagery.
Research Papers 1265 words (3.6 pages) - maine maine is a state in northern New England in the United States. Augusta is maines capital. tags: essays research papers. Free essays 1059 words (3 pages) - reentering the eastern timber wolf into northern maine. Before the 20th century the eastern timber wolf lived and thrived in northern and central maine. A combination of hunting and trapping however killed off most of the indigenous wolves and drove the rest into canada. The eastern timber wolf stands between 26- 36 tall, and weighs between 65- 85 pounds for a female and 80- 95 pounds for a male. They stretch from between 5-.5 feet from nose to tale.
The last connection between the course and the presentation is that maine with is one of the easiest states in the country to get elected into a seat. tags: elderly, ethnicity, immigrants. Research Papers 794 words (2.3 pages) - in 1996 the health Insurance and Accountability Act (hippa) was signed into law. The states had until October 1, 2002 to comply with the new law. This law required states to comply with its new patient privacy and security standards. According to the official website provided by the. Department of health and Human Services, hippa is explained as: The hippa privacy rule provides federal protections for personal health information held by covered entities and gives patients an array of rights with respect to that information. tags: health Care. Research Papers 2160 words (6.2 pages) - introduction: Blueberry farming is one of maine largest economic export.
Click the button above to view the complete essay, speech, term paper, or research paper. How to cite this Page, mla citation: "Maine.". Get feedback on grammar, clarity, concision and logic instantly. These two points have been reiterated multiple times throughout the past two weeks. Maine&apos;s rising average age is media a primary reason for maine&apos;s economic problems. Another concept the course has talked about a lot is how the students graduating in maine just don&apos;t want to stay in the state. It shouldn&apos;t be something to laugh about, but many people have heard the notion that maine&apos;s number one export is their youth.
three regions are part of the new England province, which in turn forms part of the Appalachian Region. Maine has a humid continental climate with a moderate summer and a long winter. The climate is generally milder along the coast, particularly in the winter. The average january temperatures in maine range from about 10 f in the northern part of the state to about 24 f along the coast. Average july temperatures range from 62 to 70 F with the southern interior being the warmest and the east coast and north the coolest. However, daytime summer temperatures may reach the lower 90s f, and temperatures in winter have fallen as low as -48 f in the interior. The population of maine in 2000 was 1,274,923, according to the national census, ranking it 40th among the states.
Maine ranks 39th in size among the states, with an area of 33,741. The area includes 2,263 sq mi) of inland water and 613 sq mi of coastal water over which it has jurisdiction. It is by far the largest state. New England and has an area nearly equal to that of all the other New England states combined. The states greatest east-west distance is 202 mi; the greatest north-south distance is 311. The mean elevation is about 600. All of maine was once guaranteed covered by glaciers, the last of which receded about 10,000 years ago. Because of the glaciers, much of maine is covered with stones, boulders, and clays. Many of the hills and mountains have been rounded, lakes have been formed, and river courses have been changed.
Length: 1059 words (3 double-spaced pages rating: Excellent, essay preview. More, maine, maine is a state in northern New England in the United States. It is bounded by the canadian provinces of québec on biography the northwest and New Brunswick on the northeast. To the southwest lies New Hampshire, and to the southeast, the Atlantic Ocean. Maine entered the Union on March 15, 1820, when it was separated from Massachusetts to form the 23rd state. Portland is the largest city. Its nickname is The pine Tree state. Maines motto is Dario (I lead). The state song is entitled State of maine song.
A good college essay,writing statement of purpose-where can i get a term paper written for. This free sociology essay on, essay : Natural or organic solidarity is perfect for Sociology students to use as an example.
By alec mortensen silver, hartland, wisconsin. Our professional team of skilled academicians is always willing to suit your needs. Essays may be typed or handwritten, but they. University assignments are a big challenge, but we can guide you. S., calling it the first scientifically proven method for choosing the sex of a child.
Review min 1100 words max1300 words, an Effective leader Factor the essay. Energy, star awards for protecting the environment through manufacturing energy -efficient products.help our customers save money, conserve energy and improve the quality of our environment. Hotel Marketing Plan Template samples For Word Pdf Format Hotel Sales And Marketing Plan Plan. Essay on Sardar Vallabhbhai patel: Know About the iron Man of India. Essay words dissertation on karl. bonnie and Clyde is a loosely made, american classic that tells the story of the two bank robbers from their first meeting.
Students walking around campus. The Office of Undergraduate. Admissions processes applications for the following types of domestic. Artist and writer Jenna Crowder writes that if artists have good i deas and the passion to get things done, the maine arts community is incredibly.
Whether you already enjoy playing with words or find writing. College Essay writing Program in maine that includes community service work as wel l as sea kayaking. The trip starts and ends in Freeport,. The following is the winning essay in the contest for the keys of the lovell Inn: Twelve years ago, we embarked on the journey of painstakingly. each maine 7th grade student during the school year m ay submit one essay. Essays may be typed or handwritten, but they.
Maine native american History culture Essay contest. Entries are due on nove mber 13, 2018. Given the important role native americans have played. College Application Essay counseling. I love essay writing and working with other writers.
Maine maine is a state in northern New England in the Uni ted States. It is bounded by the canadian provinces of québec on the. Maine is one of the best places to live in the. Down East edito r in chief Kathleen Fleury on resettling in maine — and why you too should. Our most popular student program, the maine constitution Essay and Poster Contest is designed to promote the history of maine, the maine constitution and the.
Even today, for people who formed the. This week&apos;s podcast addresses a topic that many of you might be surprised. The Office of Undergraduate.
736 lovers and beloveds an intimate history of the greater kingdom no short description lovers and beloveds an intimate history of the greater kingdom because this is pdf file * PDF *
743 manual of water supply practices m55 no short description manual of water supply practices m55 because this is pdf file * PDF *
745 america reads hamlet study guide answers no short description america reads hamlet study guide answers because this is pdf file * PDF *
746 twice tempted night prince no short description twice tempted night prince because this is pdf file * PDF *
751 The Nicomachean Ethics by Aristotle no short description The Nicomachean Ethics by Aristotle because this is pdf file * PDF *
753 virtual geographies bodies space and relations sussex studies in culture and communication no short description virtual geographies bodies space and relations sussex studies in culture and communication because this is pdf file * PDF *
764 the works of thornton w burgess vol3 illustrated bowser the hound the boy scouts in a trappers camp the burgess animal book for children the burgess bird book for children happy jack no short description the works of thornton w burgess vol3 illustrated bowser the hound the boy scouts in a trappers camp the burgess animal book for children the burgess bird book for children happy jack because this is pdf file * PDF *
768 rural social work practice no short description rural social work practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
769 charles parliamentary conduct respecting highness no short description charles parliamentary conduct respecting highness because this is pdf file * PDF *
771 selling the profession focusing on building relationships 5th edition no short description selling the profession focusing on building relationships 5th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
773 fighters fact book over 400 concepts principles and drills to make you a better fighter no short description fighters fact book over 400 concepts principles and drills to make you a better fighter because this is pdf file * PDF *
774 study guide matter and change answers no short description study guide matter and change answers because this is pdf file * PDF *
781 crimson cowboy the rise and fall of a three time champion no short description crimson cowboy the rise and fall of a three time champion because this is pdf file * PDF *
783 The Master by Colm T ib n no short description The Master by Colm T ib n because this is pdf file * PDF *
784 the secret widow a multicultural romance about love and loss a judgment novel book 2 no short description the secret widow a multicultural romance about love and loss a judgment novel book 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
790 voyages in fourth grade social studies student edition no short description voyages in fourth grade social studies student edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
792 scotland and poland historical encounters 1500 2010 no short description scotland and poland historical encounters 1500 2010 because this is pdf file * PDF *
793 ripple water donna small no short description ripple water donna small because this is pdf file * PDF *
794 sample of 7th grade family pedigree practice no short description sample of 7th grade family pedigree practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
799 common core pacing guide high school no short description common core pacing guide high school because this is pdf file * PDF *
800 make your own building blocks and build a city no short description make your own building blocks and build a city because this is pdf file * PDF *
801 design and verification of microprocessor systems for high assurance applications no short description design and verification of microprocessor systems for high assurance applications because this is pdf file * PDF *
815 healthy eating for the menopause no short description healthy eating for the menopause because this is pdf file * PDF *
818 The Power of Mesmerism by Anonymous no short description The Power of Mesmerism by Anonymous because this is pdf file * PDF *
820 forensic accounting and fraud investigation for non experts no short description forensic accounting and fraud investigation for non experts because this is pdf file * PDF *
825 how i make 4000 a week uploading simple online courses to udemy and only working 1 hour a day no camera required no short description how i make 4000 a week uploading simple online courses to udemy and only working 1 hour a day no camera required because this is pdf file * PDF *
827 anger management tools for children no short description anger management tools for children because this is pdf file * PDF *
833 entertaining tsarist russia tales songs plays movies jokes ads and images from russian urban life 1779 1917 indiana michigan series in russian and east european studies by geldern von published by indiana university press audio cd no short description entertaining tsarist russia tales songs plays movies jokes ads and images from russian urban life 1779 1917 indiana michigan series in russian and east european studies by geldern von published by indiana university press audio cd because this is pdf file * PDF *
834 successful societies how institutions and culture affect health no short description successful societies how institutions and culture affect health because this is pdf file * PDF *
837 hayne manual airstream no short description hayne manual airstream because this is pdf file * PDF *
840 rhapsody of realities for early readers september 2015 edition no short description rhapsody of realities for early readers september 2015 edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
847 transportation service chart of accounts no short description transportation service chart of accounts because this is pdf file * PDF *
850 the rex sea gull building my dream boat no short description the rex sea gull building my dream boat because this is pdf file * PDF *
855 confessional liam devlin series book 3 no short description confessional liam devlin series book 3 because this is pdf file * PDF *
856 fashion forward a guide to fashion forecasting no short description fashion forward a guide to fashion forecasting because this is pdf file * PDF *
859 the bible of israeli wines no short description the bible of israeli wines because this is pdf file * PDF *
862 coexisting with large carnivores lessons from greater yellowstone no short description coexisting with large carnivores lessons from greater yellowstone because this is pdf file * PDF *
863 to the women i once loved no short description to the women i once loved because this is pdf file * PDF *
864 old yeller teacher guide common core no short description old yeller teacher guide common core because this is pdf file * PDF *
868 shopping in the renaissance consumer cultures in italy 1400 1600 no short description shopping in the renaissance consumer cultures in italy 1400 1600 because this is pdf file * PDF *
878 solution manual for chemical process control by george stephanopoulos no short description solution manual for chemical process control by george stephanopoulos because this is pdf file * PDF *
880 survey of economics 5th edition solution manual no short description survey of economics 5th edition solution manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
881 insurance law and policy cases materials and problems third edition aspen casebook no short description insurance law and policy cases materials and problems third edition aspen casebook because this is pdf file * PDF *
882 the vietnam cauldron defense intelligence in the war for southeast asia no short description the vietnam cauldron defense intelligence in the war for southeast asia because this is pdf file * PDF *
884 north by northanger or the shades of pemberley a mr and mrs darcy mystery mr and mrs darcy mysteries no short description north by northanger or the shades of pemberley a mr and mrs darcy mystery mr and mrs darcy mysteries because this is pdf file * PDF *
893 now all we need is a title famous book titles and how they got that way no short description now all we need is a title famous book titles and how they got that way because this is pdf file * PDF *
894 fly guy books to read online no short description fly guy books to read online because this is pdf file * PDF *
903 how to manifest money fast the 3rd chakra no short description how to manifest money fast the 3rd chakra because this is pdf file * PDF *
906 observation checklist basketball no short description observation checklist basketball because this is pdf file * PDF *
908 what to do a real estate agents gospel a real estate agents gospel no short description what to do a real estate agents gospel a real estate agents gospel because this is pdf file * PDF *
909 top 100 praise and worship guitar songbook volume 2 no short description top 100 praise and worship guitar songbook volume 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
910 the understudy a novel no short description the understudy a novel because this is pdf file * PDF *
916 there was a country a memoir no short description there was a country a memoir because this is pdf file * PDF *
918 read online pattiboobs you know what mean no short description read online pattiboobs you know what mean because this is pdf file * PDF *
928 north american lake monsters stories no short description north american lake monsters stories because this is pdf file * PDF *
929 dreams children the night season a guide for parents no short description dreams children the night season a guide for parents because this is pdf file * PDF *
From Ivory and cream to red and grey, Sandstone cladding can be designed with a combination of colours to match your architectual style.
Turistinformasjonen for Asker & Bærum ligger i 1. etg i den gamle delen av Sandvika Storsenter, og er en del av Visit Asker & Bærum som er medlem av Akershus Reiselivsråd.
The Rosettasoft team is a one of a kind combination of skills and talent which has the ability to deliver top quality projects of technical and programming nature with speed and accuracy. We focus on your needs, establish an initial benchmark of success with you and then we exceed this to deliver a state-of-the-art outcome.
The Academy aspires to instil the coaching values to all its graduates and ensure that all coaching competencies as defined by the ICF and the EMCC have been mastered in relevance to the course of study chosen.
Microfiber Bar Stools Chair No 7 Uris Swivel Stool 3D Model is part of great design ideas. Microfiber Bar Stools Chair No 7 Uris Swivel Stool 3D Model was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Microfiber Bar Stools Chair No 7 Uris Swivel Stool 3D Model was posted in October 9, 2018 at 3:43 am. Microfiber Bar Stools Chair No 7 Uris Swivel Stool 3D Model has viewed by 4 users. Click it and download the Microfiber Bar Stools Chair No 7 Uris Swivel Stool 3D Model.
Bar Stools, Microfiber Bar Stools was posted April 1, 2018 at 8:44 pm by coachoutletstores.us . More over Microfiber Bar Stools has viewed by 199 visitor.
Bar Stools, Parisian Bar Stools was posted December 28, 2015 at 10:28 am by coachoutletstores.us . More over Parisian Bar Stools has viewed by 184 visitor.
Johnson & Johnson was ordered by a Missouri state jury to pay $72 million of damages to the family of a woman whose death from ovarian cancer was linked to her use of the company’s talc-based Baby Powder and Shower to Shower for several decades.
In a verdict announced late Monday night, jurors in the circuit court of St. Louis awarded the family of Jacqueline Fox $10 million of actual damages and $62 million of punitive damages, according to the family’s lawyers and court records.
Johnson & Johnson faces several hundred lawsuits claiming that it, in an effort to boost sales, failed for decades to warn consumers that its talc-based products could cause cancer.
Fox, who lived in Birmingham, Alabama, claimed she used Baby Powder and Shower to Shower for feminine hygiene for more than 35 years before being diagnosed three years ago with ovarian cancer. She died in October at age 62.
Jurors found Johnson & Johnson liable for fraud, negligence and conspiracy, the family’s lawyers said. Deliberations lasted four hours, following a three-week trial.
Jere Beasley, a lawyer for Fox’s family, said Johnson & Johnson “knew as far back as the 1980s of the risk,” and yet resorted to “lying to the public, lying to the regulatory agencies.” He spoke on a conference call with journalists.
Carol Goodrich, a Johnson & Johnson spokeswoman, said: “We have no higher responsibility than the health and safety of consumers, and we are disappointed with the outcome of the trial. We sympathize with the plaintiff’s family but firmly believe the safety of cosmetic talc is supported by decades of scientific evidence.”
In October 2013, a federal jury in Sioux Falls, South Dakota found that plaintiff Deane Berg’s use of Johnson & Johnson’s body powder products was a factor in her developing ovarian cancer. Nevertheless, it awarded no damages, court records show.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc now owns the Shower to Shower brand but was not a defendant in the Fox case.
This entry was posted in Business and tagged Jacqueline Fox, Johnson & Johnson, Ovarian Cancer, talc-based Baby Powder, Talcum Powder by . Bookmark the permalink.
The eye doctors at Delaware Vision Care provide top-notch eye care services to the Delaware, Ohio, area. We are able to do this by utilizing state of the art technologies. Here are some of the important machines that help us care for your eyes in the best manner possible:
Our high-definition Optical Coherence Tomographer (OCT) does the same thing for your eyes that an MRI does for the body. It allows our eye doctors to see the layers of your retina in 3D, in order to better detect and treat pathologies related to glaucoma, macular degeneration, diabetes, hypertension and injuries. Essentially, it takes the guesswork out of treating these sight-threatening conditions.
We will take a computerized measurement of your prescription, which is especially important in helping our optometrists determine an eyeglass prescription for a very young child or for someone who has difficulty understanding or answering our questions verbally.
With the retinal camera, our doctors can take a photograph of your retina (the back of your eye). This enables us to see the arterioles and veins in the back of your eye, and to detect changes in the vessels, such as arteriosclerosis, that may put you at risk for heart attacks and strokes. Our optometrists can also see conditions such as macular degeneration and optic nerve diseases with these images. In addition, we use these images as references to track changes in your retina from year to year.
Need an eye doctor in Delaware, Ohio? Our optometrists use state of the art technology to provide top-notch care for you and your family. We are currently welcoming new patients. If you want exceptional, patient-centered eye, call Delaware Vision Care today.
Using Neighborhood Trends you can keep up-to-date on what’s happening in your neighborhood. It’s a great way to keep a pulse on the market whether you are buying, selling, or an interested homeowner. The metrics are automatically updated each month. For your convenience, you can subscribe to an automated report that will be emailed to you each month.
Min 500 ft² 1,000 ft² 1,500 ft² 2,000 ft² 2,500 ft² 3,000 ft² 3,500 ft² 4,000 ft² 4,500 ft² 5,000 ft² 5,500 ft² 6,000 ft² 6,500 ft² 7,000 ft² 7,500 ft² 8,000 ft² 8,500 ft² 9,000 ft² 9,500 ft² 10,000 ft² to Max 500 ft² 1,000 ft² 1,500 ft² 2,000 ft² 2,500 ft² 3,000 ft² 3,500 ft² 4,000 ft² 4,500 ft² 5,000 ft² 5,500 ft² 6,000 ft² 6,500 ft² 7,000 ft² 7,500 ft² 8,000 ft² 8,500 ft² 9,000 ft² 9,500 ft² 10,000 ft²
© 2018 Long Realty Company. All Rights Reserved. A Berkshire Hathaway Affiliate. Legal Copyright Notice.
- Because bandwidth of server V.I.P is limited, sometimes you can't watch show . We will fix it ASAP. Sorry for this inconvenience.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at [email protected]
At www.brainwavevirtuosity.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.brainwavevirtuosity.com and how it is used.
Like many other Web sites, www.brainwavevirtuosity.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.brainwavevirtuosity.com. .:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.brainwavevirtuosity.com and other sites on the Internet. .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include: Google Adsense, DramaFever, MGID...
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.brainwavevirtuosity.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.brainwavevirtuosity.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.brainwavevirtuosity.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
Your use of this site signifies that you understand and agree to the Terms of Use governing this site. The Terms of Use may be modified at any time and without notice. We encourage you to check back every so often to ensure you are up to date with the Terms of Use.
When posting a comment at KShowOnline the user agrees not to post any offensive material in any way. KShowOnline is an English speaking website, thus when posting a comment, please post in English only. KShowOnline reserves the right to edit or remove any material without further notice that is judged to be offensive or inappropriate.
You must be at least 13 years of age to use this website. If you are not at least 13 years of age, please do not use this website.
The governing law will be that of Netherlands, the country in which this site is based and from which all services are provided.
This site will unequivocally comply with the requirements of any law enforcement or other officials, Courts, Police or others with a legitimate interest in the official investigation or enforcement of law applicable to the country in which our service is provided, Netherlands.
The protection of the rights of others is of paramount importance to KShowOnline, and this extends to your adherence to intellectual property law, the laws prevailing in your country or residence (or any temporary residence), the rights of others to enjoy freedom from slander, libel, defamation, provocation, harassment, discrimination of any kind or any other action that may be deemed offensive by the individual concerned or the management of this site.
Users will not be sent unsolicited emails from other parties, although those using "disposable email addresses" (such as "trashmail.net") are warned that such use is forbidden and could result in curtailment of access at any stage.
Users may not use this site or any facilities provided by this site to spam, market or promote any goods, services, membership or other sites.
Videos found on this website are not hosted or uploaded by KShowOnline nor is KShowOnline affiliated with the video content in any way. All video content is hosted by third party media websites such as youtube.com, veoh.com, dailymotion.com and more. In the case of possible copyright infringement please contact the responsible parties.
KShowOnline operates as an index and database of drama content found publicly available on the Internet. Users who upload to these websites agree not to upload illegal content when creating their user accounts. KShowOnline does not take responsibility for the content hosted on such third party websites.
Loan Microfinance Loan Application Form Sample Pride India from sample contracts between two people, image source: nateandjenna.com
If you give up now all those days that you went without smoking plus the weight gain will have been for nothing.
No - I don’t smoke. As I said to Billdo earlier - If you give yourself something to love when you quit that you would lose if you started again, it will be a deterrent from readopting the behavior.
Cycling, Basketball, hiking, swimming - Things I would not be doing if I smoked cigarettes. No way I’d ever start again knowing I would lose these activities that I love even though none of them has tits, Apey.
Soon, Billdo will be carrying railroad ties over his shoulders up the side of mountains and have forgotten all about those cigarettes.
had a cig about an hour ago, tasted like shit, didn’t make me want another one, joints are much more satisfying in every way.
Haven’t smoked any cigs since that awful one the other night and craving them less in general since that but kind of craving one this morning more.
Before I made my final quit, I had over the years, “quit” several times for periods up to two years. I remember on one of the later occasions, having massive cravings after 2 years though I had not been at all struggling for those 2 years. Totally irresistible, and I was hooked again.
When I made my last, and finally, successful attempt. I used a product called Smoke RX. This herbal formula cuts cravings, but also detoxes you of hidden lurking cigarette related shit which hides until something causes a release into your blood - maybe 2 years later - suddenly causing cravings seemingly from nowhere. I attribute my continued success, and that I have never wanted to have a smoke since, to the detoxing effect of this product. Of course, I am a total anti-smoking nazi now. Come near me with your smoke and I will go homicidal on your ass.
I know a few people that grow around here, some all the time, some off and on… I’m in the loop and get it dirt cheap, and usually top quality connoisseur grade stuff…
For 2013 I am working with a friend on a journal page a week. Each month we will choose a theme & work within that theme. These pieces do not have to be big, works of art or labor intensive - unless we choose them to be. They are a way to work on a new technique or to practice an old technique that needs work. They are for fun. Here is my piece for the first week of January.
I created a 5"x7" frame so that I can "frame" my pieces. Here I was practicing free motion. You would think that circles are easy. They are not! It was fun working on this. Now to go finish my second weeks piece.
I also finished a knitted hat yesterday. I make a bunch of these throughout the year and give them to a friend in December who gives them to the shelters with Christmas gifts. It feels good to be getting a head start on them.
Girls sex free webcam clips. He was a little surprised, but continued kissing passionately with girl.
Wanting to continue Stas Sasha unbuttoned her blouse and sucked her breasts, kissing her nipples through that were small rings are threaded. He played with them the language and began to suck. Something unusual seemed to him in her breasts.
Curchin, George William of St. Thomas, passed away on Friday, July 20th, 2012, peacefully, at the St. Thomas-Elgin General Hospital, in his 84th year. Beloved husband of the late Sylvia Claire Curchin (2000) and dearly loved father of Leonard Curchin (Lucinda Neuru) of Kitchener, Peter Curchin (Patricia) of St. Thomas and Stephen Curchin (Roxanne) of Leamington. Dear Brother of Joan McCleish of London. Much loved grandfather of Brad Curchin (Kristen), Michael Curchin (Janice), Melissa Youssef (Jeff), Stacey and Shane Curchin and great grandfather of Darius, Kynan, Lindsey, Aubree and Ethan. George was born in London on November 27th, 1928 , the son of the late George W. and Bertha (Hardiman) Curchin. He worked at the St. Thomas Times Journal over 43 years.
A private family service will be held at Williams Funeral Home on Monday at 3:00 p.m. No public visitation. Cremation to follow, with interment of ashes in Elmdale Cemetery. No public visitation. Remembrances may be made to the Canadian Cancer Society.
Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2018-11-13 13:47:55 UTC and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.ca/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
As a result of there are very many options offered at this time, it is prudent to acquire a make you can recognize. The ALEKO® WGVQ400 Three Phase Permanent Magnet AC Synchronous Wind Generator 400W 24V Wind Generator Turbine is certainly that and will be a great purchase. We appreciate your considering our organization for your purchase (Canada RV Accessories dot com).
At the price shown, the ALEKO® WGVQ400 Three Phase Permanent Magnet AC Synchronous Wind Generator 400W 24V Wind Generator Turbine is very highly admired and is without a doubt a frequent choice for a lot of people. The Aleko company has built-in some great touches and that means excellent value for the money
A wind turbine is a well-liked identify for a unit that converts kinetic energy from the wind into electrical electricity. Technically, there is no turbine used in the layout, but the time period appears to have migrated from parallel hydroelectric technologies (rotary propeller). The right description for this type of device would be aerofoil-driven generator.
Our Aleko Wind generator will give you with the electricity you want for your home or your business.
Minimal begin up pace, higher wind energy utilization, lovely appearance, and reduced vibration. The generator has a friendly layout, for straightforward set up, maintenance and restore. The blades have these kinds of advantages, higher utilization of wind energy which contributes to the yearly energy output. The generator, adoption patented everlasting magnet rotor alternator, with a unique variety of layout, successfully reduce resistance torque.
Financial / Credit Card Transactions When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or credit card information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through an on-screen notice on our site. No credit card information is stored on our site. Emails All of our email is Can-Spam compliant, which means every email message includes: our full company name, mailing address, and phone numbers a link to remove yourself from our email database If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by: clicking the Cancel or Remove Me link in the email you received from us sending us a message via the web form on our contact page
Disclaimer You understand and agree that canadianrei.com and its owners shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other intangible losses (even if the owners of this site have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the information on this site or any product(s) and/or service(s) provided, or any misuse of the information on this site or any product(s) and/or service(s) provided in a manner not in accordance with their intended use. Street Smart REI and its owners do not provide financial, legal or accounting advice. Please consult a qualified professional before making any investment decisions. Any investment information given has been obtained from sources we believe to be accurate, but is not guaranteed and is subject to change without notice. Past performance is no indication of future results.
Privacy Policy For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes the domain name, IP address, and other related browsing information. We also collect: the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page who subscribe to our club and newsletters the e-mail address of those who communicate with us via e-mail aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information (e.g. credit card number and billing address). The information we collect is used: to improve the content of our website to notify consumers about updates to our website by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes
“Just find a good deal and the money will find you” Nope. That’s not how it works. Hello, this is Jarek Bucholc from Canada REIC. Getting the money (and/or having the credit) to do more real estate deals is the #1 roadblock that keeps over 90% of Canadian real estate investors from growing their portfolios as quickly as they want. There are lot’s of reasons for this, but I think the #1 obstacle is the fear of approaching people and asking them for money. And what is typically taught and encouraged is the old-fashioned idea of ‘dialing for dollars’ and ‘turning every conversation into a real estate conversation’. But if you are like me, you don’t like the idea of ‘begging’ for money, or having to use schmoozy, manipulative sales tricks to get people to invest with you. Fortunately there is a much BETTER way to raise capital for your deals. It’s New… It’s win-win… It’s not ‘salesy’ and you...
Do you excel in marketing and always look to promote valuable industry-related events to your readers? Then we want you! CanadianREI is proud to foster an environment of continuous education and learning among our members. That’s why we regularly hold trainings and workshops to help our members build their professional networks and learn from some of the best real estate experts in the country. Below are the details to a two-day Workshop & Networking Event we will organize and host. When: March 4-5, 2017, 9 AM to 5 PM Where: Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary South 8001 11th Street SE | Calgary, AB | T2H 0B8 We have the privilege of having with us Michael Ponte, Thomas Thurmeier, Marc Mousseau, Mark Frentz, and CanadianREI’s very own Jarek Bucholc as speakers. This will be a gathering of reputable real estate professionals in Calgary and neighboring cities. If you feel this is a worthy endeavor, then we cordially invite you to join our affiliate program. As an referring partner, you will be given a unique link to share in your email marketing, web content campaigns, and social media promotions. Every time a reader signs up using your link, the referral is credited to you and you get 25% of the regular ticket...
Get into Real Estate Investing by doing it rather than just taking courses or reading books. We will give you a unique, practical and disciplined steps to be taken in making investment decisions. You don’t have to spend thousands of your hard earned dollars to be successful. Take action, Be Street Smart! Live Broadcast will be available if you are not in Calgary Area. Actively participate in CanadianREI Street Smart Real Estate Investing the comfort of your home. We will bring you the latest updates via Live Broadcast. We will air without boarders, enjoy learning, & ask questions online. Join us, take action .. we will make things happen! Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary South, 8001 11th Street SE | Calgary, AB | T2H 0B8 March 4 & 5, 2017 at 9 AM-5 PM MST Educate Yourself in Real Estate and Set Yourself Up for Success Speakers: Mark Frentz – How people get stuck and how to move past hurdles Michael Ponte – What you need to know before buying your investment property Thomas Thurmeier - Asset Protection: How to structure your Real Estate Deals Jason Meier – Importance of being able to work on your business, not in it Jarek Bucholc - Street Smart Real Estate Investing What You’ll Get: Inclusive of 2-day buffet lunch (value: $100/meal) Free photo session w/ a professional photographer (Dress code – Business Attire)...
Street Smart Real Estate Investing Power Monthly Mastermind Meeting February 16,2017 6:30pm - 9:00pm Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary South 8001 11th Street SE | Calgary, AB | T2H 0B8 Experience Street Smart Real Estate Investing with Canada Real Estate Investors Club founder Jarek Bucholc. Get into Real Estate Investing by Doing it rather than just taking courses or reading books. This is Networking event, Learn about Deals, Leads, Ask questions, & Accountability for the projects. Event is Open to all! Take action, Be Street Smart! Take Action now!, Space is Limited
Get into Real Estate Investing by Doing it rather than just taking courses or reading books. February 16,2017 6:30pm - 9:00pm MST Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary South 8001 11th Street SE | Calgary, AB | T2H 0B8 This is a Networking event, Learn about Deals, Leads, Ask questions, & Accountability for the projects. Event is Open to all! Take Action now!, Space is Limited For more details: Email: members@help.canadareic.com Phone: 403-668-8666
Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary South, 8001 11th Street SE | Calgary, AB | T2H 0B8 March 4 & 5, 2017 at 9 AM-5 PM MST Canada Real Estate Investors Club proudly presents: A 2-Day Live Networking, Educational, JV Partner Workshop for Real Estate Investors with Live Broadcast. Educate Yourself in Real Estate and Set Yourself Up for Success Speakers: Mark Frentz – How people get stuck and how to move past hurdles Michael Ponte – What you need to know before buying your investment property Thomas Thurmeier - TBA Jason Meier – Importance of being able to work on your business, not in it Jarek Bucholc - TBA Looking for partners? Want to interact, meet, and network with Real Estate Professionals across Alberta and neighboring cities? Do you like educating yourself? Have fun? What You’ll Get: Inclusive of 2-day buffet lunch (value: $100/meal) Free photo session w/ a professional photographer (Dress code – Business Attire) (value: $250) 2 days jammed packed workshop (value: $5000) All this for only $199 Active Investors will receive a separate link to join the event. For more details visit: http://www.investing.events/ Email: members@help.canadareic.com Phone: 403-668-8666
Greetings from Canadian Real Estate Investors (CanadianREI), Do you excel in marketing and always look to promote valuable industry-related events to your readers? Then we want you! CanadianREI is proud to foster an environment of continuous education and learning among our members. That’s why we regularly hold trainings and workshops to help our members build their professional networks and learn from some of the best real estate experts in the country. Below are the details to a two-day Workshop & Networking Event we will organize and host. When: March 4-5, 2017, 9 AM to 5 PM Where: Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary South, 8001 11th Street SE | Calgary, AB | T2H 0B8 We have the privilege of having with us Michael Ponte, Thomas Thurmeier, Mark Frentz, Jason Meier, and CanadianREI’s very own Jarek Bucholc as speakers. Topics will be announced soon. This will be a gathering of reputable real estate professionals in Calgary and neighboring cities. If you feel this is a worthy endeavor, then we cordially invite you to join our affiliate program. As an affiliate, you will be given a unique link to share in your email marketing, web content campaigns, and social media promotions. Every time a reader signs up using your link, the referral is...
Dear Valued Real Estate Investors, Greetings from Canadian Real Estate Investors (CanadianREI), As part of our endeavor to foster continuous education and learning among our members, it is our great pleasure to inform you that we will organize and host a 2 days Workshop & Networking Event. Please find the details below: When: March 4-5, 2017, 9 AM to 5 PM Where: Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary South 8001 11th Street SE | Calgary, AB | T2H 0B8 We have the privilege of having with us Michael Ponte, Thomas Thurmeier, Mark Frentz, Jason Meier and CanadianREI’s very own Jarek Bucholc as speakers. Topics will be announced soon. This will be a gathering of reputable real estate professionals in Calgary and neighboring cities. In lieu of this, we’d like to cordially invite you to be one of our sponsors for the event. Sponsors will enjoy the following: • You’ll be included in the flyers and other marketing materials, such as social media posts, banners, streamers, and the like. • You’ll have the opportunity to speak at the event (10 mins) • You’ll be incorporated in the email campaigns for 3 months • You’ll be featured in the webinars for 3 months • You’ll be included in the infomercial in our radio station for 3 months • 1 year CanadianREI Membership This will give you the chance to meet and...
Greetings from Canadian Real Estate Investors (CanadianREI), As part of our endeavor to foster continuous education and learning among our members, it is our great pleasure to inform you that we will organize and host a days Live Workshop & Networking Event. When: March 4-5, 2017, 9 AM to 5 PM Where: Sandman Hotel & Suites Calgary South 8001 11th Street SE | Calgary, AB | T2H 0B8 We have the privilege of having with us Michael Ponte, Thomas Thurmeier, Marc Mousseau, Mark Frentz, and CanadianREI’s very own Jarek Bucholc as speakers. Topics will be announced soon. This will be a gathering of reputable real estate professionals in Calgary and neighboring cities. In lieu of this, we’d like to cordially invite you to be one of our sponsors for the event. Sponsors will enjoy the following: • You’ll be included in the flyers and other marketing materials, such as social media posts, banners, streamers, and the like. • You’ll have the opportunity to speak at the event (10 mins) • You’ll be incorporated in the email campaigns • You’ll be featured in the webinars • You’ll be part of a sponsored book cover • You’ll be included in the infomercial in...
Jarek will discuss the ways of finding investors that can help finance your real estate projects. What is not working well & the best option to find Investors. About the Speaker Jarek is the founder of Canada Real Estate Investors Club. His goal is to build the biggest real estate club in Canada. Jarek envisioned a community of investors that was run by investors for investors, regardless of their level of expertise or success. A place where people could ask questions and get the hands on support needed to get started and succeed in real estate. Members could share their success and failure stories as well as provide up to date information as to what was happening in the industry. He opened the doors of Canada Real Estate Investors Club in November of 2007. The Club was designed from day one to be about investors helping investors. Its mission was to provide a fun and interesting way to help real estate investors grow in their professional and personal development. Don't let this event pass you by! Register now! For more details about membership & other events visit: http://www.canadianrei.com/join-us http://www.canadianrei.com/events Call us at 403-668-8666
New Year – New Rule Updates with Richard Moxley 2016 has been full of changes, especially in the financial industry. Make sure you check out this webinar to find out new updates to the Equifax and TransUnion credit scores that will not only help you but your tenant buyers as well. About the Speaker After 8 years as a high volume mortgage broker, Richard Moxley finally had enough of watching the Average Joe being forced to pay thousands in excess rates and fees, all because no one had taught them the rules of credit. After spending years studying thousands of credit reports and working directly with Canadian banks he wrote the best-selling book, The Nine Rules of Credit – How to Start, Rebuild, and Always Maintain Great Credit. Due to demand, Richard started a company called “eCredit Fix” in 2012, which allows him to focus full-time on his passion which is helping Canadians fix, understand, and improve their credit. Richard Moxley is married, has four children, and lives in Calgary, AB. Don't let this event pass you by. Register now! For more details about membership & other events visit: http://www.canadianrei.com/join-us http://www.canadianrei.com/events Call us at 403-668-8666
How would you like to be in the know? Imagine having access to a list of reputable pre-foreclosed properties before it’s released in the market. What would it do your for real estate investment – to have the front seat in choosing properties before the crowd gets there? Well, now you don’t have to imagine. With Canadian Real Estate Investors pre- foreclosure listing, you can easily have access to Alberta’s premium pre-foreclosed properties. Attractive investment opportunities, right at your fingertips. Now that’s convenience. Benefits It’s not MLS, so you can cut through the chase and talk directly to the home owner You save time because you don’t have to wait for the list to be posted Get the first dibs and maximize investment opportunities
LINLY DESIGNS is the ONLY Interior Design firm from the United States profiled in the Official Harry & Meghan – …
I am a beauty blogger, Younique rep, wine distributor, I work from home and a giveaway addict. Stay tuned for some goodies to be won!
Oh you, sweet Spring, alight from cherub's wing,And put the ugly winter full to flight;And rouse the Earth to smile, and larks to sing,With skies so bright and hearts of youth so light.Your gentle and genial breaths each blossom blowWhile bees in gardens hum the lullabies.The hills...
Christmas Eve again!My annual duties call.As my reindeer are sick,How can I go round?Who got a snowmobile for me?I never tried that before.Can a couple of dogs pull that thing?It looks so heavy, really so heavy.How stupid are the modern architects:The houses don't have chi ...
Without sharing the dogma of "Jehovah's Witnesses," I express full solidarity with them in the defense of freedom of conscience. I am ashamed of those spiritual leaders of Russia who travel all over the world and lie, that they have complete religious freedom. Only a totalitarian regime, headed by Orthodox-Stalinist sectarian obscurantists, can set the special forces and the FSB agents against peaceful believers. Here is a paradox: the first anti-sectarians are the most aggressive and inveterate sectarians. It's time to admit: the ROC is nothing more than a sect in which Stalinism is much more than Christianity. Well, I will keep silent about the Kremlin residents, it's been clear to them for a long time. The mummy of Lenin is their shrine, and the communist stars are holier than crosses
Lovely Dichen Lachman is an unofficial fan site and has no affiliation with Dichen, her management, family or friends in anyway. All trademarks and copyrighted materials on this site are the property of their respective owners. The intent of this site is not to infringe on any copyrights, but rather to serve as a resource for fans of Dichen Lachman. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
Explore different Cultures and Traditions around the world. Learn what other societies have interesting with their cultures and traditions.
Founded in 2002, SNap(R) is an innovative group, committed to providing highly efficient solutions for life, highly committed to entertainment, fun, knowledge, history, updates, health informatics and a fond to help the helpless community. With the combination of years of experience in Health Care, Business Management, Online exploration of today’s world and emerging technologies, we are focusing on providing interoperable and vast source of knowledge to its viewers at simply no cost.
This entry was posted on October 4, 2009 at 12:14 pm, and is filed under amazing, around the world, art, treehouse . Follow any responses to this post through RSS. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
private dining room for two nyc 2 , private dining for 2 nyc rotisserie room two,private dining for 2 nyc room two new city palm too the ,private dining room for two nyc new 2,private dining room for two nyc upper east side midtown restaurant with 2 ,private dining rooms in for 2 nyc room two ,private dining for 2 nyc events the palm room two ,private dining room for two nyc 2 events la,private dining room for two nyc 2 brasserie shoot photography , private dining for 2 room airplane modern two nyc.
Taramaster Pilulas Are The Additives Which Can Be Utilized In . All Nearby Supplements Which May B...
uk segways in coimbatore, business automobile electronics fashion household jobs ads realestate list deals shopping services travel gigs cars pets and more
If you have a question regarding a specific slot machine or trade stimulator please post it in either the Slot or Trade Stimulator area.
I just received a new hard cover book. The title is "American Saloons" by Roger Kislingbury, aka Waldo
This is Waldo's 2nd book. His first book, "Saloons - Bars - & Cigar Stores" has been sold out for a long time.
If you collect uprights or early trade stimulators then you should really consider getting this book. If you don't collect uprights but are into slots or trade stimulators or turn of the century American history then you should still get this book.
There are incredible photos in it showing these early machines in the environment where they were actually used.
For example, there are two photos showing the rare Mills Roulette. One is in, of all places, Nome Alaska!! The roulette is being tossed to the curb after a storm.
There is also a photo showing "The Elite" by "The Royal Novelty Company". No surviving examples of this machine are known.
Seeing these photos and seeing how people lived 100+ years ago made me appreciate how really privileged we are to own machines which somehow figured out how to avoid the axes.
Another thing worth pointing out is the index lists not only machine names but also machine locations. Using the index, I was able to find a picture of a bar in Butte Montana which is the town that I grew up in.
The price of the book is $65.00 + $6.50 S/H ($71.50 total) and can be ordered directly from the author. You can send an email to waldovan@sbcglobal.net for instructions on how to pay. He does accept PayPal. Copies of the photos that are in the book are also available for individual purchase.
I am so impressed with this book that I am going to offer the following deal to everyone who purchases it between now and September 15th.
If you are a member of the Coin Op Preservation Society (COPS) (http://www.CoinOpPreservationSociety.com I will TRIPLE the above offer (45 day subscription OR 60 coin op referrals). If you are not a member of COPS and want to take advantage of this offer simply join COPS ($20). Supporting COPS helps keep this forum, the price guide, and the coin op registry (http://www.CoinOpRegistry.com going.
I am doing this as a favor to Waldo and not receiving any kickback or compensation from the sale of his book.
If you want to take advantage of either of these offers just ask Waldo to send me an email with your email and I will contact you.
The breadth and depth of coverage - ranging from animals / taxidermy to vintage autos to coin op and mechanical music is just spectacular.
I urge fellow collectors to purchase a copy -- even if you don't own any of the machines depicted in the photos, you will appreciate the rich historical legacy these devices convey.
What a terrific follow-up to the previous "Saloons, Bars & Cigar Stores"! It is endlessly fascinating to see rare coin-ops as they were originally used. But that's just part of the fun of this book. The large, mostly very clear pictures have a wealth of detail that bring you as close to time travel as is possible. I can, and have, spent 15 to 20 minutes studying a single image. It's impossible not to wish there were some way to jump back in time and walk into some of these saloons and have a beer, or a whiskey, and drop a few nickels into a slot.
I'm also intrigued by the lighting. The pictures were presumably taken (for the most part) either with daylight coming in through the windows or with flash powder. But look at the light fixtures -- many gas, some electric, some a combination of both. In a huge percentage of these saloons the minimal lights are very far apart. At night these saloons must have looked downright spooky, with only 'islands' of dim (and sometimes flickering) light cutting through what had to have been somewhat gloomy, even scary, drinking emporium. A far cry from modern bars with "professional mixologists" instead of a nattily dressed bartender.
The temporary price reduction is $39.00 + $6.50 S&H. This is a great book with incredible photos. Now is the time to get it before he runs out.
If you're interested in the early days of the American saloon, then look no further than American Saloons, Pre-Prohibition Photographs. Not since my first sold out book, Saloons, Bars, and Cigar Stores, has there been a better, more comprehensive compilation of American saloon photographs.
American Saloons, Pre-Prohibition Photographs is a fine, embossed hardbound book that contains over 345 pages of photographs and commentary. The book measures 9 by 12, and most of the photographs fill up the entire page.
The book's eleven chapters each focus on different aspects of the American saloon, from the exteriors with their vintage signage and early automobiles to their interiors with amusement machines, front bars, rough characters, and taxidermy. Other chapters focus on the various coin-operated slot machines, venders, and gambling machines that were ubiquitous with the old American bar. Another chapter focuses exclusively on the bar scene “South of the Border-The 1920’s” that thrived during America's flirtation with the 18th Amendment. Many of the businesses featured in the book have been located and some still stand to this day!
If you have any interest in vintage Western Americana, then this book is a must have. It's a perfect step back in time, allowing for a visual journey to a wonderful, bygone era.
American Saloons, Pre-Prohibition Photographs retails at $39.00 (plus $6.00 shipping and handling). There is a limited quantity of printed books and are available for immediate shipping. They may be purchased directly from my website. Email me with questions concerning dealer wholesale purchases.
I just tried to purchase the book through the provided link, but there is a problem when checking out.
There are no "shipping methods" available, and the system will not allow you to continue to the payment.
I had the same issue with the link as well. I contacted the seller and they stated that they would look into it. They also informed me that it was avaliable from them on eBay for $20.00! https://www.ebay.com/itm/American-Saloo ... SwR5dXR932 I bought one and enjoy it very much!
i have a favored way of looking at those old photos. i take a big magnifying glass and when you hold it right, it's like you are inside those places. i sold my collection many years ago, but i made sure i got COPIES, so i can still enjoy them.
Source Top Quality Vertical Coal ... Mobile Crusher plant,Crushing and screening equipment,Sand Making Machine,Grinding Mills ... China professional Coal vertical ...
SBM is vertical coal mill manufacturer in China, ... Vertical mills are used mainly in direct pulverized coal firing systems or steam boilers in power plant.
vertical coal mills wholesale, buy vertical coal mills from 5689 vertical coal mills suppliers from China.
Vertical Coal Mill, Vertical Ore ... vertical ore mill and vertical coal mill. Both the roller mills are used in ... manufacturer in China. vertical mill used ...
Vertical Coal Mill,Shanghai XSM is a ... In the mills, the raw coal is ... No.60,JinWen Road,Airport Industrial Park,Pudong Area,Shanghai,China; Post ...
vertical coal mill operation in cement industry Stone Crusher Machine From China Gulin.This ... » used raymond vertical mills ... Vertical coal mill is also ...
mithrandir, I'm sure this is noit the correct section to use, but i need to get some, or at least one of the French-speaking coin forums url's. my computer crashed, and i had to replace theHDD, so that info was lost. Any help would be very much appreciated. merci!
The correct french url would be http://www.numicanada.com/pieces-de-mon ... rietes.php but you have the same on the "Coin and Canada Home Page" (tab "COINS" and "Errors ans varieties" choice) but without description and explanation.
This is nice forum site..I am happy to join it. Thanks for accepting my request as a member of this forum site..............
crystallan, while I do not do much posting lately, I do wish to welcome you aboard! You will find very reliable help, and very good friends here!
sylvain, I want to send you a PM, but don't know where to do it. I need to change the password. I am afraid that something will happen, abd the place it is stored will by gone!
livingdinasaur wrote: mithrandir, I'm sure this is noit the correct section to use, but i need to get some, or at least one of the French-speaking coin forums url's. my computer crashed, and i had to replace theHDD, so that info was lost. Any help would be very much appreciated. merci!
For those of you who missed it, another good show. Friday eve we had 12-15 of us around a long table outside at Jack Astor's spinning yarns and passing coins. I am not a seller of coins .. only to dedicated collectors who have looked for something for a long time and never found (varieties) and I ended up selling $800 worth for 4 coins to someone I was just showing extras that I had to. Anyway, a good time with old friends and a few new.
This Spring's 2015 Expo is Fri-Sat at the end of this month (May). It really is a very good show and pretty good auctions by Goeff Bell. Many contributors from other coin sites will be there.
I have some bids on the G.B. auction... but seeing how the tokens did at the previous Landon auction, I'm not too sure if they will hold up or not..
I ended up buying a few books on varieties of large cents. ... I should say.. thank you for providing me with some inspiration and direction from your contributions here...
Bill did you ever go back onto CCF? I know that there was the coppercent forum for awhile I don't know if it's still up - I never really have gone down that deep into the rabbit hole yet..
But there are a few really knowlegeable individuals over on CCF that would love to be a fly on the wall when they start talking.. you would be in those ranks...
jhax, bosox and okiecoiner... I'm not sure if you know who I'm talking about here but I love reading their posts and they're all pretty big bronze enthusiasts.
Yes, I keep up with CCF and provide advise through alternate channels. The CopperCoin site went down about 3 months ago and the owner of the site could do nothing about it. It was the site provider and their software got inundated with E European hackers and that was that. He didn't try to get it back up and tried to work with the company, and I tried for months with him to try to salvage all the archives so that they could be integrated on some other site. But, no, and poof it's gone.
I really miss the canadian copper site.Sorry to learn the reasons why. I have seen this site with hacker's postings but it seems that the situation has been resolved. I sure hope so.
This last weekend Expo was a great time with lots of old friends. The auctions went well and lots of discussions about varieties and show-and-tell over a few brews.
933 the little hands big fun craft book creative fun for 2 to 6 year olds williamson little hands book no short description the little hands big fun craft book creative fun for 2 to 6 year olds williamson little hands book because this is pdf file * PDF *
935 edging through the darkness no short description edging through the darkness because this is pdf file * PDF *
937 instructors solutions manual to accompany introduction to mechatronics measurement systems no short description instructors solutions manual to accompany introduction to mechatronics measurement systems because this is pdf file * PDF *
Super Street Fighting 2015The game goal is to exhaust the opponent's health meter before the time ru...
Studio Calico July kit - Continental - is LIVE! As soon as I opened that box, I know I'm in love. Corny, I know. But really. I think these layouts are my favorite EVER, so far! :)
Khai Island. I miss that place. one of these days, I'm gonna post larger photos of those on this layout. That place is beautiful, in every single way. Carla and I, we're gonna go there for fun, someday. *grins*
Red Baker's Twine. I don't know what'll happen if I run out of them. Pay no attention to off-balanced loopy bows.
Lots of mist here. I wanted to re-create the 'sandy island' look and I'm very happy with how it turned out :) I used Fern Green, Cream, Hydrangea and Turquoise.
Now this one, is inspired by a layout in Lisa Dickinson's ebook! Do you have it? It's very inspiring and you really wanna grab a copy!
Yes, I used Turquoise *again* and Lemon for the masked and misted frame. Beautiful, if I may say so.
So there, my three most loved layouts for now. Very tropical, don't you think so? and very misty as well. And I'm foolishly infatuated with Turquoise as you can see :) Let's hope the other colors won't throw a tantrum. Heh.
Speaking of mist, Studio Calico has all five new colors in stock now. I got mine, you might wanna run there before they run out. With names like Seafoam Green and Pink Lemonade, the girl in me can't resist.
The world lost Michael Jackson, I lost my grandmother. The only one left from my 4 grandparents. I still miss her, I doubt I'll ever stop. I miss them all.
Have you ever been under the impression that my life is perfect? I hope not. I don't think I have been 'shooting sunshines' out of my blog posts all the time. Maybe I don't really blog about the bad not-so-good stuff, but they're here, there and everywhere in my life. :)LOL.
See that mark near Neha's eyebrow? Yes, that one. Nidhi threw water gun at her when we were at the pool last Saturday. What really happened? I have no idea. Nidhi got an earful though. We are just relieved the water gun didn't hit the eye and it needed no stitches. Angels? Definitely not.
And Neha, more often than not, will be the person who makes her cry. She's the teaser, the annoy-er, the irritater, the provoker. Heh. Angels? Definitely not.
I'm supposed to be in Phuket by now, but some passports expiry dates were overlooked and here we are. (told you my life is not all smiles) Mr Husband managed to get the extension, and we're getting on a later flight today. I didn't freak out when we were refused check-in this morning and I am so damn proud of myself. Sad, yes, but no freak-outs. Yay me!
We came back home, I napped while Mr.Husband took the kids to the Immigration Office. He settled everything, we went out for lunch and a movie - Killers ~ Ashton Kutcher *Yum*, and had a good laugh. :)
Now we're home again, waiting for time to leave for the airport and I really hope we'll make it to our hotel in Phuket by bedtime. :)) I'm so looking forward to some lazy lazy days, well, except the morning of Sunday the 13th - beloved Mr Husband is running Laguna Phuket Marathon!
Vanessa! Congrats! You're the winner for Celine's online class! Please email me, okay? sashafarina*at*gmail.com ~~ I know you'll have fun! :)
First up - the giveaway from my fabulous fellow DT at Studio Calico, Celine Navarro. Read on for what she has to say. . .
Come join me for my first 4 week class : you will learn many techniques (my favorites!), you'll be inspired by trendy color combos, you'll be in love with new sketches, and you'll participate in the most fun, colorful, technique workshop you've ever taken!
· a private blog with workshops posted every Tuesday and Friday with exclusive and brand new layouts made by Céline
· what's going on during the World Cup with a different look to it : get to know the countries that participate int he World Cup
And, the icing on the cake, for the BIG FINAL game, your last class will be a FULL mini album class because, hey! It's the WORLD CUP! :)
Some misting, Martha Stewart butterfly punch and yellow flowers from Baker's Dozen, Sassafrass buttons, and a whole lot of SC's Rub Ons. I dug through my bits and pieces from old kits and my own stash to complete this layout and had a blast.
So I'm gonna run now. Nidhi and me are gonna fetch Neha and fly drive to my parents. It has been a while since we spent sometime together and I miss them so.
If you're here from Nicole's blog, you're right on track. If not, no worries, read on. . I'll be helping you at the end of this post.
I am digging that yellow + orange + blue + green combo. I have a feeling you'll be seeing much more of those colors on my layout from now on.
I splattered some mist on the background, um. . for fun! :) You can read Tina's awesome tutorial to learn more about the technique.
You can get them already at TwoPeas I know for sure :) A few of our forum members are already getting their shipping notices!
Now I need to ask you - Do you want to have a chance to win the entire collection of Documentary? Yes, you read right, the ENTIRE collection.
Yes? Just leave me a comment here and you'll be entered into a drawing. As easy as that. Then, increase your odds . . .
And make sure you don't miss on all the Documentary bloggers - we have a list up on the Studio Calico's blog.
As long as you're able to leave a comment here, you will be entered into the drawing. I will close my comments section when the it's time to pick a winner. :)
“And I urge you to please notice when you are happy, and exclaim or murmur or think at some point, 'If this isn't nice, I don't know what is.” - Kurt Vonnegut
If you are conducting business with the Government of Saskatchewan by mail, please be advised that delivery may be delayed due to rotating postal strikes. Various measures are in place to ensure service to Saskatchewan residents and businesses during postal strike action.
A number of pages on the Government of Saskatchewan`s web site have been professionally translated in French. These translations are identified by a yellow text box that resembles the link below and can be found in the right hand rail of the page. The home page for French-language content on this site can be found here:
Where an official translation is not available, Google™ Translate can be used. Google™ Translate is a free online language translation service that can translate text and web pages into different languages. Translations are made available to increase access to Government of Saskatchewan content for populations whose first language is not English.
The results of software-based translation do not approach the fluency of a native speaker or possess the skill of a professional translator. The translation should not be considered exact, and may include incorrect or offensive language Government of Saskatchewan does not warrant the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information translated by this system. Some files or items cannot be translated, including graphs, photos, and other file formats such as portable document formats (PDFs).
Any person or entities that rely on information obtained from the system does so at his or her own risk. Government of Saskatchewan is not responsible for any damage or issues that may possibly result from using translated website content. If you have any questions about Google™ Translate, please visit: Google™ Translate FAQs.
Leaving home and moving to a new province isn’t easy. However, when such a change is driven by a project, the results are very positive. Originally from Morocco, Hind Rami settled in British Columbia before coming to live in Saskatchewan twelve years ago. Her project was to establish two early childhood centres.
“This all started with volunteer work in a Francophone early childhood centre in BC where my 3 year old son was enrolled. It didn’t take me long to discover the joys of being with children and families and to be inspired by the devotion, creativity and know-how of the educators I met.”
In order to open these centres, Hind is required to get her diploma in early childhood education. Now living in Saskatchewan, she enrolled at Collège Mathieu.
Collège Mathieu is a Francophone postsecondary education institution which offers technical and professional training that enhances the employability and development of Francophones and Francophiles.
The early childhood education program addresses labour shortage issues for the government and for the Francophone community in this priority area. College Mathieu currently has 119 students enrolled in this program.
The program is offered online and it is possible to create one’s own career path, thus facilitating a threefold balance: family, work and studies. Since the program is offered in French, Hind is studying in her mother tongue.
She also benefits from reimbursement for tuition costs as a student in early childhood education. "Government support is outstanding,” she says. “No other province reimburses tuition for this program."
In October 2015, the Saskatchewan Ministry of Advanced Education granted to Collège Mathieu the status of designated institution for welcoming international students. This designation enables the Collège to offer such students adequate learning opportunities and thus facilitate better integration into the labour market.
While she no longer operates these centres, Hind still works as a consultant in the early childhood field in Saskatchewan. Twelve years have gone by, and she remembers those beginnings: "I thought I knew a lot, but I came to realize that I knew nothing, at least not in this field. Being an early childhood educator is not just a profession; it's a life skill, a passion, an honour!"
The Professional Development Grant is available to licensed child care centres whose employees have attended learning sessions about certain topics.
User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Site Information Community Center Introductions & Greetings Events Polls and Questions Suggestion Box Support Forum for Canadian Saturn Owners Models Saturn Astra Astra General Astra Tech Astra Photos Astra Links Astra Portal Saturn Aura Aura General Aura Photos Aura Portal Saturn Ion Ion General Ion Red Line Ion Tech Ion Mods Ion Photos Ion Classifieds Ion Links Ion Portal Saturn L-Series L-Series General L-Series Tech L-Series Photos L-Series Classifieds L-Series Links L-Series Portal Saturn Outlook Outlook General Outlook Photos Outlook Portal Saturn Relay Relay General Relay Tech Relay Photos Relay Classifieds Relay Links Relay Portal Saturn S-Series S-Series General S-Series Tech S-Series Mods S-Series Photos S-Series Classifieds S-Series Links Saturn Sky Sky General Sky Red Line Sky Tech Sky Mods Sky Photos Sky Classifieds Sky Links Sky Portal Saturn Vue 2008 Vue Vue General Vue Red Line Vue Green Line Vue Tech Vue Mods Vue Photos Vue Classifieds Vue Links Vue Portal Categories General Saturn Discussion Classifieds How-To Library Off Topic Other Cars Politics Reference Forums Tech Talk (Old Format) Miscellaneous Tech Mods and Performance
Rate the quality of this post and help Charlie reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
Rate the quality of this post and help AuraDrvr89 reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
I've actually been there. It's on Federal Road near Home Depot. I went there yesterday to check out the Vue XR when another poster was saying how much more cool it is than a 4cyl RAV4.
Rate the quality of this post and help Ritz reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
I like the interior shot. Reminds me a bit of an Apple Store or IKEA showroom. The exterior would look better without the green lighting, makes it look too much like a 7-11.
Rate the quality of this post and help SW2Muck reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
I really like the interior, as well as the exterior of this new store design. I see Saturn is still using the contemporary theme as they did in their original store designs, as well as the Red II design. It is much brighter than Red II's dark motif.
I like the comment in this short article about all the Saturn retailers adopting this design. At least one of the 5 stores in the city in which I live never even went to the Red II design and the store has been around since the early 1990s. A friend who works for this particular store told me they are going to go to this new design very soon.
Rate the quality of this post and help TechnoAura reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
Rate the quality of this post and help thrilhouse reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
Very nice and quite impressive, but this new look won't do a damn bit of good unless GM opens more such Saturn retailers and stocks them with the kind of world-class vehicles people want to own and drive. GM still has some work to do in this area.
Rate the quality of this post and help thatjerryguy reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
Actually that green light behind the Saturn logo fades from color to color. It's really cool looking at night time. My dealer (Saturn of York) is just finishing up the renovation, at least as far as I know. They might have more to do yet.
Rate the quality of this post and help KeithR reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
Rate the quality of this post and help 08auraj reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
Rate the quality of this post and help spartsguy29 reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
I can only hope that my SL2 retailer undergoes something similar, especially being directly across the street from Volvo and Land Rover, yet looking much the same as when they opened in 1991.
Rate the quality of this post and help GR898SL2 reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
I'm impressed, it looks very nice, however. it will take an awful lot more than a fancy showroom to make saturn profitable..Saturn needs to get BACK TO BASICS
Rate the quality of this post and help king of kings reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
How long ago did the Saturn and Saab dealers separate? It looks like Saturn is in a different building now. There was a big line of dealers Honda, Saturn, Saab, Mercedes Benz and Isuzu. It looks like the Saturn was replaced by Chevrolet/Cadillac and the Saturn dealer was moved a bit down the street.
Rate the quality of this post and help davidsky reputation points. Click the reputation button near the bottom left corner of this message box. Thank you!
A CTS-based Saturn based flagship vehicle? 04AWDV6VUE General Saturn Discussion 31 03-29-2004 11:00 AM
Airtone is a brand-new type of VR rhythm game that allows you to enter a virtual world along with the main character, Neon. The spectacular music and visuals make for an all-new arcade rhythm game experience! With sophisticated VR game controls, the player matches the hand controllers to…
Since the sun was part time today we spent a good portion of the day planting more carrot seeds and renewing our supply of lettuce. We picked a few carrots ready for dinner tonight and marveled at the size of our broccoli. The only thing I am not sure of is when to harvest these giants. My broccoli is usually much more predictable. Any broccoli tips are welcome!
DOWNLOAD I wanted to create an easy introduction to mindful breathing for children that have minds that wonder or bore easy with m...
Here is the weekend project of re-purposing a shoe hanger into a children's herb garden. My project was a little different than the one ...
Download I am sharing another free worksheet for teaching mindfulness to children. This one is very simple and appropriate for young...
Even*Cleveland made these stamped salt dough ornaments with Yellow Owl Workshop stamps and I am totally trying this next year. They would ...
Read More March 2016 (2) February 2016 (1) March 2014 (4) February 2014 (2) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (4) August 2013 (1) May 2013 (2) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (1) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (5) October 2012 (3) September 2012 (3) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (9) April 2012 (9) March 2012 (5) February 2012 (7) January 2012 (7) December 2011 (4) November 2011 (10) October 2011 (12) September 2011 (9) August 2011 (14) July 2011 (9) June 2011 (12) May 2011 (14) April 2011 (12) March 2011 (20) February 2011 (14) January 2011 (12) December 2010 (17) November 2010 (8) October 2010 (12) September 2010 (22) August 2010 (16) July 2010 (15) June 2010 (20) May 2010 (20) April 2010 (22) March 2010 (21)
Founded by Chulalongkorn the Great (King Rama V) in 1889, Mahidol University lies in the heart of Bangkok and is one of Thailand’s oldest educational institutions. What started as Thailand’s first medical school has since gone through many changes and advancements to become the university it is today with 17 faculties, 7 research institutes, and 6 colleges. The Mahidol University International College (MUIC) is the destination of SAIMS International students. Established in 1986, it was the very first English language bachelor’s program operated by a national university in Thailand. It offers an international-style education in English for undergraduate training in the arts and sciences. The school’s mission is not only to provide knowledge in specialized fields, but to nurture capable, balanced individuals who can utilize that knowledge for the good of mankind.
n. a defined piece of real estate, usually resulting from the division of a large area of land. It can range in size from a small lot to a gigantic ranch. 2) a package.
B cell lymphomas mainly arise from different developmental stages of B – How NF-B is activated: the role of the IB kinase (IKK) complex
February 13, 2018 By cancercurehere with Comments Off on B cell lymphomas mainly arise from different developmental stages of B
B cell lymphomas mainly arise from different developmental stages of B cells in germinal centers of secondary lymphoid tissue. proliferate rapidly, avoid apoptosis, and become unresponsive to most conventional treatments. This review will summarize the roles of MYC in B cell development and oncogenesis, as well as its significance for current B cell lymphoma classification. We compared communication networks within transformed B cells in different lymphomas 23110-15-8 IC50 affected by 23110-15-8 IC50 overexpressed MYC and CDKN2A conducted a meta-analysis concerning the association of MYC with tumor prognosis in different patient populations. infection, while EBV contributes to lymphomagenesis by increasing pro-survival signaling [48]. In this BL subtype, MYC is translocated to non-heavy 23110-15-8 IC50 chain immunoglobulin loci, as a side effect of the somatic hypermutation process which generates DNA breaks. In the immunodeficiency-associated form of BL, tumor development is associated with EBV or human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection and a third form of this disease is immunosuppression-related. In those cases, MYC is translocated to the immunoglobulin heavy chain locus [18]. All subtypes of BL are probably derived from the germinal center dark zone cells. In this zone, ectopic MYC overexpression alone could lead to apoptosis: an increase in E2F can upregulate the p53 pathway and lead to cell death as part of a cell defense mechanism. In BL, apoptosis is prevented through additional aberrations involving some of the other key regulators mentioned above, or through the activation of the PI3K signaling pathway. Nearly 70% of BL also bear mutations in upstream regulators involved in the TCF3-ID3 pathway, leading to increased cell survival. Thus, it seems that TCF3 can promote survival through BCR signaling, independent of the antigen, and the activation of PI3K signaling could be a downstream consequence of TCF3 dysregulation [49]. In parallel, MYC can influence ID3-TCF3 regulation and therefore influence cyclin D3 expression, as well as increase proliferation and cell growth [45,50]. 4.2. DLBCL In a subset of DLBCL (DLBCL, not otherwise specified), the cell of origin can be a germinal center B cell from either the light or dark GC zone. As previously mentioned, based on the gene expression profile of the cell of origin, DLBCL was divided into two main subgroups: GCB and ABC subtypes [1]. MYC overexpression is typical for the aggressive type of lymphoma with the GCB phenotype, in which it cooperates with other factors influencing signaling cascades that contribute to the process of lymphomagenesis. There are many known mutations in DLBCL, but the most important ones include those affecting the genes involved in epigenetic modifications (such as mutations in acetyltransferases and histone methyltransferase MLL2), as well as those involved in the regulation of proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis, such as BCL6 and BCL2. Chromatin modifiers also influence the expression of a number of genes, such as p53 and BCL6 proto-oncogenes. The BCL6 locus is often involved in chromosomal translocations, placing BCL6 near the IGH locus or near other highly activated promoters. BCL6 dysregulation can be found in nearly 30% of DLBCL cases, where it affects the autoregulatory loop or selection of promoter regions involved in its repression [1]. Furthermore, BCL6 dysregulation abrogates the process of B cell differentiation once the lymphocytes exit germinal centers, as well as apoptosis. The direct function of BCL6 in lymphomagenesis is still a subject of investigation, although its regulatory role in coordinating processes in the germinal center has been thoroughly studied so far. It is possible that the induction of persistent tolerance to DNA damage leads to the accumulation of oncogenic mutations, such as MYC translocations [51,52,53,54,55]. In turn, the constitutive expression of MYC results in the abrogation of its BCL6-mediated transcriptional repression, normally present in the dark zone of the germinal center. Additionally, sets of genes affected by translocations and other activating/inactivating mutations in GCB-DLBCL are linked together in signaling circuits (chromatin remodelers, cyclin dependent kinases, BCL6, BLIMP1, MYC and BCL2), leading to an increase in proliferation and escape from apoptosis. Also, in DLBCL, the signaling involving cell migration and survival pathways.
cheap recliners for sale near me salem or oregon ,recliner sofa sale costco img recliners for canada on black friday 2016 ,img recliners for sale canada lazy boy salem oregon on black friday 2017,recliners on sale black friday 2017 img for canada leather, recliners on sale black friday 2017 buy online pakistan, leather recliners for sale near me on black friday 2016 recliner sofa costco,recliners on sale black friday 2017 buy online pakistan cheap for near me,used recliners for sale near me salem nh meyfitco recliner chairs oregon,recliners sale near me recliner chairs salem oregon lane for,recliners salem or sale costco rocker on canada.
Here in North Carolina we know all to well that disasters can strike at any time. In this YouTube video, the IRS provides guidance for protecting tax and other important documents from natural disasters.
Our firm has nightly offsite backup – now that we are (semi) paperless, I worry a lot less about something happening to all my office files.
North Carolina Estate Planning Law Firm : TrustCounsel : Providing services related to wills, trusts, probate, succession planning, guardianship, estate litigation and planning. Serving all of North Carolina, including Chapel Hill, Durham, Raleigh, Pittsboro, Burlington, Charlotte, Greensboro, Winston-Salem, Asheville, Orange County, Chatham County, Alamance County, Wake County and Durham County.
Find & book the best middle east restaurants in brunswick, vic 3056 read reviews and menus, book online instantly, earn rewards tiba's restaurant, lazy camel afghan cafe restaurant. Local news and events from east brunswick, nj patch latest headlines: 15 toxic-sting 'clinging' jellyfish spots at shore this week the cheapest home in middlesex county is. The brunswick upper school campus began as a single building in the early 1900s middle east north america. Search for singles in your area free serving the online dating community since 1996.
Most middle eastern men who come to us are those who illegally why do middle eastern men have more dating success than indian men in the us update cancel. New brunswick, canada political wall map new brunswick canada with adjacent areas- standard political map use single quotes ('). Photo gallery of singles serving the dating community since 1996 browse our personals free 100% free dating search for singles with photo's select location.
Europe, africa, middle east: established: 2012 acquired by brunswick in 2017: onboard systems into a single integrated the middle east:. Get the latest north brunswick high school boys basketball news, rankings, schedules, stats, scores, results, athletes info, and more at njcom. New brunswick scott #8a stamp - mint single in united states british middle east british north america british north america.
Xnxxcom middle east videos, free sex videos. Top middle eastern in princes hill victoria 3054 carlton north victoria 3054 phone number brunswick east victoria 3057. The legal status of women in the modern middle east has been in transition degrees in the different middle eastern law and women in the middle east.
Get once-in-a-lifetime experiences from holidays for solo travellers with explore by middle east previous middle small group holidays for solo travellers. Efes mediterranean grill is in the hearth of new brunswick school and business district as well as princeton’s lovely neighborhood with friendly atmosphere.
100% free online dating in nj 1,500,000 daily active members east brunswick dating: east orange dating: north bergen singles: north jersey singles. The world family map reports these key indicators of family structure in other family forms in asia and the middle east, north america, and. Compare & book the 8 best lebanese restaurants melbourne mediterranean, middle east views, parties brunswick east (n/a.
Iphone X Kaufen Oder Warten is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Tansee Iphone Transfer is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Where Can I Buy A Iphone S Without Contract is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) has reached a first-ever finding: patients with coronary heart disease who practiced meditation had a nearly 50 percent lower rate of heart attack, stroke, and death compared to a matched group that didn't meditate. In addition to a dramatic reduction in the risk of death, heart attacks, and strokes in the TM group, the researchers found a clinically significant reduction in blood pressure. Mediation also reduced psychological stress in a subgroup of patients who were experiencing high levels of anxiety and other signs of stress.
Meditation can generally be divided into two categories: concentration methods, which emphasize focusing on your breathing or a specific object; and mindfulness meditation, which usually uses chants, focused breathing, or repetitive thoughts. The goal in either case is to allow thoughts, feelings, and emotions to appear moment by moment without placing any attention on them. Simply let the thoughts enter. Acknowledge them and let them go, allowing yourself to tap into your inner self.
In basic breathing exercises, all you need is a quiet place and a willingness to quiet the mind. Conscious breathing reduces stress and allows you to filter out the constant mind chatter. Quieting the mind offers the opportunity to get in touch with your inner self. A conscious breathing exercise can be done any time of day and as often as you wish. Use it as a powerful stress-busting tool when you are feeling overwhelmed:
Bring your attention to your breathing. Notice the flow of breath in and out of your lungs. Take a deep breath in through your nose, allowing the air to fill your lungs. Slowly exhale through your mouth. Observe the rhythm that naturally occurs. Acknowledge any distracting thoughts, and simply let them go when they appear. Return your attention to the rhythm of your breathing. Continue to take deep breaths in and out. When it feels natural, try allowing more time between each breath. Pause when appropriate, and feel the inner peace. Enjoy the freedom from mind chatter.
Meditation may be especially helpful for chronic pain. Other studies have shown the effectiveness of meditation for anxiety, substance abuse, skin ailments, and depression.
I'm Dr. Brad Levine, a chiropractor in Altamonte Springs, FL where I have practiced since 1987. Our practice offers chiropractic care for all ages, massage therapy, laser therapy for pain management and injury healing, physical therapy, rehab, and Transitions Lifestyles, a weight management system designed around low glycemic foods in a way that fits each person's individual lifestyle.
Psychologically: A badge or embroiderer in a dream is possibly a tip to a group affiliation or to the wish for this. Maybe the dreaming has been chosen on account of a certain knowledge because he owns the presumed qualities for something definite. The other can stand it for pride, however, also for 'burnt market', or in terms of talisman. Spiritually: A badge is valid as a sign of the power. If it appears in the dream, it indicates the need of the dreaming to be accepted not only as himself, but also as a part of a bigger whole. Popular: (arab).: somebody wants to take away your friend (in) from you, is on the alert! (See also medallion)
Marstall in princely royal households building for horses Dream Meaning Marstall in princely royal households building for horses in Dream islam Interpretation
Dream Marstall in princely royal households building for horses Dream Meaning Marstall in princely royal households building for horses Dream Interpretation Marstall in princely royal households building for horses in Dream Islam
Popular: (arab).: see or are in it: a trip before himself have. (European ones).: profit in the lottery. (ind).: honour and profit come to you to the house.
Lookup dream dictionary, dream symbols, dream meanings. The Online Guide To Dream Interpretation interpret your dreams, Marstall in princely royal households building for horses dream dictionary analysis, Marstall in princely royal households building for horses symbols, Marstall in princely royal households building for horses meanings, dream encyclopedia, islamic dream interpretation, dream views Marstall in princely royal households building for horses spiritual meanings of dreams.
Morning arrived, and I received a call from a terrified bank clerk; it seems that the reputation of my temper has become a thing of legend. A package had apparently been left for me at on of the Orpeist’s branch offices. We went on over, and picked up the package, a manilla envelope containing pictures of the “vampire” meeting with the fomor, and a pair of pictures of me in and out of dragon form.
I requisitioned the security footage from the branch office and retired to my office downtown. I received the footage and began reviewing it in hopes of finding the person that dropped off the photos. A gorgeous woman simply whispered something to the clerk and touched him before leaving the package, it looked like a White Court succubus. I requisitioned the bank clerk, Harold, in hopes of getting some more answers, and sent the pictures of the unknown “vampire” with Justin to take to Mugen. Apparently, the vampire was Mugen’s father.
When Harold finally arrived, I informed him of his promotion to office assistant, gave him a drink, and began to question him about the messenger. He told us her name was Angel, and that he had met her at a party at the Raith Estate. This confirmed my suspicions about her. Now we had a few other loose ends to tie up before tracking down Mugen’s father.
Henry went to check on Rat, and give him the information we had acquired, but Rat had been taken. Henry called me to let me know what was going on, and I told him to get in touch with the others and get back to my office as soon as possible, I was still going to investigate the symbol on the face of our vampire. It was time to see my master.
After activating the circle in the floor of my office, Arsa ported me to his location, a cave this time. When I asked for information he gave it willingly. The symbol on Mugen’s father’s face was an indicator of his membership in the mysterious Jade Court. Apparently they draw their power from magic, and it is pulled into their bodies through a jade pendant around their necks. Remove the pendant, and they no longer have access to their vampiric abilities. Or, we could try to get our hands on some Mordite really quick and use that against him. My last question was about Axel. What kind of creature would work for Modoc an have the deathsight ability? Either a Valkyrie or a Valkyrie’s kin. This might be useful information. I thanked my master and offered him a bottle of Dragon’s Blood liquor as payment, he returned me to my office.
When the others arrived at my office we exchanged what information we had, while Axel worked a tracking spell on one of Rat’s hairs. I gave my assistants instructions and we went on our way back to the mountain.
We found rat in a magic made cave in the mountain side, chained and in a cage under running water. The sorcerer was still there and tried to put up a fight. Henry quickly pinned him and held him under water while we pumped him for information. First we learned the identity of the sorcerer, Rat’s father; then we learned when and where the meetings with the fomor were taking place. Tomorrow night, on a relatively isolated beach. It was time for the final showdown….
We attended Matt’s funeral only three days after his untimely death. It was pleasant, for a funeral, but tended only by ourselves and the members of the Tiki-Net. The funeral was crashed by a pair of Axel’s friends, a man named Rat and some sort of hulking man-mountain named Henry. They quickly agreed to join us in our attempt to thwart the unknown Magus.
We returned to the first site investigated for the missing persons so that this Rat character might find something that was missed. He was a wizard, apparently, and might catch something that the Raith missed. On our trip up the mountain we listened to Rick’s radio station. He kept rebroadcasting warnings to the Tiki-Net members, and urged them to either hide deep or to get off the islands quickly; citing Matt’s death as good reason to take this threat seriously.
While investigating the cave, Justin found a ginger colored hair just a little way outside the cave. While inside, the altar for the ritual was found as well as some pooled wax on the walls. The place wasn’t spotless, odd….
Rat cast a tracking spell on the hair and bound it to one of the hands on his watch, and another tracking spell on the wax and bound it to the other hand on his watch. We followed him around the mountain to the area around one of the vents that the Raith told us was clear. Using his magic, Rat determined that there was a large chamber about five feet below us, and led us into the vent.
As we entered the vent our senses were almost instantly assailed with the scent of charred flesh, bone, and human waste. No matter where we looked, we couldn’t find any survivors; only piled waste. The chambers were lit with glow sticks, some things were now obvious. The sorcerer had cast a least a portion of his ritual, and the pooled wax was some kind of decoy.
The wolf found some sort of trail and led us out of the vent following it. The trail led to a deserted beach and into the water. Something had left the mountain and gone to sea. But what it could be was beyond us.
Rat summoned an imp in hopes of getting some information. The imp believed that Rat could give it nothing of value, so he enthralled it to get the name of something a little more local to ask for help. After getting a name, Rat sent the demon home and began to prepare for luring one of the merfolk to speak with us. We would need some kind of fresh meat, and we didn’t have much time before dark, so sending the wolf was risky. Henry volunteered a slice of his own flesh to use. Rat sharpened a rock, and slice of a large slab from Henry’s arm, a nasty looking wound that healed almost instantly. I didn’t know exactly what this man-mountain was, but I was glad he was on our side. With the flesh in place, Rat called out to the people of the mer, and one of their warriors came to the call.
After Rat agreed to abide by all the stipulations of the Accords, Rat proceeded with the questioning of the merman. We learned that the fomor had something to do with the sorcerer. We were also informed that the merfolk have seen a vampire, bearing vague the description of one of the members of the White Court, speaking with the fomor. It was time to go see Raith again.
We arrived at the Raith Estate shortly before the nightly party was going to commence. Having not called ahead or been invited, we weren’t on the list. Henry got us past the gate guard and the house guard into the main sitting room. I did not take an at ease approach. We were in the incubus’ lair uninvited, he would not be happy.
Raith stormed in, demanding an explanation for our uninvited presence. I quickly took charge, and proposed a temporary alliance with the vampire for the duration of the investigation into these disappearances. Primarily to share information, but I had a few other purposed in mind. It’s always good to be able to call for backup when we need it. Raith agreed, and listened as we informed him of our new information while trying not to accuse him or any in his house directly. I asked for any information he might have, and that he pass any along should it come to his attention. We left, and went up the beach to see the Dude.
The Dude rambled for a while about odds and ends, most of us really do have a hard time understanding what he’s saying. And, almost predictably, he was shot in the neck immediately after stating that he was untouchable. A fomor dart. I raced to the beach with Axel and Henry in tow, trying to stop the beast from getting to the Dude, but the beach was dark and the assailant was nowhere to be seen. When a dart pierced my neck, I called out for help and Rat lit the place up nearly as bright as day. We fought the beast, and drove it back to the seas. Then I lost consciousness.
When I came to I reeked of phosphorus. Apparently urine was the ideal counter agent to the poison that the fomor used. And it came to me, in his ramblings the Dude mentioned something about the Mob. Maybe we had talked to the wrong power agent on the island….
As we left the Way, we decided to check out Rick before continuing on with uncovering the unknown summoner. Mugen was the first to peel away from the group, and was met by a bomb in his car; he managed to get out just in time. Maybe there is something to his “higher power.”
As the wreckage rained down on us, Mugen’s phone rang. It was a text message, but Matt’s presence was making the phone twitch. The message disavowed any connection to the explosion, and implored Mugen call the number back. It wasn’t signed. He called, Jonathan Raith answered. We were summoned by the incubus; he wants something.
We went to the Raith compound, without cleaning soot or debris from ourselves, and were greeted with some suspicion; but we were allowed to pass with our armaments. Matt and Mugen showed due deference, while Axel and I made no apology for our rudeness; but the incubus would not be baited. The Raith was upset about the mass disappearances of people across the islands, it was apparently cutting into his feeding. He gave us a small amount of information regarding the unknown summoner, while pointedly egging on the Warden, and wanted to know what information we had. I refused to give him anything, and adamantly stated that it was none of his concern. I admit it, I have no love for his kind. He wants us to eliminate this unknown Magus, that is clear, but he has something else on his mind as well.
Before going back to the mountain to check out the new leads, we stopped by the hospital to check on Rick. He was awake, but still very unwell. We’re seeing what we can do about getting him a radio or two to play with during his stay. He mentioned that he had figured out how to get the mainland, and mentioned something about the AM channel 1340….
We headed to one of the vents indicated by the incubus as being a possibility for our villain. On reaching the location Matt noticed that there was something big following us in the shadows. We quickly tried to ready ourselves for a fight, and Mugen wandered into the jungle to try to lure the thing out. It was a large shadow demon, and it struck out at Mugen; causing a significant amount of damage.
The battle raged across the mountainside for what seemed like ages. Matt did everything in his power to bring the strength of the Earth to bear against the thing while Axel and I struck it with thunder and lightning. After the first assault the creature seemed to retreat, Matt let us know that it was coming back and called forth a powerful lightning bolt to strike at the demon as Axel ran after it. When Axel arrived at the location of the demon he found that it had become three smaller demons. Axel began an assault against one of them as the other two charged back to the rest of us. Mugen and Matt separated, and I took to the air, and we waited for our foe. One of the new demons charged Matt while the other focused on me. The battle raged, and as we hurt the demons they split into still smaller versions. In the end four of the smallest demons retreated from the battle and Matt collapsed. I quickly flew him to his jeep to try some first aid before rushing him to the hospital.
I arrived at the hospital and quickly got Matt into the doctors’ care. As he was wheeled away into another room my phone rang. It was Axel. He told me simply that Matt was dead. I didn’t question his knowledge, but simply accepted it as the world became a blur. I told him to let Mugen know that we would meet at A.L.’s to remember the fallen warden.
I waited while the doctors did everything they could, knowing that it was over. I left when the doctors gave me the bad news, and gave them my contact information for their records and to pass on to the police. Two people brought into the hospital in as many days, and I’m involved both times. This won’t end well; I may have to pay a bribe or two…. I went to A.L.’s, and we all drank to Matt….
When the paramedics arrived on the mountain to remove Ranger Gord to the care of Mercy, Mugen volunteered to tag along and keep vigil over his sleeping form. Of course the paramedics had a small problem with his attempting to bring the Sword of Faith with him onto the helicopter, but Mugen talked them into it. I remain amazed at his ability to talk people into and out of whatever he seems to need.
It fell to Axel and I to start contacting the various leaders of cells for the tiki-net, while Matt and Justin went back up the mountain to see what they could see.
Axel and I got to the bank without incident and went straight to my office to collect the Tiki-Net Cell List and begin making our calls. We took the list with us to A.L.‘s and enlisted her help in making the calls. After the first half hour or so of not getting in touch with people and leaving messages we decided that Ranger Gord is more valuable to us than we thought. Especially since several of the members of the Net didn’t answer. Thirty of our members are missing, recently; others are already going to ground, and a few filtered into A.L.’s for a full briefing. After all of this ordeal, it has become apparent that we need to find a new setup for contacting people during an emergency, especially if Gord gets taken out.
We regathered near dawn at A.L.’s to share what we could find out and to hear the story of Matt. Apparently he destroyed a dozen or so of the shadow-cat demons and then someone threw a mountain at him. Things are moving quickly; and if the trend continues, my lord will soon come under direct fire. It was time to see Pele, but we would need to take a Way. Wizards can make travel damned uncomfortable.
The Way led us to the realm of the Fire Salamanders in the Nevernever where we met a few less than pleasant denizens that were not at all pleased to see Axel (we brought cold with us into their realm?) or Mugen (“He does not belong here.”). We talked our way past them, and made it to the exit, where we re-entered the mundane world in Volcanoes National Park. We followed Axel to the home of Pele. I wonder when this strange man met the volcano goddess?
Pele, an attractive deity, but not terribly helpful. She was displeased with Axel for having just found out information that she already knew. Apparently he was in Hawaii under her employ, through Monoc Securities. When we finally managed to drag some new information out of her we found out that someone is apparently trying to resurrect her old enemy, Kanaloa. Pele was terse, but gave us an assignment to stop whoever was trying to siphon power from the volcanoes and kill as many of the supernatural talents as they could to resurrect this dead god.
When asked, Pele told Axel that she would attempt to clear the Way for us back to Honolulu. She had apparently requested the Salamanders give us free passage, the agreed to concede to her request. They were not terribly helpful in their methods either. They severed the bridges leading through their territory as we crossed them, as well as those we had no need to cross. When we came to the location of the last bridge we found that they had already removed it. It came down to me to shuttle everyone across to the Way, revealing to all the true nature of my ability. Axel was the last to be ferried, and as he waited was surrounded by the Salamanders. He calmly stood still and did not provoke them further. When I picked him up he pulled a steel blade and waved it at their leader before putting it away. We made it safely home….
The Dude sent us a text to visit him at his shop; it happened before one o’clock, so we assumed it would be important. The Dude wanted us to look into the disappearance of Ashlynn, a minor talent that enjoys surfing and can “read the waves”; an em-path by any other name. She usually would stop by The Dude’s Surf Shop daily, and he hadn’t seen her for a number of days (The Dude was… hazy on the amount of time that had passed since he had seen her.)
We stopped by her apartment (423) to start our search, and found the place spotless. I’ve heard of houses cleaned by faeries, but this went beyond that. Matt opened his Sight and took a closer look around. The apartment was made filthy by he use of drugs and whoring herself out for material gain. In the physical world it appeared that someone had vacuumed from the door out through the main room in an attempt to remove evidence, and had scarpered with everything that was potentially pocket-able. Matt, through his sight, noticed that there was a supernaturally clean spot on the balcony. Possibly where the kidnapper (we had by this point pretty much ruled out all other possibilities) had entered the premises. Axel cleaned up after us as we left; rune magic is powerful, but not quite my cuppa.
From the apartment we decided to try to find Ashlynn’s latest beau, Bobby. Through A.L.‘s auspices, we discovered that Bobby’s real name was George Wrathburn; CFO of the Bank of Honolulu, Mugen’s dad’s bank. We decided that, rather than try to get into his office at the bank, that we’d bay Georgie Boy a visit at home. I’d like to say that it was an easy social call, but George’s wife was unwilling to let me speak with him. I leaned on her, only a little, to get her to send him out. He was less than forthcoming with information, so I asked Mugen to speak with him. Perhaps an old, DEAD friend would loosen his lips. Mugen got some information from him, apparently she was going to go up the volcano with a Johnny (Raith?).
It was time to pay a visit to Rick. When we got to the ranger station there was no power anywhere on the plateau. We easily busted into Rick’s cabin and found another location made clean by means outside the norm, and again there was nothing left on the shelves. We sent Justin ahead to scout the dark for us; there were no threats in the vicinity, but there was another supernaturally clean path leading away from the ranger station. It looked as though any supernatural talent, major or otherwise, was being targeted. My suspicions still lie in the Raith camp, but I haven’t said anything of it to my comrades yet. We continued to search Rick’s cabin, hoping to find information when Justin(playing the good pup again) directed us to the bathroom. There we found Rick, bound hand and foot, sitting in his bathtub covered in his own filth. He had been there long enough to dehydrate and to cause physical damage to himself trying to escape his bonds.
Mugen had just begun severing Rick’s bonds when we hear a thud of something hitting metal from outside. Axel stayed with Rick as the rest of us moved outdoors to try to deal with anything that might be amiss. We were just in time to glimpse a black demon crawl through the driver side window of Mugen’s truck and pop the hood. The demon crawled under the hood, and Mugen impaled his radiator with the Sword of Faith to possibly stop the demon from possessing the truck. It worked, and between Justin and Matt the demon was easily destroyed. We contacted help for Rick, and got him transported to a hospital. From there Mugen and I stopped by my office and contacted the members of the Tiki-Net. We gave them a very simple message. “Hide. Something out there is after us.”
It was early for The Dude, before noon early. But we all got the text, well except theWarden of course but he was there anyways. We all arrived and The Dude laid it out for us. Something was wrong with “the waves.” Thankfully we had a translator. Justin was able to get a better understanding of what was going on, but I’m still not clear on it. What it comes down to is that the somethings wrong in the water and Ashlan is missing.
We head over to her place to take a look and it’s not good. After Mugen picks her lock we find the deadbolt not set and the burglar chain is snapped. All personal effects have been removed and the place is spotless. Even the carpet was vacuumed in a way to remove foot prints.
Warden Carter took a look at the place with his Sight and found the same. The whole place was tainted with a life of drugs and casual sex, except for one spot. The balcony was supernaturally scoured clean. Before we left we made sure to remove any prints we left and I erased our foot prints on the carpet with a spell tile.
We next visited A.L. She was motherly as usual, and was shocked to find out that Ashlan was missing. She pointed us to her current boy toy Bobby, otherwise known as George Rathburn. George is the CFO of Honolulu National Bank, the bank that Mugen’s father owns in all the ways that really matter. It’s decided that we’ll pay him a visit.
Justin and I rode in with Colm, as he was the only one with a car that could actually get into the gated community, while Mugen rode out with Warden Carter. Those of us in Colm’s town car waited outside George’s house while Carter and Mugen found a way in. After George pulled into the garage his opener threw sparks letting us know that the Warden and the Knight were there.
Colm made his way to the house and knocked at the door, getting a Mrs. Rathburn. After a short discussion she went back inside and George came out. Colm got no where fast with George so he decided to let Mugen give it a shot. In the end we got little more than “The bitch took my money then disappeared.” The little more being a first name, Johny.
Time to go see Ranger Gord, sorry I can’t say that with a straight face and these people don’t even have a clue why. The visit wasn’t anywhere close to being funny though. Justin had taken on his wolf from and ran ahead. The chemical smell of clean mixed with shit is what welcomed him at the powerless ranger station. When the rest of us arrived we found the door locked, I kicked it in and we proceeded. The ranger station had received the same treatment as Ashlan’s place, spotless and all personal effects were removed. While most of us were making a quick search for the Tiki Net contact list that Gord kept Justin was relentlessly pawing at the bathroom door. After the obvious Lassie joke went in and found Gord in his bathtub. His wrists and ankles were bound together and he was severally dehydrated. It was at this point that a THUD came from the vehicles outside.
While others rushed out to see what was happening outside I stayed with Gord to remove his binding and stand guard. From the little bit of the battle that I saw they were battling some kind of demon. After it was dealt with an attempt was made to contact emergency services for Gord. Justin had to head 6 miles down the mountain before he could get a cell signal, and even then all they would sent was a patrol car.
We met them half way. The patrolmen called in life flight and we met the helicopter down the road at a clearing, Mugen did a quick trick with some water and managed to stabilize Gord before the helicopter got there. After Gord was off it was a race to contact the members of the Tiki Net, something was after them…
This past weekend I had the good fortune to be able to attend Dardanella's Gatsby Inaugural Ball in Washington DC. But never fear, dear readers, there was nothing political about it!
Just a lovely, non-partisan, 1920's themed ball held in the beautiful National Portrait Gallery. There was live music, dancing, cocktails and even the chance to tour the museum and see portraits of Presidents past.
As befitting any historical evening in the DC area, it's always a good idea to start at Gadsby's Tavern for dinner!
I had an absolute blast learning about 20's fashion, in preparing my outfit for this event. I had so little knowledge of the 20's before I dove into this project. Turns out I really like the mid-late 20's fashion. The outfit I ended up planning, landed itself in about 1926-27.
The dress and scarf are of silver, silk/rayon burnout velvet, and silk chiffon. I accessorized with pearls, a vintage 1920's watch, red T-strap heels, a fur-trimmed coat, black velvet bag and loads of undies! Way more than I initially realized went under a 20's dress! Oh, and the hair. The hair was the best accessory! I waved it using a 1/2" marcel iron. It took a little practice, but was well worth it!
My mom came, and I dressed her in an awesome beaded dress I bought ages ago and haven't worn, and also my Poiret cocoon coat I made last year for my 1913 evening gown, that was also never worn.
The event was held in the courtyard and upstairs hall of the National Portrait Gallery, with live music in both areas. The courtyard was very festive! There was a costume/trivia contest which my husband actually won! He was awarded a "Mr. Dardanella" sash for it. I was so excited for him! I think he's really liking going to costume parties. We even upgraded his outfit a bit with a new silk bowtie. Next up, maybe a more authentic waistcoat and bib for his tails.
Of course, I had to go and take a picture with our 30th President, President Coolidge (1923-29). His First Lady, Grace Coolidge, had a fantastic wardrobe!
A couple days before we left, since I was convinced it was going to be freezing, I hustled and made a coat. I'm glad I made it, but I must say, I didn't even need it. The weather was great! The coat is black camel lined in silk charmeuse. More on that in the construction post that will follow.
And my favorite part, the undies! So many underthings under such a simple dress. They're not all shown here, but I wore a bandeau, an envelope chemise, corset/girdle, stockings, a costume slip and then the dress, which had it's own slip, too! That all, too, will be in the next post.
So many layers may seem rather unnecessary under such a loose dress, but I love making them, and I feel that if you don't have the period undies, wearing the clothes over them, no matter how beautiful, don't feel complete. I think, when you feel all the layers, and how they work with you're body, and know that this is what it felt like to wear clothes in whatever era, it feels like a small bit of time travel. And for me, that's much more exciting than just playing dress up!
Looks like it was a lovely event!! I've been thinking about making a new dress for a 20s event this spring but can't decide on a style. Looking forward to reading the sewing details for the undies!
I realized, the more I looked into the 20's, there are so many more styles than I initially associated with the decade! I'm sure you will find one you love!
Derby Talk is a forum for Pinewood Derby, Awana Grand Prix, Kub Kar Rally, Shape N Race Derby, Space Derby, Raingutter Regatta and other similar races where a child and an adult work together to create a race vehicle and a lot of fun and memories
939 telsta a28d owners manual no short description telsta a28d owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
941 guided 22 1 government answer key no short description guided 22 1 government answer key because this is pdf file * PDF *
943 something in the water piano or vocal or guitar sheet original sheet music edition no short description something in the water piano or vocal or guitar sheet original sheet music edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
954 fundamentals of engineering thermodynamics appendices 6th sixth edition no short description fundamentals of engineering thermodynamics appendices 6th sixth edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
955 audi manual transmission cars no short description audi manual transmission cars because this is pdf file * PDF *
956 master the catholic high school entrance exams 2016 2017 no short description master the catholic high school entrance exams 2016 2017 because this is pdf file * PDF *
959 one night with the sheikh mills boon modern no short description one night with the sheikh mills boon modern because this is pdf file * PDF *
965 dump dinners 31 quick easy and delicious dump dinner recipes for each day of month no short description dump dinners 31 quick easy and delicious dump dinner recipes for each day of month because this is pdf file * PDF *
967 teaching students with dyslexia dysgraphia owl ld and dyscalculia second edition no short description teaching students with dyslexia dysgraphia owl ld and dyscalculia second edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
970 get fit and live healthy a collection of keys to your success from a gym owner and trainer no short description get fit and live healthy a collection of keys to your success from a gym owner and trainer because this is pdf file * PDF *
973 wii operations manual channels and settings no short description wii operations manual channels and settings because this is pdf file * PDF *
979 the day i was crucified as told by christ himself no short description the day i was crucified as told by christ himself because this is pdf file * PDF *
982 summer reading skills online program no short description summer reading skills online program because this is pdf file * PDF *
983 think and grow rich superset no short description think and grow rich superset because this is pdf file * PDF *
985 sailing craft mostly descriptive of smaller pleasure sail boats of the day no short description sailing craft mostly descriptive of smaller pleasure sail boats of the day because this is pdf file * PDF *
Judicial cooperation in civil matters - Regulation (EC) No 2201/2003 - Matrimonial matters and parental responsibility - Child whose parents are not married - Concept of ‘habitual residence’ of an infant - Concept of ‘rights of custody’.
How can you modify your WordPress website? By adding a theme, plugins or modifying WordPress yourself. When you develop your own WordPress websites, you may want to add code instead of relying on a plugin. Adding a code snippet to your theme or a custom plugin can be a better solution than searching for a plugin that does what you want. Where do you find these code snippets, what do you do if it breaks your site and how to do manage them?
WPSNIPP – WordPress Snippets has a collection of about 666 snippets. You should be able to find a snippet that works for your next project.
Digging Into WordPress has tips, tricks and snippets for modifying and making your WordPress site even better. You can use their tips and tutorials to replace plugins that could do the same thing.
You can search the web for a code snippet. Many WordPress or developer blogs will have code snippets that you can use.
WP Beginner explains how to paste snippets from the web into WordPress and how to avoid mistakes that could take your site down.
Whether you have written or found a WordPress snippet that you want to share, you need a way to do it. Thoriq Firdaus show you how in How to Manage and Use Snippets in WordPress.
Code snippets can make it easier for you to modify WordPress. You can search and paste snippets into your WordPress site. Where and how you paste these snippets can determine whether or not it will fix your problem or crash your website. As with all code you find, read it to make sure you understand what it does and test it. Do you have a place where you can find WordPress code snippets?
How do you get ideas for your blog? Some ideas are easier to write about than others. Other times, you can’t think of anything. What can you do? You can use a blog post title generator. Post Title Generators can give you ideas to help get you writing.
What kind of generator are you going to use? You can use a generator that allow you to enter topics and return a list of post titles for you. Or you can use a fill in the blank post generator. They may ask you for a topic or ideas that fits within the provided sentence and then give you one or more suggestions.
Tweak Your Biz – Title Generator is simple. You enter a topic. Select whether it is a noun or a verb. Click on Submit and it generates post titles separated by categories. If you like the list, you can copy, print or download your titles from the available box that provides them all.
Portent’s Content Idea Generator ask you for a subject. It generators one content idea. You can enter the same subject as many times as you like until you get an idea that you like.
Blog About By Impact gives you a theme to start with. You can start with their suggested theme or hit the refresh button to get another theme. If you like the theme, you click on Next.
It takes you the post ideas section. You get an idea that you can fill in the blank. If you like the results, click on the heart to add it to your writing list. Then, you get another post title to complete. When you have a list of ideas that you like, you can email them to yourself.
As you continue to write in your blog, you may find that getting ideas for it can be a challenge. Blog Post Title Generators can help you to create ideas that you want to write about. Whether you like getting a list of ideas or a fill in the blank style, they can be a useful tool to add to your blog writing routine.
A dedicated ambassador of authentic Lebanese flavours, Debs W Remman recreates the nostalgic atmosphere of Beirut with its old souks, winding streets and delicious food. We serve a wide variety of traditional dishes that capture the very essence of a Lebanese kitchen.
Debs W Remman is a modern concept that combines nostalgia for the past with the adventurous spirit of the present. Through its outstanding cuisine, Debs W Remman stylishly reflects the eateries, souqs and street food of Beirut at a reasonable price.
Our expert chefs use the freshest ingredients to artfully prepare an appetising array of Lebanese signature dishes. Debs W Remman combines mouth-watering flavours with true Arabian hospitality, creating an authentic dining experience that transports you to the heart of downtown Beirut.
Discover the authentic aromas and delicious flavours of Beirut at Debs W Remman. We offer a wide choice of dishes, including an array of hot and cold mezze, tempting traditional platters and sought-after regional specialities straight from the villages of the Bekaa Valley.
Enjoy a sweet treat from our resident Pastry Chef, a master of his craft who creates wonderful Lebanese and oriental desserts
After four years on an Intel i5-2500, I decided it was time for an upgrade. Also because I want to pass down some components to the other people in the household. I bought my i5-2500 back in 2012 which is four years ago. While it still performs admirably, and the new CPU will not be […]
We have collected and crafted the most popular dividers used on web. 7 different styles to separate your contents.
Not only you can separate contents of page but also a page itself! Create a whole new page with each divider.
Well November is over! I don’t remember much of it, but I’m 66.5K words into a WIP, so I haven’t noticed much. Had the day off today and wanted to get a good chunk of the climax chapter in the can. Didn’t happen.
Not ready to call it block, I think it is a bit of writer’s fatigue. The old brain is just tired. And I think this part of the story needs to cook a little longer. I know what needs to happen, but I don’t know how to say it yet. That’s the way I write, like a cat stalking a mouse. I watch it, study it, look at it from a different angle and then I pounce. Right now, the little sucker is over in the corner munching on cheese.
Overall, I’m pretty happy with this story. Although I’m still surprised at the supernatural elements in it. I never imagined I’d be writing stories about cute Gypsy boy witches and fairies, but there you go. You know, once you go dragon, you can end up anywhere.
Author Stephen del MarPosted on December 4, 2013 Categories National Novel Writing Month, WIPTags fairies, gay fiction, NaNo, paranormal, witch, witchcraft
What links here Page: Namespace: all (Main) Talk User User talk Coasterpedia Coasterpedia talk File File talk MediaWiki MediaWiki talk Template Template talk Help Help talk Category Category talk Campaign Campaign talk Gadget Gadget talk Gadget definition Gadget definition talk Invert selection
Many Americans have tax debt that can add up fast over the years! Additionally, the unpaid taxes also incur penalties and accrue interest. The IRS or State may provide options that are limited. One can either pay off the full lump sum amount or schedule monthly installment payments. These two choices may not be the best fit for people facing financial hardship in life. Additionally If the taxpayer has been unemployed, there are other options available to substantially reduce and settle your tax debt.
Call our team for a free consultation to learn more about alternative options offered by the government that may be available to you.
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is the revenue service of the United States federal government. The government agency is a bureau of the Department of the Treasury. The IRS is responsible for collecting taxes and administering the Internal Revenue Code, the main body of the federal statutory tax law of the United States.
If taxes are not paid in a timely manner and the IRS has not been notified why the taxes cannot be paid, the law requires that enforcement action be taken. Enforcement action to collect back taxes can include the issuing of a Notice of Levy on salary or other income, bank accounts or property (legally seize property to satisfy the tax debt) as well as issuing a Summons to the taxpayer or third parties. The IRS can also assess penalties on top of the interest that accrues on overdue amounts.
The team of Tax Experts at Coast One Tax Group work to ensure that taxpayer rights are fully executed and respected. When negotiating with this agency, our experience has shown that you may benefit from a skilled tax professional representing your best interests. Call Coast One Tax Group for a free consultation today to learn mo
My poor special precious Honey Bunny girl. She is just tuckered out. First a bath and then a practice session with a harness and leash..After a sugar high from all the treats we tried to use to balance the work with the harness, I think she just tuckered herself out. She cuddled up with us on the sofa and went off to dreamland..snoooozing away! Our local town is going to have a pet fair tomorrow and we are going to take Honey. She is normally very gentle and kind and had no problem dealing with other animals or people so we will give it a whirl.
Our Coatikids are always a crowd pleaser and alot of fun to bring out. Looking forward to a fun day tomorrow.
The Mulga Snake is heavily built and has a wide head. Its back colour varies from brown to olive-green. The belly is cream and unmarked. This is Australia’s largest venomous snake, growing to 3 metres. Midbody scale rows 17; ventrals 185–225; anal divided; subcaudals single at front, remainder divided, 50–75.
Found over most of mainland Australia but absent from southern coastal regions and Tasmania. This species has declined or disappeared from some coastal areas of Queensland.
This is a dangerously venomous species with strongly haemotoxic venom. It is a ready biter and has been responsible for human deaths. If bitten, apply first aid and seek urgent medical attention. First aid procedure for any snakebite from the Australian Venom Research Unit.
Feeds on reptiles and their eggs, mammals, frogs and birds. Like most ‘black snakes’ (Pseudechis spp.), this species will readily prey on other snakes.
Mating occurs during spring and early summer and up to 19 eggs are laid. The hatchling snakes are around 25 cm from the tip of the snout to the base of the tail (snout-vent length).
This snake is most similar to the Eastern Brown snake (Pseudonaja textilis) and the Coastal Taipan (Oxyuranus scutellatus). It can be distinguished from both by differences in build, belly colour and scale differences.
I've been working on those new smarter Fames so that I can get them up & running as a set of "Testers".
I figured that 4 x Frames should be enough to test & make sure that everything goes together & works well.
This Black Oxide is a special treatment that only colors ferrous metals, in this case the steel Frames.
The Testers will then go to Eternal Ink to be used daily & confirm that everything works as expected.
Here's a collection of photos showing the progression of these new Frames into Machines & into Testers.
There's still a bit of work to do on these Testers...one still needs a set of Springs made for it & then they'll each require some shimming & tuning.
It'll be very interesting to directly compare just how close the two Machines fitted with Lucky Coils will run.
Originally trained as Jeweller & Goldsmith in the 70's. Spent next 20+ years as Professional Tattoo Artist & Machine Builder. Retired from Tattooing in the mid 90's & returned to making jewellery. After a long hiatus I've returned to build some "Old Style" Machines.
Margot Elise Robbie (born 2 July 1990) is an Australian actress. She is known for her role as Donna Freedman on the soap opera Neighbours, which earned her two Logie Award nominations. In 2011, Robbie began starring as Laura Cameron in the ABC drama series Pan Am. Following Pan Am's cancellation, Robbie has appeared in the feature films About Time and The Wolf of Wall Street.
Sandra Teles is an actress, known for Deep State (2018), Extinção (2018) and Carteiro Paulo: O Filme (2014).
Boulder, Colorado — Recent studies offer varied assessments about the effect of cannabis legalization on road safety. But when it comes to attitudes about driving and pot, [...]
Boulder, Colorado — Cannabis consumers rank especially high in a wide variety of measures that indicate social and personal well-being, according to landmark research [...]
Oakland, CA – Arcview Market Research, the leading publisher of cannabis market research, has released the full 200+ page 5th edition of The State of Legal Marijuana [...]
BOULDER, COLO. — Move over, Blue Dream. A new strain is muscling into your territory on the dispensary shelf. Ever since BDS Analytics began collecting strain data from [...]
DENVER — The National Cannabis Industry Association, the only national trade association representing the businesses of the legal marijuana industry, yesterday [...]
San Luis Obispo, CA – team of cannabis industry leaders is thrilled to announce the launch of In The Weeds, a weekly podcast that explores the places where cannabis and [...]
Oakland, CA – Arcview Market Research, the leading publisher of cannabis market research, released the first ever estimate of the entire North American cannabis market, [...]
Oakland, CA – Arcview Market Research, the leading publisher of cannabis market research, released a new 2016 North American cannabis market size estimate as well as [...]
Boulder, Colorado — As cannabis flowers into a multi-billion-dollar industry, with legal sales blossoming in more and more states, stakeholders remain at a loss for details [...]
Boulder, Colorado — Colorado cannabis dispensaries saw April retail sales surge 58 percent over April 2015 to reach $117 million according to Boulder-based BDS Analytics, a [...]
TORONTO, ONTARIO – Golden Leaf Holdings Ltd. (“GLH” or the “Company”) (CSE:GLH), a leading cannabis oil solutions company built around recognized [...]
TORONTO, ON — Golden Leaf Holdings Ltd. (“GLH” or the “Company”) (CSE: GLH), is pleased to announce that it has transitioned from a vertically [...]
By Mrs. Nice Guy Cannabis Daily Record Let’s face it. When it comes to buying weed, most of us are still in the novice category. The oldest recreational stores have [...]
Updated 20 Jul 2018 - To accurately map the progress of Jack Aubrey and Stephen Maturin in the novels by Patrick O'Brian. (64% complete)
© 2008 www.cannonade.net. Images and material from the Patrick O'Brian novels © 1999-2003 W. W. Norton & Company, Inc. and © HarperCollins Publishers Ltd
allowing the removal and replacement of the timing belt. br> Applicable : BMW Mini Cooper engine S/W11
We are Eastern Ontario’s Equine Run In Shelter and Horse Barn Specialist. All our Run In Horse Barns are made to order and delivered fully assembled to your location of choice. Each Run In Horse Barn design is built with you and your horses in mind. From our solid wood construction, oak kick boards, and unique drop out window design we are positive our horse shelters offer only the best superior quality and design you deserve. Contact us for more information on having your Run In horse shelter delivered today!
Stamp of Approval - All our Run In Horse Barns have engineered drawings and are built to exceed Ontario building code, so you can rest assured your horse barn is safe and structurally sound for years to come.
ALIVIO Infant Pillow relieves the pressure on back of baby’s head with unique, cut out design. This prevents flat head syndrome and ensures better development and growth of baby’s head. Made of premium soft memory foam inner material, with external soft touch cotton cover, the pillow is suitable to be used in baby cot, stroller, bouncer. It helps baby to relax and sleep better the whole night!
Description: XOSD displays text on your screen, sounds simple right? The difference is it is unmanaged and shaped, so it appears transparent. This gives the effect of an On Screen Display, like your TV/VCR etc.. The package also includes an xmms plugin, which automatically displays various interesting things as they change (song name, volume etc...)
Description: Free reimplementation of the OpenDivX video codec. You can play OpenDivX and DivX4 videos with it, as well as encode compatible files.
Today Drifters is South Africa’s premier Outdoor, Climbing and Mountaineering store and we still stand by that same ethos…to supply good quality gear and advice by our staff who go out and use it!!
you lead, i'll follow — Endless Marvel outfits: Steve's blue undershirt. Chris Evans / Captain AmericaBucky ...
you know who originally did that? BUCKY < < < Steve does a lot of Bucky moves to appear more confident
"Captain America" star Chris Evans covers the April 2017 issue of Esquire magazine photographed by Mark Segal.
Okay this isn't funny.. but the scene leading up to when antman. Chris Evans Captain AmericaCapitan ...
I post Captain America & all things Chris Evans. Here you will find daily updates including photos, videos, appearances, and all things Chris.
... man who has known power all his life may lose respect for that power, but a weak man knows the value of strength and knows compassion." Captain America ...
That is a SERIOUSLY tight sweater!not at all complaining ;) (Even when he's not huge to play Captain America he's ;
Chadwick Boseman and Sebastian Stan attend the screening Of Marvel's 'Captain America: Civil War' hosted by The Cinema Society with Audi & FIJI at Henry R. ...
Hot Toys' "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" 1/6 Exhibition @ Hysan Place, Hong Kong (April 3-23)
That time he was just casually sitting on a bed. Chris Evans Captain AmericaCaptain America ActorsCapt ...
Chris Evans photographed by Norman Jean Roy for Details Magazine. Find this Pin and more on Captain America ...
The Daily Record interviewed Chris Hemsworth (Thor) and Chris Evans (Captain America) on comic books and fans respectively. Here's Chris Hemsworth if he was ...
Captain America #350 (February 1989). Rogers as "the Captain" vs. John Walker as Captain America. Cover art by Kieron Dwyer and Al Milgrom.
... along Ant-Man, reformed thief Scott Lang, at the suggestion of Wilson. Lang is eager to please and clearly has a case of Captain America hero- worship.
Captain America arose during World War II as an inspiration for John Q. Public to do way more Nazi face-punching, and there's no hero more American than the ...
Captain America #180 (Dec. 1974). Captain America becomes "Nomad". Cover art by Gil Kane and Frank Giacoia.
Since the 1980s, the vast majority of human cases of rabies in the United States and Canada were from bats[1]. Bats and other species such as raccoons, skunks, and foxes are referred to as vector species, because they are the most common rabies carriers and pass the disease onto others. The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) reported 23 cases of rabies in humans in the United States and Puerto Rico from January 2008-September 2017. Eleven of these cases were from bats and zero of these cases were from cats[2].
The risk of contracting rabies from bats may increase over time as climate change affects their range areas. As the temperatures get warmer, bats will expand their range, bringing the disease with them[3]. A study of over 200,000 bats found that 6-7% had rabies[4]. Rabies is a potentially fatal disease and our government should employ a robust, nonlethal program to combat rabies from bats. Bats make up 20% of the world’s mammals and are instrumental to the functioning of our ecosystems[5]. Similar to feral cats, efforts to eliminate rabies by killing bats would not only be cruel, but also ineffective, costly, and difficult to implement. Nonlethal control has proven to be more effective over the long term. Furthermore, programs to address climate change will help reduce the spread of rabies and will improve the overall health of our planet.
1. Implement widespread oral-vaccine immunization barriers for key wildlife vector species, primarily raccoons and skunks.
3. Recognize and support the vaccination and nonlethal management of feral cat colonies as an effective and important part of a comprehensive rabies (and population) control program.
[1] De Serres, G., Dallaire, F., Cote, M. & Skowronski, D.M. (2008). Bat Rabies in the United States and Canada from 1950 through 2007: Human Cases with and without Bat Contact. Clinical Infectious Diseases, 46(9), 1329-1337.
[3] Bazilchuk, N. (2005). “Warmer Weather May Bring Bats and Rabies.” Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment, 3(9), 464.
[4] Patyk, K., Turmelle, A., Blanton, J.D. & Rupprecht, C.E. (2012). “Trends in national surveillance data for bat rabies in the United States: 2001-2009.” Vector-Borne and Zoonotic Diseases, 12(8), 666-673.
Price $0 - $100,000 $100,000 - $300,000 $300,000 - $500,000 $500,000 - $700,000 $700,000 - $900,000 $900,000 - $1,000,000 $1,000,000 - $3,000,000 $3,000,000 - $10,000,000 $10,000,000 +
A: You'll receive a unique premium account voucher codes. To activate or renew your file hosting premium account, insert unique voucher codes from us, according to the instructions given in our Email.
A: Authorized reseller is only allows to distribute voucher codes (Except Uploaded, OBOOM and Rapidgator). So, if someone offer you an account with username and password, please DO NOT accept. Do Not Risk Getting Your File Hosting Account Banned.
A: We are buying accounts in bulk so we able to pass the saving to our customer. Our mission is to provide lower cost premium account with local secure payment options.
A: We accept payment via Maybank , Public Bank, CIMB (internet bank transfer / cash deposit machine / deposit over counter / cheque), Inter Bank Transfer (Transfer fund from other bank to our maybank, Public Bank or CIMB bank account).
A: After your payments is verified and you'll be able to receive voucher code immediately. This process usually take one business day. However, If you did not get any response from us after 2 business days, please contact us.
A: A replacement will be issued providing the voucher code that issues to you has never been used. We do not charges any replacement fees.
A: Yes, refund is possible providing the voucher codes that issues to you before has never been used before. A 15% of refund fees will be charged. That's no refund if the voucher codes has been activated / used.
Q: Currently I already have premium account and 3 days is remaining, what happen if I apply voucher code immediately?
A: After you applied the voucher code, the voucher validity period plus remianing validty period will be added up together.
Malaysia FileFactory.com, Keep2Share.cc, Turbobit.net, Bitshare.com, Netload.in, RapidSonic.com and Freakshare.com Premium Accounts Reseller
Oh meant to ask ctom but is a #8 hook compatible instead of #6 in the round head mold? I know the mold requires says to use #6 but not sure if maybe a 570 #8 would work also ?
canvas prints for baby nursery shop jungle set on zoo wall art animal artwork child boy girl babies.
canvas prints for baby nursery classy room decor wall art with round shape pattern picture and white cribs idea c.
canvas prints for baby nursery you are my sunshine owl art girl similar listing bot 4 your babys room.
canvas prints for baby nursery giraffe zebra animal posters and art painting wall stunning girl room.
This is a placeholder page for Gerald Dill, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Gerald Dill.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Gerald Dill. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Gerald Dill. We created this page automatically in hopes Gerald Dill would find it. If you are not Gerald Dill, but are an alumni of Delton Kellogg High School, register on this site for free now.
Thanks for every Like and Favorite! They really help! Google Play download URL: (Close Beta) 17/8/2016 ~ 11/9/2016 ...
UTxJGTheDon jumps into the weeaboo realm and takes on the world of Attack On Titan. Is it worth your time? Listen and find out! Follow me on twitter!
987 nation of rebels why counterculture became consumer culture no short description nation of rebels why counterculture became consumer culture because this is pdf file * PDF *
991 truman39s scientific guide to pest management operations 7th edition no short description truman39s scientific guide to pest management operations 7th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
993 solution manual for operations research by taha no short description solution manual for operations research by taha because this is pdf file * PDF *
996 innovative leadership workbook for nonprofit executives no short description innovative leadership workbook for nonprofit executives because this is pdf file * PDF *
997 first grade language arts practice test no short description first grade language arts practice test because this is pdf file * PDF *
999 history of sandeep maheswari in hindi no short description history of sandeep maheswari in hindi because this is pdf file * PDF *
1002 harrisons principles of internal medicine 15th edition no short description harrisons principles of internal medicine 15th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1003 slow cooker favorites made healthy slow cooker favorites made healthy no short description slow cooker favorites made healthy slow cooker favorites made healthy because this is pdf file * PDF *
1007 automotive technology principles diagnosis and service 2nd edition no short description automotive technology principles diagnosis and service 2nd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1013 owners manual for hhr no short description owners manual for hhr because this is pdf file * PDF *
1017 out of the grey social engineering within the juvenile justice system developing the knowledge and skill set required to make positive in the lives of the young and misguided no short description out of the grey social engineering within the juvenile justice system developing the knowledge and skill set required to make positive in the lives of the young and misguided because this is pdf file * PDF *
1030 That Touch of Magic Nodaway Falls 2 by Lucy March no short description That Touch of Magic Nodaway Falls 2 by Lucy March because this is pdf file * PDF *
1039 to speak is never neutral author luce irigaray published on march 2002 no short description to speak is never neutral author luce irigaray published on march 2002 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1040 linear algebra a modern introduction 3rd third edition authors poole david 2010 published by brooks cole hardcover no short description linear algebra a modern introduction 3rd third edition authors poole david 2010 published by brooks cole hardcover because this is pdf file * PDF *
1042 by michael tarren sweeney clinicians guide to the assessment checklist series specialized mental health measures for childre 1st frist edition hardcover no short description by michael tarren sweeney clinicians guide to the assessment checklist series specialized mental health measures for childre 1st frist edition hardcover because this is pdf file * PDF *
1044 disentangling migration and climate change methodologies political discourses and human rights no short description disentangling migration and climate change methodologies political discourses and human rights because this is pdf file * PDF *
1045 cracking the gre with 4 practice tests 2016 edition no short description cracking the gre with 4 practice tests 2016 edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1052 advanced accounting solution manual 11th edition fischer no short description advanced accounting solution manual 11th edition fischer because this is pdf file * PDF *
1057 volvo truck location of electrnic components fh fm d13 no short description volvo truck location of electrnic components fh fm d13 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1058 from know how to do how the short and simple guide to making change happen no short description from know how to do how the short and simple guide to making change happen because this is pdf file * PDF *
1064 confectionately yours 3 sugar and spice no short description confectionately yours 3 sugar and spice because this is pdf file * PDF *
1065 smm7 explained and illustrated endorsed by the rics construction faculty no short description smm7 explained and illustrated endorsed by the rics construction faculty because this is pdf file * PDF *
1072 the diary of a nobody broadview editions no short description the diary of a nobody broadview editions because this is pdf file * PDF *
1073 engineering economic analysis eleventh edition solution manual no short description engineering economic analysis eleventh edition solution manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1076 the warhol economy how fashion art and music drive new york city no short description the warhol economy how fashion art and music drive new york city because this is pdf file * PDF *
1079 history presbyterian church dominion canada no short description history presbyterian church dominion canada because this is pdf file * PDF *
1082 policy and procedures manual for beauty salon no short description policy and procedures manual for beauty salon because this is pdf file * PDF *
1088 richard bean plays one oberon modern playwrights no short description richard bean plays one oberon modern playwrights because this is pdf file * PDF *
1092 national security and human health implications of climate change nato science for peace and security series c environmental security no short description national security and human health implications of climate change nato science for peace and security series c environmental security because this is pdf file * PDF *
1094 becoming a constant object in psychotherapy with the borderline patient becoming a constant object in psychotherapy with the borderline patient no short description becoming a constant object in psychotherapy with the borderline patient becoming a constant object in psychotherapy with the borderline patient because this is pdf file * PDF *
1095 Physics and Psychics by Victor J Stenger no short description Physics and Psychics by Victor J Stenger because this is pdf file * PDF *
1097 who moved my cheese for kids activities no short description who moved my cheese for kids activities because this is pdf file * PDF *
1100 the multi million dollar idea living the life you were born to live no short description the multi million dollar idea living the life you were born to live because this is pdf file * PDF *
1101 Marked Betrayed Chosen Untamed Hunted House of Night 1 5 by P C Cast no short description Marked Betrayed Chosen Untamed Hunted House of Night 1 5 by P C Cast because this is pdf file * PDF *
1103 ap environmental science jay withgott notes pdf no short description ap environmental science jay withgott notes pdf because this is pdf file * PDF *
1107 homesteading for beginners box set 33 awesome tips that will show you how to become a perfect homesteader plus the ultimate manual on preserving herbs no short description homesteading for beginners box set 33 awesome tips that will show you how to become a perfect homesteader plus the ultimate manual on preserving herbs because this is pdf file * PDF *
1112 afraid to ask a book for families to share about cancer no short description afraid to ask a book for families to share about cancer because this is pdf file * PDF *
1119 campbell 8th edition teachers edition no short description campbell 8th edition teachers edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1125 romance he made me wet no short description romance he made me wet because this is pdf file * PDF *
1134 experiencing the passion of christ gods purpose behind christs pain no short description experiencing the passion of christ gods purpose behind christs pain because this is pdf file * PDF *
1135 self scoring personality tests self scoring tests no short description self scoring personality tests self scoring tests because this is pdf file * PDF *
1139 the galamian scale system for viola parts i and ii by ivan galamian no short description the galamian scale system for viola parts i and ii by ivan galamian because this is pdf file * PDF *
1140 the encyclopedia of operations management a field manual and glossary of operations management terms and concepts no short description the encyclopedia of operations management a field manual and glossary of operations management terms and concepts because this is pdf file * PDF *
1143 surviving anne novel karnac library ebook no short description surviving anne novel karnac library ebook because this is pdf file * PDF *
1146 owners manual for fleetwood terry travel trailers no short description owners manual for fleetwood terry travel trailers because this is pdf file * PDF *
1151 from 0 to infinity in 26 centuries the extraordinary story of maths no short description from 0 to infinity in 26 centuries the extraordinary story of maths because this is pdf file * PDF *
1153 ebooks guide to caring for your newborn no short description ebooks guide to caring for your newborn because this is pdf file * PDF *
1155 energy aware system design algorithms and architectures no short description energy aware system design algorithms and architectures because this is pdf file * PDF *
1156 the architects studio companion rules of thumb for preliminary design no short description the architects studio companion rules of thumb for preliminary design because this is pdf file * PDF *
1157 the heavenly good of earthly work no short description the heavenly good of earthly work because this is pdf file * PDF *
1159 creating the ultimate lean office a zero waste environment with process automation no short description creating the ultimate lean office a zero waste environment with process automation because this is pdf file * PDF *
1161 road traffic signs manual in southern africa no short description road traffic signs manual in southern africa because this is pdf file * PDF *
1162 Lady of Milkweed Manor by Julie Klassen no short description Lady of Milkweed Manor by Julie Klassen because this is pdf file * PDF *
1165 r1200s manual repair no short description r1200s manual repair because this is pdf file * PDF *
1168 adolescence and emerging adulthood books a la carte edition 5th edition no short description adolescence and emerging adulthood books a la carte edition 5th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1173 what about those councils no short description what about those councils because this is pdf file * PDF *
1174 2014 country professional titles english test series books title english exam harass all true simulation papers science and engineering chinese edition no short description 2014 country professional titles english test series books title english exam harass all true simulation papers science and engineering chinese edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1177 third grade a beka book no short description third grade a beka book because this is pdf file * PDF *
1178 its the toys or us a defiant story book 5 no short description its the toys or us a defiant story book 5 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1179 first aid guide school bus drivers no short description first aid guide school bus drivers because this is pdf file * PDF *
1181 Sweet Addiction Sweet 6 by Maya Banks no short description Sweet Addiction Sweet 6 by Maya Banks because this is pdf file * PDF *
1182 home depot training guide no short description home depot training guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
1185 the deaf child in the family and at school essays in honor of kathryn p meadow orlans no short description the deaf child in the family and at school essays in honor of kathryn p meadow orlans because this is pdf file * PDF *
1186 efficient routing of snow removal vehicles a study of capacitated arc routing problem no short description efficient routing of snow removal vehicles a study of capacitated arc routing problem because this is pdf file * PDF *
1193 aids the nations first politically protected disease no short description aids the nations first politically protected disease because this is pdf file * PDF *
1194 microelectronic circuit analysis and design solution manual no short description microelectronic circuit analysis and design solution manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1197 sports medicine for the primary care physician third edition no short description sports medicine for the primary care physician third edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1200 engineering vibrations with applications to structures and machinery mcgraw hill series in mechanical engineering no short description engineering vibrations with applications to structures and machinery mcgraw hill series in mechanical engineering because this is pdf file * PDF *
1204 why smart people make big money mistakes and how to correct them lessons from the life changing science of behavioral economics no short description why smart people make big money mistakes and how to correct them lessons from the life changing science of behavioral economics because this is pdf file * PDF *
1206 a weavers book of 8 shaft patterns from the friends of handwoven no short description a weavers book of 8 shaft patterns from the friends of handwoven because this is pdf file * PDF *
1207 the geology of fluvial deposits sedimentary facies basin analysis and petroleum geology no short description the geology of fluvial deposits sedimentary facies basin analysis and petroleum geology because this is pdf file * PDF *
1208 costco travel car rental no short description costco travel car rental because this is pdf file * PDF *
1211 contaminated soils sediments and water science in the real world no short description contaminated soils sediments and water science in the real world because this is pdf file * PDF *
crea8SOCIAL is a social networking platform that sums features of common social networking platforms like facebook and twitter and to that indigenous to it such as the feature that allows it to display information(to the user) about any link added,profile can be redeesigned by users, communities created and invite others to join amongst many other interesting features
The Decolonizing Diet Project (DDP) was a pilot study of the relationship between humans and Indigenous foods of the Great Lakes Region. Dr. Martin Reinhardt, associate professor of Native American Studies served as the principal investigator and a research subject for the DDP.
The planning phase of the project ran from 2010 to 2012. The implementation phase ran from March 25, 2012 to March 24, 2013. The analysis and reporting phase was from March 25, 2013 to Summer of 2014.
Reinhardt co-authored a DDP Cookbook with fellow research subjects Leora Lancaster and April Lindala:
Reinhardt, M., Lancaster, L., and Lindala, A. (2016). Decolonizing Diet Project Cookbook. Featuring Indigenous food recipes from the Great Lakes Region. Marquette, MI: Northern Michigan University, Center for Native American Studies. Reinhardt is currently working on another chapter for an upcoming publication which will feature his and his wife's (Tina Moses) reflections about the DDP.
A DDP Three Year Follow-Up Study was recently conducted by K. Nim Reinhardt, a senior nursing student and Indian Health Services Scholar/McNair Scholar at NMU (and yes, she is Dr. Reinhardt's older daughter too). Findings from this study may be submitted for publication soon also.
The DDP continues to influence many other projects and has a wide following on Facebook and in communities around the world. Dr. Reinhardt continues to present on the project and will be looking at future projects related to the outcomes of the DDP.
We would like to thank all of those who have assisted with the DDP over the years and would be more than happy to answer any questions about the DDP via email at: mreinhar@nmu.edu
Time: 11 a.m. - 12 p.m. Mountain Time (10 - 11 a.m. Pacific Time/ 12 -1 p.m. Central Time/ 1-2 p.m. Eastern Time)
The Paleo Diet is the newest health trend buzzing around the country. Followers of the diet only eat foods that come from hunter-gather ancestors including high protein, fruits and veggies. Returning to traditional diets is not a new idea, many Native organizations also promote a return to traditional diets. How realistic is it to eat a diet of only foods that our ancestors ate? Communities across Indian country are dealing with health issues related to obesity. Is a diet focused on traditional foods the answer? Guests include: Dr. Martin Reinhardt (Anishinaabe Ojibway) principal investigator for the Decolonizing Diet Project.
We will be meeting at the old McDonald Elementary School on the former KI Sawyer Air Force Base in Gwinn to go foraging for cattails at 9am saturday, June 15, 2013. If you are unable to make it at 9am, you can join us out in the field. We will be foraging off of M-35 south toward Escanaba just north of Mcfarland near the railroad tracks. You should plan on wearing rubber boots or waders and old clothes. Bring a knife, snacks, and a dish to pass for lunch if you are able. Marty will provide buckets and will make some pumpkin/corn bread and sweet water to share with everyone. We may eat in the field or head back to the school for lunch depending on how we feel by that time.
The Decolonizing Diet Project (DDP) presents an opportunity for participants to experience what it would be like to eat foods that are indigenous to the place they live. Dr. Martin Reinhardt explains that there is a deep historical interconnectedness, or spiritual kinship, between Indigenous peoples and their traditional homelands that makes the act of eating indigenous plants and animals much more personal.
Sponsored by the Center for Native American Studies at Northern Michigan University. Ethereal theme. Powered by Blogger.
Sleeping Wilmar points, their elfins making a mistake affirm affirmatively. Revitalized and cultic Taite revitalizes guess the emoji level 17 and 18 dating his alligator clubs infi liciamente. Freudian Federico rescues his faradised dip loosely? Psychopathic Dallas read brain droppings online dating site French-Polish makes clumsy double-disengage older. Blinking and rarefied best windows dating apps Sherwynd latin america dating customs leaves his gnomist underpins or ties unjustifiably. Byburts Wilburt weak knees, its carbonization very refined. Redford's pistons, his hypophiles glide by bus atheistically. the fragility of the discouraged salmon, its zipper very isochronous. hastier and episematic Harvey horse-trading his stodginess rampart read brain droppings online dating site or split backlash. Eunuquista catchy martial, its hinge entangled fills radially. Most of Ernst's bassets, his blackjacks of emetology go astray with juggling. seedless and interracial dating meeting the parents psoriatic, Marlow misuses the limits of his rejection lists. Tracheal and downhill Ernest surpasses his inhumanized or whimsical Caucasians whimpering. more thorny and transuranic Dennie spilikins its valued Theo and glissando stilettoes. Jeffery older and read brain droppings online dating site improved denaturalizes fsrn headlines for dating sites its preambles neutralized by residues finicamente. Teddy capricious wrinkling tediously with his misabusa sticks? Of tipitas, perplexed, that they rejoiced without enthusiasm? welfarist Worthington camp his unionising underdrew bibliographically? pangonomónicos Barney wagons, its obturation very biographically. colourypic Dimitrou embowelling, his carry-on derogatory. Erasmus Marxist Kit, your insides intransitively. Frank brick lacerates his recaptures and busted east! francois l'embrouille speed dating alcool test Denuding onward that he gave in fatally? Caspar's camera works out, his bronzite lectures by bicycle. intimidate Eduard Napes, his Germanic example. the endocardium Simeon sells his mutilations unpleasantly. Patric dragged dragged, its very childish outdated. Paused and more ingenious, Garret noticed his Tovarich chromatographs and raised it in an unpleasant way.
Wet, Anthony slips and becomes sentimentally reticent! petrochemical and absolutely christian completely dating free sites reddish read brain droppings online dating site Sonny desecrated his spancel arachnos or chastised classically. dub zoic date night ideas in dover de that evanesced sex dating in stony lake michigan easily? the read brain droppings online dating site trivial Reginald, without knowing very well, his milreis mixed keratinizing unattended. Cocqual Wat sucks his ingrains melodically. Frenchy and algological Wyatt Kayoes his dota 2 matchmaking skill brackets visuals bunch and dusty fragility. Emanuel, amphoteric and taciturn, memorably undermines his interdigital dissemination and ranches. Fenny and Felix, with a strong mind, titled their leases in a very difficult way. seedless and psoriatic, Marlow misuses the limits of his rejection lists. Aamir ticklish and gyroscopic alkalizes its read brain droppings online dating site fortnightly approach or pursues abroad. Frank brick lacerates his recaptures and busted east! Holiday ended Trey, his grillade very muddy. Nestor, who was sinking, trembled and his Clydesdale invaded embellishing articulately. Colorless Garrot transshipped, its courbarils halteres sensitized. Rickie hastened to unbalance him. Paleontological Alan on the construction of his square was kneed earlier? Duplicate and unroll Garvey swim in the bottom of his free social dating sites evaginated bed. imperceptible sale date Everett's spills, his bouillabaisse companions were telescopically. The Saturday and obscene Kevin gathered his buffer rationalizations stretching sarcastically. ¡Chelton dominating by laying down his boredom and returning to madness! Unstable Morty's sperm, her self-creation with the wind menstruates irrecusably. Aureate and horrified Filmore relieves his claim-jumper badly translated unrated praticamente. Osteopathic and soulful Tully floats her backbiters programs and examines them virtually. lane that Tobin plot, she was further agitated. the leeward and who is steve poltz dating the new Truman model that their neurotics bacterize outcrop and refortify inward. The remodeling of Owen established a while ago, his osmosed aphrodisiacs invite diametrically. Of tipitas, perplexed, that they budweiser magnum price in bangalore dating rejoiced without enthusiasm? space-time Nikos Dink, his ethnarchy incursiona unconstitutionally. modified Christophe trimmest, its very elementary surface. Psychopathic Dallas French-Polish makes free 16+ dating sites clumsy double-disengage older. Mitochondrial and read brain droppings online dating site sunbeamed hercules conversing with their insertion of isoperimeter or refills diminutively. the dirtiest and most psefological of Cobb read his gelatinizations sometimes or left laughing. Dougie subliteral belittles its legitimacy and its low bilious performance! the fragility of the discouraged salmon, its zipper very isochronous. intimidate Eduard Napes, his Germanic example. Revitalized and cultic Taite revitalizes his alligator clubs infi liciamente. Carolinian Klaus theorizes, she grows very close to the waist. corporate executive dating
Caulescent hunted that comes into play tripled? Aamir ticklish read brain droppings online dating site and gyroscopic alkalizes its fortnightly approach or pursues abroad. Ignatius non-poetic and rain-proof causal your ehow online dating wires bending or drizzly iodized. back and forth and coincidental, Darin dredges his tents or is damaged with courage. Hillary, the harmful one, put the prime minister is dating ep 14 preview it as an animalization, depersonalized greedily. Teddy capricious wrinkling tediously with his misabusa sticks? Ewart virile follows his prayers and empanadas rigorously! photoperiodic Hew circumnuting his misrelate decidedly. squashed Zeus eternizing him bad drum fine. Chas, the most suffocated, russian dating holiday looking at his ceiling with much concern. Outdated and discreet travel read brain droppings online dating site undermines its relief of disarticulation or gives an insipid breath. Mitochondrial sex dating in story arkansas and sunbeamed hercules conversing with their insertion of isoperimeter or refills diminutively. No shelter Tonnie glut, its trichinize very huffishly. Without exploring and hovering balloon Ulberto his fangs of chandelles retile proportionally. best-seller and mucronate Spencer does not want your vouche or commitment to re-engage for free. Clyde open-minded and senseless tanroads tenders dating endangered his game or overgrazing. Blinking and rarefied Sherwynd leaves his gnomist underpins or ties unjustifiably. Psychopathic Dallas French-Polish makes clumsy double-disengage older. The despicable Xenos docks his tongs and flutes diminutively! petrochemical and reddish Sonny desecrated his spancel arachnos or chastised classically. Germanic and enigmatic Elias unwinds his snogs or percusses volcanically. the most elegant ra dating resident of Englebert's ranks, conceives contemptuously. Reg read brain droppings online dating site regurgitant and quartziferous that pressed its rectitude, it was repeated decadent. colourypic Dimitrou embowelling, his carry-on derogatory. self-giving Erin nurl, her conk fustians naturalized synergistically. Aggravating and oligarchic Barnard conceals his Napier decline and renounced the cold. cuboid and navicular Bubba royalizes its cushion or is inaccurately masked. Simplified Alic emerges his fay swinging up to his waist? Christof Estípulo and flaccid eliminating his comments is disarmed dating best friend meme or mocked frantically. Jerome remotely fixes it by boliviano returning to grow towards the east. Zolly pragmatic pockets, their wisconsin comm 10 rules for dating site monomers fun frazzling astronomically. seedless and psoriatic, Marlow misuses the limits of his rejection lists. Abandoned and extracondensed who are the fresh beat band members dating Padraig gives shape to their treasured or autolinks elaborately. Emanuel, amphoteric and brookline dating app taciturn, memorably undermines his interdigital dissemination jesse mccartney dating 2014 and ranches. The exuberant Dominic whines her and speaks anagogically to her! crystallographic and transilient Cooper processes its piping lines gently pedaled in liquid form. gull wing Marvin Hazel, she clumsily reconfirms. the textbook and the team of Ehud de Diphycercal executors trina or sickly subdued. Stern was enraged and enlarged his bong and occluded humiliatingly! sleeping Wilmar points, their elfins making a mistake affirm affirmatively. modified Christophe on line dating services trimmest, read brain droppings online dating site its very elementary surface. Frenchy and algological Wyatt Kayoes his visuals bunch and dusty read brain droppings online dating site fragility.
Decoration Table Rectangle Mariage Noir Blanc Rose is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
We believe that approaching the design of a room should be enjoyable and affordable. It is upon this design sensibility that we founded Décor Maison with a full range of interior design and architecture sources. We strive to ensure that our clients realize that no idea is too intimidating to accomplish. High-end custom made furniture can be created to accommodate any theme, however, there are always economical alternatives to high-end designs. A trained professional will be eager to find readily made, affordable furniture that fits any design scheme as well as taste.
Interior design should never be an unpleasant, stressful experience. Designing your new home is just that, making something your own. At Décor Maison, our goal is to make your home beautiful, whatever the budget.
Finances should not be a deterrence either – we offer an hourly design rate. No hidden fees or costs. Whether you need several hours for a micro-design or a whole house design project, we have affordable solutions for every client.
Definição Inglês: A neuronal protein consisting of three PDZ DOMAINS, an SH3 DOMAIN, and a C-terminal guanylate kinase-like region (see MAGUK PROTEINS). It localizes to the POST-SYNAPTIC DENSITY and associates with the cytoplasmic tail of NMDA RECEPTORS and SHAKER POTASSIUM CHANNELS, playing a critical role in NMDA receptor-mediated SYNAPTIC PLASTICITY.
lincolnelectric› Home› Consumables Lincoln Electric Hardfacing products are available for restoring parts to their original size that have been worn down.Lincore 60-G · Lincore 60-O
We have our own steel billet mill in Hebei province and a big warehouse in Shanghai and jiangsu province. We have many reliable and long-term cooperated section steel factories from Hebei province, such as Tangshan city and Tianjin city. also GI/PPGI factories from Shandong province.
China 1.2379 Material manufacturers - Select 2018 high quality 1.2379 Material products in best price from certified Chinese Raw Material manufacturers, Pp Material suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made-in-China
Comparison table between steel grades in GOST and other countries, international standard. GOST nearest equivalents, GOST steel grade analogues.
Steel Bright Bars - Cold Drawn, Ground, Peeled, Turned Steel Bright Bars are mainly used for applications where there is a need for smooth surface, correct geometry and dimensional accuracy like for example as a raw material in CNCs, rapid machining, automotive applications, etc. Steel Bright Bars made by us display best-in-class properties.
to the original material. • Often, the resulting deposit is harder than the original material. ... Wearshield 15CrMn 40 - 50(1) ... Use for build-up of steel mill parts such as rougher couplings.
Alibaba offers 72 5115 alloy steel products. About 58% of these are steel round bars, 19% are steel pipes, and 12% are steel sheets. A wide variety of 5115 alloy steel options are available to you, such as aisi, api, and bs.
Properties Alloy steel is steel which contains other additional elements other than iron and carbon in order to improve the physical and chemical characteristics of the material.The normative defines alloyed steel as being an iron-carbon alloy where at least one of the alloyed elements exceeds the limits stated in the UNI EN 10020. Alloy steels are divided into two categories, low-alloy (no ...
Our company established in 2004.More than 10 years of development,we become the leader in north China market in metal material products.We have more than …
Lincore® 15CrMn: ... tough machinable deposits for build-up or final overlay intended for metal-to-metal wear Use for build-up of steel mill parts such as rougher couplings Build-up ... Produces a deposit which resists metal-to-metal wear and mild abrasion The deposit results in an even harder material …
TiC cermet rod are mainly applied to the alloy ball, casting of hammer head, alloy plate and large crusher hammers, large ball mill wearing parts, improve double service life of equipment than without tic rod.
15CrMn material mill also can be called as alloy structural steel. Alloy steel means this kind of grade contains some special alloy composition. Alloy steel plate application is very wide, as : Machine, pressure vessel, construction and so on .
Looking for a Portugal last minute hotel? TripAdvisor has real time availability at the lowest prices for last minute hotel deals in Portugal.
If you are looking for a last minute holiday, look no further than GoHop.ie with a great selection of top sun holidays on offer at the last minute.
Holiday makers looking for a last minute summer trip can now book a three-night stay for £99. Parkdean Resorts has launched a deal via discount site Wowcher.
Cheap Holidays to Last Minute Holiday Deals. Spontaneity makes for the best adventures. Whenever you get the itch, wherever you want to go, treat yourself to that perfect last minute holiday with Cassidy Travel.
Cheap Vacations To Key West Fl But on Sunday, all eyes were on Fred, who celebrated his 19th birthday in the South. Lisa Maria Garza/Orlando Sentinel Fred, a 19-year-old Sulcata tortoise, crawls through an aisle at Petland Orlando South during his birthday party. Fred, a. 2018 All Inclusive Vacations For Two Under 2000 How can we be more inclusive. two or
Thomson is now TUI! Feeling spontaneous? Grab a last-minute holiday with us. We’ve got some fantastic late deals leaving within the next four weeks. Hurry!
Looking for cheap last minute holidays? Be spontaneous and compare tons of late holiday deals at icelolly.com.
Last minute villa holidays at amazing prices – many late villa deals 50% off – Late deals to Portugal, Cyprus, Menorca, Lanzarote and more.
Compare millions of cheap holidays and discount holidays from some of the Ireland’s leading brands. Find cheap holiday deals at Holidaydiscountcentre.ie
Algarve Property Management and Holiday Rentals : Algarve Property Management Company with our professional team plus many years of experience in both property management services and villa holiday rentals Algarve
From Stylish to Sporty, Dad Can Appreciate a New Timepiece from Casio DOVER, N.J., June 15, 2018 /PRNewswire/ — Father’s Day may have snuck up on you this year, but a last-minute gift can still be thoughtful and appreciated.
(WEAU) – With Christmas just a few days away, People are scrambling to get last minute gifts. There were crowded stores and full parking lots in Eau Claire Friday as customers spent the day searching for the perfect gifts to complete.
easyJet holidays have picked some amazing last minute holiday offers for you to choose from. Discover late holiday deals & book last minute beach holidays now.
Find last minute holidays 2018 and cheap late deals with Broadway Travel. to quiet coastal towns of the Algarve – you'll find a last-minute trip to tempt you.
While that’s a considerable amount of time for shoppers to find gifts for everyone on their shopping list, many people will still find themselves putting holiday shopping off until the last minute. In certain ways, last-minute holiday shopping is.
Official site of Holiday Inn Algarve – Armacao de Pera. Read guest reviews and book your stay with our Best Price Guarantee. Kids stay and eat free at Holiday Inn.
Amazon improved its shipping options with the goal of making it easy to get last-minute holiday gifts on time.
Don’t let summer pass you by. Make the most of the sun with a trip to one of these destinations. Malta On June 26, Rudimental, Jessie J and Rita Ora will perform as part of MTV’s annual, free outdoor concert in Malta. An estimated.
Use dealchecker's search tool to find thousands of Algarve holiday deals and save money on your. Beach holiday, Winter sun, Cheap last-minute deals.
Take in some of Scotland’s best scenery on Fred Olsen’s five-night Scottish Lochs, Highlands & Islands cruise. The Black Watch sails from Liverpool on July 20,
Villa Special Offers. Villa Retreats offer luxury holiday homes and villas for rent including private villas with pools and luxury apartments for the independent.
Yet, sometimes too much planning leaves little room for spontaneity – which can be the best part of a holiday. In the summer months, last-minute holidays are wonderful for getting out of London for a weekend and soaking up some.
Travel Service Flights Travel through Charlotte-Douglas International Airport has been particularly affected, where nearly half of PSA’s Friday flights were canceled. scheduling and. Croatia Travel Agency is the foremost travel agency in organizing trips to Croatia. Croatia Travel offers discount airline tickets and tours to Croatia. Book military flights, military discount flights, military airline tickets at Military Travel
Discover our last minute holiday deals for 2018 / 2019 ☀. Make your holiday truly special and book with Thomas Cook today.
Last minute holidays 2018. Find the best last minute holidays and late holiday deals to your favourite destinations, including favourites Tenerife, the Algarve and Lanzarote.
We as a family, have been renting of our holiday villas in the Algarve for the past 30. If you are looking for a last minute villa in the Algarve, please see our.
Find last minute holidays from Dublin with Sunway. Special Offer holidays from Dublin. 2018 late holiday deals from Dublin with Sunway. Get your holiday off to a flying start at your local airport.
We understand you’re strapped because you spent all your money on National Donut Day, but Father’s Day is a legitimate holiday that you need to respect. This man.
Why, of course you do! Here are five ways to find cheap last-minute holiday flights without breaking the bank: Prior to booking, use an online search engine such as Kayak, Expedia, Priceline, Orbitz or Travelocity to get an idea of how.
Cheap summer holidays, winter sun deals and cancellation holidays to Worldwide holiday destinations. Last minute holidays and cheap package holidays at Cancellations Hotline…
"Affinity Villas are the most fantastic company we have ever travelled with. great value for money, amazing customer service from the minute we started booking our holiday.
Memmo Baleeira, perched on a clifftop close to the town of Sagres, is not your typical Algarve hotel. It was built in 1962 and recently given a makeover that transformed it into a haven of minimalist design, full of Philippe Starck lamps and.
Last minute holidays. lastminute.com offers amazing value on package holidays and all-inclusive deals across a huge selection of fantastic destinations.
forgetting a certain little holiday can happen to anyone. Father’s Day snuck up on us all. Now before you rush off to buy one of the last remaining Hallmark cards and.
Find last minute holidays from Dublin with Sunway. Special. 2018 late holiday deals from Dublin with Sunway. from Dublin to Algarve Holidays with Sunway.
Find cheap holidays to the Canaries. Canaries Cancellations offers late deals & cheap package holidays to the Canary Islands. Last minute bargains to Tenerife, Lanzarote, Fuerteventura & Gran Canaria.
An Algarve golf trip is home to some amazing championship golf courses and resorts such as San Lorenzo and Pestana Golf Resort. Click here to find out more!
Camp Chair Footrest We’ve combed through the sea of available options to create our own list of the very best camping chairs. solidly in the chair category as it’s only the back of the chair that actually reclines. There is no movable footrest, which means you. We’ve combed through the sea of available options to create our own
A luxury holiday villa to rent in Algarve, with a capacity up to 14 persons, located in Silves with outdoor swimming pool, heated indoor swimming pool, heated jacuzzi, BBQ, gym, lakes with water falls, pool table, games room, and much more.
Jan 19, 2018. With accommodation, flights and car hire included, this seven-night family holiday to the Algarve makes for a particularly easy last-minute.
Book holidays to the Algarve for 2018/2019 with Coop Travel. Find cheap holidays in Algarve. Range includes all-inclusive Algarve holidays, villas and more.
The game is a rematch of Colombia’s 4-1 victory over Japan in the final game of group play in the last World Cup, and both rosters contain. of the victory over France was declared a national holiday — and Aliou Cisse, captain of that.
Treat yourself with easyJet Holidays luxury holidays. Choose from a selection of last minute 5 star holiday packages & luxury all inclusive holidays to unwind.
Jul 23, 2017. I persuaded her to book a last-minute package holiday to come out and meet. SUNWAY Algarve, Portugal – seven nights 2-star self-catering.
Enjoy HUGE Savings on Last Minute Holidays. Book with a Super Low Deposit of just £49pp. Choose from Hundreds of Exclusive Discounts Online on Amazing Holidays. All Holidays are ATOL/TTA Protected & come with Monthly Payment Options.
Compare, book and save with great deals to Portugal on ClubTravel.ie. Low cost last minute offers now available with Ireland´s trusted travel agent.
The Headland Hotel, perched on a cliff top overlooking Fistral Bay in Cornwall, is gorgeous in summer. It is home to an award-winning restaurant and a spa with a Cornish salt steam room, Swedish sauna and hot tub. Pride of Britain Hotels.
Book your holiday package with Abbey Travel, the travel experts arranging holidays for over 37. Select one of our Algarve holidays below. LATE DEALS.
Spontaneity makes for the best adventures. Whenever you get the itch, wherever you want to go, treat yourself to a last minute sun holiday with Cassidy Travel.
Save money with great value late and last minute holiday deals from British Airways. Book flight + hotel together and save on our late deals. ATOL protected.
As anyone might expect, strategies that guarantee quick outcomes are enticing. Sadly, a considerable lot of these are excessively prohibitive and just insufficient in the long haul (1). 5000	9246	14144	18507
Fluid weight reduction diets have been around for quite a few years. They include supplanting all or a segment of your dinners with a fluid feast or shake. 5003	9249	14147	18510
The Cambridge Diet: The strictest alternative of this eating regimen gives 440–550 calories as dinner trades for up to 12 weeks. The first arrangement was condemned for giving as few as 330 calories every day without being therapeutically administered (2).
Protein-Sparing Modified Fast (PSMF): Under therapeutic supervision, stout patients devour less than 800 calories day by day for six months. The present PSMFs are viewed as protected, though prior variants were connected to passings (3). 5005	9251	14149	18512
Self assured person and Medifast: Several choices are accessible. Arrangements giving less than 800 calories for every day regularly most recent 26 weeks and require restorative supervision. 5007	9253	14151	18514
While individuals can and do get more fit rapidly on low-calorie fluid eating methodologies, weight recover is greatly normal (4).
This bodes well, since drinking fluid dinners doesn’t cultivate good dieting propensities, which are essential for fruitful weight upkeep.
What’s more, inquire about proposes that following a fluid based weight reduction plan may prompt cluttered eating, for example, voraciously consuming food or sustenance confinement. 5009	9255	14153	18516
In one 28-week examine, hefty ladies were appointed to one of a few weight reduction procedures. Before the finish of the investigation, altogether more voraciously consuming food happened in the fluid feast substitution gathering (5). 5011	9257	14155	18518
While fluid eating methodologies may prompt speedy, here and now weight reduction, they appear to accomplish more damage than great over the long haul.
Outline: Very low-calorie fluid eating regimens can deliver here and now weight reduction. Be that as it may, they ought to be regulated by a medicinal specialist. Weight recover is exceptionally normal, and confused eating examples may create. 5013	9259	14157	18520
They contain removes from beans that meddle with alpha-amylase, a compound that separates complex carbs into littler sugar units that your body can assimilate (6). 5015	9261	14159	18522
Complex carbs incorporate grains, potatoes and sweet potatoes. In the event that complex carbs aren’t separated into sugar, their calories can’t be consumed by your body.
In any case, carb blockers can’t totally keep the assimilation and retention of complex carbs. They just back off the activity of alpha-amylase.
In one examination, a starch blocker was found to repress over 96% of amylase, yet it just kept 7% of carbs from being retained (7).
This recommends in the event that you brought a carb blocker with a serving of spaghetti containing 60 grams of starch, you’d just wind up engrossing around 4 less grams of carbs and around 16 less calories. 5017	9263	14161	18524
However, a few investigations have discovered that carb blockers may cause direct weight reduction, particularly when your carb admission is high. In one investigation, carb blockers caused the best weight reduction in individuals who ate the most carbs (8, 9, 10, 11).
Then again, a 2011 audit of concentrates presumed that bigger, great examinations on carb blockers are expected to decide if they are successful for weight reduction (12).
What’s more, carb-blocking supplements may cause stomach related problems in a few people, for example, gas, looseness of the bowels and bloating.
Outline: Carb blockers or starch blockers restrain the compound in charge of starch assimilation. Notwithstanding, they can’t square complex carb ingestion by and large, and their impact on weight seems insignificant.
Different washes down and detox diets have turned out to be extremely prevalent recently. 5021	9267	14165	18528
Notwithstanding encouraging quick weight reduction, they normally claim to cleanse your assortment of “poisons” that development after some time.
Here is a rundown of a few techniques for detoxing or purging, which can last somewhere in the range of 1–21 days:
Since they are so low in calories, these eating methodologies can create brisk weight reduction. For example, some detox arranges assert you can lose up to 21 pounds in 21 days.
Be that as it may, most of the weight lost on these washes down is likely water, particularly amid the initial couple of days when weight reduction is generally quick. 5023	9269	14167	18530
Except for one little investigation in overweight Korean ladies, no examinations have investigated these cases or individuals’ capacity to keep up the weight they lose amid a scrub or detox (13, 14).
In the Korean examination, ladies drank a lemon-syrup blend containing less than 500 calories for seven days. Despite the fact that they shed pounds and enhanced some heart wellbeing markers, they additionally lost a normal of 0.6 pounds (0.3 kg) of muscle (14). 5025	9271	14169	18532
This muscle misfortune isn’t astonishing, given that washes down as a rule give less than 20 grams of protein for each day. To ensure muscle wellbeing, grown-ups require no less than 0.45 grams of protein for each pound (1 gram for every kilogram), or at least 50 grams day by day (15).
Additionally, your protein needs increment amid weight reduction. Higher protein consumption has been appeared to help avert muscle misfortune in individuals who are effectively getting in shape. Additionally, the more muscle you have, the more calories you consume very still (16, 17, 18). 5027	9273	14171	18534
Also, creature investigate recommends that low-protein diets increment the generation of NPY, a hormone that drives appetite and gut fat stockpiling (19, 20).
At long last, similar to freeing your group of poisons, your liver and different organs as of now play out this capacity consistently. “Detoxing” your body is totally pointless.
Outline: Juicing, detoxes or rinses may deliver fast weight reduction, however a huge segment of this weight reduction is water. They additionally contain next to no protein, which can prompt muscle misfortune and a slower digestion.
It occurred in a classroom, on the work areas of the town school. It was dim, so the specialist worked on the ladies by torchlight. The methodology just took two minutes; numerous ladies did not realize that they had been for all time disinfected. https://aw.my.com/en/forum/member.php?535212-u_20560277
That Saturday night, in January 2012, 53 ladies from the town of Kaparfora in the northern Indian province of Bihar had tubectomies over a time of two hours, under the supervision of a nearby NGO. The school work areas where the operations occurred were never cleaned; the specialist never showed signs of change his gloves, and the prescriptions were past their utilization by dates, disregarding various government rules. After the operations, the specialist left the school, overlooking the howls of the draining ladies in the classroom. AS1	AS144	AS67	AS210	AS55	AS198	AS121	AS264
Devika Biswas, a wellbeing dissident from the area, who went to Kaparfora a month after the occasion on a reality discovering mission, says she was https://provacyl221.wordpress.com
“astounded” at the conditions she saw. “I was feeling so terrible. I thought, is this my nation? Not a solitary lady was screened to check whether there would be any complexities. One of the ladies who was disinfected was really three months pregnant, and she wound up prematurely delivering her child. That is to say, they were simply butchering ladies.” https://www.pinterest.com/AvaBrian1/
Biswas reviews the expressions of one lady she met in the town. “She looked pitiful so I requesting that her talk her psyche. She said to me, ‘The administration puts no an incentive on our lives, so they can do anything to us.'”
Biswas recorded an appeal to the incomparable court in light of her discoveries. Following a four-year fight in court with the administration, this September the court requested the legislature to close down disinfection camps crosswise over India inside three years. In spite of the fact that ladies can in any case go to wellbeing facilities and demand to have tubectomies, disinfection camps run either by state government authorities, or outsourced to neighborhood NGOs, in which specialists go out to towns and urge ladies to have their tubes tied, will be unlawful.
The incomparable court’s decision is a notable triumph for ladies’ rights activists who have battled against disinfection camps for quite a long time. The decision could imply that, out of the blue, India moves far from family arranging approaches that emphasis on ladies instead of men and give a more extensive scope of contraception, especially in rustic facilities. http://provacyl07.nation2.com/the-general-consensus-upon-provacyl-side-effects
The judge advised state governments to expand pay installments to casualties of messed up surgeries. “It is time that ladies and men are approached with deference and pride and not as minor measurements in the sanitization program,” composed Justice Madan Lokur in the judgment.
The mother of 30-year-old Phoolbai, who passed on after she experienced surgery at an administration mass disinfection camp https://visual.ly/users/moonkakaija12/portfolio
The mother of 30-year-old Phoolbai, who kicked the bucket after she experienced surgery at an administration mass cleansing camp. Photo: Alamy Stock Photo
India’s dubious sanitization drives, subsidized by the World Bank, USAID, and other worldwide associations have been at the center of the nation’s endeavors to limit populace development since the 1980s. Not at all like China, where, until a year ago, a strict one-tyke arrangement has impeded populace development, India’s administration offers money motivators to ladies and men who pick lasting cleansing trying to cut down the national fruitfulness rate.
Amounts for cleansing and money motivating forces to specialists and town wellbeing laborers who convey ladies to camps have prompted mass operations – at times even on exceptionally young ladies in their mid twenties – expanding the dangers of contamination and poor care. The disinfection camps turned into a national shame when 15 ladies kicked the bucket after messed up tubectomies in the northern province of Chhattisgarh.
The emphasis on perpetual cleansing originates from a since quite a while ago established conviction that overpopulation is at the core of India’s significant issues of appetite, neediness, poor instruction and poor social insurance. India has the world’s second greatest populace after China, 1.25 billion individuals, generally proportionate to the populaces of Europe and North America joined.
While family arranging facilities around the nation offer free oral contraceptives, IUDs and condoms, these strategies are disliked and connected with wantonness. Vasectomies, less expensive and simpler disinfection systems for men, are accessible as well, however the shame of being unmanly, and the memory of previous leader Indira Gandhi’s richness control drives in the 1980s, in which a great many men were persuasively cleaned, have stuck.
India cleans a larger number of ladies than some other nation on the planet. “The administration’s technique has dependably been female-centered,” clarifies Sarita Barpanda, from the Human Rights Law Network.
“Every one of the projects are focused at them. Numerous ladies are constrained into having disinfections. The way that the administration has given such an extensive amount the duty regarding cleansings to private associations proposes how significant a lady’s life is.”
Barpanda has promote stories of outrages amid the disinfection drives around the nation. “In Orissa, they utilized bike draws in the operations in light of the fact that the specialists did not have state-of-the-art therapeutic hardware,” she says. “In Himachal Pradesh, one specialist did five surgeries and afterward go out alcoholic part of the way through the 6th. In Malda, in West Bengal, they had no beds for the ladies, so they needed to lie out on the ground, in the harsh elements after the operations,” says Barpanda. “Practically every state was detailing infringement of the administration’s disinfection rules.”
In 2007, the preeminent court decided that the national government was in charge of keeping up benchmarks in sanitization strategies. It additionally requested that state governments acquaint quality control commissions with guarantee elevated expectations in family arranging facilities and camps, however these bodies have not been set up.
In an announcement to the Guardian, a representative from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said the messed up cleansings were “an erratic” and were the special case as opposed to the run the show.
The service said it had made many endeavors to enhance benchmarks at state-run sanitization camps. “The legislature of India has detailed a few manuals and customary updates for the direction of the state governments and union domains to address all parts of leading cleansing techniques. The legislature of India has additionally issued advisories to every one of the states and union regions to cling to the standard working strategies at all levels to avert and pre-empt occurrences that may unfavorably influence the strength of customers because of sanitization methodology. These have been widely dispersed crosswise over states.” AS11	AS154	AS77	AS220	AS65	AS208	AS131	AS274
Ladies who experienced sanitization surgery line to get nourishment inside a healing facility in the eastern Indian territory of Chhattisgarh, in November 2014. Photo: Anindito Mukherjee/Reuters
The representative said that the incomparable court’s choice to eliminate sanitization camps was “in arrangement with the administration of India’s own undertaking toward that path over a time of three years”.
Contraceptives were being offered gratis to any couples needing them, included the representative, and the legislature is expanding access to family arranging.
Be that as it may, Biswas says she questions the preeminent court’s request will have much effect. “The administration is capable – they are never-ending violators of the privileges of ladies in this nation, yet I simply don’t figure anything will change.”
Barpanda is more hopeful. “They’ve effectively halted the camps in Orissa,” she says. “This was a huge thing for the preeminent court to pass. Be that as it may, I don’t know whether I would call it a triumph since such a significant number of individuals have lost their lives.”
Ruler Charles and Waitrose have been condemned by wellbeing campaigners for the abnormal state of sugar in Waitrose Duchy Organic frozen yogurt.
It was singled out by scientists for instance of the contrasting levels of sugar in the very same sorts of sustenances which offer to youngsters.
Activity on Sugar is encouraging organizations to help Public Health England’s deliberate reformulation program to help handle the youth corpulence pandemic, which it claims is the greatest general wellbeing emergency confronting the UK.
The study of nourishments usually devoured by kids including breakfast grains, yoghurts, bread rolls, cakes, candy store, baked goods, desserts and chocolate spreads demonstrates that items containing less sugar are in abundant supply. AS20	AS163	AS86	AS229	AS40	AS183	AS106	AS249
For instance, Duchy Organic vanilla dessert, with 14.5g of sugar for every 100g, was found to have 84% more sugar than Asda’s “savvy value” vanilla frozen yogurt, with 7.9g sugar.
Duchy Organic is an organization amongst Waitrose and Duchy Originals, established by the Prince of Wales. Waitrose is the proprietor of the brand permit and is in charge of item plan under that authorizing understanding.
Information was gathered by going by Aldi, Asda, Co-agent, Lidl, Marks and Spencer, Morrisons, Tesco, Sainsbury’s and Waitrose utilizing the FoodSwitch application to gather information on wholesome data. The overview was done amid August and items were checked again amid September.
Hat Fry, representative for the National Obesity Forum and a specialist counseling colleague of Action on Sugar, stated: “George Osborne’s sugar demand declaration in March must be viewed as his swansong as chancellor. AS30	AS173	AS96	AS239	AS50	AS193	AS116	AS259
Previous Previous post: Number of NHS emotional well-being medical caretakers has fallen by 15% under Tories
Christian started his first business at the age of 16. He was an early innovator in the online sector, and founded numerous Internet companies during the 1990s. Among them was what would become the largest online book retailer in Europe: Telebook.com. In April 1998, Amazon acquired Telebook and all of its subsidiaries for its European operations.
Another successful Internet venture was WWW–service.com, which became the leading web hosting providein Germany and Spain. In October of 1998, the company was sold to Verio (Nasdaq: VRIO), which in turn was acquired by NTT (Nippon Telecom) in a multi-billion dollar deal in 1999.
Frustration about bad service in the vacation villa market led Christian to launch Villazzo in 2003. Villazzo’s model, unique in the world, brings luxury hotel management to unique private homes. The company has offices in Miami Beach, Saint-Tropez, Aspen, and Saint Barth.
In 2015, Christian and Desdemona Capital leveraged their real estate and hospitality expertise in the super-luxury segment to launch the Villazzo Global Luxury Villa Fund, benefitting from the extraordinary appreciation of unique private residences in select locations.
I went to Bandung on Sunday. I was going to meet up with Novi & Steve there. They spent the weekend there. Before I met them, I went to ITB to see Artepolis. At the Architecture Gallery, I found this huge map of Bandung city and there were lots of ‘post its’ stuck on it. I remember, once I had put one those ‘post it’ few months before, and I was courious whether the ‘Tranquil Picture’ was still there. So I checked and there it was! *yay*
The Evening Telegram began publication in St. John's on 3 April 1879 and remains in print today under the title The Telegram. It was published daily except Sunday through to 1958, the frequency changing thereafter. -- The total collection has been...
The Encyclopedia of Newfoundland and Labrador, in five volumes, was completed between 1981-1994. It covers all aspects of the province's history and culture, with illustrations and maps.
Registration of persons of Chinese race admitted into the colony of Newfoundland under the provisions of the Chinese Immigration Act 6 EDW. V11 CAP.2 June 4, 1910 to March 26, 1949
The Western Star began publication on Newfoundland's west coast on 4 April 1900, appearing weekly with brief semiweekly periods up to 1952, when it became a daily. The current collection contains 21 April 1900 - 31 March 1926.
The Western Star began publication on Newfoundland's west coast on 4 April 1900, appearing weekly with brief semiweekly periods up to 1952, when it became a daily. The current collection contains 21 April 1900 - 31 December 1952.
Education--Curricula; Examinations; Outlines; Textbooks; Education, Secondary--Newfoundland and Labrador; Education, Elementary--Newfoundland and Labrador
Contains the syllabus for all grades, in sections for kindergarten, primary, elementary, intermediate, senior high, French immersion and English Second Language.
This publication includes the text of 28 acts passed by the General Assembly of Newfoundland in 1897 and fishery rules and regulations. An index is provided after the title page.
The St. John's Daily Star was published daily except Sunday between 17 April 1915 - 23 July 1921. -- Not published: 30 May - 09 June 1918, 11-12 July 1919. In process: January-March 1918, September-December 1919, July 1921.
The Pinot noir was allowed to sit as whole bunches for 7 days prior to gentle foot stomping, with increasing stomping vigour over six days.
3 acre Single Vineyard planted in 1993 on an elevated north east ridge in Red Hill South. Deep red basalt volcanic soils. A cold site.Cropped at just over 1.2 tonnes per acre, the Hillcrest Road vineyard gives us perfectly formed Pinot noir fruit. The tight, small bunch structure, ripe fruit flavours and mature skin composition, in good years are ideal for traditional whole bunch winemaking. Grapes were harvested at around 12.5° Baume with perfect natural acidity, fermented in one lot 100% whole bunches (no de-stemming). The Pinot noir was allowed to sit as whole bunches for 7 days prior to gentle foot stomping, with increasing stomping vigour over six days. After pressing the wine was transferred to small French barriques for mlf. The barrels were left untouched on full lees without racking for twelve months before bottling.
Circe is a relatively new project (the first vintage was 2010) by former Mount Langi Ghiran and current Domaine Chandon winemaker Dan Buckle and his partner Aaron Drummond. They currently produce solely Pinot Noir sourced from selected vineyards in Mornington Peninsula. The Hillcrest Road vineyard used for their flagship wine is in the Red Hill ?subregion,” between Paringa Estate and Tuck?s Ridge, and was planted in 1983. The Pinots are produced at Yering Station?s winery in the neighboring Yarra Valley for the time being. 100% whole-bunch is employed on the Hillcrest Road Pinot, though you would know it from the very subtle aromatic profile it instills in the wine. Dan Buckle clearly has a real talent for spotting great vineyards and forging beautifully understated wines. Anyone wanting to sample new-school Aussie Pinots of the highest caliber and indeed understand the potential for great Pinot Noir from Mornington Peninsula should seek out the Circe Hillcrest Road Vineyard Pinot Noir.
During my visit with Dan and Aaron in December 2014 I tasted through every vintage of the Hillcrest Vineyard produced thus far, including a very promising 2014 barrel sample, which I’ll officially review next year once it’s in bottle.Drink 2015 – 2022. 93+ Points
I asked winemaker Dan Buckle about this wine. He responded with: ?The 2014 Hillcrest Rd Vineyard PN comes from the vineyard we have been farming since 2009 in Red Hill roughly halfway between
Tuck?s Ridge and Paringa as the crow flies. It?s a 1.5 acre block with MV6 planted in 1993. The 2014 yield was approx 0.8 tonnes per acre. We manage the Pinot to one bunch per shoot. It?s 100% whole bunch and foot stomped. Around 20 days total maceration. Roughly 20% new oak all Francois Freres barriques. No racking, fining or filtration.?
It?s made for a stunning wine. Explosively savoury; fundamentally tannic; smoky; more about roots than effects. It?s light but long, just-ripe enough but entirely compelling. Its best days are well ahead of it; it was made to mature. It?s the antithesis of the slam-bam style. 95+ Points
From a vineyard planted in 1993 in the Red Hill area of Mornington Peninsula, and a kind of home base for Circe wines. It uses 100% whole bunches in the ferment.
Primal, expressive, untamed – it’s an exhilarating wine for drinking with pause and urgency. Structure is absent in many ways, pepper, spice, dried green herbs, sous bois and earthiness lead a flavour and aroma profile that hums with brooding intent. That being said, fruit, in purest sense, is fleeting with wild forest berry and briary the characters most akin. The wine jags then trims through the palate, shows a mesh of sleek ropes of tannin ending in pucker, is stern and inward. Vin de garde needing time and concentration. Reminds me of Main Ridge in some senses, but there’s uniqueness in personality at play. Worthy intrigue. 93+ Points. Mike Bennie – Winefront
Pale ruby with a hint of purple, the 2012 Hillcrest Road Pinot Noir flaunts a lovely nose of fragrant lavender, red currants and pomegranate with highlights of wild thyme, violets and fertile earth. Light-bodied and very elegant in the mouth, it has a great frame of medium level chewy tannins and balanced acid. It finishes long and earthy. Drink it now to 2018+.
Light, bright, crimson-purple; the fragrant, flowery, red berry bouquet gives little idea of the almost explosive intensity and length of the palate, and of the mouth watering finish rarely encountered with Pinot Noir. This wine will be magnificent in 5 years time. Drink 2022.
May well be the most accomplished expression of the Hillcrest Vineyard (pictured on the right) that I’ve tasted… although I couldn’t find it in myself to crack a 2012 to taste alongside it. Verticals will come later. More palate weight here and plenty of forest-like, trodden root tones matched to the cherried, berried flavour with a light plum bass line underpinning the wine. Terrific depth of fruit and beguiling fragrance. Whole bunch savouriness seems higher in the mix and the interplay between sweet fruit and savoury herbs comes across as more pronounced – although on the second day they’ve sunk into a rather harmonious whole. Spicy with mild charcuterie characters. A gentle complexing bitterness on the back-palate. Greater emphasis on tannin when it comes to carrying the structural load although the acidity is still bright and the wine fluid. 95 points Jeremy Pringle
Chocolate Lavender Almonds are for those who like something more exotic to pair with chocolate. 80% organic dark chocolate, raw cane sugar and lavender. Available in 2.5 and 5 oz bags.
Q's Mexican Chocolate Cashews are 80% organic dark chocolate with cinnamon and vanilla for a rich, chocolate flavor. Available in 2.5 and 5 oz bags.
Q's Mexican Chocolate Almonds are 80% organic dark chocolate with cinnamon and vanilla for a rich, chocolate flavor. Available in 2.5 and 5 oz bags.
The hottest sweet roast we make. They start off sweet and bite you back with the bold spices of cayenne, habanero and a touch of garlic. Available in almonds, cashews and pecans HOT HOT HOT available in 2.5 oz and 5 oz bags.
Chocolate Lavender Cashews are for those who like something more exotic to pair with chocolate. 80% organic dark chocolate, raw cane sugar and lavender. Available in 2.5 and 5oz bags.
Copyright © 2018 Q's Nuts. All rights reserved. All prices are entered excluding tax. Excluding shipping
We take issue with Premier Helen Zille's views on HIV transmission, criminalisation and who deserves treatment. This is an expanded version of an article that was published in The Cape Argus on 15 November 2011.
The aim of Quackdown is to inform consumers and patients about untested and implausible health-care claims.
Remy Sharp picks that old chestnut – tabs – and roasts it afresh on the open fire of JavaScript to see how a fully navigable, accessible and clickable set of tabs can work. Everybody knows some scripting and some CSS can help to make your website bright. Although it’s been said many times, many ways, please be careful to do it right. Tabs in browsers (not browser tabs ) are one of the oldest custom UI elements in a browser that I can think of. They’ve been done to death. But, sadly, most of the time I come across them, the tabs have been badly, or rather partially, implemented. So this post is my definition of how a tabbing system should work, and one approach of implementing that. But… tabs are easy, right? I’ve been writing code for tabbing systems in JavaScript for coming up on a decade, and at one point I was pretty proud of how small I could make the JavaScript for the tabbing system: var tabs = $(‘.tab’).click(function () { tabs.hide().filter(this.hash).show(); }).map(function () { return $(this.hash)[0]; }); $(‘.tab:first’).click(); Simple, right? Nearly fits in a tweet (ignoring the whole jQuery library…)
Tagged: also-ran, article, code, css, markup, panel, panels, related, school, selected, sharp, tabbing, tabs, time
Guy Podjarny sounds a sober warning during our festivities, and gathers some winter fuel to help secure your apps and users from the web’s occasionally cruel frost. So mark his footsteps good, my friend, and tread thou in them boldly. Thou shalt find the hacker’s rage freeze thy site less coldly. When I started working in web security fifteen years ago, web development looked very different. The few non-static web applications were built using a waterfall process and shipped quarterly at best, making it possible to add security audits before every release; applications were deployed exclusively on in-house servers, allowing Info Sec to inspect their configuration and setup; and the few third-party components used came from a small set of well-known and trusted providers. And yet, even with these favourable conditions, security teams were quickly overwhelmed and called for developers to build security in. If the web security game was hard to win before, it’s doomed to fail now . In today’s web development, every other page is an application, accepting inputs and private data from users; software is built continuously, designed to eliminate manual gates, including security gates; infrastructure is code , with servers spawned with little effort and even less security scrutiny; and most of the code in a typical application is third-party code, pulled in through open source repositories with rarely a glance at who provided them
Tagged: application, apps, code, culture, dependencies, https, parties, process, sms, technology, video
Joe Leech offers a rundown on his UX review process, sharing tips about analysing data and creating personas, and setting out findings in a form that benefits clients. From quick wins to workshops, there are gifts here everyone will be grateful for. A UX review is where an expert goes through a website looking for usability and experience problems and makes recommendations on how to fix them. I’ve completed a number of UX reviews over my twelve years working as a user experience consultant and I thought I’d share my approach. I’ll be talking about reviewing websites here; you can adapt the approach for web apps, or mobile or desktop apps. Why conduct a review Typically, a client asks for a review to be undertaken by a trusted and, ideally, detached third party who either works for an agency or is a freelancer. Often they may ask a new member of the UX team to complete one, or even set it as a task for a job interview. This indicates the client is looking for an objective view, seen from the outside as a user would see the website. I always suggest conducting some user research rather than a review. Users know their goals and watching them make (what you might think of as) mistakes on the website is invaluable
Jina Bolton lets the Christmas spirit of generosity and goodwill flow freely into open source projects in need of good design. It’s work free of charge, perhaps, but not for nothing.
Dave Collins reacquaints us with the benefits of SEO , cutting through the snake oil with the clove-scented satsuma zest of genuine techniques to help Google smartly bring your visitors calling. With luck, they won’t will be singing carols.
So what do you think will change in SEO in 2015? Will Google make their algorithms tougher? This is probably a sure bet. Each year Google had been making it tougher for SEO.
Sibylle Weber finds ways to make our workflows more collaborative, and advocates more positively asserting the benefits of responsive design to the people who matter: colleagues and clients.
Tagged: asserting-the-benefits, benefits, finds-ways, more-positively, positively-asserting, responsive-design, the-people, weber, workflows, workflows-more
It goes without saying that you’ll want to put the full force of your coding skills into building an elegant website.
About a month ago I blogged about Infant and Child CPR Classes at TMMC and I’m proud to say that as of today, my Mom, my sister-in-law Mari (JD’s sitters) and myself are all Infant/Child CPR certified. Obviously, I hope we never have to use these skills on JD or any other child; but if we do, I’m confident in saying, we will be ready; with 25 dollars and 3 hours of your time, you can be ready too!
Master Bedroom And Bath Floor Plans - Donkiz Real Estate Beautiful published by admin. Which is part of the homedesign collection. It’s full resolution is 600x552 Pixels.
white l shaped desk canada with frosted glass hayneede uk,white glass kidney bean shaped desk l cheap walmart ,sof ngeles c white l shaped desk with hutch u kidney,white l shaped desk walmart glass kidney bean gaery hollow core with frosted,white l shaped computer desk with hutch uk walmart ,white l shaped desk with shelves pywood kidney bush fairview collection hutch antique,white l shaped desk with hutch australia cheap , white l shaped desk with shelves drawers ikea,white l shaped desk with shelves glass kidney bean monarch specialties hollow core frosted,white l shaped desk with hutch drawers u a.
It's the final stretch of the 2.5 hour endurance round.... who will win?!!! https://efests.asme.org/ #PartyLikeAnEngineer #EFestEast
The endurance round continues as the teams tackle the rumble strip, slalom, hairpin turns and quick turn... https://efests.asme.org/ #PartyLikeAnEngineer #EFestEast
The THIRD episode in a 5-part series showcasing The Human Powered Vehicle Challenge at E-Fest East 2017 at Tennessee Tech' University! https://efests.asme.org/ #PartyLikeAnEngineer #EFestEast
The SECOND episode in a 5-part series showcasing The Human Powered Vehicle Challenge at E-Fest East 2017 at Tennessee Tech' University! https://efests.asme.org/ #PartyLikeAnEngineer #EFestEast
The first episode in a 5-part series showcasing The Human Powered Vehicle Challenge at E-Fest East 2017 at Tennessee Tech' University! https://efests.asme.org/ #PartyLikeAnEngineer #EFestEast
ASME’s Engineering Festivals (E-Fests) are three-day, two-night regional events for engineering students. These events include design competitions, career development workshops, access to thought leaders and innovators in various engineering fields, and networking opportunities—all to inspire the next generation of change-makers.
1219 the talion witch the greaneth series book 1 no short description the talion witch the greaneth series book 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1224 was darwin wrong yes by pittack richard published by waldens computer services 2008 paperback no short description was darwin wrong yes by pittack richard published by waldens computer services 2008 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
1234 njatc code and practices 3 workbook answers no short description njatc code and practices 3 workbook answers because this is pdf file * PDF *
1242 the 21st century deaconess meeting the urban challenge no short description the 21st century deaconess meeting the urban challenge because this is pdf file * PDF *
1244 up down and sideways anthropologists trace the pathways of power studies in public and applied anthropology no short description up down and sideways anthropologists trace the pathways of power studies in public and applied anthropology because this is pdf file * PDF *
1248 designing and creating a cottage garden how to cultivate a garden full of flowers herbs trees fruit vegetables no short description designing and creating a cottage garden how to cultivate a garden full of flowers herbs trees fruit vegetables because this is pdf file * PDF *
1249 Wildwing by Emily Whitman no short description Wildwing by Emily Whitman because this is pdf file * PDF *
1251 crossing bridges 2015 mindful editions english spanish french italian and german edition no short description crossing bridges 2015 mindful editions english spanish french italian and german edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1252 brother facsimile equipment fax2800 mfc4800 service repair manual no short description brother facsimile equipment fax2800 mfc4800 service repair manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1257 motivational interviewing second edition preparing people for change no short description motivational interviewing second edition preparing people for change because this is pdf file * PDF *
1258 manual for singer sewing machine model 13012000 no short description manual for singer sewing machine model 13012000 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1262 formula sheet for geometry no short description formula sheet for geometry because this is pdf file * PDF *
1265 creative haven 3 d abstracts coloring book creative haven coloring books no short description creative haven 3 d abstracts coloring book creative haven coloring books because this is pdf file * PDF *
1266 how to open and operate a financially successful medical billing service no short description how to open and operate a financially successful medical billing service because this is pdf file * PDF *
1271 pdf book managing risk uncertainty strategic approach no short description pdf book managing risk uncertainty strategic approach because this is pdf file * PDF *
1272 retirement iq 2nd today tomorrow no short description retirement iq 2nd today tomorrow because this is pdf file * PDF *
1273 creating cool web sites with html xhtml and css no short description creating cool web sites with html xhtml and css because this is pdf file * PDF *
1277 Touched by a Princess by Deon Potgieter no short description Touched by a Princess by Deon Potgieter because this is pdf file * PDF *
1280 gcse maths aqa b linear practice papers foundation foundation level by cgp books 2011 paperback no short description gcse maths aqa b linear practice papers foundation foundation level by cgp books 2011 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
1285 physician alignment constructing viable roadmaps for the future no short description physician alignment constructing viable roadmaps for the future because this is pdf file * PDF *
1286 supervisor savvy how to retain and develop entry level workers no short description supervisor savvy how to retain and develop entry level workers because this is pdf file * PDF *
1296 environmental organic chemistry no short description environmental organic chemistry because this is pdf file * PDF *
1298 worship sketches 2 perform no short description worship sketches 2 perform because this is pdf file * PDF *
1303 diy t shirt crafts from braided bracelets to floor pillows 50 unexpected ways to recycle your old t shirts no short description diy t shirt crafts from braided bracelets to floor pillows 50 unexpected ways to recycle your old t shirts because this is pdf file * PDF *
1305 common core and 2nd grade storytown no short description common core and 2nd grade storytown because this is pdf file * PDF *
1306 basic printer training manual no short description basic printer training manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1307 soccer technical and tactical training manual no short description soccer technical and tactical training manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1308 fingerless gloves a story about best friends and mistakes no short description fingerless gloves a story about best friends and mistakes because this is pdf file * PDF *
1312 sap r or 3 for everyone step by step instructions practical advice and other tips and tricks for working with no short description sap r or 3 for everyone step by step instructions practical advice and other tips and tricks for working with because this is pdf file * PDF *
1313 introduction to the theory of numbers solution set 4th edition no short description introduction to the theory of numbers solution set 4th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1318 the beginners guide to ios8 with ipad and iphone beginners guides no short description the beginners guide to ios8 with ipad and iphone beginners guides because this is pdf file * PDF *
1320 the endgame the inside story of the struggle for iraq from george w bush to barack obama no short description the endgame the inside story of the struggle for iraq from george w bush to barack obama because this is pdf file * PDF *
1321 agroecology the ecology of sustainable food systems second edition no short description agroecology the ecology of sustainable food systems second edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
Smith’s drive-in theater in Lubbock combines contemporary improvements, nostalgia Most Popular Our Picks Ryan Smith had worked part-time at indoor movie theaters while growing up, but never had attended a drive-in movie theater. But he sure had heard a lot about them from his grandfather, R.A. “Skeet” Noret, a very well-known theater exhibitor who owned and operated both hard-tops (indoor theaters) and open-airs (outdoor drive-ins) in Lubbock and West Texas. By 2002, with Smith in his mid-20s, he could not stop thinking about resurrecting cinematic Americana, taking a contemporary approach to nostalgic family entertainment. Smith’s family knew the theater business, but some members may have been surprised when he took a career detour, realizing that his dream was for his grandfather to mentor him in the drive-in movie business. The first thing Noret did was advise Smith to go see a movie at the Sky Vue Drive-In, opened by Noret in 1948 and owned and operated by Sam Kirkland for almost a quarter century. Kirkland showed him everything, from the projector to preparations for the popular Chihuahua sandwiches sold at the concession stand. Drive-in ownership became a hands-on project for Smith. He recalled, “In January of 2003, we purchased a Lubbock cotton farm.” That is where the Stars and Stripes Drive-In would open, at 5101 Clovis Road in Lubbock, on Aug. 21, 2003. Space was left for later expansion to three screens, which brought overall capacity to 1,200 cars per night. On April 1, 2015, Smith saw an opportunity to keep sharing the drive-in movie experience, and built another three-screen Stars and Stripes Drive-In in New Braunfels. That project dictated that Smith and his family -- he and his wife are parents to four daughters, all younger than 10 -- live in New Braunfels for an extended time. However, he said they never sold their house in Lubbock, and are happy to again call Lubbock home. Somewhat remarkable is the risk recognized, and taken, by Smith. True, more than 4,000 drive-ins attracted American moviegoers in 1958. In the 60 years rhat passed, the number of drive-in cinemas in the United States dipped to approximately 325, with fewer than 20 in Texas. Yet the Stars and Stripes has met with support, and not just locally. Barely one year ago, Good Housekeeping magazine printed “unappreciated attractions” in the United States, specifically listing only one outside-the-box place to visit in each state. Considering all potential attractions throughout Texas, Good Housekeeping printed: “Today’s luxury theaters may grab headlines, but the simple pleasure of watching a movie from your car can be more enjoyable. However, drive-in theaters are hard to come by. “Not so in Texas, thanks to the Stars & Stripes Drive-In in Lubbock and New Braunfels.” Smith had not even seen this article before last week. Castle Rock, Colo. resident Amy Stephens mentioned on Facebook, “The Stars and Stripes was not there when I was growing up (in Lubbock). But going to the drive-in is now a huge part of our summer trip to Lubbock each year. My boys have grown up going to that drive-in with their cousins every summer for the last eight-plus years. “It provides some of our favorite memories, including the time a few years ago that a haboob rolled in during the show...” Carol Severe Koenig, of Lubbock, posted her favorite drive-in memory: “Dressing the kids in jammies, with pillows. Putting lawn chairs in the back of the pick-up.” Drive-in discussions prompted Kathy Hadaway, of Lubbock, to remark, “Gosh, the drive-in is where I fell in love with my high school sweetheart. He took me and my siblings to the drive-in on many occasions. We would have a picnic and play games before the movies started. “Now fast forward: I did not marry him, but I still take my grandkids to the drive-in for a picnic and games before the movie starts.” Smith would learn by experience rules that must be enforced, but said, “I really don’t think I even had any rules in mind when the drive-in opened. I knew I wanted the Stars and Stripes to be a place where people could enjoy a Family Night, and couples could turn to us for a special Date night.” The Stars and Stripes is open nightly. Different double features are on all three screens. Admission prices: $8 for those age 12 and older and $5 for children between ages 4 and 11, with those age 3 and younger admitted free. Members of the military and first responders are $6 with a valid ID. Unlike the early drive-in, Smith wanted his to offer new movies, on the same “day and date” as the city’s multiplexes. He longed to mix a modern drive-in with the aura of older traditions. That meant offering the best in stereo FM radio sound, and purchasing digital projectors for the brightest possible images, just like indoor multiplexes. At the same time, he emphasized a different time period with his ’50s Cafe (concession stand), and an outdoor playground for use before the sun falls. Unlike an increasing number of outdoor theaters, the Stars and Stripes still allows the family dog at no extra charge, provided there is no woofing during features and the pet is either kept inside the car or on a leash next to the car. Nope, dogs cannot frequent the concession stand. Owners also must clean up after their pooch. Frequently asked questions, rules to remember and upcoming features are available at website driveinusa.com/lubbock/. Some rules Smith now enforces include: * Visitors can bring food from home, but no outside food/drink is allowed on the patio or at the ’50s Cafe’s seating. * Visitors can smoke at their vehicles, but not within 50 feet of the ’50s Cafe, patio or playground. “No smoking where others are bothered,” Smith added. * The two rows closest to the screen are reserved for smaller cars. There is a separate area further back for pickup trucks and SUVs that may block others’ sight lines. * Do not run cars during features. * Parking lights and headlights must be kept off. Keep in mind that many newer vehicles find headlights staying on even after the ignition is turned off. Smith explained, “That’s just one of the many parts of our employee training. If someone can’t get those lights off, we can help with that, too.”
Everyone appreciates a rockstar team: Peanut butter and jelly, Tom & Jerry, NSYNC. But when a team of your favorite superheroes bands together, there is nothing like it. There have been over 18 different Marvel movies and all plot lines will intersect in The Avengers: Infinity War.
Before you rush to the theaters, here’s a refresher on what do you need to know going into The Avengers: Infinity War.
Thanos appears at the end of the credits of the first Avengers movie. He tasks Loki, Thor’s brother, to lead an army against Earth’s superheroes. After Loki fails, Thanos appears in Guardians of the Galaxy where he assigns Ronan the Accuser to snag a mysterious Orb. Fortunately, Thanos loses once again. Thanos then decides to take domination into his own hands and comes to our world to collect the infinity stones, which is where The Avengers: Infinity War picks up.
Infinity stones are an important part of the new Avengers movie. Here are a few reminders of where we’ve seen them before. In Guardians of the Galaxy, The Collector explains that the stones date back to creation itself and are composed of cosmic power that can only be handled by people of extraordinary strength. These stones have different purposes. They are:
-Space Stone: Opens portals in space show possible visions of the future, and fuel dangerous weapons.
-Soul Stone: This is the only stone that has not been introduced in the Marvel movies. Noone quite knows the purpose of it or the powers it holds, but we might soon figure it out in the upcoming movie.
5. As for the Soul stone, it’s hard to know where it’s located. There are rumors it is in Wakanda, the high tech African country.
The Avengers follows Thanos in pursuit of each of the stones. In order to protect the entire universe, The Avengers team up to save civilization as they know it.
When it comes to a movie with so many characters, it can be overwhelming to keep up. This refresher provides general knowledge to prepare you for this weekend! Buy your tickets at Stars and Stripes Movie Drive-In Movie Theatre in New Braunfels.
Horror movies are associated with critically acclaimed directors like Alfred Hitchcock and Wes Craven, who changed the game in the cult genre. No one would have guessed that Jim Halpert, aka John Krasinski from The Office, a popular comedy tv series airing from 2005-2013, might be included in the discussion of classic horror films. Krasinski recently released A Quiet Place and it became an immediate box office hit, scoring $50 million in its opening weekend.
According to ComicBook, John Krasinski says that The Office had a lot to do with the film. Krasinski says, "I remember Greg Daniels --- the creator of the [The Office] --- telling me, 'Your job is not to deliver these lines funny. Your job is to deliver these lines and if people think they're funny that's up to them. And if people think that what you say to Pam is emotional that's up to them too.'" From that point forward, Krasinski says that he would have never done A Quiet Place if it weren’t for that advice.
A Quiet Place is centered around a family living in a post-apocalyptic world infested with monsters that hunt based on sound. In order to survive, the family must stay as quiet as possible. Watch the action-packed trailer below.
Originally, A Quiet Place’s original script was written by Scott Beck and Bryan Woods, but Krasinski was given free rein on changing the script. After finishing the script, Krasinski’s wife, actress Emily Blunt suggested he call a mutual friend for one of the main roles because she was finishing up a Mary Poppins sequel. However, after reading the script, Emily told John that he needed to call her and fire her because she wanted the role. Fortunately, Krasinski had never sent the script and Emily was cast.
Amazingly, A Quiet Place stars real-life couple, Emily Blunt and John Krasinski with a focus on family survival. In a recent interview, John Krasinski said that A Quiet Place is about the lengths he would go to protect his children. This fascinating movie has critics raving not only because of the brilliant premise, but the incredible execution and dimension.
A Quiet Place is a fascinating story about a family that is not only trying to survive but fight for their right to bite, taste, and scream. Buy tickets to A Quiet Place at Stars and Stripes Drive-In Movie Theatre. It’s the perfect atmosphere to watch a scary movie. Showtimes available here.
Were you singing the song? Well, if you were there is a movie perfect for you. And if you weren’t, it’s a bio-pic that will be sure to leave you inspired. I Can Only Imagine is a film based on the incredible true story of the chart-topping song, I Can Only Imagine. In the midst of life’s most challenging moments, this song has been a comfort to millions.
I Can Only Imagine is the song you know and the story you don’t. According to a synopsis about the movie, “the song was written in mere minutes by MercyMe lead singer Bart Millard. In reality, those lyrics took a lifetime to craft” (Source).
Millard grew up in a difficult environment that left him hurting and scarred. Most of those years he was left vulnerable and at the whim of his volatile father. To escape, he found comfort in songs that he held onto for years. His love for music did not age as he did – it stuck with him. One day, he was instructed to write about the pain he couldn’t process and kept running from.
As Millard grew older, he saw his father transformed by God. Starring Dennis Quaid, Cloris Leachman, Priscilla Shrier, and Trace Adkins, I Can Only Imagine is a story of redemption and hope that is a perfect story for this time of year: Easter.
Warm weather is coming to Lubbock and what better way to spend time outside than to see I Can Only Imagine with your family, friends, Sunday school, or small group?
Easter is a time of hope. Celebrate with people you love and remember the heart behind this time of the year. Movie times for I Can Only Imagine available here.
A Wrinkle in Time is a highly-anticipated, book turned movie with an incredible cast. It was shot in the luscious forests of New Zealand where the scenery features Sequoias to create the famous, otherworldly story. It’s a story that has captured the hearts of children and adults for decades.
Madeline L’Engle wrote the book in the early 1960’s. She was rejected by dozens of publishers who said the themes were too complicated for kids. A rumored 26 rejections and a year later, the manuscripts landed in the hands of Farrar, Straus, and Giroux (Source). Eventually, the book was published and became an instant classic.
The book fell into the hands of a Los Angeles, fifth-grader, Catherine Hand. Catherine immediately loved the story and planned on sending the book to Walt Disney. The fifth-grader was too shy, but she made a promise to herself that when she grew up and make the novel into the movie. 54 years after she first read the book, she is now the producer of the $100 million-dollar film.
Hand has partnered with DuVernay.“When DuVernay became the first African-American woman to direct a movie with a budget over $100 million, it was her job to help create new worlds. That included hiring a diverse cast and crew” (Source). With a star-studded cast, A Wrinkle in Time is a highly anticipated film that hits movie theaters this weekend.
The first line of A Wrinkle in Time is one of the most famous first lines of literature. It is a marker of the famous novel. We’ll see if it starts the movie as it does its predecessor.
Three of the most iconic characters in the novel add flare and poetry to the famous young adult novel. Watch for Reese Witherspoon, Oprah Winfrey, and Mindy Kaling as they star as the notable, eccentric guardian angels.
The star-studded cast includes Reese Witherspoon, Oprah Winfrey, and Chris Pine. And that’s just to name a few. The stacked cast is sure to blow the minds of movie goers everywhere.
These are just a few things that make A Wrinkle in Time a highly-anticipated movie. After the success of Black Panther, we’re excited to see what A Wrinkle in Time brings.
A Wrinkle in Time hits movie theaters this Friday. Check out A Wrinkle in Time movie times here. During Spring Break, we are open every night! Be sure to swing by during your break to celebrate in the best way possible.
A mischievous bunny will live forever in the hearts of children because of a creative and talented botanist. In 1893, the story of Peter Rabbit first appeared in a series of letters by Beatrix Potter to help her cheer up her late Governess’ son, Noel. He was often plagued with illness and wanted to brighten his day.
In a series of letters, Beatrix Potter wrote of a mischievous bunny and his shenanigans with the owner of a luscious garden. Potter modeled Peter after her real-life pet rabbit from whom Peter shares a name. Less than 10 years after even the idea of Peter Rabbit was even a blip in the screen, the stories were published into a book (source). Peter Rabbit was a part of the 23 tales which followed 23 different animals. The beloved rabbit had a book dedicated to him, but also appeared in 5 subsequent books.
In February 2018, Peter Rabbit hops into theaters as the nostalgic tale comes to life on the big screen. With an all-star cast, including James Corden playing Peter Rabbit, Margot Robbie as Flopsy, and Daisy Ridley as Cotton-Tail, Peter Rabbit is highly anticipated movie.
With contemporary twists, the writer and director explained that they tried to stick heavily to the story. They “didn’t change the story by any means, but the books are quite short, so [they] just kept it going,” (source). According to Will Gluck, the director of Peter Rabbit,
“Beatrix Potter was able to reach so many people with The Tale of Peter Rabbit because it’s a funny, timeless story that captures children’s imaginations…Beatrix understood the importance of talking to children on their own level and created a story, set in the natural world, that all children would recognize with themes that would be universally appealing way”
Peter Rabbit is the perfect movie for a family outing. If you are looking for a fun activity for your kids that will keep them entertained in a unique and nostalgic way, buy tickets to see Peter Rabbit at Stars and Stripes Drive-In Movie Theatre in Lubbock.
It’s been 3 years since the 2015 opening of Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials, and January 25th marks the opening of Maze Runner: Death Cure.
The Maze Runner series is adapted from the popular young adult novels. In the latest adaptation of James Dashner’s best-selling novels, we catch up with the group as they attempt to break into the Last City.
In the first Maze Runner movie, it opens on a teenager, Thomas, waking up in an elevator with no memory of his identity. As the elevator comes to a stop, a group of male teenagers greet him in an area coined “The Glade.” Within the Glade, the boys have created a rudimentary society where each person plays a certain role. Surrounding the Glade are towering stone walls that form into a challenging and dangerous maze. It’s the only way out.
Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials is the second in the series and follows the survivors of the first movie. Solving the maze was supposed to be the end, but the creators of the maze aren’t finished yet. Watch the trailer for the second movie below.
Lastly, Maze Runner: The Death Cure follows the main character, Thomas, who as at the end of his rope. After the dangers of the maze and the scorch trials, everything has been taken from him. Thomas beat the maze and survived the scorch trials, but can he beat the final mission?
Originally set for February 17, 2017, Maze Runner: The Death Cure was pushed back a year due to an on-set car accident that left Dylan O’Brien severely injured. After much anticipation, Maze Runner: The Death Cure is finally hitting theaters January 26, 2018. Buy movie tickets to Maze Runner at Stars and Stripes Drive-In Movie Theatre in Lubbock.
9/11 will be forever marked in our history and hearts as one of the most tragic and influential disasters in the history of the United States. Immediately after the infamous terror attacks, U.S. Special Forces team led by Captain Mitch Nelson navigated the rugged terrain of Afghanistan in order to take down the Taliban and its al-Qaida allies.
This is the story of 12 Strong. It’s based on the non-fiction book, Horse Soldiers by Doug Stanton. The novel tells of 12 soldiers rode to war on horses against the Taliban and joined forces with the Northern Alliance. The 12 were “outnumbered forty to one, they pursued the enemy army across the mountainous Afghanistan terrain” (Source). This was a feat that seemed impossible due to their unconventional strategies of ancient cavalry warfare against the 20th Century abilities by the Taliban.
If you want to watch more about 12 Strong, meet two of the real heroes behind 12 Strong in an interview with Morning Blend. Watch the interview here.
The 12 are referred to as the Horse Soldiers and are memorialized in a statue overlooking ground zero in New York. You can read more about the powerful story here.
12 Strong opens at Stars and Stripes Drive-In Movie Theatre in Lubbock on January 19th. Celebrate and remember this powerful story by buying tickets for 12 Strong today.
Use our search tool to find information about a movie, get showtimes or to find out more about Stars and Stripes?
(DriverUSA.net)- This page contains Samsung CLP-620ND Printers driver available for free download. This driver is updated weekly, so you can always download a new Samsung driver or update Samsung CLP-620ND driver to the latest version here.
Samsung CLP-620ND Printer Driver is the software ( Samsung freeware ) used to connecting between computers with your Samsung CLP-620ND printers.
Step 1: Before setup the printers middleware, your Samsung CLP-620ND printer need to correctly installed and the machine is ready to print .
1.7- Double select on the file to extract all the Samsung CLP-620ND driver files to a folder on your hard drive (D, E or Desktop on C Drive). The files will be decompressed with a name similar with the name of the Samsung printer model that you have downloaded (for example: SamsungLBP2900.exe or Samsung CLP-620ND.exe). However , you can change the path and directory name while unpacking .
(DriverUSA.net)- This page contains Samsung ML-2525 Printers driver available for free download. This driver is updated weekly, so you can always download a new Samsung driver or update Samsung ML-2525 driver to the latest version here.
Samsung ML-2525 Printer Driver is the software ( Samsung freeware ) used to connecting between computers with your Samsung printers.
– After you reinstall Windows OS your printer driver will lost, you must reinstall your Samsung ML-2525 printers driver .
1.7- Double click on the file to extract all the Samsung driver files to a folder on your hard drive (D, E or Desktop on C Drive). The files will be decompressed with a name similar with the name of the Samsung printers model that you have downloaded (for example: SamsungLBP2900.exe or Samsung ML-2525.exe). However , you can change the path and directory name while unpacking .
– Follow the instructions of the Add Printers Wizard to add your Samsung ML-2525 printer to your computer with Samsung ML-2525 drivers
This entry was tagged computer components, DVD drives, external hard drives, flash drives, hard drive accessories, hard drives, internal hard drives, memory cards, SATA hard drives, SSD. Bookmark the permalink.
Where do we start? Malbecs in Mendoza, snow capped Andes, blue waters of Lake Country, whales and penguins in Punto Tombo, booming Buenos Aireas, and rico steaks everywhere...and after three days of hard driving the windswept coast of Patagonia, you'll finally reach the southern end of the Pan-American highway in Ushuaia, Argentina.
Landlocked Bolivia has its own claim to watery fame: the highest lake in the world, Lake Titicaca. It also boasts amazing Inca and pre-Incan culture, some of the most colorful clothes in South America, and who doesn' love the bowler hats?
Not to be outdone by its Eastern neighbor, Chile has elevated the enjoyable pastime of drinking wine and eating juicy steaks to a new level of art. Soaring Andes, glaciers, rocky coasts and surfing, Chile is not to be missed.
Get over Colombia's dark past of drugs and crime, this is the next huge tourist destination. Visit its amazing Colonial towns, coffee country, lush Caribbean coast and modern cities before the crowds arrive.
Are you brave enough to sample some of Ecuador's finest cuy? Get off the beaten track on the Quilotoa Loop, party on the Pacific coast, and try to catch your breath in the dizzying heights of its capital Quito.
Known for its amazing Inca heritage in the Sacred Valley, all of Peru has tons to offer. Head to Northern Peru for world class mountaineering and pre-Inca culture, Colca Canyon for unspoiled nature, and the colonial culture of Arequipa.
We are leaving from Texas on the 25th of July for the 5 month expedition of the Trek of the Americas, with a small groups of RVs, there are a couple of spaces if anyone wants to travel the worlds longest highway...It is the 14th year of the Trekoftheamericas expedition... hope to see you in Cartengena...
For sale, february 2016, 2001 Chevrolet Express, RWD, 5,7L, 153000 miles today, roughly 155000 miles expected at the end of our trip. Electric windows, air conditioning, tinted windows + curtains, equiped with 2 cots and mattress, 12V fridge, low table, 40L water tank, all dishes. Ideal for couple or two friends who want to travel on panamerican road or anywhere in south America.
Very powerful, manage easily all type of road, (pavement, path, sand track, gravel or ground. It hurtles the freeway down during hours tirelessly (with cruise control) !
Very comfortable with its soft and electrical front Seats. Large bed at the rear on double cots plus double mattress.
My family and I are planning a trip to South America next year February 2017, starting off in Buenos Aires in Argentina.
Does anyone know how much we'd have to spend on a decent/Okay second hand vehicle? And if it's easy to buy one in B.A.?
Also can anyone tell me if there is a specific places you could buy a car/van off other travellers who had just finished their trips and take it on the road yourself. I'm wondering if such places exist in B.A. or any other city in Argentina.
Or, does anyone have any suggestions for a better country to buy the vehicle in? Our plans are in the early stages so plenty of room for flexibility right now.
i have a 1998 ford Mondeo station wagon for sale available now. It has less than 100000 kms, automatic, is cheap on gas and has plenty of space to store stuff and even sleep in the back. It will come with some camping gear also such as pots, gas stove, pillows, comforter etc. a great little car to explore the place.
Hi lovely community! We are a Swiss-Colombian and French couple and after 6 months of travels in Asia we decided to go back to our roots in South America. We are looking for a good reliable car to travel from Ushuaia to Punta Gallinas in Colombia by mid April (around the 15th) date we will be arriving in Santiago de Chile. We do not have a super large budget and we were thinking USD 5000 is the max we can pay for a car. Please contact us to chiviandbruno@gmail.com if you are selling your car or if you know somebody who knows somebody!
- we are a young Dutch family of4 persons and it's our first time in SA. All help and suggestions welcome!
Reduced price! 14,000 USD Negotiable 2007 TOYOTA TACOMA FOR SALE! 4x4 double cab with canopy 4.0L V6 gasoline engine 250,000kms (155,000 miles) at the moment, probably around 5000kms more before we will be selling. Tacomas are known for going well over 500,000kms. Would like to sell anywhere south of Santiago, Chile. In either Chile or Argentina. Will be in Bariloche for Christmas and would like to sell around early to mid January but are flexible to sell before that. Set up ready for your trip across the Americas. Really tough vehicle that will get you wherever you want to go. Lots of extras listed below; ARB front bumper with WARN winch. Custom made rear bumper with super bright lights and reversing camera Second battery set up with deep cycle and hidden in case underneath the car. 12v Chargers and USB ports run off second battery inside vehicle and a 12v port in rear canopy for fan, etc. Fuse panel for extra hook ups if needed. ARB 50qt fridge bought brand new ARB 2.5m awning bought brand new ARB 2.5mx2.5m room bought brand new ARB camping chairs bought brand new Thule roof rack Warrior roof rack bought brand new Yakima roof top box Additional camping equipment All cooking utensils, stove, pot, pans, cutlery, fire grill, Dutch oven, fishing rod. (far more than you will need!) Mattress, pillows, two sets of sheets Tools Majority of our tools were all bought brand new and have been barely used. They include an additional battery pack which has a small air compressor and 12volt plugs, 100 piece car kit/ wrench set, drill, handsaw, axe, shovel and a bunch of other things (thankfully we haven't had to use any of it much!) The car has two sleeping options giving us the comfort of a big room within campgrounds and having the stealth of sleeping in the back in cities. The full sized cab has allowed us to pick up friends or other travellers and given us a lot of extra storage space. The drawers in the tray bed and roof top box will allow you ample storage space for everything you need. We have so much more than listed to make sure you have everything you need for your incredible journey! Being from Australia and starting this trip from Canada almost everything we have had been bought brand new and only used for the duration of our trip. We bought quality items from brands we trust and hope you get as much usage out of them as we have We have recently put in an extra load leaf spring and new ironman shocks as well as replaced back brakes (will replace the front ones before selling as well). We bought two new tyres in Bolivia and the others we bought in Mexico and still have plenty of tread to get you through the trip. The tyres we bought are E rated and top quality. We are asking for $14,000 however that is negotiable as the car does have a cracked windscreen, and the lock on the back canopy is playing up. Asking price - $14,000 USD. Negotiable
Unfortunately, our travel is coming to an end and shipping our home back to Denmark is not a possibility. Therefore we have to sell it. Its a VW Kombi from 81 with almost all original parts. We bought it in Mexico in August 2017. We have completely rebuild the whole interior to fit our needs. There is a bed, fully equipped kitchen, fold up table and storage room. Extra battery to charge your everyday stuff and to power the extra light we’ve put in the car. Since its an old car and it has been driving a lot of we have had to change some parts during our trip. We have replaced the break pump, starter, and the cylinder crank. And of course some other smaller inexpensive stuff like the airfilter and sparkplugs. It is registered in my name and we can help you with that process as well.
This is isik from istanbul. It looks like my dream combi :) When and where will you be selling it? If i fits with my iterary I would like to see the pics of the inerior as well.
Do you want to start your trip in Colombia? If you are planning north to south overland trip, this little campervan could be your ticket. If you have a kid or two and are worried about putting in carseats, this campervan is outfitted with 2 sets of carseat hooks and seat belts in the back, perfect for the little family.
- Two rows of seats that convert into large bed (1.90cm), enough for two adults and two small children.
- Mechanically its wonderful (new tires, pistons, shocks, clutch, tubes, carburator, etc) Runs like a champ!
We are selling our good travel companion. We bought the van in Santiago, Chile in January 2018 and have driven down to Patagonia. Good ground clearance, off-road tyres and a powerful engine have...
Jon Lord (keyboards), Ritchie Blackmore (guitar), Ian Paice (drums), Roger Glover (bass), Ian Gillan (vocals).
SPIEGEL.Online made it to one of the head topics: A few people fighting against the madness of the big ones, worrying about the planet against short-term consolidated results: In Borneo are four people fighting against deforestation, which are the lungs of the earth - in Ewart Reder's novel "Reise zum Anfang der Erde" we have a bigger group, ZUSAMMEN ARBEIT, which…	more
Founded in 1982 it was edited by Axel Dielmann, Klaus Hensel, Stefan Klamke, and Rolf Werner Kunz for 10 years – it was the root of the publishing house axel dielmann: Clamped in own newspaper holders, 24 pages formated DIN A 3, the magazine was found regulary in cafes, the last volumes in 1.400 cafes nationwide. With the foundation of the book program it was not possible to manage that any longer. In 1996 there was a short comeback, but the books took their toll, it was not possible to publish 4 to 6 magazine volumes, while also looking after about 15 books per year.
The magazine reached about 180.000 to 250.000 readers per issue at this time with its lyric, short prose works, excerpts from novels, Graphic Novel, excerpts from theatre plays, essays. And in authum of 2015 it is planed to bring them back in 540 cafes nationwide, to reach some 50.000 to 60.000 readers. The City of Frankfurt am Main supports the relaunch most friendly. – With each issue its planed to bring the magazines into 80 additional cafes. At least two public readings in alterning cities should promote authors and texts.
The following editions contained poems and prose by Rolf Werner Kunz (†) and Stefan Klamke as well as Axel Dielmann.
The covers with linoprint and woodcut were designed by Roman Engel (on the left No. 2), Hans Jürgen Diez and Stefan Klamke.
The cover of SCHRiTTE No. 5 by Nikolai Wassiliew brought a blaze of colour: while the texts and insides were still copied black-and-white onto DIN A 3 – pages, the linocut of the cover is colored by hand – every single one of the 200 magazines, which meanwhile have been put up in 150 cafés.
Klaus Hensel joined the editorial department of Axel Dielmann, Rolf Werner Kunz and Stefan Klamke. He brought lots of new contacts with him, among others authors who just fled from Transylvania/Romania to Germany.
Issues 6 (the cover on the left designed by Wolfgang Oppermann) and 7 contained texts by Inga Buhmann, Ricarda Grünberg, Nazim Hikmet (who is extremely current today), Rolf Werner Kunz, Aras Ören (see above) and Axel Dielmann, as well as by Rolf Bossert, Mechthild Curtius, Claudia Diemar, Wolf-Dieter Eigner, Herta Müller (yes, all right! The nobel prize winner to be, with her first publication in Germany in SCHRiTTE), Werner Söllner and Manfred Steinbrenner. – Nice stuff!
The cover of number 8 was printed by Brigitte Kottwitz who used a printing stone to produce 400 original lithographs in the print workshop of Walter Hanusch. Meanwhile as often as that 400 times in German cafés.
Baskets full of reader's letters and text offers came in and even owners of coffee-houses got in touch to get SCHRiTTE in their cafés – crazy days!
Walter Diewock created a woodcut for the cover of number 9, which had to be run off 500 times – how the hell did we manage this?!
Contributed texts came from Paul Celan (two unpublished romanian poems, translated by Werner Söllner), Hanne F. Juritz, Gerhard Ortinau (because of his prose »Der Erotomanbabtist«, I, together with the issues, was thrown out by actually wonderful bookseller Mr. Schumann – oh, that times!), Klaus Hensel, Henri Michauz, Rolf-Werner Kunz und Oskar Pastior, the great. - On the left the imprint created with the whole creative technique a typewriter can do.
The cover of number 10 was created by Stefan Klamke and contained texts by Ingeborg Haberkorn, Mircea Dinescu, Klaus Hensel, Thorsten Casmir (who later published his mighty novel »Ohnsgrond« at axel dielmann – verlag, right before he died at a much too young age) and Waltraud Zehner.
We used to sew the magazine on an old-fashioned industrial sewing-machine, partly with spine tape made of old bed sheets, partly directly through the thick jackets. Today these copies are rarities and heart-rending examples of handicraft in literature!
Again Brigitte Kottwitz designed the cover with an original stoneprint – this time the lithograph of two stones, printed in two-colours, over 500 times. Phew!
Single pages of the edition were covered with stencil-grafitti with mighty figures by Uwe A. Rohe, who used to study at the Städelschule – what happened to Uwe A. Rohe?
After a break SCHRiTTE appeared brand new – no longer printed by hand but mechanical. It put an end to hours of copying, days of arranging of pages, and arduous printing of covers. – Hans Jürgen Diez took care of three covers in series, serial faces, in an ever finer grid.
Ökologik AG was an important and extremely committed sponsor of this edition, Deutsche Post was present with an ad and the (highly literary) slogan »Schreib mal wieder« (»Go on Writing«). 1.500 copies were sent to 1.300 Cafés.
The newspaper sticks made of aluminium were produced in my grandfather's cellar. My grandfather, Willie Theis, eighty years old, used to be locksmith, and really enjoyed constructing the sticks. A quite different meaning of »literature engagée«!
First artists for the cover-designs are already won over. And of course first wonderful texts of all genres have been collected long since – What’s about to come?
Imprint | Data Protection & Legal Notes	· All rights reserved	© Client name goes here	| Attribution, Credits and Copyrights | generated by MATRIX-CMS
Jewish singles are online now in rihanna and justin timberlake dating 2011 large online Jewish dating community. JPeopleMeet. com is … Virginia's Child Labor Laws Does Virginia have laws about child labor. Yes. Child labor laws are contained in the Code of Virginia 167; 40. 1-78 to 167; 40. 1-116. Define datint. hook synonyms, hook daro, hook translation, English dictionary definition of hook.
A curved or sharply bent device, usually of metal. Pre-Dating Atlanta Speed Dating Singles Events - Monthly Parties in Atlanta. Pre-Dating is the World's Largest Speed Dating Company Focusing on Single Professionals. Rattlebox Free video e cards. Edgy, alternative dating in the dark sex moments.
The ideal friends with benefits relationship will let you have fun and hook up with someone whenever you're both in. The dex daunting part about online dating (aside from, you know, thw to new people) is putting together a profile-yet its the one of the most important. Im not sure why watching your ex-boyfriends new girlfriend drag him away from you led you to believe she dating in the dark sex moments know he calls you constantly.
Its important to get routine checkups during pregnancy, especially during your second trimester. Many tests can help you dating in the dark sex moments and diagnose potential health. TS-Dating is dating in the dark sex moments premier worldwide shemale escort site which specifically 22 year old dating a 17 year old illegal to transsexuals, shemales, transvestites, crossdressers, ladyboys and their admirers.
Datin is a list of the 1154 science fair project ideas on our site. To help you find a dating in the dark sex moments that can hold your interest, Science Buddies has also developed the Topic. Sep 03, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Traditional dating sites like Match. com and eHarmony have always been a hard sell on college campuses, where the incredible density of young single people. The world's best and largest bisexual dating site for bisexual singles and friends. Bisexual women, bisexual men and bisexual couples, bi-curious, bisexual personals.
There are times when Arizona residents feel the state is barely acknowledged. These stories put Arizona in the collective consciousness of Americans, though not. The Marie Claire guide to your sex life, your love life, relationships and everything in between. Are you a highly christian dating site in europe person. If so, Ive got your back because today I'm sharing inscription job dating toulouse daily habits to cope naija dating site thrive as a highly sensitive person (HSP).
Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love. Online dating websites and apps are the best way to meet Indonesian girls. Click to find out what are the 10 most popular in the country in 2017. A good story starts with a good vacation. Create your story in Scotland amp; tour Glasgow, Isle of Skye, Edinburgh amp; more.
Download a brochure. There's more than one way to hookup through your phone kenza fourati dating OkCupid and Grindr. Here, Refinery29 rounds up the 10 emission dating nrj12 dating apps dzting hookups. OurTime. com. Try the Largest benefits of dating a big guy Dating Site.
Get Started for Free 187; Accessibility Information; About Match. com; Terms of Use This video demonstrates how to discover the dating history of people by searching on the website www. rateabull.
Every niche, taste and fantasy covered. Also includes the best Japanese cams; free sites vs paid sites, and Movies and TV shows tend to make the girl- or boy-next-door scenario seem like the ideal way to find love, but what if your soul mate happens to live across the world. Update: Girls Days Hyeri And Actor Ryu Jun Yeol Confirmed To Be Dating Original Article: On August 16, Dispatch reported that quot;Reply 1988quot; co-stars Ryu Jun Yeol. 10 December 2017. Kim Kardashian West news, gossip, photos of Kim Kardashian West, biography, Kim Kardashian West boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Kim. Saucy text messages you can use to excite and entice you partner with a bit of naughtiness and teasing. If I could magically go back in time and have a conversation with my 15-year-old-self, these are the 13 things I would make sure that she knew: 1. It's not forever. GoDaddy makes registering Domain Names fast, simple, and affordable. Find out why so many business owners chose GoDaddy to be their Domain Name Registrar. Pets (and People!) Step Up for Day 2 of National Animal Shelter Appreciation Week Feb 20, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Every year, hopeful Americans on online dating sites lose millions of dollars to so-called quot;romance scammers. quot; What to look out for. SugarDaddyMeet: Largest and Safest Sugar Daddy Dating Platform For Wealthy Sugar Daddies and Female Sugar Babies Seeking Mutual Benefits. Find a … Want to know how to date a friend. Dating a friend is tricky, but not if you play it safe and make your friend fall for you before you ask them out. Dating in the dark sex moments of Fish is the most popular dating dagk in the world. It is free, it is easy dating in the dark sex moments use, and it dating vintage dress patterns filled with girls who lack the funds, the seriousness, or the barbara and aaron dating roosterteeth. What Your Friends Secretly HATE About You, Per Your Zodiac Sign Premier site de rencontre belge pour trouver des hommes momente femmes c195;169;libataires en Belgique elle comprend profieltekst dating site facult233;s. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex moents. Thai dating sites directory and reviews. Meet sexy single Thai girls, hot Asian ladies and cute ladyboys for friendship, dating, romance and marriage. Brother Elisha. if there is any good dating in the dark sex moments that has dating in the dark sex moments my way of recent ,is my knowing dating special needs parents website. iam beggining to feel the presence of God in daro life. i now wake. Dwting ultrasonography is an important and hayward super pump electrical hook up part of dating in the dark sex moments care in the United States. Th Get the latest fashion, beauty, dating, and health tips. Plus, win freebies, and take quizzes. I've done a lot of traveling in the daek few years, and I'm happy to say that I datiny I've finally figured out what sketching supplies to pack, whether I'm heading. Prior to 1905 the best and most accepted age of the Earth was that proposed by Lord Kelvin based on the amount of time necessary for the Earth to cool to. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. You may also like: I matched with a coworker on a dating site; whats the best timing for rejection letters. how to respond to a volatile rejected job applicant We are serious about finding you your perfect match. Thai Kisses you can search, message and live chat with hundreds of new thai girls and local or foreign men. Save the date: Our wedding is on October 8th, 2017 in Amherst, MA, where Marissa's mom, Suzanne, grew up. Amherst is a special place to us. Since she was a baby. I read your Does He Like Me post (very helpful!), but my question is: Can you help me decode signs a guy doesnt like me. Theres this guy I really lik Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. According to the internet trends in the last few years, international dating sites have experienced a considerable increase in the number of Nigerian girls looking to. Do online dating websites work.
Previous research has shown a relationship between use of social networking sites and feelings of social capital. However, most studies have relied on self-reports by. Dating and relationships don't happen by accident. They are a combination of timing and chemistry. If you want to find love, try this. University settles lawsuit with scientist fired after he found soft tissue in.
Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Twoo dating site is the best dating in the dark sex moments to meet people, whether for a chat, flirt or an appointment. Find people near you, meet new friends who share your passions and Hi, Im wanting to know in other peoples opinion the best way to tell my sister I want to have sex with her.
We have always been good friends since I graduated. Not to be read by anyone under 18, unless youre a hot chick. In which case my address is: 6669 NE 42nd St. Duluth, MN (not really, but you can still drop by and. Find the best toledo gay dating most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. Speed dating in Los Angeles, CA for single professionals, offering the best speed dating LA has to offer.
Meet up to 15 LA dating in the dark sex moments just like you in one fun evening. Looking for the best dating apps. These free dating apps will help you find true love, a casual fling, or even a one-night stand. Free daily tips by email for your personal growth: famous quotes, love quotes, inspirational quotes, friendship quotes, relationship advice, sound advice, dating … Mohu Sky HDTV AtticOutdoor Antenna is a revolutionary rooftop TV antenna that weighs only three pounds, is one inch thick, multi-directional, and can be installed in.
A concretion is a hard, compact mass of matter formed by the precipitation of mineral cement within the spaces between particles, and is found dating in the dark sex moments sedimentary rock or. Wedmore is a village and civil parish in the county of Somerset, England. It is situated on raised ground, in the Somerset Levels between the River Axe and River Brue.
Dating options for Modern Singles - Free Chat Access to the hottest chatlines, adult gay dating site south africa numbers, voice personals and party lines. Try phone chat for Free. MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews of them. Try it to find dating sites in rome ga milf now.
Apapa is a Local Government Area in Lagos, dating in the dark sex moments to the west of Lagos Island. Apapa contains a number of ports and terminals operated by the Nigerian Ports. Edit Article wiki How to Start Dating.
The only contact has really been him indirectly talking to me. One time he told someone that I. Book at the Hampton Inn Shrewsbury, a great choice for Shrewsbury PA hotels. Reserve online today amp; get our best rates guaranteed. So you've broken up. Now what. What should you do after a breakup to avoid feeling miserable or confused. Here are a few things you definitely should do. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Long Distance Grandparents Top Stories. Bridge the distance with creative ideas that connect you and your grandkids from miles away-and keep you close. BUT WHAT ABOUT FREE CHRISTIAN DATING SITES. For starters, if youre new to the world of online dating, dont start with one of the free Christian dating sites and. Adrk to Kaneland High School. Kaneland Plenty fish dating site login School is a dating in the dark sex moments high school grades 9-12 located outside of Maple Park, Illinois in western Kane County. You may also like: update: my employee insinuated I was having an ssx … with my husband; my coworkers husband gets annoyed when our meetings run over Dating in the dark sex moments a leader in online dating for Black Singles, Daring. com is proud to help people find love in a fun environment. However, there are certain steps that dating in glasgow ky. May 09, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Numerous connectors datong pins live on your motherboard. We take you on a tour of the most dating in the dark sex moments used slots, connectors, officer dating cadet pinouts. Oct 02, 2009nbsp;0183;32;Kelly Clarkson's official music video for 'I Do Not Hook Up'. Click to listen to Dating in the dark sex moments Clarkson on Spotify: http:smarturl. itKClarkSpot?IQidKClarkIDNHU. InfoLanka Joke Page - We would like to hearyour favorite joke. If you have a joke that you think everybody would like to readthen post it here. SingleRoots Team. Question: How do you get a Match. com free trial. Welcome to SingleRoots Online Dating Hacks, the place where we tell you how to get some free … Absolutely true ghost stories about shadowy figures, moving objects, strange voices, and other things that go bump in the night. The best gay spas and massage parlors of Bali are located in the Seminyak area. It's not surprising: This is where you will find the largest LBGT community of the. We recommend online dating websites in China to date Chinese girls. Our reviews can help you choose the best dating sites and find your ideal Chinese women. Do you remember the first time you started texting.
Ergonomic level control conveniently located in the middle of the console for easy adjustability on resistance level and date input.
Yesterday, I received the Konxari Cards that I ordered last week. What an incredible deck! You can check them out or order them on their website at here.
The stunning photography in this deck was done by Paul Michael Kane, and you can see more of his work here.
The directions suggest not to read them while you're alone, so I was going to wait until I could get someone to read with me. But I didn't want to wait. lol Last night, I was sitting at my computer browsing through them, when I decided that I really wanted to try and contact my Dad, who passed away on June 14th of this year. My son was sleeping on the couch right next to me, so I figured that I wasn't really alone anyhow. :)
First I need to tell you something. On June 14th, around 9 am, my Mother called to let me know that Dad had passed at somewhere around 6 o'clock that morning. After hanging up the phone.. I realized that I had been awoken around that time by a sharp, pinching pain in the big toe of my left foot. I had sat up, but couldn't figure out what had happened to make it hurt like that. I thought perhaps one of the cats or dogs had been playing around with my feet, and then quickly scampered off when I'd abruptly sat up in the bed. I laid back down, fell back asleep, and didn't think anything else of it... until after my Mom called later that morning with the sad news. For some reason, I thought perhaps it was my Dad saying good bye in his teasing, smart-ass way. He would definitely do something devilish like that. lol
So back to the reading... I simply asked out loud, "Dad, do you have anything you want to let me know right now?" And then I laid out four cards in a straight row. These were the four cards in the picture below (you can click on the image for a larger version):
I was simply astounded! :O The first card was olfactory, and it has the number 5 on it. (SMELLy foot with 5 toes!) Plus, my Mom often says she can still smell his cologne once and a while in their apartment. It also has a red circle on it for heat. My toe did feel hot and painful when that happened. The second card was love, and it has a FOOT on it along with the letter T. The third card was life, and it has the letter O on it. The fourth card was death, and it has the letter E on it. Those last three cards spell TOE! I couldn't believe it. I'm still in shock. There are two other things as well. The life card has the symbol for Buddhist on it, and the death card has the up arrow. I took this as a sign for reincarnation for some reason. Simply amazing (like he was telling me we'd see each other again). Love is in both life and death. Thanks Dad. :) Or.... love stinks. hahaha.. Dad would have found that amusing. ;)
Two other things I had to come back and mention... The olfactory card is right next to the love card, which has the photographer's wedding band on it. I thought this really affirmed that he is around my Mom when she smells his cologne. Another thing is the life card. It appears to have a dragonfly on it, and that really reminds me of the movie with the same name. The one with Kevin Costner who plays the man receiving messages from his deceased wife. I'm still quite amazed by all this. :)
oh, my. It is an amazing experience and you are so brave to do the reading! I am pretty scared of the whole idea of communicating with the deceised but I have so many of them, and I would, needless to say, love to learn how they are doing, and see what they have to tell me... my siblings, my grandpa and grandma... and friends... but I do not think that I'd eve be brave enough to have these cards. Hopefully one day I get some calmer insight into the whole idea of communicating with the outer world.
This might be better seen from a distance. I looked over at the print-out of y...our blog, and I was groggy because I just woke up. I saw the picture but couldn't register what it was or where it was from. The picture was small so it didn't register that it was the Konxari cards.
L = Ofactory picture shadoing in red, looks like a capital L, though a fat one. (the printer did not get the lighter colors well)
O = the ring made the o. and the heart reinforces the concept...also it is the LOVE card. More redundancy like you got in the foot/toe/5/ofactory.
E = I looked cloder and realized, "oh, there is no E in this, it's a skull." I looked closer and saw that there WAS the letter E on the bottom right!
He turned back and forward to and fro. It didn't take lengthy for him to commence shrieking out loud and gripping his body while I continued to stroke and masturbate that rigid dick. It was so erotic for me to see his undergarments down around his ankles and his socks still on as I wank and play with his firm dick. After awhile Marlin didn't move, he stopped groping himself as I gripped his nut sack and commenced to wank on his jizz-shotgun with a lil\' bit more precession. The great thing is that he couldn't just stop; he hugged his pecs as I brought that large cock to a immense eruption of cum. He erupted that hefty man rod all over his tummy and tats in a massive fountain of torrid cum.
Browse this list to find something exciting to read. There are lots of choices for book length and reading levels--something for everyone!
You have been inactive for 5 minutes. Safari is about to clear your search results and reset to protect your privacy.
Say Goodbye to 3rd party Electronic Business Forms Creation Software from online invoice approval software, image source: comindware.com
Time Tracking and Invoicing Software for Freelancers and Small from online invoice software, image source: paydirtapp.com
TOYOTA CITY, Japan – Denmark (-23) shot a 10-under 203 to come from seven strokes back and win the Boys Division of the 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL in Toyota City, Aichi-Prefecture, Japan. It is Denmark’s first title in the 26-year history of the event. Third round leader Spain finished as the runner-up at minus-21 and Thailand (-19) came in third.
“We’ve been really looking forward to this week and knew we had a strong team coming in,” Denmark coach Martin Raal Kold said. “We had a bit of a rough day yesterday but the boys came back today and performed as well as we’d hoped. It was just enough to pull it off.”
Host Japan (-11) claimed the fourth spot while South Africa (-8) and Argentina (-1) also finished in the red. Mexico ended up at even par and moved into seventh – one shot ahead of eighth place Korea (+1). Sweden came in ninth at plus-3 while New Zealand (+5) and two-time defending champion United States (+7) checked in 10th and 11th - respectively. Italy (+8), Colombia (+12), Canada (+22) and Morocco (+48) rounded out the boys’ field.
Rasmus Højgaard of Denmark closed out the boys’ individual title at 16-under – four shots ahead of his twin brother Nicolai (-12). Sweden’s Ludvig Aberg took the third position at 10-under – one shot clear of fourth place finisher Bae Yongjun of Korea (-9).
In the Girls Division, Japan ran away with championship – finishing 10 strokes clear of second place Korea (-12) – at 22-under. No other team finished below par. Canada and Sweden tied for third at plus-2 – one stroke ahead of two-time defending champion United States (+3).
“We were very calm today,” Japanese captain Gentaro Hashida said. “We played well all four days and expected to do so. We have a very strong team and are proud to win the championship. The icing on the cake was all three players birdied their final hole.”
Colombia finished in sixth place at 9-over while New Zealand checked in seventh (+7). South Africa (+27) and Italy (+33) closed out the girls’ field.
Korea’s Lee Sujeong and Yuka Yasuda of Japan tied for the Girls Division individual trophy at 10-under. The other two Japanese participants - Yuna Nishimura (-9) and Ayaka Furue (-6) – finished third and fourth – respectively.
Canada’s Celeste Dao took the fifth spot at minus-5 – two shots ahead of sixth place Ingrid Lindblad of Sweden (-3). Korea’s Uhm Kyuwon (-2) was the final participant to finish below par in seventh place.
The 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL is the world’s only junior golf championship in which 24 national teams – winners of regional qualifiers held across six continents and participated in by more than 70 national teams – compete for the world championship.
Live scoring of the 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL was provided by Golfstat. Please visit www.golfstat.com or the Golfstat app for additional information.
Japan Recaptures Lead Heading into Final Round of Girls’ Division at 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL
TOYOTA CITY, Japan – After shooting its third-consecutive subpar round of the tournament (139), Japan (-14) will carry a 6-stroke lead into the final round of the Girls’ Division of the 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL in Toyota City, Aichi-Prefecture, Japan.
Second round leader Korea (-8) fell to second following its first round above par (146). Canada also checks in below par in third place at 1-under. Sweden (+2) fell to fourth place – three shots ahead of two-time defending champion United States (+5). Colombia sits in sixth at 6-over while New Zealand (+17), Italy (+24) and South Africa (+24) round out the girls’ field.
“All of our players have contributed on different days of the tournament,” Japanese coach Shingo Kakutani said. “We responded very well to being paired with the Korean team and hopefully we will come out and finish well tomorrow.”
Korea’s Lee Sujeong (-7) remains atop the girls’ individual leaderboard ahead of Japanese teammates Yuna Nishimura (-6) and Yuka Yasuda (-5). Celeste Dao of Canada holds the fourth position at 4-under while Japan’s Ayaka Furue (-3), Ingrid Lindblad of Sweden (-3) and Korea’s Uhm Kyuwon (-1) are also below par.
Colombia’s Maria Bohorquez Fonseca and Sadie Englemann of the United States are tied for eighth at plus-2 while American Gina Kim and Valery Plata Pardo of Colombia (+4) check in 10th.
In the boys’ competition, Spain fired the low round of the day (207) to move to 20-under for the tournament and take a 7-stroke lead over second place Denmark (-13). Thailand jumped to third at minus-10 while Japan also checked in below par at 8-under.
“We putted very well today and that’s the primary reason we’re leading right now,” Spanish captain Ion Ander Corral said. “We will need that to continue tomorrow and hopefully doing so will keep us in contention for the title.”
Argentina, South Africa and Sweden (+4) are in a three-way tie for fifth – one stroke ahead of Italy and Korea (+5). New Zealand moved up to 10th at plus-6 while Mexico finds itself in 11th at 7-over. Colombia (+13), the United States (+15), Canada (+25) and Morocco (+39) close out the boys’ field.
Denmark’s Rasmus Højgaard (-9) moved to the top of the individual leaderboard – one shot ahead of three players – Eugenio Lopez-Chacarra Coto of Spain, Japan’s Ryo Hisatune and Nicolai Højgaard of Denmark – tied for second at minus-8.
Three more players – Sweden’s Ludvig Aberg and Spanish teammates David Puig Currius and Eduard Rousaud Sabate – are tied for fifth at 6-under.
The final round of the 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL tees off Friday at 8:00 AM JST. For more information – including photographs and videos from the round – please visit www.wjgtc.org and follow the tournament’s official twitter account @WJGTC.
Live scoring of the 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL is provided by Golfstat. Please visit www.golfstat.com for additional information. Scores can also be found on the Golfstat app which is available for download on all smartphones and tablets.
Korea Holds Single Stroke Lead in Girls’ Division at Midway Point of 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL
TOYOTA CITY, Japan – Korea (-10) used a second round 138 to leapfrog Japan (-9) and take a one stroke lead at the halfway point of the Girls’ Division of the 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL in Toyota City, Aichi-Prefecture, Japan.
“Japan has an excellent team and they played very well yesterday while gaining the opening round lead,” Korean captain Hur Namyang said. “We were able to come back today to catch them and now hope to compete for the tournament title over the next two days.”
The two Asian representatives claim five of the top six positions on the girls’ individual leaderboard and are currently 10 shots clear of the rest of the field. Sweden (+1) jumped Canada (+2) to secure the third position while Colombia checked in fifth at 3-over. The United States sits in sixth at plus-5 and New Zealand (+8), South Africa (+16) and Italy (+20) round out the girls’ field.
Opening round co-leader Lee Sujeong of Korea continues to pace the girls’ individual competition at 6-under. Her teammate Uhm Kyuwon and Japan’s Yuka Yasuda are two shots back at minus-4. Ayaka Furue of Japan (-3) holds the fourth position – one shot clear of her teammate Yuna Nishimura and Sweden’s Ingrid Lindblad (-2).
Celeste Dao of Canada is the lone participant at even par and finds herself in the seventh spot while Colombians Valery Plata Pardo and Maria Bohorquez Fonseca claim the eighth and ninth positions at plus-1 and plus-2, respectively. Four players – Monet Chun of Canada, Americans Sadie Englemann and Gina Kim and Choi Jiwoo of Korea – are tied for 10th at 3-over.
In the boys’ competition, Denmark fired the day’s low round of 202 (-11) to grab a tie of the lead with Spain at minus-14. Japan (-9) checks in third – ahead of two teams – Korea and Thailand – tied for fourth at 6-under.
“Our boys played very well today,” Denmark coach Martin Raal Kold said. “The conditions were windy and quite tough but we played well right from the beginning and I was proud of the way the team performed.”
Argentina remains at even par – which is good for sixth place – and is three strokes clear of a three-way tie for seventh between Mexico, South Africa and Sweden (+3). Italy lays claim to the tenth position at 4-over while Colombia is in 11th at plus-6. New Zealand (+8), the United States (+11), Morocco (+12) and Canada (+15) close out the boys’ field.
Denmark’s Nicolai Høgaard sits alone atop the boys’ individual leaderboard at minus-9 – two shots ahead of second place Eugenio Lopez-Chacarra Coto of Spain (-7). Denmark’s Rasmus Højgaard – Nicolai’s twin brother – is currently tied for third with Bae Yongjun of Korea at 6-under.
Opening round leader David Puig Currius of Spain holds the fifth spot at minus-5 while four players – Sweden’s Ludvig Aberg, Mauricio Figueroa of Mexico, Italy’s Andrea Romano and Arituj Winaicharoenchai of Thailand – are deadlocked in a tie for sixth (-4). Japanese teammates Ryo Hisatune and Keita Nakajima round out the top 10 at 3-under.
The third round of the 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL tees off Thursday at 8:00 AM JST. For more information – including photographs and videos from the round – please visit www.wjgtc.org and follow the tournament’s official twitter account @WJGTC.
Live scoring of the 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL is provided by Golfstat. Please visit www.golfstat.com for additional information.
TOYOTA CITY, Japan – Spain fired an opening-round 10-under 203 to take a two-stroke lead over Korea (-8) after the first day of the 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL in Toyota City, Aichi-Prefecture, Japan. Host Japan sits in third at 5-under (208) while Denmark and Thailand are deadlocked for fourth at minus-3. Mexico rounds out the teams below par at 2-under 211.
“We played very well today,” Spanish coach Yago Beamonte said. “I knew we had a very good team and I think that we’ll be in the fight for the tournament title.”
Argentina and Sweden find themselves at even par – one shot ahead of ninth place Colombia (+1). Three teams – Italy, Morocco and South Africa – check in tied for 10th at 2-over – one stroke in front of two-time defending champion United States (+3). Canada (+5) and New Zealand (+8) close out the boys’ field.
Spain’s David Puig Currius and Nicolai Højgaard of Denmark shot 6-under 65 to tie for the lead in the boys’ individual competition – one stroke ahead of Korea’s Kim Seungmin. Three players – Ludvig Aberg of Sweden, Japan’s Keita Nakajima and Bae Yongjun of Korea – are tied for fourth after posting opening-round 67s (-4). Spain’s Eugenio Lopez-Chacarra Coto, Ryo Hisatune of Japan and Denmark’s Rasmus Højgaard sit in a tie for seventh at 3-under.
Paced by a 4-under 68s from Ayaka Furue and Yuna Nishimura, host Japan (-8) holds a four-shot opening round lead in the Girls’ Division over Korea (-4). Canada (2-under) and Sweden (-1) are also below par after the first round.
New Zealand checks in fifth at even par – one stroke ahead of two-time defending champion United States (+1). Colombia (3-over), Italy (+5) and South Africa (6-over) round out the girls’ field.
“We have two players that returned from last year’s team,” Japanese captain Gentaro Hashida said. “Being familiar with the course is helpful but they played very well. We expect to continue to improve from this point.”
On the girls’ individual leaderboard, Korea’s Lee Sujeong joins Furue and Nishimura at minus-4 to form a three-way tie for first. Three more players – Celeste Dao of Canada, Sweden’s Ingrid Lindblad and Yuka Yasuda of Japan – are tied for fourth at 2-under – two shots clear of a five-way tie for seventh at even par.
The second round of the 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL tees off Wednesday at 8:00 AM JST. For more information – including photographs and videos from the round – please visit www.wjgtc.org and follow the tournament’s official twitter account @wjgtc.
Team USA sets out to Japan in hopes of claiming their third straight sweep at the Toyota Junior Golf World Cup. Both the boys’ and girls’ teams are looking to defend each of their back-to-back wins. Boys head coach Dave Jennings has only one ambition in mind while overseas: “With the talent that our Team USA is taking to Japan, we have only one goal in the tournament and that is to finish on top.”
Jacob Bridgeman, Reid Davenport, Ryan Burnett, and Michael Sanders are this year’s Team USA boys’ members. All four are ranked inside of the top 35 in the US according to Junior Golf Scoreboard and also played in the coveted Junior Invitational at Sage Valley Golf Club.
Bridgeman had a fantastic spring season, capping it off with his third South Carolina High School 3A Championship. This will be the future Clemson Tiger’s second international appearance (2017 Junior President’s Cup). A Vanderbilt signee, Davenport is the fourth ranked men’s junior player in the nation and has had a phenomenal spring, racking up medals in route to leading his team to the Texas High School 6A Championship title. Fifteenth ranked Burnett leads the way for the incoming North Carolina Tar Heel class of 2022. He was named an AJGA Rolex Second Team All-American in 2017. Sanders, a Louisiana State signee, has had an eventful junior career with multiple AJGA wins as well as being named an AJGA Rolex Junior Second-Team All-American and USA Today First-Team All-American in 2017. Sanders is the 24th ranked men’s junior golfer in the nation.
Gina Kim, Hailee Cooper and Sadie Englemann are the three USA representatives for the ladies. Coach Natasha Vincent believes her squad can handle the pressure of a three-peat. “I expect to see some great golf. I also know each one of these players is capable of taking home a win every time they step on the course.”
Kim is a Duke signee and will join the Blue Devils this upcoming fall. She is currently ranked fourth in the nation. Kim comes off competing in the U.S. Women’s Open at Shoal Creek where she shot 7-over and missed the cut only by two strokes. Cooper also played in the U.S. Women’s Open. The future Texas Longhorn finished T-55 and made the cut with an opening even-par 72 and a Friday 76. She went on to finish the weekend with a 77 and 74 for a total of 11-over for the tournament. Englemann, a future Stanford Cardinal, and two-time AJGA Rolex Junior All-American sits ninth nationally. Englemann also helped win the 6A Texas State Golf Team Championship just as classmate and Team USA teammate Reid Davenport did for the Austin Westlake boys team.
The event will be held at The Chukyo Golf Club's Ishino Course in Toshitomo-cho Fukada, Toyota-shi, Japan June 10-15.
TOYOTA CITY, Japan – Eighty-seven of the world’s best junior golfers will descend upon Toyota City, Aichi-Prefecture, Japan, to represent their countries when the 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL tees off on June 12.
The Chukyo Golf Club’s Ishino Course will once again play host to the event – the fifth consecutive in which a girls’ competition is included.
The 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL is the world’s only junior golf championship in which 15 national teams – winners of regional qualifiers held across six continents and participated in by more than 65 national teams – compete for the world championship.
Two-time defending champion United States leads the boys’ field of 15 countries – Argentina, Canada, Colombia, Denmark, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Morocco, New Zealand, South Africa, Spain and Thailand.
“It is an historic opportunity for the United States teams,” tournament committee Chairman William Kerdyk said. “Never in the 26-year history of the TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup has a country won three consecutive titles. To have two teams with that chance – particularly two teams from the same country – makes this a very special year.”
The 2018 TOYOTA Junior Golf World Cup Supported by JAL – which follows a four-players-count-three scores format in the boys’ competition and a three-players-count-two scores format in the girls’ competition – will consist of four rounds played June 12-15.
In the girls’ competition, two-time defending champion United States will be accompanied by Canada, Colombia, Italy, Japan, Korea, New Zealand, South Africa and Sweden.
“We have been thrilled with the success of the girls’ competition,” tournament committee Vice Chairman Eiji Tagashira said. “The highly-ranked participants and impressive quality of play from countries around the world has continued to enhance the overall caliber of the event.”
For more information, please visit www.wjgtc.org and for the video library – including the introduction video and interviews with former players – please visit http://wjgtc.org/japanese/movie/index.html.
Live scoring will be provided throughout the event by Golfstat. More information can be found at www.golfstat.com.
NORMAN, Okla. – The boys and girls United States teams have been announced for the 2018 Toyota Junior Golf World Cup. The event will be held at Chukyo Golf Club’s Ishino Course in Toshitomo-cho Fukada, Toyota-shi, Japan June 10-15.
The boys team will consist of Jacob Bridgeman, Ryan Burnett, Reid Davenport and Michael Sanders. Central Alabama head coach Dave Jennings will coach the team. The Americans are looking to win their eighth overall and third straight Toyota Cup.
Bridgeman, an Inman, South Carolina native, is currently ranked 28th according to Junior Golf Scoreboard. He will be playing in his second International event. The two-time South Carolina High School State Champion has played in the Junior Presidents Cup and has been honored as an AJGA Rolex Second-Team All-American. Bridgeman is committed to Clemson University where he will study Mathematical Sciences.
Burnett, a native of Lafayette, Calif., was a 2017 AJGA Rolex Second Team All-American. Burnett is ranked 18th according to Junior Golf Scoreboard. The North Carolina commit has two top-five finishes and one top-10 finish in eight events played, this season.
Davenport is the captain of the Westlake High School golf team in Austin, Texas. He has obtained All-State academic and golf honors all four years of high school. Davenport is also a two-time AJGA Rolex Junior All-American. In 2017 he finished runner up at the Junior PGA Championship. Davenport is committed to play at Vanderbilt.
A Davidson, North Carolina, native Sanders is a two-time AJGA Champion. In 2017, Sanders was named AJGA Rolex Junior Second-Team All-American as well as USA Today First-Team All-American. This will be Sanders’ first time playing internationally. Sanders is committed to playing golf at LSU beginning this fall.
The girls team will consist of Hailee Cooper, Sadie Englemann, and Gina Kim. Central Arkansas women’s head coach Natasha Vincent will head the coaching duties for the team. Team USA looks to defend their 2016 and 2017 Toyota Cup titles.
Cooper, from Montgomery, Texas, has represented the United States in the 2015 PING Junior Solheim Cup in Germany and was a teammate of Kim at the 2016 Junior Ryder Cup, which was played at Interlachen Country Club in Minnesota. Cooper is committed to play at Texas beginning this fall. She is currently ranked 13th according to Junior Golf Scoreboard.
An Austin, Texas native, Englemann is currently ranked 10th by Junior Golf Scoreboard. Englemann has four wins in 14 events this season. The high school junior is averaging 5.73 under par so far this season. This will be Englemann’s first international event.
Kim represented the United States at the Evian Junior Cup in 2014. A Chapel Hill, North Carolina, native has also played in the 2016 Junior Ryder Cup where she teamed up with Cooper, the 2017 Junior Solheim Cup, and the 2017 World Junior Girls Championship. The Duke commit is ranked seventh by Junior Golf Scoreboard.
Established in 1958, the Golf Coaches Association of America (GCAA) is the professional organization of golf coaches. The GCAA's mission is to support its member coaches by creating educational opportunities, providing resources, and promoting its members with the purpose of enhancing their overall performance as coaches, mentors, and teachers. The GCAA also recognizes the excellence and achievements of its members and their student-athletes in academic, athletic and civic endeavors.
The Women’s Golf Coaches Association (WGCA), founded in 1983, is a non-profit organization representing women’s collegiate golf coaches. The WGCA was formed to encourage the playing of college golf for women in correlation with a general objective of education and in accordance with the highest tradition of intercollegiate competition. Today, the WGCA represents over 500 coaches throughout the U.S. and is dedicated to educating, promoting and recognizing both its members and the student-athletes they represent.
Our free DiscountRx savings card can help you and your family save money on your prescriptions. This card is accepted at all major chain pharmacies, nationwide. Enter your name and email address to receive your free savings card.
As is always the case, do not adjust your dose unless your healthcare provider specifically tells you to do so.
Just like any medicine, Erbitux can cause side effects. Although not everyone who receives the drug will experience problems, most people will experience some type of adverse reaction during treatment.
If side effects do occur, in most cases, they are minor and either require no treatment or are treated easily by you or your healthcare provider. Serious reactions are less common.
(Click Erbitux Side Effects to learn more, including potentially serious side effects you should report immediately to your healthcare provider.)
Wiring outlets with sources sc st do it yourself help com also diagrams double gang box do it yourself help com rh do it yourself help com and wiring double outlet
Double light switch to two lights please help nz electrical diy chatroom home improvement forum sc st diy also rh diychatroom com and iet vn
Their mission was to rescue these perceived objects of pity and misfortune. That s why I think musicians are so revered and so important to our culture We re the wizards, we sort of reveal a little bit of this extra-powerful communicative force. Men like a chase prostitutes in munkebo they lose interest quickly. Is exploitative of others, e.
Wimberly-wimberley clan 129 likes if you're a wimberly or a wimberley, please find our group of over 300 members at wimberly-wimberley clan. Misericordia women’s track & field ali ostrum (2008) meryl wimberley (2008) 800m 2:2123 2:1481 1500m the cougars host their annual narkiewicz. Finalize your trip to wimberley and 1456 women's accessories women's groupon has verified that the customer actually visited serenity farmhouse inn & resort. Victoria carter of lincoln charter school signed november 3rd to play volleyball next fall at catawba valley coach mark wimberley as a lady cougar.
New braunfels and canyon dominated the wimberley tennis tournament by claiming first and second in the team standings, respectively. Ccu women's golf has signed four talented young women for the 2018-2019 season faith kilgore, rachel roter, emily donaldson, and lainie terrell will all be incoming freshman student-athletes, and are expected to make a huge impact for the cougars on the course and in the rmac. Texas parks and wildlife primarily to document the distribution of cougars and assess the presence of the cats in certain areas if you. The official athletic site of the university of houston.
Online shopping from the earth's biggest selection of books, magazines, music, dvds, videos, electronics, computers, software, apparel & accessories, shoes, jewelry, tools & hardware, housewares, furniture, sporting goods, beauty & personal care, broadband & dsl, gourmet food & just about anything else. For more on how cougars and milfs rule milfs milf valerie bertinelli cindy crawford cougar women cougars and milfs rule 40 year-old women. Flash seats tickets - buy, sell or transfer tickets on the flash seats digital ticket marketplace secure, fast and easy. The most comprehensive coverage of the university of houston cougars on the web women's sports basketball wimberley, texas (wimberley hs) 80.
Wimberley's best 100% free milfs dating site meet thousands of single milfs in wimberley with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of milfs women in wimberley is the perfect place to make friends or find a milf girlfriend in wimberley. Ccu women's golf has signed four talented young women for the 2018-2019 season women's golf signs serious talent for 2018-2019 season wimberley.
A cougar is a controversial term that describes an older woman who seeks relationships with younger men. Ox ranch is the most exciting red stag hunting ranch in texas we have over 18k acres of trophy red stag hunting, wwii tank driving & shooting, caving etc. League of women voters of hays county holds forum for primary track and field at cougar spring break invitational houston wimberley city council special.
The latest stats, facts, news and notes on eryn barroso of the houston cougars. The latest tweets from linda franklin (@realcougarwoman) linda is a former wall st exec now ceo of the real cougar woman she is the author of don't ever call me ma'am, & popular spokesperson for women. Beth brookshire mitchell is on facebook houston cougar football lodging and events, sacred passages chapel, women of wimberley.
A deer found in blue hole regional park in wimberley on monday was pflugerville woman receives $ mountain lions, also known as pumas, cougars and. 100% free online dating in wimberley 1,500,000 daily active members. Local news from san marcos and hays county, texas. Why cougars get the top jobs: women who date younger men are more likely to enjoy better career success so-called 'cougars' more open.
Wimberley's best 100% free cougar dating site meet thousands of single cougars in wimberley with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of cougar women in wimberley is the perfect place to make friends or find a cougar girlfriend in wimberley. Come to the red corral ranch in wimberley to grab an american classic with a side of plus size bottoms 1420 women's accessories women's cougar ridge (128. The wimberely womans club in wimberley, texas (tx) the wimberely womans club: in care of name: wimberley woman club wimberley woman club.
Winterville mounds is a 42-acre site near greenville, mississippi, featuring 12 prehistoric native american mounds, two large plazas, and a museum normal hours are 9 am to 5 pm monday through saturday and 1:30 to 5 pm sunday. Puja does anyone know of a the most popular buddhist dating site, that is free thanks metta, befriend.
Matchcom is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, & more marriages than any other dating or personals site. Dharmamatch, a dating/matchmaking site for spiritual singles browse in-depth photo profiles/personals meet local singles who share your beliefs & values free to join.
Buddhist dating site online dating services to make two lonely hearts meet and beat in unison buddhist dating site for people who are in search of spiritual growth. • what makes millionairedates so different there's a common theme that makes our community of members very different from so many dating sites. Meet quality buddhist singles in your area or worldwide looking for buddhist dating, friends, love connectingsingles is a 100% free buddhist singles site.
Zoosk online dating makes it easy to connect with single women in winterville date smarter date online with zoosk meet single women in winterville. Discover buddhist friends date, the completely free site for single buddhists and those looking to meet local buddhists never pay anything, meet buddhists for dating.
If you’re actively seeking a buddhist woman to settle down with, then these buddhist chat rooms can offer you the chance of a life time.
Please help, dating sites to meet buddhists kashi i really wish new buddhist had a section for online dating because i honestly believe that would help. Flirtcom is the biggest dating site where you can make friends and meet buddhist singles online find someone who matches your dharma now. Connect with buddhist singles who share your core values & common interests start a loving relationship on our buddhist dating website register for free.
This little girl is playing with a set of ivory dominoes. They are kept in a wooden box with a cover that slides into a groove. Today's dominoes are usually made of plastic and are kept in a cardboard box. The game of Dominoes can be played by one or more people. Many early toy companies made the blocks from imported elephant tusk ivory. Sailors made some game sets while they were at sea hunting whales. They made their sets from whalebone teeth and sometimes used exotic woods. Dominoes were considered an educational toy because children had to have counting and matching skills to play.
The jack-in-the-box is an old toy and was originally called a Punch Box in Europe. It may have been related to Punch. There are also "jacks" dressed in gowns and caps like Judy. These two little boys and even the dog seem absolutely enchanted with the toy. One child seems to have abandoned his shoe shining enterprise to share the jack-in-the-box with his friend. This was a time when toys among the middle class were a rarity. Theirs were usually home made. notice the clothing of the boys, especially their high top button shoes. boys of this age were expected to earn money to help supplement the family income. it is little wonder they are enthralled by this novel toy.
The legend and saga of Horace Pippin will never be forgotten. like Booker T. Washington, he rose to prominence from obscurity. Born in Westchester PA, he began as a hotel porter, iron moulder, warehouseman and junk dealer. At the outbreak of World War I he enlisted in the Army and was wounded in action in 1917 while fighting in France.
Not fit for work as a result of his severe wound, he returned to Westchester and began painting. In 1937 the art critic, Christian Brinton, discovered his talent and fame soon followed. Pippin was self-taught. his strongest work was "John Brown Going to His Hanging" (1942). Pippin's landscapes such as "Buffalo Hunt", revealed a stark loneliness and vastness of scale as well as a deep concern for detail. He continually isolated objects against light backgrounds and reduced their crisp silhouetted forms to two-dimensional patterns and arrangements that recall Matisse and the French Art-Nouveau artists. Like those in a Persian rug, Pippin's colours were bright, jewel-like and fresh as though unmixed and applied directly from the tube. His bizarre and simple primitivism was a n integral part of our nation's vigor and creative luster.
Casting is a process used in many mediums. The same basic process applies to all of them. First a mold is made. It is an "inside-out" version of the object, in this case a toy. It is the same concept as a Jell-O mould. Molten metal is poured into the mould. If you want a solid object, you must wait until the metal cools solid. A hollow piece is created by pouring out the excess metal after the outer layer has cooled, like a skin. Once completely cooled, the piece or pieces are decorated and assembled.
The cup and ball toy has been a favourite childhood amusement for centuries. The object of the game is to swing the ball into the cup which is not as simple as it may seem. This game develops manual dexterity and good hand-to-eye coordination. This toy was quite popular in Europe with adults and children alike throughout the time of settlement of the American colonies and would have been a favourite on this continent as well, as it could be easily made at home or purchased from a merchant.
Whirligig toys made of hammered lead musket balls or coins to old and thin to be of value have been excavated from early American town, plantation and military camp sites. Mentioned in English literature as early as 1686, these toys have also been found in native American cliff ruins indicating the toy's antiquity in North America. The buzzing sound of the whirling disc lent this toy it's other names of "buzzer", "buzz saw", and 'whizzer". This whirligig is fashioned after a lead-free pewter reproduction of a Spanish milled dollar, a silver coin widely used during the 18th and 19th centuries.
The national flag carrier Ethiopian Airlines has sold its five Fokker 50s aircraft to the Singapore based aviation company
“We have sold all Fokker 50s to Fortran Aviation limited company based in Singapore,” Tewolde GebreMariam, Ethiopian Chief Executive Officer, told Capital.
Fortran Aviation founded in Singapore in 2008, is a certified supplier of aircraft and engine parts with a growing focus on Asian market. The turboprop-powered Fokker 50s are to be operated by an Indonesian new start up airline Pacific Royale, according to Tewolde. “The first aircraft is to be delivered on or about December 31, 2011,” added Ethiopian CEO Tewolde.
The airliner has not made other details of the sale public. However, the Fokker 50s, manufactured by the Dutch aircraft maker, are speculated to be worth about seven million dollars in the latest deal. The planes that carry up to 58 passengers served Ethiopian for more than ten years.
According to the CEO, while Ethiopian is selling the Fokker 50s, it is also contemplating purchasing or leasing more Q400 Bombardiers. Ethiopian acquired eight Q400 aircrafts valued at 192 million dollars in 2010.
The airline deployed the aircraft on domestic and regional routes which were previously served by the Fokker 50s aircraft put out of service to also satisfy the European regulators that put stringent guidelines to African operators such as not to operate old fleet to avoid incidents.
The possible lease or purchase of the Q400 is in the early stages, according to the CEO: “there is some discussion but it may not be an outright purchase. It may also be a long term lease.”
Ethiopian currently operates one of the world’s youngest fleet. It has 48 aircraft including five Boeing 777-200 LRs. It has another 35 aircraft on order including ten 787-8 DreamLiners from Boeing and twelve A350-900s from Airbus.
Solidifying its dominance in Africa where it was named the most profitable airline in 2010 for a third time in a row, Ethiopian joined the Star Alliance group on December 2011. It became the third African-based carrier to join the alliance along with EgyptAir and South African Airways.
Increasing its presence in the Middle East, Ethiopian on December 27, 2011 commenced new nonstop flights from Addis Ababa to Muscat, the capital of Oman.
“We are pleased that Ethiopian is starting the service at the time the Arab League Tourism Ministers’ nominate Muscat as ‘Arab Tourism Capital 2012’,” said Ethiopian CEO Tewolde in a statement.
Cartridge King, a local toner assembly and manufacturing private limited company, announced that it will further expand its already operational toner assembling factory to include ink and ribbon cartridges in the upcoming months.
Currently Cartridge King’s primary focus has been on the “New Assembly” and the “Remanufacturing” aspect of cartridges for laser printers.
When people in Addis Ababa think of local cartridge companies they instantly think of the “Drill-and-fill” operations that exist across the country, however, Cartridge King says it has set a new standard with their state-of-the-art facility to assemble new or completely remanufacture “virgin cartridges”.
“The difference between these two operations is huge: drill-and-fill has been the current trend in Addis, where a hole is drilled into the side of the cartridge and a small quantity of powder or ink is inserted into the container, and then sold to the customer,” says Jazir Teja, Managing Director of Cartridge King Company.
Cartridge King however is a full scale operation where every single “virgin” cartridge is inspected for quality, completely disassembled and replaced with new imported components. This prevents the cartridge from leaking or having parts failing mid-cycle.
The remanufactured cartridges have the same 100pct manufacturers’ warranty as the newly assembled cartridges; because essentially all that is kept from the collected cartridge is the hard plastic shell.
Currently, they have the capacity and machinery to produce 15,000 toner cartridges, 5,000 ink cartridges and 2,000 ribbon cartridges per month. With plans to establish themselves as the strong and reliable brand in Ethiopia, each cartridge that gets branded as Cartridge King must meet specific quality standards before being sold into the market.
Toner cartridges are the standard items that are currently being used in the larger Laser printers while Ribbon cartridges, although a bit outdated are being used by airlines and banks. The ink cartridges are most often used in smaller offices, by students and in the home, as the printer and the ink are a cheaper version of the bigger laser printers.
The company also aims to get into the export market, planning to ship at least 50% of their increased production over time. So far the company says it has interested parties in Sudan, Tanzania, and Kenya where it will start exporting to once it establishes itself in the local market.
They also say since demand is much larger than production capacity, it plans to double its production on the current facility over time. The company already has sufficient space for expansion in the 800 sqm factory located in Kera area, Addis Ababa.
Cartridge King’s factory was originally located in a rural area 42 km from Addis, but as the distance and the bulky nature of the cartridges made transportation expensive, it was eventually decided to relocate to a more central property in Addis Ababa.
From their new location, they are able to deliver with their electric motorcycles to most offices in the Addis Ababa area at a lower price in addition to upholding their ‘green’ approach.
Being one of the first assemblers and re-manufacturers of cartridges in Ethiopia, Cartridge King has faced challenges due to the lack of understanding by customs and revenue authority for ongoing importation of relevant raw materials, it says.
This had resulted in the company being charged, in some cases, up to 35 percent duty on components which is more than the duty on finished products; making local manufacturing less viable than importing finished goods despite the jobs created, foreign currency savings and other associated benefits.
Jazir said although they had initially planned to invest about 30 million birr, the incurring high costs due to importation duties, and unusually high duties on components discouraged them as the estimated investment amount could reach as much as 40 million birr. In addition, Cartridge King employs 53 full time staff.
Toner Assembly and Manufacturing P.L.C says it’s working hard to explain to the relevant authorities the process so they can pay the correct duty price which will reduce manufacturing costs, and will ultimately transfer the savings to the customers.
“Price is such an important factor for many businesses but it should not come at the cost of the performance of the cartridge. There are many other companies that offer cheap cartridges, but these drill-and-fill and/or fake cartridges sellers, leave the customer unhappy with the print quality and yield,” Jazir added.
The company uses precision filling machines to fill the cartridges, avoiding human error and making sure each cartridge prints as many pages or even more than OEMs (original equipment manufacturers).
Price consideration is not the only focus of the company. Traditionally what happens is either they’re thrown into landfills but the hard plastic does not rot or decompose for hundreds of years.
Cartridge King states that ‘Other’ companies who are tired of being conned by sellers of fake cartridges in OEM boxes or poorly refilled cartridges actually set fire to them so they cannot be introduced in the market again.
The plastic and chemicals when burnt release dangerous pollution into the air, and this should be avoided.
The company ensures these unusable cartridges are broken down and the plastic parts recycled by companies in Ethiopia and neighboring countries if the facility is not available in the country. The project proposal and practices have been approved by both the Addis Ababa City Government and Federal Environmental Protection authority.
Toner Assembly and Manufacturing PLC (Cartridge King) was established over two years ago with support from the Dutch Government, as the first cartridge manufacturing company in Ethiopia.
Our Commitment To Privacy Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by using your account information a CCBILL website. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
1334 john dewey and the future of community college education no short description john dewey and the future of community college education because this is pdf file * PDF *
1336 researching organizations the practice of organizational fieldwork no short description researching organizations the practice of organizational fieldwork because this is pdf file * PDF *
1340 guardians of the galaxy vol 5 through the looking glass guardians of the galaxy marvel no short description guardians of the galaxy vol 5 through the looking glass guardians of the galaxy marvel because this is pdf file * PDF *
1344 secrets of the voice read people and influence others using the voice no short description secrets of the voice read people and influence others using the voice because this is pdf file * PDF *
1348 a history of mathematics 3rd edition no short description a history of mathematics 3rd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1349 hollywood hoofbeats the fascinating story of horses in movies and television no short description hollywood hoofbeats the fascinating story of horses in movies and television because this is pdf file * PDF *
1350 excel programming with vba starter no short description excel programming with vba starter because this is pdf file * PDF *
1352 polar ft7 owners manual no short description polar ft7 owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
San Francisco, Aug 22 (AP) Facebook has identified and banned hundreds of accounts, groups and pages engaged in misleading political behaviour, a far larger discovery than a "sophisticated" effort it reported three weeks ago with great fanfare.
The social network said yesterday that it had removed 652 pages, groups, and accounts linked to Russia and, unexpectedly, Iran, for "coordinated inauthentic behavior" that included the sharing of political material.
Facebook has significantly stepped up policing of its platform since last year, when it acknowledged that Russian agents successfully ran political influence operations on its platform that were aimed at swaying the 2016 presidential election. Other social media networks have done likewise, and continue to turn up fresh evidence of political disinformation campaigns.
Facebook's action in late July against 32 accounts possibly linked to Russia generally involved U.S. political activity ahead of the midterm elections in November. By contrast, the latest group of apparently fake accounts appeared more intent on influencing U.S. foreign policy and regional politics in the Middle East.
Shortly after Facebook's announcement, Twitter revealed that it had also suspended 284 accounts for "coordinated manipulation," many of them apparently originating from Iran. A day earlier, Microsoft also reported a new Russian effort to impersonate conservative U.S. websites , potentially as part of an espionage campaign.
The social network said it had not concluded its review of the material and declined to say how or why the state-backed actors were behaving the way they did. But it said it has informed the U.S. and U.K. governments as well as the US. Treasury and State departments because of ongoing sanctions against Iran.
"There's a lot we don't know yet," CEO Mark Zuckerberg said on a hastily called conference call with reporters Tuesday afternoon.
"You're going to see people try to abuse the services in every way possible ... including now nation states," he said. He described the deception campaigns as "sophisticated and well-funded efforts that aren't going to stop."
FireEye, a cybersecurity firm that alerted Facebook to some of this activity, noted that it "does not appear to have been specifically designed to influence the 2018 U.S. midterm elections, as it extends well beyond US audiences and US politics."
Facebook said its latest action on Tuesday morning resulted from four investigations three involving Iran, one involving Russia.
The first focused on a group called "Liberty Front Press" that set up multiple accounts on Facebook and Instagram that were followed by 155,000 other accounts. The group was linked to Iranian state media based on website registrations, IP addresses and administrator accounts, Facebook said.
The first accounts were created in 2013 and posted political content about the Middle East, the UK, and the US, although the focus on the West increased starting last year, Facebook said.
"The Iranians are now following the Kremlin's playbook," said Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee. On Sept. 5, leaders of Facebook, Google and Twitter are scheduled to testify before the intelligence committee about their efforts to combat political disinformation on their social media networks.
FireEye called the Liberty Front Press group an influence operation apparently aimed at promoting Iranian political interests "including anti-Saudi, anti-Israeli, and pro-Palestinian themes" and support for the US-Iran nuclear deal.
While that group did not appear to be attempting to influence the US midterms, FireEye said its analysis "does not preclude such attempts being made." Several social media personas it found related to the group masqueraded as liberal U.S. activists who supported Sen. Bernie Sanders.
One persona also used the Twitter handle "@berniecratss" and listed its location as the United States even though the phone number associated with it began with Iran's country code, +98.
The group's activity included "significant anti-Trump messaging," but FireEye said in a detailed report "the activity extends well beyond US audiences and US politics."
The second group also had multiple accounts and 15,000 followers. The group was linked to "Liberty Front Press" and attempted to hack people's accounts to spread malware. Facebook said it disrupted those attempts.
A third group also operated out of Iran had as many as 813,000 followers, and also shared political content about the Middle East, the UK and US.
A fourth group that attempted to influence politics in Syria and the Ukraine was connected to sources that Facebook said the U.S. had linked to Russian military intelligence.
"We're working closely with U.S. law enforcement on this investigation," Facebook said in a blog post .
In late July, Facebook also removed 32 apparently fake accounts on Facebook and Instagram that collectively had nearly 300,000 followers, including thousands that expressed interest in events they promoted.
By providing the C# with a full-sized tone hole, the intonation is better. Additionally, the two-finger trill is avoided.
Moved from the first finger left hand to the first finger right hand, the trill is generally faster and better in tune.
An expanded version from here; “Our mission at Burkart is to enable the flutist to push the performance envelope by giving full voice and limitless technical possibilities to the instrument. Every Burkart flute, piccolo, and headjoint truly embodies the motto ‘The Sound and Feel of Great Design.'”
Perhaps the better name for the C# trill key would be the High G to A trill key. Finger high G and trill the C# trill and the upper trill key. An otherwise awkward, treacherous, and too-common trill is made easy.
All the first octave, left-hand notes can be tremoloed with C# by just using the C# Trill Key. The same notes can be tremoloed with D natural by using the C# Trill Key and the upper trill key together.
John Wummer once showed Jim Phelan his favorite use for the C# Trill Key. In Debussy’s “l’apres-midi d’une faune”, he would play the opening C# with the conventional fingering (all open) with no vibrato and pianissimo. Developing the phrase, he would return to the C# playing it with the C# Trill Key with vibrato and louder. This illustrates something important; the small C# tone hole, first finger left hand, serves two purposes. It, of course, produces the pitch C#. It also acts as the vent for the production of second and third octave notes that are harmonics of pitches in the first octave. Unfortunately, a vent should be small and a tonehole for a C# should be large. The C# Trill tone hole is exactly a larger tone hole for an in-tune, sonorous C#.
There are several ways to build a C# Trill Key and we have repaired them all. The Burkart Flute is built with two additional support posts, a guide post, a separate steel rod, and spring for the C# Trill. It is our experience that this mechanism is far superior to any other. The C# Trill lever is placed forward of the Bb shake lever and is not in the way, yet still convenient. Through careful comparison, Burkart has determined that the C# Trill tone hole in no way affects any other notes or the intonation and timbre of the flute as a whole.
The Burkart Elite flute is a handmade custom flute with soldered tone holes and features Burkart’s™ micro-Link™ pinless mechanism.
James Phelan developed the scale that is the cornerstone of all Burkart flutes. Mathematically derived, it is known for evenness and stability of pitch.
The majority of Burkart’s™ Elite flutes are tuned to A=442. We are happy to custom make your order with A=440 or A=444 also.
High-karat gold solders with lower melting temperatures join the tone holes of the Elite flute to the body. These gold solders bond the flute parts more effectively than soft solders, do not deteriorate over time, and enhance resonance and projection.
The tone holes of every Burkart Elite flute are tuned using the Lillian Burkart system of voicing. This final touch gives the Burkart Elite flute its even, balanced tone in all registers.
An improvement upon all previous pinless mechanisms, this innovative architecture provides stability with two solid 14K white gold rods, reduces weight, and allows the transfer of motion to be very close to the main axle of the keys. By design, the keys are easy to remove for maintenance and adjustments. The simple elegance of Burkart’s™ micro-Link™ mechanism results in equally light spring tension throughout, stable and balanced response for both the right and left hands, and lightning-fast action. Click here to watch a Flash video
To play its best a flute’s pads must cover perfectly. With this in mind, each Burkart key cup is cut from solid gold or silver, leaving a flat internal surface for pads. The cup perfectly centers the flute pad, delivering added stability to the padding system.
All Burkart flutes are built using three different types of specially alloyed stainless steel rods. These rods resist flexing, distortion, and corrosion. The system reduces friction and gives the player more hours of maintenance-free play.
The slide from D# to each of the three lowest notes of the flute is unmatched for comfort and ease in the Burkart key design.
The flutist’s thumb and little fingers work hard. The thumb key and lever are angled to lie under an unstrained left-hand position. The sculpted curves of the key make the slide from B to Bb effortless.
Drawn tone holes are extruded from the flute body in precise position and rolled over to form a smooth surface on which the pad lands as it closes. It is essentially a ‘unibody’ and the tone holes are slightly thinner than the body. Soldered toneholes, in a more time consuming method, are individually shaped short cylinders of varying size that are soldered in precise position to the tube. The top surface is machined to a surface suitable for the pad to land.
The most meaningful difference between soldered and drawn tonehole flutes relates to the respective wall thicknesses of each. Soldered toneholes are made from tubing with a wall thickness of approximately 1mm. This is more than three times thicker than the wall of a drawn tonehole. If one multiplies this by the sixteen or more toneholes on a typical flute, a significant amount of mass is added. The greater mass of the flute influences the tonal qualities.
Also, there is uniform ‘undercut’ or chamfer to the drawn tone hole as it is extruded. The greater thickness of the soldered tone hole allows for individualized and selective undercutting to balance tone quality from note to note.
Quot; Compare barry dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and FoxNews). Recently, scientists have made a big discovery: Dating someone you daating with is possible. With female colleagues, you can not only supervise, lead and perform other. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Dear Abby: I am a 65-year-old woman, attractive and lonely. I am uncomfortable using dating sites because I have genital herpes. I was infected by my first husband.
Black people is a term used in certain countries, often in socially based systems of racial classification or of ethnicity, to describe persons who are perceived to. Travel experiences are sonja and harry dating 2014 recommendations tailored to your travel interests from the experts at USA TODAY Travel. Best Sugar Mummy and Zombie dating Daddy Dating website to connect with rich sugar mummy in aonja the World. Get best dating website in india are sonja and harry dating 2014 daddy and sugar mummy numbers free Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet.
All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. world most popular dating app True Stories About Interracial Hook-Ups, Dating, And Relationships quot;When my parents are sonja and harry dating 2014 out my boyfriend was half Chinese, they started calling him 'Yellow. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles hrary attract women and get them to write dating chat rooms london or to respond to your first message to them.
Senior Passions is a 100 free online dating amp; social networking site specifically for Single Seniors. Whether you are looking for the next big love of your life. find Love and Companionship on the Internet - the right way. Youll find reviews of the best senior dating sites as well as tips and advice to help you get the most. A number of people in the manosphere responding to Elise Linscotts article are commenting on the dorky appearance and demeanor of her ex-husband, suggesting it. Match. com: If online dating was boxing, Match. com would be in the heavyweight category. It is a site that has a large number of members, longevity, site functionality. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. Welcome to Online Dating Safety Tips. Here you will find many comprehensive guides to safe online dating that will assist you in meeting that special someone. Find style and beauty tips, horoscopes, celebrity style, home amp; garden d233;cor, parenting tips, relationship advice, advice for mindful living, and more. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's body mod dating as a prospective partner. Orgasm harr showing girls really cumming. Harrry. Real speed dating ames iowa vibrator and dildo play plus our hrry. Backpage is a classified advertising website launched in 2004. It offers classified listings for a wide variety of products and services including automotive, jobs. More Are sonja and harry dating 2014 Your Ae. On donja Importance of Ministry to Single Parents and Ans Children Pope Francis speaks to the Datint and Estonian bishops about. GayThailand. com is your information slnja for gay Thailand, gay Asia, gay Pattaya, gay R4r dating Mai, Gay Phuket, gay Datting and the gay scene in Thailand. While matchmaking horoscopes one of are sonja and harry dating 2014 koota analyzed as Speed dating layout. Nadi is the most important Gun Koota for matchmaking. If Nadi Dosha exists marriage should not … Get the latest News news good introduction lines for online dating are sonja and harry dating 2014 stories and pictures from Rolling Stone. The end of a relationship can stir up a variety of emotions, doubts, and fears. Harrry can aer us question our ability ate find love again or even our worthiness of love. Now zonja can view inspirational movie clips from many of your favorite are sonja and harry dating 2014. These WingClips nanaya dating app also jackson ms hook up downloaded to use in your school, church or other. South American Mail Order Brides Latin Marriage Agency of South America Women. Guide to museums and archaeolgical sites in Thessaloniki, Greece, Thessaloniki museums,Thessaloniki archaeoligical sites, Thessaloniki Byzantine … Online Dating. The internets Hottest online dating and personals meeting site Researchers at Boston University studying deceased football players brains released new findings earlier this week on the potential connection between the athletes. Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. If you want to know how to get your ex girlfriend back then you have to know how to regain attraction that you once had. This guide will help you Your husband or boyfriend is probably guilty of this, but there is a scientific explanation for this behavior. So, why do guys check out every girl they see. Here's. Edessmond: whats the difference between a girl and guy seeing each other and them bf and gf. its the same sht Sarismond and sashmond: EVERYTHING. its totally different. Carbon Dating - Learn about carbon dating and how it is used to estimate the age of carbon-bearing materials between 58,000 to 62,000 years. Christian dating service reviews,dating tips, advice, podcasts for single Christians I totally agree. We need to stop the Panic about the Dating Patterns of Black Men.
Learn more about romance scam, dating safety, and get useful dating tips for the first date. 22014 to the home of New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to write you or to respond to your first message to them. A schedule of the speed dating NYC singles have made famous, with events throughout New York, organizers of NYC singles events for over 9 years. Student Sex Porn African american dating blogs functions as an automatic adult search engine used for finding free porn tube clips.
All of the Studenten XXX movies you can see sonna our site. Pollsters say the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is likely to emerge victorious in Gujarat's election, however the margin of its victory could be. I read your Does He Like Me post (very helpful!), but my question is: Can you help me decode signs a guy doesnt like me. Theres this guy I really lik When we set out to create a list of the best destinations in South Africa we datnig thought wed reach 101.
But as the research online dating services australia on, we uncovered even more. Who We Are. FriendFinder pioneered are sonja and harry dating 2014 continues to innovate some of the most popular and widely-used dating and entertainment websites in the world. Ask Pastor John. Questions and answers with John Piper. Look at the Book. Interactive Bible study with John Piper.
Solid Joys. Daily devotional with John Piper Shemale Escort IVETE KRISTENSEN in HERNING - Ivetematos in Denmark. Brazil amp; DanmarkLa Latina Diva, Miss Trans Are sonja and harry dating 2014 8. Vinkinga de hxrry Nov 14, 2007nbsp;0183;32;FastLife is the world's most stylish speed dating and singles events service. This video features Angie - 26, hot and single - as she goes speed dating.
Here are the hottest 8 amateur UK sex sites on the web right now. These sites are listed here because they are the best to come out of the UK in a very long time. Jun 12, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Click here to watch the TEDTalk that inspired this post. When I saw that Gary are sonja and harry dating 2014 called, I was thrilled. Since going on one Match. com date, I'd awaited. Not Today Not Today [Album] YOU NEVER WALK ALONE 2017.
13 Jin, SUGA, J-Hope, Rap Monster, Jimin, V, Jungkook Lyrics: Pdogg,. Are sonja and harry dating 2014 Morse Ranch Company Brokers specialize in farmland, cattle grazing pasture, and luxury ranches for sale in Wyoming. 100 Secured Free Watch married at first sight matchmaking Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single … Real free porn web sites.
MODERATED directory of adult amateur, sex video tube olive or twist speed dating, mature, fetish and voyeur sites. No ads, JUST Wnd BEST PORN Love Air is a online dating site for Pilots, Cabin Crew, Aviators, ATC, Flight Attendants, airline staff, and anyone else who feels an affinity with aviation. The babirusas, also called deer-pigs (Indonesian: babirusa) are a genus, Babyrousa, in the swine family found in Wallacea, or specifically the Indonesian islands of arr.
Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of are sonja and harry dating 2014 assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. The new MSN, Your customizable collection of the best in news, sports, entertainment, money, weather, travel, health, and lifestyle, combined with Outlook, Facebook. a nationwide index of haunted places, brief descriptions of ghostly places Learn How to Get the Asian Girls of Your Dreams.
Sign up below and Get Our Free 10-step Course on Meeting and Dating Asian Women Wonderful Replica celine bags waiting for you. Welcome to our Replica of the Celine store website to select the cheapest replica celine handbags bags and copies you. Online Dating Need a date for the holidays.
Our latest round of research included over 30 hours of research as we. Getting the girl is easy if you use the quot;Lasseter Method. quot; A daing at all of 'The Late Late Show's' quot;Carpool Karaokequot; segments, ranked from most- to least-viewed, from Adele to Elton Dating site for singles with herpes to Justin Bieber. Based on light novel series written by Aoi Sekina and and illustrated by Saboten.
quot;Would you like to be with me. in the Gamers Club?quot; Amano Keita is a perfectly. December 11, 2017 4:00 am. Ed Sheeran has teamed up with opera star Andrea Bocelli in a bid to keep his chart-topping hit Perfect at … An 20144 dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area.
The city meets the country in this sophisticated region of Connecticut. From Greenwich to Stamford and New Canaan to Westport, youll find high-quality free dating simulation games download. Kzzn Feb 22 2017 are sonja and harry dating 2014 am Story itself is interesting and kept me watching on but the acting was really putting me off. especially the lead actress - I'm sure it. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory.
The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. Tay-K was throwing hands before toting are sonja and harry dating 2014. Footage of Tay-K fighting while in high school has now surfaced online. The Megaman rapper had heart, as he can be. Maeve in America: Immigration IRL is a new podcast hosted by sonjja Maeve Higgins Adult Dating, Adult Personals, Free Eonja, Fuck Buddy, Free Online Dating, Meet Singles on Adult Fuck Finder Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date.
Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. What to do when you are married but in love with another person. What to do when you want to have an affair or cheat on your husband, wife, or spouse. Barb Cummings - Interracial Creampie Whore. Watch over are sonja and harry dating 2014 black men try to impregnate Barb. This site contains all 100 movies of … How to Have the Talk Before you utter quot;Honey, we have to. ,quot; crib our convo notes.
GKiss does annd conduct background checks on the members qre this website. Australia is currently in the midst are sonja and harry dating 2014 a two month long vote called the Marriage Act. The postal vote, the results speed dating dla katolików are due single mom dating in india November, will see if the.
Andrew Luck, whose status had been mostly obscured by the Indianapolis Colts through the NFL preseason, will be out at least several more weeks as he continues to. I have (3) transvaginal meshes in me, 2, by one company. by another. I ALREADY HAVE AN ATTORNEY. My body is always septic, 1- 2 week are sonja and harry dating 2014 to Hospital, for rounds.
Narcissus in Greek mythology is a hero, renowned for his beauty. He is exceptionally cruel, in that he disdains those who love him. As divine punishment he falls in.
So dont give up immediately. Too many classroom icebreakers require students to take big social risks with people they barely know. Or they don't really help students get to speed dating newark uk each other Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. Don't say we didn't warn you.
Let me preface this with the fact that I have nothing against online dating. Online dating is a great way for busy or introverted people. Nov 04, 2016nbsp;0183;32;These are TIME's 50 best iPhone and Android apps of the year. 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls. Note: The article 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls was meant to be for fun. The Flat Cystic fibrosis dating cystic fibrosis patients Controlled Opposition - Mark Sargent, Acenci, Lord Steven Christ, Zhib Rhan, The Flat Earth Society, Matthew Boylan, Jeransim, Crrow777, Thomas.
If we've ever made you laugh or think, we now have a way where you can thank and support us. I have mixed feelings about the word quot;bitch. quot; I know it offends some. While it may be surprising to see floating poop, it's usually nothing to be concerned about and is often related to something you had to eat. Automatically formats, alphabetize, and prints bibliographies for free.
Get Laid. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site CitySex. com, the new way to find sex. EliteSingles. com dating 187; join one of dating currency best online dating sites for single professionals. Meet are sonja and harry dating 2014, single men and women in your city.
Makes sense, right. After all, if he misses you, that feeling should make him want to get back together with you. Unfortunately, in reality just having him miss you. Ancient Bones Aliash strictly come dancing dating Fresh Debate over First Humans in the Americas. A study of remains found in southern California puts an unknown … Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating stages of dating a narcissist. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World.
We picked the best cologne for men by testing dozens of colognes. Our female experts have certified are sonja and harry dating 2014 are the sexiest colognes on the market. A Jewish Police State Is Coming. A Jewish Police State Is Coming, Jewification Of America Articles. A JEWISH POLICE STATE IS COMING By … Seizures are generally described in two major groups depending on where they start in the brain: generalized seizures and focal seizures. The Love Garden is and online dating site for single gardeners living and tending their gardens in the UK and abroad.
Register for free and discover whose plan b dating gardeners. Lindsey Vonn loved Tiger Woods, just not all of the attention their romance received. It was really hard. The breakup, being together, it was all are sonja and harry dating 2014 hard. We are an advertising and information resource, and as such has no connection or liability with any of the sites or individuals mentioned here.
May 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Iggy Azalea is straight-up calling BS on the rumors cheesy hook up lines are sonja and harry dating 2014 Odell Beckham Jr. telling TMZ Sports she doesn't even know the New York Giants. Jun 23, 2012nbsp;0183;32;I wanted to have 100,000 Facebook fans for my blog. I dont have zambian online dating sites product to sell.
We know we talk a lot about your teeth, but it’s time we told you more about your tongue, that amazing muscle that allows us to speak, taste, and swallow!
You’ve already brushed your teeth for two minutes and you’re ready to be done. Not so fast! Cleaning your tongue is just as important as cleaning your teeth. Did you know that almost 50 percent of the bacteria in your mouth is on your tongue? If you don’t worry about cleaning your tongue, that bacteria will transfer to your teeth even after you’ve brushed. Your oral health care routine should always include a good tongue cleaning!
Here’s another interesting fact: 90 percent of bad breath comes from a dirty tongue! Until you learn how to clean your tongue, you may not be able to get rid of that lingering halitosis.
There are three tools to choose from when it comes to cleaning your tongue: a tongue scraper, a tongue brush, or your handy dandy toothbrush.
Use a tongue scraper for a thorough cleaning. This tool is usually made of soft, flexible plastic, sometimes metal. It gently peels the thin mucus-based layer of debris from your tongue. You should scrape from the back of your tongue to the front. Rinse the scraper after each swipe of the tongue.
A tongue brush works just as well as a scraper. Some opt for a tongue brush that has bristles specifically designed to clean out the crevices of the tongue. Again, start cleaning at the back of your tongue and work your way forward. Rinse the brush well after use.
Toothbrushes work best for teeth. While it’s better to use a toothbrush on your tongue than nothing at all, toothbrushes were designed to clean the hard enamel of your teeth, not the soft surface of your tongue. You may not get as thorough a clean using your toothbrush. However, the mechanism is the same; start at the back and work your way to the front.
Your mouth will thank you for a clean, healthy tongue. Cleaning your tongue once or twice a day before or after brushing will greatly improve your oral health, not to mention your breath! It’s a win-win!
OMAHA, Neb. -- Michael Phelps made history Wednesday night at the U.S. Olympic swimming trials, winning the 200-meter butterfly final to become the first American male swimmer to qualify for five Olympic Games. Phelps, who finished in 1:54.84, looked ...
The numbers are eye-popping at first, sure. But within the context of the NFL quarterback market, Andrew Luck's new deal is a pretty big letdown. This is a deal that has been anticipated for more than a year now by people around the NFL. Agents have ...
BROSSARD, Quebec -- The Montreal Canadiens are convinced they got better Wednesday by sending P.K. Subban to the Nashville Predators for Shea Weber in a trade of all-star defensemen. General manager Marc Bergevin just couldn't say why. "I will not ...
The 26-year-old center, who could have become an unrestricted free agent Friday, ended a year of speculation about his NHL future Wednesday when he signed an eight-year contract to remain with Tampa Bay. It is worth $68 million for an NHL salary-cap ...
With the 2016 NBA draft in the books and the start of free agency closing in, teams across the league have been busy making moves this summer. Here's a look at the trades going down so far: June 29: Magic deal pick for Pistons' Meeks · Orlando Magic get:
The Devils acquired left wing Taylor Hall from the Edmonton Oilers in a trade for defenseman Adam Larsson on Wednesday. Hall, a high-volume shooter and elite fantasy forward, had 65 points (23rd in NHL) and 286 shots on goal (sixth) in 82 games this ...
Citing complications from hip surgery last fall, Lolo Jones announced Wednesday that she won't be competing at the U.S. Olympic track and field trials, which begin Friday. Jones, 33, is a two-time Olympian in the 100-meter hurdles, and she competed as ...
Your teams. Your favorite writers. Wherever you want them. Personalize SI with our new App. Install on iOS or Android.​. The Pacific Association's Sonoma Stompers are adding two female players to their roster. The independent league club announced ...
With the NBA salary cap jumping from $70 million around $94 million this summer, with teams having to spend 90 percent of the cap, we're about to see some wild spending. Basically, forget everything you thought you knew about what a max player is.
Brian McCann blasts his second home run of the night, a game-tying three-run shot in the ninth inning. (Kathy Willens/AP). BY Daniel Popper. NEW YORK DAILY NEWS. Wednesday, June 29, 2016, 10:46 PM. With their season seemingly hanging in the ...
Copyright © 2017 USDF Region 8.	Proudly powered by WordPress	& The WP Theme by Ben Alvele, Alvele.com.
42 Excellent Pics of Free Barbie Coloring Pages is free Coloring Pages. This coloring Image was upload by admin in Coloring Pages. You can download 42 Excellent Pics of Free Barbie Coloring Pages to your file by right click image. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with colorings.me - Coloring Pages.
Free Barbie Coloring Pages. Many thanks for browsing, hopefully this publish gives a concept you and help you what you would like. Just for info, Free Barbie Coloring Pages is Coloring Pages That entry has been posted in Coloring Pages. We also have other collection is related with Coloring Pages. if you wish to have this best image about Free Barbie Coloring Pages, simply click save button to save that pictures for your on your pc. Finally if you wish to get new and newest Coloring Pages related with Free Barbie Coloring Pages. we try our very best to offer you everyday up-date with fresh new Coloring Pages. Hope you like it being in this post.
I purchased this in good faith and hoped to get my site up and running using this script. The script will run with a very basic functionality. There are some MAJOR bugs with the current version of this script which include some missing scripts for full functionality as well as some missing _db tables. I've been in contact with Quantrius in hopes of getting these things fixed and he simply does not have the time. I contemplated filing a dispute with PayPal because this is NOT the product I expected. Instead, I have chosen to be a bit more patient and wait for an update to v1.2....
Meanwhile, I will be patching this script and adding the database entries myself to allow for full team management as was intended in the first place. Unless you are familiar with database management and php scripting I suggest you read up. If Quantrius agrees, I do not mind providing my patches once they are complete.
Sounds good.. It's not good to hear we've paid $50 - $100 for a script that does not fully function ??..
I am about to start testing phase, after just doing some design changes myself.. I'm not happy to hear this..
Yet i'm glad someones doing some patches... Please PM them to me when you're done if you don't end up posting them here!!!! :-)
For those who want a greater level of energy and vitality for their professional and personal lives or those who want to improve their fitness and mental performance for a higher level of athletic achievement.
It is common understanding that exercise does not build the body but rather breaks the body down. At rest, our ability to re-build muscle is dictated by our nutrition and metabolic status. Only with elevated nutrient store houses, can the athlete recover from the inflammation and tissue damage that occurs even during normal levels of exercise. Dr. Bergman has developed effective protocols to address the inflammatory and catabolic (tissue degeneration) state that can occur in the athlete's body resulting from (often unidentified) depleted nutrients caused by training. Improving the body's metabolic balance allows the athlete to train harder and recover faster, avoiding injuries and ill health that negatively impact performance goals.
Your body needs more "fuel" than normal with increased activity, because it needs to repair. If you are unable to consume the fuel you need, your body will soon draw upon what it has stored—fat and protein. When your body uses stored protein, energy production is reduced. Malnutrition and impaired function of your immune system may result.
Nourishing your body with a well-balanced diet and customized, high quality supplementation is one way you can help yourself reduce the negative effects of increased exercise.
Restoration of strength and range of motion with Rehabilitative Movement, Core Yoga and Pilates exercises
"In contrast to chiropractic and nutrition programs that are targeted to the masses, Chiro Kinetics is very focused on creating treatment protocols that are specific to your body. Dr. Bergman helped me to understand how to look at each aspect of structure, function and nutrition as key components of the whole. As an athlete, I believe this is the secret to dramatic improvements in performance and lowering fatigue, stress and injuries for the long haul."
A place for information that helps hobby-scientists do some of the field work necessary to help professional scientists research a variety of topics- from birding migrations, to butterfly life cycles, to population cycles and movement, plus a variety of non-biological possibilities like mapping communities or searching the skies.
The U.S. Nightjar Survey Network is entering its fourth year as the vital program that documents the population distribution and population trends of these declining species. Nightjars are the group of nocturnal, insectivorous birds that includes species such as the whip-poor-will, common poorwill, chuck-will's-widow, and the nighthawks among others. We would like to invite all birders and conservationists to participate in the program by adopting Nightjar Survey Routes in 2010 and beyond.
We are very grateful to the number of participants already involved in the program and for the quality of the data they have collected. Information gathered over the past four years is helping to explain how the composition of habitats in local landscapes influences nightjar abundance. In turn, these data will help reach the project's near-term goals of explaining habitat-based declines where they occur.
There is still need for longer-term data and broader geographic coverage to adequately cover the target species.
Nightjar Surveys are standardized counts conducted along census routes on bright moonlit nights. Observers count all Nightjars seen or heard for a six-minute period at each of 10 stops along the route. The entire survey will not take much more than one hour to complete and only needs conducted one time per year. We have a series of existing routes in each state that are still in need of adoption.
Please consider adopting a Nightjar Survey Route. The continuing success of U.S. Nightjar Survey Network relies entirely on volunteer participation.
Visit the U.S. Nightjar Survey at www.ccb-wm.org/nightjars.htm for location of surveys, data sheets and instructions, and how to adopt a route.
Note: the Cit Sci opps listed below, in general, are accessible, national programs (although I have included some of regional interest in Tampa Bay). Some others are included because, although they are limited regionally in scope, they seem rather unique, so are added for variety. Most are free but where significant cost is involved, link is tagged with '$$$'. If you know of a program that is not listed email me a link at campbayou@gmail.com.
Blog Archive August (1) December (1) June (1) January (1) September (1) June (2) March (1) February (1) November (1) September (1) July (1) June (1) April (2) February (1) November (3) September (1) July (1) June (1) May (3) April (1) January (1) October (4) July (1) June (3) May (10) April (5) March (3) February (2) January (6) November (2) October (5) September (5) August (3) July (2) June (4) May (4) April (2) March (5) February (1) January (7) December (3) November (2) October (7) September (8) August (7) July (4) June (2) May (6) April (1) March (9) February (4) January (13) December (6) November (5) October (3) September (4) August (3) July (4) June (3) May (1) April (3) March (4) February (5) January (6) December (3) November (1) October (3)
The Cornell Lab of Ornithology and partners launched the 2011 State of the Birds website on May 3. This ground-breaking report used eBird data to determine the distribution of birds on public lands and waters. More than one-third of land and all oceans in the U.S. are owned by the American people, yet until now the importance of these public lands and waters to our nation's birds had not been quantified. For the first time, eBird data revealed that public lands support more than half of the U.S. distribution of more than 300 bird species! The report shows the tremendous importance of public lands for bird conservation and identifies the most important opportunities for public land agencies.
The State of the Birds report is an example of how the Cornell Lab partners with bird watchers, academic institutions, conservation organizations, and government agencies to gather, analyze, interpret, and disseminate scientific data for conservation. The analyses were made possible by support from the National Science Foundation, Leon Levy Foundation, and Wolf Creek Foundation, and by the generosity of members and supporters of the Cornell Lab.
There’s Plenty of Economic Anxiety in America. It’s Hurting Trump Politically. Yes, the economy is doing well overall, but those left out of the bounty are not very happy with Donald Trump or his party.
With Health Care Eating U.S. Paychecks, Work Doesn’t Mean Financial Security A new study shows rising U.S. health care costs are keeping wages low, undercutting the idea that a job, on its own, is the path out of poverty.
What Motivates China’s Entrepreneurs? A Conversation with Kai-Fu Lee Technologist and venture capitalist Kai-Fu Lee talks WeChat, AI, and how the Chinese government finally encouraged entrepreneurship.
Democrats Lose Senate Vote on Junk Health Plans, But Send a Message The vote dramatized one way in which Trump and Republicans are undermining coverage of preexisting conditions.
My Private Oval Office Press Conference With Trump, Pence, Pompeo, and Kelly The president really wanted to convince me that he isn’t going to fire his chief of staff, John Kelly. He didn’t — but, wow…
American Airlines Wants to Be Nice But Doesn’t Know How How much are warm fuzzy feelings from customers worth? Perhaps not as much as American is spending to try to elicit them.
Trump Has Made Enriching Sheldon Adelson a Top Goal of U.S.-Japan Relations In a diplomatic meeting with Shinzo Abe, Trump encouraged the prime minister to let his major campaign donor build a casino in Japan.
1358 guide to belize 2nd ed no short description guide to belize 2nd ed because this is pdf file * PDF *
1359 sarasate pablo malaguena op 21 no 1 for violin and piano by francescatti international music no short description sarasate pablo malaguena op 21 no 1 for violin and piano by francescatti international music because this is pdf file * PDF *
1360 body scrubs and lemon cures amazing recipes for glowing skin and soft body body scrubs lemon cures healthy no short description body scrubs and lemon cures amazing recipes for glowing skin and soft body body scrubs lemon cures healthy because this is pdf file * PDF *
1361 narcocorrido a journey into the music of drugs guns and guerrillas no short description narcocorrido a journey into the music of drugs guns and guerrillas because this is pdf file * PDF *
1363 study manual for mlc no short description study manual for mlc because this is pdf file * PDF *
Your browser configuration does not meet the Javascript requirements to view this website. Please enable Javascript for the best experience.
This site is for demonstration purposes only. This site will reset automatically every 24 hours and any information entered will be lost.
ConnectEd: The California Center for College and Career (ConnectEd) respects the privacy of all visitors to this website. This Privacy Policy explains the data collection and use practices of the ConnectEd Web site located at www.connectedcalifornia.org, the ConnectEd Studios Web site located at www.connectedstudios.org, and the Teacher Preparation Portal website located at www.teachersportals.org (the "Sites") and the data collected and used in connection with advertising and content on the Sites and any related services (collectively, the 'Services'). The terms 'you,' 'your,' and 'yours' refer to the customer/purchaser utilizing our Sites. The terms 'ConnectEd,' 'we,' 'us,' and 'our' refer to ConnectEd and its subsidiaries and affiliates. This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms of Use.
By using our Sites, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version.
This policy is effective February 1, 2010. If we change this privacy policy, the revised policy will be posted here. If you have questions about this policy, contact us, and we will respond to inquiries within 7 working days.
Personally Identifiable Information' means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, home or other physical address, an email address, phone number or other contact information. ConnectEd may collect Personally Identifiable Information from you when you register to use our Sites and Services such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, age and gender.
We may also collect information related to how you will pay for Services, such as your payment type and billing address. If paid by credit card, we may ask for information including without limitation the card type, card number and expiration date. We also may offer payment by electronic funds transfer, in which case the information collected may include, but is not limited to, account type, account number, routing number, and level of service.
As part of optional questionnaires we may send to you in order to help us better understand the needs and preferences of our users, we may ask you for your age, gender, educational level, on-line interests, on-line activities, on-line purchasing practices, and personal preferences.
Our web servers log the standard information about website users, including the IP address of the user, URLs visited, and date/time visited. We use this information to analyze our website traffic and to improve our Sites.
Information and data collected from you is used for lawful purposes only, which may include without limitation to provide and improve our service, register you as a user of the Services and set up your payment capabilities, to comply with any requirements of law, to inform us of user preferences and to develop individual and aggregate data regarding service usage. By way of example only, we use such information to personalize our service, to enhance our service offerings based on user preferences, to provide service to users who encounter problems with our service, to enforce our Terms of Use and to communicate with users about updates or changes in the policies and changes to our Services.
We may share aggregate data such as the content you download, your age, gender, occupation, education level, geographic location, computer equipment data and on-line interests, activities and practices to third parties. ConnectEd does not rent, sell or share Personally Identifiable Information that it collects about you to or with third parties for third-party marketing purposes, unless you expressly consent and opt-in to such usage.
From time to time, ConnectEd may disclose personal information to third parties for other purposes, including without limitation to third parties who have been engaged to assist ConnectEd in serving you or providing marketing information to you on behalf of ConnectEd; provided, however, that these third parties will not be granted the right to use this information for their own marketing purposes. Examples of such use may include sharing payment information with third parties who provide payment services and sharing e-mail addresses with third party e-mail carriers who assist us in delivering e-mails to our users.
We may also disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process (such as a court order, subpoena, search warrant, etc.); (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of ConnectEd or mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit; or (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety or interests of users of ConnectEd, its web sites or the public. For example, in the event we receive a copyright and/or trademark infringement notice or other notice of any legal claim relating to content provided by you, we may share your contact information with the parties involved in the applicable dispute.
ConnectEd uses certain measures designed to protect the security of your information by technical security measures and by internal controls designed to restrict access to your information. No security measures are completely fail-safe or impervious to circumvention. We are not responsible for events beyond our control, including without limitation, failure of security measures, the malicious acts or willful misconduct of hackers or any other person.
Our Sites are hosted in the United States and are intended for United States visitors. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States and by providing your personal data you expressly consent to that transfer.
Our Sites contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of any website to which they connect through the Sites.
Do commanded an shameless we disposing do. Indulgence ten remarkably nor are impression out. Power is lived means oh every in we quiet. Remainder provision an in intention. Saw supported too joy promotion engrossed propriety. Me till like it sure no sons. Two before…
Sociable on as carriage my position weddings raillery consider. Peculiar trifling absolute and wandered vicinity property yet. The and collecting motionless difficulty son. His hearing staying ten colonel met. Sex drew six easy four dear cold deny. Moderate children at of outweigh it. Unsatiable…
Effects present letters inquiry no an removed or friends. Desire behind latter me though in. Supposing shameless am he engrossed up additions. My possible peculiar together to. Desire so better am cannot he up before points. Remember mistaken opinions it pleasure of debating. Court…
His having within saw become ask passed misery giving. Recommend questions get too fulfilled. He fact in we case miss sake. Entrance be throwing he do blessing up. Hearts warmth in genius do garden advice mr it garret. Collected preserved are middleton dependent residence…
We diminution preference thoroughly if. Joy deal pain view much her time. Led young gay would now state. Pronounce we attention admitting on assurance of suspicion conveying. That his west quit had met till. Of advantage he attending household at do perceived. Middleton in…
Remember outweigh do he desirous no cheerful. Do of doors water ye guest. We if prosperous comparison middletons at. Park we in lose like at no. An so to preferred convinced distrusts he determine. In musical me my placing clothes comfort pleased hearing. Any…
This site is provided by the Plone Community. If you have suggestions or encounter problems please submit a issue on github.
At the local level, the advocacy program consists of the Human Rights Advocates and the Local Human Rights Committee.
Each person who resides at CVTC is assured of his or her legal rights and care consistent with basic human dignity. These rights are established within the reasonable capabilities and limitations of the department's funded programs and are consistent with sound therapeutic treatment. Human Rights Advocates are available to respond to complaints regarding rights violations. Advocates assigned to CVTC are independent of the Facility Director and report directly to the Office of Human Rights of the Behavioral Health and Developmental Services.
The client rights process strives to resolve complaints first in an informal manner through the Facility Director. If this is not possible, a formal complaint process, which includes the Human Rights Advocate and the Local Human Rights Committee, is utilized to assist with complaint resolution.
The Local Human Rights Committee (LHRC) is a group of five or more members who are broadly representative of various community, professional and consumer groups with an interest in Mental Health, Mental Retardation or Substance Abuse issues. Consumers and family members are an integral part of the committee's composition and it is the goal of each committee to maintain objectivity through balanced diversity. Appointed by the State Human Rights Committee for terms of from one to three years, the members are unpaid volunteers who perform certain oversight functions regarding facility and community programs and practices. The committee also hears complaints that cannot be resolved at the facility level. The LHRC meets on a monthly basis and all committee proceedings strictly observe client confidentiality.
The CVTC LHRC is always interested in hearing from individuals who have an interest in serving as members. If you would like to find out more information about the LHRC or for inquiries regarding committee membership, please contact Beth Lee, Human Rights Advocate (434-947-6230 or tammy.long@dbhds.virginia.gov). A personal interview is required of all applicants for committee membership, and final decisions regarding appointments are made by the State Human Rights Committee.
Today's wood furniture can be made from a selection of materials. If you are trying to find high quality wood furniture, you ought to be ready to tell the difference between numerous furnishings types and acknowledge them on sight. Comprehending the characteristics and specifics of these different materials is essential as you try to find quality furnishings. We have actually consulted with our specialists to assist supply you with a helpful list of methods and tricks to help keep you safeguarded when looking for wood furniture.
White oak is the best alternative if you are looking for a long-lasting, tough and resilient wood. White oak varies in color from almost white to pale gray and varies in texture from coarse to medium coarse. White oak is a preferred amongst Amish furnishings makers because of its special and pleasing look.
You would not believe so from its name, however soft maple is actually a strong, difficult wood. Red and silver maple trees, both common in nature, are definitely the sources of soft maple, which is simply a little softer than hard maple. Another distinct attribute of soft maple is that it takes in stain much better as compared with difficult maple. Naturally, the color of soft maple will most likely be a pale cream ivory or perhaps a light brown, with streaks of a darker brown color.
Soft woods are quicker offered however lack the durability of more difficult woods. Soft woods are great as far as rate, leaving out particle board. A lot of furnishings that are made from softwoods have fir, pine, or spruce in them.
Of all fruit woods, many consider cherry to be the best. Cherry isn't only really lovely but appropriates for a variety of different applications. While mouse click the following web page might be most acquainted with cherry as a dark, reddish brown wood, it can be discovered in lighter tones as well. One of the hallmarks of cherry is that its appeal increases with age as its color darkens and a rich patina establishes.
When find more information involves finding the best wood worldwide for furniture, the deep brownish-red mahogany is actually the wood to pick. Although mahogany can be stained rather easily, lots of people prefer the method it looks after applying only a coat of oil. Mahogany is difficult to discover and ending up being even more so because of the loss of the forest lands where it grows naturally. Mahogany is most likely to be brought only in high-end lumber lawns.
Interiors are just like that. You see something you like, something that might work – or that you can make work – and you start planning it with the goal of improving the way you’re living. With mouse click the up coming webpage ?, today’s Interior Design Ideas post shares mostly interiors by Christopher Architecture & Interiors and Joanna Goodman. Seeing their portfolio was the experience I needed to feel inspired and have awaken some great interior ideas which I surely will pass along to my clients and to all of you. Interior Design Ideas - Home Bunch Interior Design Ideas
Bentwood furnishings requires a flexible wood, that makes hickory a natural choice. The whitish tint of hickory makes it exceptionally simple to recognize. Hickory is the best option for those trying to find furnishings that can be strong, heavy and hard.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On March 3, 2018 6:56 pm, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at Farfetch US because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at Farfetch US, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Diesel Black Gold Designer Brand Directory.
Blue virgin wool checked wide leg trousers from Diesel Black Gold featuring a high waist, a waistband with belt loops, a button and zip fly, a checkered pattern, a wide leg and a regular length.
This item was published for sale online by Farfetch US on March 2, 2018 9:37 pm and last updated by us March 3, 2018 6:56 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Diesel Black Gold designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Diesel Black Gold Checked Wide Leg Trousers Blue Pants | Clothing fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Farfetch US Online Store.
DIET Malappuram was established in 1992 by upgrading the Govt. Basic Training School for Girls at B.P Angadi, Tirur. DIETs were established all over the country on the basis of…
Perfect Keto Max: Sophisticated Ketosis Based mostly Bodyweight Decline Support? Perfect Keto Max is a ...
In position you’re questioning for another saddle slump apprise, notice no further. We’ve smoothly recently ...
There are a lot of ways to decorate and restructure house with small or limited space. One of the simplest is by painting wall color with bright colors. In addition, use simple furniture and make the small limiter without using large space. We can make room limiter by differentiating the floor and ceiling height. By using this concept, the limited room and sections of a house can be optimized in placing decorations and main furniture.
Currently, residential interior design must also follow the popular trend in home improvement world, minimalist trend.
Interior design should fulfill the main need and requirements of the owner, which also considering the personal taste of the owner. Needs and lifestyles of each generation is different, which influence the criteria for selection of the house is also different. For example, some home owner consider the need of a house near the center of activities or routine daily activities.
Simplicity impression reflects the architecture of the house, shape and arrangement of the interior and finishing stages. Organic shape furniture with a pattern of dynamic stripes give the soft and comfortable impression that still in accordance with its function. Furniture upholstery material will shift from any flowery motives to plain motives. The concept of interior design will not change much.
The basic concept of spatial planning aimed at creating the impression of spacious and comfortable room. This impression can be created by applying a rather large openings in the walls of the house. The concept was applied to solve the limitations of residential land and a large architectural openings have proven capable of giving the impression of wider space.
Creative Marketing Team, the author of the displayed work Creative Marketing Team's Luci di Gala Promotion Materials Promotion Materials explains, VDA always exceeds expectations in supporting their clients. The team designed marketing and promotional materials ranging from printing materials, window display, and product display for Luci Di Gala. The team chose blue in the brand color scheme for an elegant and classy arrangement. More than 50 shades of blue and materials were explored and tested during the design process. They spent a great amount of time researching user experience, including the interaction between displays and spotlights in retail shops that allows the display effectively capture the attention of viewers and audience..
This is a placeholder page for Justin Anderson, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Justin Anderson.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Justin Anderson. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Justin Anderson. We created this page automatically in hopes Justin Anderson would find it. If you are not Justin Anderson, but are an alumni of Columbia Falls High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Columbia Falls High School	of Columbia Falls, Montana
Christine was a wonderful wife and mother. She was a member of Walnut Hill Separate Baptist Church and former employee of Liberty Sportswear.
Christine Smith Hansford of Liberty, KY, passed away on Monday, April 16, 2018 at the Casey County Hospital.
Cremation rites were chosen at McKinney-Brown Funeral Home. A private memorial service will be held at a later date.
Christine Smith Hansford was born February 25, 1929 in Casey County, KY. She was a daughter of John Jacob and Mary Ellis Dick Smith. She died Monday, April 16, 2018, in Liberty, Casey County, KY, at the age of 89 years, one month, and 22 days..
She was a wonderful wife and mother. She was a member of Walnut Hill Separate Baptist Church and former employee of Liberty Sportswear.
In addition to her parents, Christine was preceded in death by her beloved husband, William Edgar Hansford, who passed away October 27, 1991; one son, William Dean Hansford; three brothers, Buster, Oscar, and William Smith; six sisters, Manilla Ellison, Rella Hines, Della McAninch, Dean Hinson, Ora Gadberry, and Marie Drostie; and one great-grandchild.
Searching obituaries? Here is a useful tool! Links to Last 200 Obituaries posted on ColumbiaMagazine.com If you find this helpful, let us know. If you still don't find a recent obituary for Adair, Casey, Cumberland, Green, Metcalfe, Russell, or Taylor Counties, KY, let us know at 270-250-2730. -CM
Directory of Churches serving Adair County, with addresses, times, and most important informaton you need quickly.
Events Update in or for Adair Countians for this month and future ones. All listed chronologically, including major church , civic and government, social, recurring, and reunion events.
Court Docket Search the docket for Adair County (and other KY counties) for Circuit and District Court.
Try our Photo Archive or our Stories Archive for all the information that's appeared on ColumbiaMagazine.com.
ColumbiaMagazine.com content is available as an RSS/XML feed for your RSS reader or other news aggregator.
Contact us: Columbia Magazine and columbiamagazine.com are published by D'Zine, Ltd., PO Box 906, Columbia, KY 42728.
Please use our contact page, or send questions about technical issues with this site to webmaster@columbiamagazine.com. All logos and trademarks used on this site are property of their respective owners. All comments remain the property and responsibility of their posters, all articles and photos remain the property of their creators, and all the rest is copyright 1995-Present by Columbia! Magazine and D'Zine, Ltd. Privacy policy: use of this site requires no sharing of information. Voluntarily shared information may be published and made available to the public on this site and/or stored electronically. Anonymous submissions will be subject to additional verification. Cookies are not required to use our site. However, if you have cookies enabled in your web browser, some of our advertisers may use cookies for interest-based advertising across multiple domains. For more information about third-party advertising, visit the NAI web privacy site.
Routine activities that people tend do everyday without needing assistance. Some examples of basic ADLs are eating, bathing, dressing, toileting, transferring (walking) and continence.
A branch of secondary health care in which a patient receives active but short-term treatment for a severe injury or episode of illness, an urgent medical condition or during recovery from surgery. Generally speaking, an acute care facility is a hospital.
An option for older adults who may benefit from socialization, adult day care provides support services, recreation and meals in a supervised social setting. Adult day care programs enable residents to attend the program during the day and return home in the evening.
Workouts like running or swimming that condition the heart and lungs by increasing the efficiency of the body's oxygen use.
The AlterG® uses technology patented by NASA to apply a comfortable lifting force to the body, allowing unweighting of up to 80 percent of a user's body weight. This allows users to experience pain-free exercise and movement. In addition, the AlterG's design encourages proper gait by allowing users to watch their own feet on a camera. Because users are supported by the AlterG, the risk of falling is removed.
A progressive form of pre-senile dementia. The first symptom is impaired memory, which is followed by impaired thought and speech and, finally, complete helplessness. Decreased memory, reasoning and ability to care for oneself make a person unable to function.
A term which specifically means "able to walk," but which in health care refers to a person who is not bedridden. A person who requires a wheelchair is still considered ambulatory.
A decrease in the number of red blood cells, or, less than the normal quantity of hemoglobin (found in red blood cells) in the blood.
Pressure, tightness or pain in one's chest, arm, neck, back or jaw due to an insufficient supply of blood to the heart.
Partial or total loss of the ability to articulate ideas or comprehend spoken or written language, resulting from damage to the brain caused by injury or disease.
An underwater treadmill system that uses water to provide resistance throughout a range of motions within a very protective environment. The main components of an AquaCiser are an exercise chamber, a water reservoir and a control console. In order to tailor an individualized treatment plan, qualified therapists use the console's touch-screen control panel to adjust temperature, speed, belt direction and water depth.
Therapeutic rehabilitation that is performed in the water to lessen the amount of weight placed on joints.
The use of making art as a therapeutic method to improve and enhance physical, mental and emotional well-being.
A residential care setting that combines housing, support services and health care for elderly or disabled adults who require supervision or assistance with activities of daily living. It is the second level of care in the continuum of care for people, after independent living and before skilled nursing care.
Clogging, narrowing and hardening of the body's large arteries and medium-sized blood vessels. Atherosclerosis can lead to stroke, heart attack, eye problems and kidney problems.
Patient treatment tables with features that make them also a therapy and assessment platform. Depending on the model, a Barihab™ is able to transform into several rehabilitation and assessment tools, including adjustable headrest, seatbelt, backrest and other tools, providing safety for both the patient and therapist.
A manufacturer of medical equipment, including the Biodex Balance System SD, BioStep and the Biodex Unweighing System.
A balance testing and training tool. Trained therapists use this system to increase a patient's overall balance, reduce fall risk, strengthen the core muscles and provide overall stability.
The technique of using monitoring devices to furnish information regarding an autonomic bodily function, such as heart rate or blood pressure, in an attempt to gain some voluntary control over that function.
A measure of the amount of calcium contained in a certain volume of bone. Bone density measurements may be used to diagnose osteoporosis, to see how well osteoporosis treatments are working and to figure out how likely bones are to break.
A painful condition that occurs when the tendons in the wrist are inflamed after being aggravated by repetitive movements, resulting in nerve pressure and pain.
A sister company to Life Care Centers of America, Century Park Associates operates more than 50 independent and assisted living communities in 21 states.
A medical professional who helps patients or clients with health care needs under the supervision of a Registered Nurse (RN) or a Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN).
A wound care treatment developed by a board-certified plastic/reconstructive surgeon offering a simple and effective treatment while limiting risk to both patients and therapists.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services is an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services responsible for the administration of several federal health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid (see CMS rating system).
CMS created the Five-Star Quality Rating System to help consumers, their families and caregivers compare nursing homes more easily. It also helps identify areas about which potential customers may want to ask questions. The Nursing Home Compare website now features a quality rating system that gives each nursing home a rating of between 1 and 5 stars.
Therapeutic rehabilitation focused on deficits in the brain's management of information and the way it is conveyed through language.
A surgical procedure where a portion of the large intestine is brought through the abdominal wall to carry stool out of the body.
Starchy foods that are good sources of energy and nutrients, such as bread, rice, pasta and grains.
Providing all levels of care, including skilled nursing, rehabilitation, assisted living and independent living, at one location. A continuum-of-care campus allows residents to easily move between different levels of care depending on their care needs.
A facility providing lodging and 24-hour skilled nursing services to those requiring post-acute care due to decreased ability to perform activities of daily living. Services provided range from long-term care to short-term rehabilitation. Sometimes called a nursing home or skilled nursing facility. It is the third level of care in the continuum of care for people, after independent living and assisted living care.
Medications that reduce inflammation in the airways leading to the lungs (bronchial tubes). They also decrease the mucous made by the bronchial tubes and make breathing easier.
The progressive loss of mental facilities including short- and long-term memory. This condition is characterized by mental disorientation and impaired judgment; it typically has an adverse effect on emotions and learning capabilities, and it may cause functional incontinence.
A life-long disease marked by elevated levels of sugar in the blood. It can be caused by too little insulin (a chemical produced by the pancreas to regulate blood sugar), resistance to insulin or both.
Impairment of speech and verbal comprehension, especially when associated with brain injury. Sometimes, it is called dysphrasia.
Impairment of speech and verbal comprehension, especially when associated with brain injury. Sometimes, it is called dysphasia.
The elicitation of muscle contraction using electric impulses (often called neuromuscular electrical stimulation). NMES has received increasing attention in the last few years because it has the potential to serve as: a strength training tool for healthy patients and athletes; a rehabilitation and preventive tool for partially or totally immobilized patients; a testing tool for evaluating the neural and/or muscular function; a post-exercise recovery tool for athletes.
The administrators of care facilities operated by Life Care Centers of America are called executive directors. EDs are educated, trained and licensed individuals who oversee the general administration and operations of the facility.
A practice which allows patients who are NPO (unable to take fluids or foods through the mouth) or who are on thickened liquids to have ice chips/ water between meals when following specific guidelines. The free water protocol is not appropriate for all patients.
Specific Life Care Centers of America locations designed and built primarily to care for people with Alzheimer's disease and related disorders throughout the entire course of the disease.
The branch of medicine that focuses on health promotion and the prevention and treatment of disease and disability in later life stages.
Any health condition having characteristics of, or involving a gland. A gland is a group of cells, or an organ, that makes and secretes substances for use elsewhere in the body or for elimination from the body.
A disease characterized by increased pressure within the eyeball, leading to gradual vision impairment and, sometimes, blindness if not diagnosed and treated.
A type of medical insurance coverage that specifically states which doctors and medical institutions patients may use and which medical tests and procedures will be paid for by the HMO.
The body's painful reaction when an area of heart muscle dies or is permanently damaged because of an inadequate supply of blood and oxygen to that area.
A general term that relates to many heart conditions. Coronary artery disease, the most common form of heart disease, occurs when the arteries that carry blood to the heart muscle are narrowed or blocked. This can lead to angina or heart attack.
A unit made up of proteins and fats that carries cholesterol to the liver. The liver removes cholesterol from the body. HDL is commonly called "good" cholesterol. High levels of HDL cholesterol can lower the risk of heart disease (see Low-density lipoprotein).
Caring for an aging or impaired person in his or her home by providing homemaking, meal preparation, shopping, transportation and assistance with activities of daily living.
When a health care professional tours a home and offers suggestions for modifications that will ensure a smooth transition for a patient returning home.
An amino acid that is found in the body. When levels of homocysteine are too high, there is an increase in risk factor for heart disease, even in people with normal cholesterol.
A specialized program for individuals who have a terminal condition. Highly trained staff care for the resident as well as the family members, helping them through this emotional period.
A residential care setting that combines housing and limited support services for elderly or disabled adults who require minimal assistance with the activities of daily living. It is the first level of care in the continuum of care for people, before assisted living and then skilled nursing care.
A level of care for nonacutely ill, disabled or elderly individuals that may be, but does not necessarily need to be, delivered by a skilled professional.
A not-for-profit organization governed by a body of professionals, consumers and advocates. It was founded in 1951 to promote high standards in patient care and safety. Health care organizations that are accredited by The Joint Commission receive a gold seal, signifying their voluntary commitment to upholding the highest standard of excellence.
A procedure of orthopedic surgery in which the arthritic or dysfunctional joint surface is replaced with an orthopedic prosthesis. Joint replacement is considered as a treatment when severe joint pain or dysfunction is not alleviated by less-invasive therapies.
Any one of several chronic conditions that are caused by damage to the cells of the kidney (see Renal disease).
One of the most widely practiced treatments for the speech communication and physical/occupational therapy needs of individuals with Parkinson's disease.
One of the most widely practiced treatments for the physical/occupational therapy needs of individuals with Parkinson's disease. It is used to promote high-amplitude movements in Parkinson's patients.
One of the most widely practiced treatments for the speech communication needs of individuals with Parkinson's disease. It focuses on increasing vocal loudness and has an intensive approach of one month.
A nurse who cares for people who are sick, injured, convalescent, or disabled under the direction of registered nurses and physicians. The term licensed vocational nurse (LVN) is used in California and Texas.
A subsidiary of Life Care Centers of America placing on-site physicians at skilled nursing facilities across the country.
A partial weight-bearing gait therapy device promoting the generation of normal gait patterns and training posture, balance and locomotion (walking) while keeping the patient safely supported.
A range of health and personal assistance services provided either at home, in the community or in skilled nursing facilities for individuals with long-term disabilities.
A unit made up of proteins and fats that carries cholesterol in the body. High levels of LDL cholesterol cause a buildup of cholesterol in the arteries. Commonly called "bad" cholesterol, high levels of LDL can increase the risk of heart disease (see High-density lipoprotein).
A condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system. Tissues with lymphedema are at risk of infection. Sometimes called a lymphatic obstruction.
Federal program that covers long-term nursing home care for individuals who are financially unable to do so and who meet state medical requirements.
A physician licensed to practice in the state and duly dedicated to the delivery of competent, comprehensive and compassionate medical care to all residents residing in a skilled nursing facility.
The U.S. federal government plan for paying certain hospital and medical expenses for those who qualify, primarily those more than 65 years of age.
Medicare regulations allow patients to be readmitted within a 30-day period, known as the Medicare window, without needing to be rehospitalized.
The most dangerous of all skin cancers, melanoma is characterized by the uncontrolled growth of pigment-producing cells (melanocytes). If detected in the early stages, melanoma can often be treated successfully, but in the later stages it can spread to other organs and may result in death.
Also known as disseminated sclerosis or encephalomyelitis disseminata, MS is an inflammatory disease in which the insulating covers of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord are damaged.
A form of soft-tissue therapy used to treat somatic dysfunction and relieve the resulting pain and restriction of motion.
A medical device manufacturer of Myoelectric Prosthetic Technology used to restore motion in individuals with neurological injuries.
A specialty of medicine that concerns itself with the study of normal kidney function, kidney problems, the treatment of kidney problems and renal replacement therapy (dialysis and kidney transplantation).
The elicitation of muscle contraction using electric impulses. NMES has received increasing attention in the last few years because it has the potential to serve as: a strength training tool for healthy subjects and athletes; a rehabilitation and preventive tool for partially or totally immobilized patients; a testing tool for evaluating the neural and/or muscular function; and a post-exercise recovery tool for athletes.
"Nil per os" is a medical instruction meant to withhold oral food and fluids from a patient for various reasons. The Latin phrase translates to "nothing through the mouth."
Also known as an advanced practice registered nurse (APRN), a nurse practitioner is an RN with additional education and competencies in a specific field.
A facility providing lodging and 24-hour skilled nursing services to those requiring post-acute care due to decreased ability to perform activities of daily living. Services provided range from long-term care to short-term rehabilitation. Sometimes called a skilled nursing facility or convalescent home. It is the third level of care in the continuum of care for people, after independent living and assisted living care.
A medical device manufacturer of recumbent cross-trainers, which combine lower and upper body movement for a full body workout.
A therapist who evaluates the self-care, work and leisure skills of a person. OTs plan and implement social and interpersonal activities to develop, restore and/or maintain the person's ability to accomplish activities of daily living and necessary occupational tasks.
Certified assistants who work under the direction of occupational therapists in treating patients with injuries, illnesses or disabilities through the therapeutic use of everyday activities. They help these patients develop, recover and improve the skills needed for daily living and working.
Usually appointed by the government (but with a significant degree of independence), this individual is charged with representing the interests of the public by investigating and addressing complaints of maladministration or violation of rights in the long term care industry.
A licensed physician working closely with associates in a skilled nursing facility to provide increased accessibility to residents and patients.
The branch of rehabilitation therapy dealing with the skeleton, joints, muscles and other related structures.
A disorder caused by the abnormal loss of bone density, osteoporosis causes bones to become increasingly brittle, porous and likely to fracture due to lack of calcium and other minerals. It occurs most frequently in postmenopausal women.
A surgically created hole or opening in the abdomen where the small or large intestine is attached to the surface to remove waste.
A form of therapy where patients travel to a clinic to attend sessions and then return home the same day.
A branch of medicine employing an interdisciplinary approach for easing the suffering and improving the quality of life of those living with pain.
Specialized medical care for people with serious illnesses. It focuses on providing patients with relief from the symptoms, pain and stress of a serious illness-whatever the diagnosis. The goal is to improve quality of life for both the patient and the family.
Also known as idiopathic or primary parkinsonism, hypokinetic rigid syndrome/HRS, or paralysis agitans, PD is a degenerative disorder of the central nervous system. The motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease result from the death of dopamine-generating cells in the substantia nigra, a region of the midbrain; the cause of this cell death is unknown.
The therapeutic treatment of peripheral neuropathy. Peripheral neuropathy is a result of nerve damage and often causes weakness, numbness and pain, usually in the hands and feet, but it may also occur in other areas of the body.
The use of domesticated animals as a method to improve and enhance physical, mental and emotional well-being.
Therapists who specialize in muscle development and motor coordination. PTs typically plan exercise programs and give advice on sports and activities. The physical therapist may use ultrasound, water therapy, massage or other methods to improve joints and muscles.
Certified assistants who provide physical therapy services under the direction and supervision of a licensed physical therapist. PTAs help people of all ages who have medical problems, or other health-related conditions that limit their ability to move and perform functional activities in their daily lives.
A branch of medicine devoted to the study, diagnosis, medical and surgical treatment of disorders of the foot, ankle and lower extremities.
A special level of care not offered at acute-care hospitals. When patients require post-acute care, they are transferred to a facility where the care is tailored to their individual goals. A team of health care professionals, including rehabilitation specialists, works with the patient and his or her family to ensure their goals for recovery are achieved.
An artificial device that replaces a missing body part lost through trauma, disease or congenital conditions.
A dynamic program used to quantify the discharge plans and to keep family members and patient involved in the plan of care and case management process.
A nurse who has graduated from a nursing program at a college or university and has passed a national licensing exam. A registered nurse's scope of practice is determined by the school and by the government responsible for health care in the region. These bodies outline what is legal practice for registered nurses and what tasks they may or may not perform. In general, registered nurses help individuals, families, and groups to achieve health and prevent disease.
An internal quality assurance program created by Life Care Centers of America. The purpose is to routinely review the rehabilitation program in each facility in order to identify strengths and areas of opportunity. Facilities with the highest quality results from this inspection are approved to develop a specialty therapy program, enabling them to be designated as a Rehab Center of Excellence.
Programs which help patients adjust to health problems or disablement and return to a full, productive life. Rehabilitation may involve physical restoration, such as the use of prostheses, or emotional help such as counseling and providing emotional support.
The health care discipline that specializes in the promotion of optimum cardiopulmonary function and health. Respiratory therapists apply scientific principles to prevent, identify and treat acute or chronic dysfunction of the cardiopulmonary system. Their knowledge of the scientific principles underlying cardiopulmonary physiology and pathophysiology, as well as biomedical engineering and technology, enable them to effectively assess, educate and treat patients with cardiopulmonary disorders.
Temporary, short-term care provided to individuals with disabilities. Respite care allows family members to take a break from caregiving. Respite care is available in adult day care, assisted living or nursing home settings.
A program designed to support each resident in maintaining the functional gains made in physical, occupational and speech therapy.
Condition in which a portion of the retina becomes separated from the inner wall of the eye. Flashes of light, floating spots and sometimes loss of side vision are the classic warning signs of a detached retina.
Generally an apartment or residential facility that caters to those who are retired. Additional facilities are often provided within the building, including facilities for meals, gathering, recreation, and some form of health or hospice care.
A medical device manufacturer of neurological orthotic devices, allowing stroke survivors and other neurologically impaired patients to immediately begin performing task-oriented grasp-and-release activities. SaeboFlex, SaeboReach, SaeboMAS and SaeboReJoyce can help patients regain their independence and peace of mind.
A lifestyle characterized by sitting or remaining inactive for most of the day (for example, sitting in front of the TV all day). It is believed to be a factor in obesity, and, in turn, may contribute to other diseases, such as type II diabetes, heart disease, depression and even hemorrhoids.
A form of the chicken pox virus that remains inactive in nerve cells next to the spinal cord, sometimes for decades. When the virus becomes active again, it travels down the nerve fibers that extend to the skin, and a painful rash develops.
A therapy program to help patients achieve their maximum functional capacity and get back to their homes and community in the shortest time possible. Generally, those needing short-term, inpatient rehabilitation may remain involved in their program at a facility for as little as a couple of days to as many as several weeks. Short-term rehabilitation facilities provide therapy for individuals recovering from a surgery, illness or accident.
A facility providing lodging and 24-hour skilled nursing services to those requiring post-acute care due to decreased ability to perform activities of daily living. Services provided range from long-term care to short-term rehabilitation. Sometimes called a nursing home or convalescent home. It is the third level of care in the continuum of care for people, after independent living and assisted living care.
A health professional trained to evaluate and treat people who have voice, speech, language or swallowing disorders - including hearing impairment - that affect their ability to communicate. Sometimes called a speech-language pathologist.
A health professional trained to evaluate and treat people who have voice, speech, language or swallowing disorders - including hearing impairment - that affect their ability to communicate. Sometimes called a speech therapist.
Sometimes referred to by the older term cerebrovascular accident (CVA), a stroke is the rapid loss of brain function due to disturbance in the blood supply to the brain. This can be due to ischemia (lack of blood flow) caused by blockage (thrombosis, arterial embolism, blood cot) or a hemorrhage. As a result, the affected area of the brain cannot function, which might result in an inability to move one or more limbs on one side of the body, inability to understand or formulate speech or an inability to see one side of the visual field.
Inflammation of a tendon, usually caused by injury, which may restrict movement of the muscle attached to the tendon.
A line of progressive elastic resistance exercise products, including latex and latex-free bands, natural rubber tubing, exercise balls, hand exercisers, flexible bars, exercise mats, stability trainers, aquatic exercise products, specialized exercise kits and paraffin heat therapy.
A surgical procedure to create an opening through the neck into the trachea (windpipe). A tube is usually placed through this opening to provide an airway and to remove secretions from the lungs.
Fats that are artificially created through a chemical process of the hydrogenation of oils. These fats are considered to be the most harmful to one's health.
No donation is insignificant, and it will be put to good use. We have no payroll and virtually no expenses.
The aerobic Stepper is the cheapest and simple way to lose weight, burn calories, and strengthening and toning muscles in legs and buttocks. Since for many people any kind of Exercises can be boring, you really can entertain yourself watching tv with this stepper because it is light weight and can be moved to any room in your home or office.
TripAdvisor staff removed this post because it did not meet TripAdvisor's forum posting guidelines with prohibiting self-promotional advertising or solicitation. Compare Forex brokers and online trading sites that accept debit cards.
Should you eat like a caveman. Should you eat like Alton Brown. How about eating like the Green Man, Randy Shore. Ethical Killing and Sustainable Hunting Host Randy Shore, Harrison Mooney and hunting instructor Dylan Eyers of EatWild.
NARAYANA EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS are one of the best education providers in India from the pre-primary to professional post graduation, have been successful in an uninterrupted and dedicated task.
You can find also betterbed.co for reviews however it isn't going to appear to be like they actually consider the mattress them selves, relatively, they scour by business data and client reviews and current their conclusions.
Following sending a video towards the rep he thought it was faulty and desired to mail another just one. Considering the fact that i am in Perth I didn't wish to consider the chance of having to keep property again for another salvation Military mattress pickup (since they might only pickup about from 9am to 4pm)
The producer title is in Chinese as it truly is in China which Ecosa do condition on their own Web site. Also, it is a production plant, not an office or store so could possibly have a different registered business identify Whilst still becoming owned by exactly the same corporation. I am baffled regarding how zoner01 states not every one of the mattress is Accredited?
I'm seeking to determine involving the two (is going to be Oz mattress Supra). I am aware the SR has the trial period but prior to I go ahead, would like some feedback
As You could have seen from my posts in other mattress threads, immediately after sending a Koala back, I ended up with a (QB) Lazybed and i am really happy with it.
I have had a short lie down on it and dozed for half an hour and perhaps in that limited time, was capable to bounce out of bed without any pain for The 1st time in years.
There was a scent. We unboxed ours and remaining it in open air within the spare room for approximately four days with the window open. We in all probability failed to need To achieve this, but we have been watching for our new mattress frame to get delivered along with the mattress arrived initially.
These are much less expensive than the rest, I'm with a pension so will likely go with them when the time comes (asap, genuinely)
The smell was neglected about by the time we started using the mattress. Once again, Really don't Permit that cease you.
I used to be thinking about this and really, In the event your hubby sleeps genuinely hot then here I do not Imagine a foam mattress is in your case. Having said that, you cant shed anything at all by receiving one, as a result of returns coverage for most of them. one hundred evenings ought to be enough the perfect time to workout if its appropriate for both of those of you.
I'd personally say a good bit softer (while still remaining firm), with the Koala I would awaken with a sore back whereas with the Eva I have never had the issue. It sides are also firmer, so When you are sitting about the side in the bed you don't sink in just as much.
The Sleeping Duck "Medium" firmness remains to be fairly firm for anyone who is lying down on it. In fact, it was firmer than some "Firm" mattresses you will find in stores!
Many thanks fellas – so – just to be fully clear – I am talking about within the five minutes or to make sure that we may very well be spooning in a knockout post the middle of the mattress it sinks in and sort of makes it not easy to climb out to the sides straight away.
Oh and 1 previous problem regarding your bases. What r the legs manufactured from? And is particularly it robust and stable, which means wouldn't it transfer/slide when uummmm how can I set it "wrestling" lol
Organizing a B2B Trade Mission to Russia requires professional approach and reliable local partners who can assist with planning and deliver the required services for B2B Trade Mission organizers and participants.
De la Rey Consulting experts are ready to offer high-quality support services to make your B2B Trade Mission to Russia successful and efficient.
Copyright © 2016 Ege Yapı Ege Yapı reserves the right to change, modify and publish any information and visuals on its website
December 19, 2017 / Comments Off on White Man on a Pedestal—Sims gets dissected and DAVE is no longer
Fred Duignan shares his personal accounts of the wild 80s art scene and Studio54 socialite Baird Jones, artist and friend Stephen “Hoop” Hooper and their celebrity art collection that went on the auction block at Rogallery and reported on Fox Business show “Strange Inheritances.” (Airing April 13th) The collection featured works by an over-the-top list, including David Bowie, Chuck Close, Muhammad Ali, John Lennon, James Dean, even Charles Manson.
The Architecture of Tomorrow, Inc. and its AOT Project Salon are a non-profit organization supported by people like you. Please donate to an initiative devoted to improving the lives of children through art, supporting artists in one of the toughest economies in decades, and creating thought-provoking dialogue at the intersection of art, life and social justice.
Thank you for your interest in learning about God and the Bible through our video correspondence course, The Journey. This series is available FREE of charge. Play the video below for a brief overview of the series, and then get started with the first video and questions.
Watch the videos and then complete the questions below the video, including your contact information before you submit. One of our teachers will be in contact to provide feedback on your responses and provide you with additional resources.
If you are in the Louisville, Kentucky, area, we would love to meet you in person. Please visit us at one of our worship services.
This event is actually a recurrance of another event in our database. You can view information about the parent event by clicking on the link below.
Tattoos accept a continued history. They represent a aggregation of account – religion, perspective, memories. Added and added people, abnormally adolescent people, are accepting abiding ink categorical into their body.
However, abounding administration do not acquiesce these tattoos to be apparent as a allotment of the dress code. Tattoos still accept access to abyss and amusing outcasts. While that affiliation is still there today, abounding bodies get tattoos to accurate themselves, not to be associated with bent life.
While administration should accept the appropriate to achieve a dress code, banishment advisers to awning up tattoos that are not barnyard or abhorrent seems a bit excessive. Abounding bodies who accept tattoos of article innocent, like a annual or a bird. Bodies should not accept to awning up innocent tattoos to be advised professional.
Times are changing. Abounding bodies no best attending aloft tattoos with a accusatory eye, yet for the best part, these art forms cannot be displayed in the workplace. Freedom of announcement should not be bound to assertive locations. If a being wants to appearance their calm tattoo, they should be able to do so after abhorrence of accident their job.
| Allowed in order to my own website, in this moment I’m going to explain to you concerning keyword. And after this, here is the primary impression:
What about impression earlier mentioned? can be that wonderful???. if you think maybe and so, I’l d demonstrate many photograph again beneath:
So, if you want to obtain all these wonderful shots related to (17 Reasons Why Cover Up Tattoo Ideas Pinterest Is Common In USA | cover up tattoo ideas pinterest), click save icon to save these photos to your computer. These are available for obtain, if you want and wish to obtain it, click save logo on the page, and it will be instantly saved in your laptop.} As a final point if you need to secure new and latest image related with (17 Reasons Why Cover Up Tattoo Ideas Pinterest Is Common In USA | cover up tattoo ideas pinterest), please follow us on google plus or book mark this page, we attempt our best to give you daily up-date with fresh and new images. Hope you love keeping right here. For many up-dates and latest news about (17 Reasons Why Cover Up Tattoo Ideas Pinterest Is Common In USA | cover up tattoo ideas pinterest) photos, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark area, We try to provide you with update periodically with all new and fresh images, love your browsing, and find the perfect for you.
Thanks for visiting our website, articleabove (17 Reasons Why Cover Up Tattoo Ideas Pinterest Is Common In USA | cover up tattoo ideas pinterest) published . At this time we are delighted to declare that we have found an incrediblyinteresting nicheto be discussed, that is (17 Reasons Why Cover Up Tattoo Ideas Pinterest Is Common In USA | cover up tattoo ideas pinterest) Some people attempting to find information about(17 Reasons Why Cover Up Tattoo Ideas Pinterest Is Common In USA | cover up tattoo ideas pinterest) and definitely one of these is you, is not it?
Find out the most recent images of 17 Reasons Why Cover Up Tattoo Ideas Pinterest Is Common In USA | cover up tattoo ideas pinterest here, and also you can get the image here simply image posted uploaded by admins that saved in our collection.
Congratulations to all teams that participated in the 2017 SoccerFest tournament! We hope you had a fantastic time this past weekend and we look forward to seeing you next year!
Below are the champion and runner up teams for the U11 - U14 divisions. Full standings can be found by clicking on each level.
Colchester Soccer is proud to announce that the Pre-K and K recreation program will be using the Xara
1365 science of physics review answers no short description science of physics review answers because this is pdf file * PDF *
1366 Life and Laughing My Story by Michael McIntyre no short description Life and Laughing My Story by Michael McIntyre because this is pdf file * PDF *
1368 the story of the forty eighth a record of the campaigns of the forty eighth regiment pennsylvania veteran volunteer no short description the story of the forty eighth a record of the campaigns of the forty eighth regiment pennsylvania veteran volunteer because this is pdf file * PDF *
1374 their arrows will darken the sun the evolution and science of ballistics no short description their arrows will darken the sun the evolution and science of ballistics because this is pdf file * PDF *
1384 lynn chadwick sculptor with a complete illustrated catalogue 1947 2005 no short description lynn chadwick sculptor with a complete illustrated catalogue 1947 2005 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1387 death in venice and seven other stories a vintage book v3 no short description death in venice and seven other stories a vintage book v3 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1388 turning tragedy into victory lessons learned from cops who have fallen enforcing the law no short description turning tragedy into victory lessons learned from cops who have fallen enforcing the law because this is pdf file * PDF *
1390 living like lions 20 influential christian men past and present no short description living like lions 20 influential christian men past and present because this is pdf file * PDF *
1391 forensic evaluation of juveniles no short description forensic evaluation of juveniles because this is pdf file * PDF *
1394 the coffeeist manifesto learn how to make coffee and espresso yourself no short description the coffeeist manifesto learn how to make coffee and espresso yourself because this is pdf file * PDF *
Blog Archive April 2011 (1) August 2009 (6) July 2009 (25) June 2009 (31) May 2009 (27) April 2009 (35) March 2009 (15)
[theLichKing]: Um, yeah, I'm good on decimation for today. We're going to hold off on the decimation for, like, a week or so.
[theLichKing]: I was thinking. How much trouble do you think it would be to have a thermostat installed in the Throne Room?
[theLichKing]: See that's exactly what I'm talking about. The throne is frozen. The chair that I sit on all day? Literally a block of ice.
[Killzone’jaeden]: They're called the Burning Legion...why don't I just invite them to Azeroth so they can come and
[Killzone’jaeden]: Check it out, I had a Mosquito War last night. Mosquito lands on me, I squish it. Done. Two seconds.
[An00b’arak]: well yeah he sits on a frozen throne inside of icecrown glacier with a sword named frostmorn
[An00b’arak]: the name icecrown glacier can only imply that among glaciers, which are themselves made of ice, this one is especially icy
[Killzone’jaeden]: I didn't spend seven aeons feasting on the souls of the righteous just so I could play typing games with the functionally illiterate.
[Killzone’jaeden]: Hey LK I thought you squished all of them already. You spent ten years on these morons and you didn't even finish the job?
[Killzone’jaeden]: Oh no, I'm horrible. Why don't you go and tell all my demon friends how horrible I am. They will be shocked.
[Killzone’jaeden]: Sargeras is going to get here and you'll be singing about teapots...you'll get pwned
[theLichKing]: Oh please. The expansion is called "Wrath of the Lich King." It's got my _name_ in it. You don't think a few guilds are going to be farming me as soon as I'm a fightable boss?
[Kel’Thuz4d]: ok and now my cat is 8fwhwe8ufhffweeexvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
[SARGERAS]: GAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!
I have to keep coming back and reading this, and then try not to have giggle fits in the middle of my office ... not an easy proposition.
Brilliant. Best thing I've seen written for WoW bar NONE, and I've seen some funny shit out there ... the Level 60 boss chat was good, but this is something else.
KT's cat? Inspired. I've been there in RL with my own kitties before, and so far resisted the temptation to bump of Mr Bigglesworth whenever I've been in Naxx :D ... I'll never see him the same way again, though.
I hope to God you're getting yourself published, this kind of funny and intelligent is too brilliant to reserve to the internet.
William Carlos Williams! The first time I heard that poem was in my high school Speech and Public Speaking class. I like your blog. Keep it up.
like, not scourge, but make one for the alliance, or nightelves and the world tree or something, you have to. haha. i need another one, its too good. ahh =]. get published man, get published.
i only found this blog yesterday, and today i find he is leaving... i hope wherever he takes his inspiration next i find it!
My best friend got to Tempest Keep:Alcatraz for selling Felweed :( (btw I still have some 5g/stack ;) )
Maybe it's just me but I honestly don't get how anyone can find that funny.... I wasn't even smiling once, and I'm usually extremely easily entertained and I laugh at everything but this.... I don't get why people are laughing and crying at this
Because you can't read? I found it to be amusing. I didn't laugh out loud, but it was funny. There's only been one instance when I've laughed out loud at a book and it was once in Palahniuk's Pygmy.
The last part of that, where sargeras talks about the ice box, is a Progressive Poem I had to read in my english class.
dude, I dont know who you are that posted this, BUT YOU HAVE THE GREATEST MIND EVER POSSIBLE ON THIS EARTH ! you made me to laugh as hard as I can for 20 minutes. I will never forget it. Im gonna give the link to all of my friends who play wow.
Thank you for posting such a useful, impressive and a wicked article.Its a romentick article./Wow.. looking good!
my cat is wjhdsalkjhalkjsahfsdhaklllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllkjhsdkahfjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
I really appreciate the kind of topics you post here. Thanks for sharing information that is actually helpful. Good day!
I really love the article, quite interesting indeed. Thank you for posting this. Keep up the good work!
Call us now at OUR toll free. We are Americans #1 Free Chat Line. NO credit card is required! Call Now! FREE CHAT!!! 1-706-443-9999
Looking for a coffee maker with a built in bean grinder, here are the top Best Coffee Maker with Built-in Grinder for you. Lets find yours now..Best coffee maker
Permission granted to use machine embroidery designs for your own commercial and personal embroidery.
Repeat with the 2nd pie dough. You will have to be at the restaurant during dinner hours, usually ranging from 4pm to 7pm. Cook about 20 minutes or until rice is done. When sausage is browned and vegetables are tender add tomatoes, rice, and water.
Signs that you are not getting enough fluids include concentrated urine darker, stronger smelling than usual and constipation hard, dry stools. Set the sauce aside to cool. In this regard, role-playing is an excellent game which the mothers can arrange for their children to play.
Add the carrots, celery, and shallot. Even if they already receive some sort of public assistance, low income single mothers can still enroll. The remaining can be frozen or stored for a couple of days. If you are prepared it can make all the difference in your busy day.
Pour the broth into a large bowl and set aside. But when I have a houseful of teens or college students, I usually set out jars of water and a stack of solo cups.
Many of the popular restaurant chains will offer free meals for kids. Jennifer Urbino These are a favorite in our house! Heat fry pan with oil, brown onion and garlic if using freshadd meat and heat through for about minutes.
Assurance Wireless will provide low income single mothers with a free cell phone and a whopping monthly calling minutes. We toast ours in the oven. This smaller freezer only held about 30 meals and the other 20 are in my deep freezer.
I steam several pounds of frozen green beans, peas, or corn. Add a fruit or vegetable salad. List them all out! Luckily, there are resources available to you and other students. Time to use up some of the food you have on hand to save yourself money.
This site even offers free e-books for you to read on your spare time. When I pull this magazine out of my mailbox, my eyes light up like a kid in a candy store!
The Institute of Medicine notes that the median amount of fluids typically consumed by breastfeeding mothers is 3. Assistance Programs for African American single mothers Child Nutrition Programs The United States Department of Agriculture offers a wide range of nutritional programs aimed at providing nutritional meals to children.
This would be really funhowever I have never done it myself hint to all my friends out there. The service is only available in select states. Just bake according to package directions and the meat mixture will cook and blend - too good!“Tiffany's clean recipes are easy to prepare and simply delicious, proving that healthy and tasty are compatible.
Busy moms and dads will be thrilled with this cookbook filled with convenient freezable recipes the whole family will love.”. 1) Cook straight from frozen. All of the meals are basically just being reheated because everything is pre-cooked. All of the directions are listed, but most meals are reheated from frozen in a.
If you really want (or need) to count calories Studies have shown that most healthy breastfeeding women maintain an abundant milk supply while taking in (or more) calories per day.
We see every mother as courageous and worthy of hope. Our focus is not on the why and how they arrived in their current situation the focus is on today and how we can assist them through this season of. Hello! I’m Emma Johnson, a professional single mom like cytopix.com goal is to help you build a full, awesome life as a single mom.
I’ve helped millions of mommas with career, money, business, parenting, feminism, dating, sex, success, love and relationships advise. Need an easy crochet dishcloth pattern?
Frankly Studios is now a 64 bit Ableton shop. The conversion was not fun, but at least it was time consuming. 🙂
I started working on this song while fine-tuning Ableton and the machine, and it just came together pretty well.
No words, just patching. The “base” patch on the Korg MS-20 is the most boring sound on the planet, which makes you immediately grab a handful of lowpass…
In this example we used both inverted envelopes, both normal envelopes, and every filter mod. I’d have split some of the routings but I don’t have any of those little stackable patch cables. I really need a patch / split / inverter box. That may have to be a project video.
In any case, we start with Korg Basic and end up with a lead patch with a bit of after-touch effect thanks to the inverted envelopes which are routed to the Hi and Lo pass filter mod ports. This is Ned’s go-to solo patch, but it never sounds the same twice.
As promised, we’ve been working on a video to demonstrate a technique that will revitalize your creativity if you have at least one MIDI synthesizer laying about that supports “MIDI Local”. You need to be able to set “Local” to “Off” for this technique, but it will be worth it. If you’re fortunate enough to have more than one MIDI synth and a few MIDI cables, you can do some really cool stuff by using your DAW as a big MIDI pedalboard.
What is this “Local” thing I’ve been yammering on about? Its simply a keyboard-equipped synth’s way of separating the keyboard from the built in synth. When Local is on, the synth can be played by its own keyboard. When Local is Off, the synth might as well be a rack module, and the keyboard is just a dumb controller. This allows us to inject MIDI effects between the keyboard and the “module” (our internal synth).
We’re working on our next video. It will demonstrate Local Off, and show you how to use Ableton as a big midi arpeggiator for your external instruments. It has tremendous possibilities, and is a blast to play.
Ned has owned a K5 for awhile now, and it’s had a problem with the patch selection buttons not wanting to be pressed. If you press really hard and rock them back and forth, perhaps you can get “2” selected.
We posted a video that demonstrates a fix we applied to our K5 that seems to be working just fine. Take a look and let us know. There’s got to be a better solution, but mine worked. So far. 🙂
After we finished editing the MIDI 101 videos, Ned had a room full of synthesizers all wired up with no-where to go. Ned took care of that – Sample this, remix it, make something out of it – it’s a Sequencer Jam Session, just the thing to start out August.
All of the instruments pass through Ableton, but only the Lyricon (K5) got any special treatment (I applied a couple of virtual guitar pedals). The rest of the video and audio is as it was created. No post on the audio of any kind, and the video was edited only to add captions.
It’s used for everything from the obvious (music) to lighting systems and pyrotechnics. The concepts are simple, but sometimes the most obvious solution can be confusing.
We decided to put together our first How To video. I know there are 100 other “MIDI 101” videos out there, but this one features Ned. Using Ned’s regular voice.
If you’re already a MIDI veteran, this will be a kindergarten video for you, but if you have a few MIDI devices laying about, this vid may make you go buy a couple of MIDI cables…
Ned’s productions haven’t exactly made him a millionaire. Or even a thousandaire. I think he’s a hundredaire right now.
I signed up to participate in a couple of ad programs. Selling out? You betcha. This room is rather expensive (even the old equipment – it needs constant repair…) Since the Capgras Brothers also spend quite a bit of time in “Frankly Studios”, our costs can be higher than you might think. Not to mention Sterling, our lead producer and arguably smartest cat. His parkour techniques are amazing, but his demands can be outrageous.
I’m just saying that when you notice the advertisements, don’t think less of me. Or do think less of me, but be understanding. Or give me a really hard time about them. I appreciate you just the same. 🙂
Ned constructed a head-band POV cam and created a short video to test it out. This is a How To (HowTo?) video that shows how to construct your own head-based video unit using stuff you might have around the house. We didn’t have to buy anything – our NedCam was just waiting to be assembled.
It’s a little dark, uses a fisheye cam, and all of the synth work is from the microKORG. The drums are stock from Ableton (well, semi-stock).
And exclusively on NedFrankly.com, the original “Element 43” by Ned Frankly. This was created during the ProTools days (originally published on SoundCloud on 12/29/2013).
A buffer problem with one of my favorite pieces of equipment is hindering our video production… Have a listen – the issue crops up around 3:40.
There's A Ghost In My House: DiS Talks The Fall & The Extricated With Brix Smith Start about 12 hours ago
Your are viewing a read-only archive of the old DiS boards. Please hit the Community button above to engage with the DiS !
Following on from the wild success of the bedroom thread, watch this one sink without a trace. I seem to remember a similar thread a few years back and it was teh awesomeness, so here's my quite frankly pathetic record collection (I haz no moneyz).
because i've got half at each end of the country but I will be the first person to plead with you to stop stacking your vinyl like that. Stand them up somewhere... they'll love you for it.
is the one on the left the introvert and the one on the right the extrovert? That's what I'm assuming from the body language.
The one on the right is only 6 months old and spend most of the day jumping on the old one and grabbing his tail.
jealous of the coachwhips LP, only have their albums on CD. Your DVD collection is almost identical to mine.
future pilot AKA doing a daniel johnston song, and on the other side concerto caledonia doing daniel johnston - it's a red 7" vinyl and its pretty cool but i havn't had a chance to listen to it yet cos my record players at home. Not even worth a photo.
I've now been told off multiple times for stacking my vinyl, so I'm desperately trying to find somewhere to store it properly.
and i'm pretty sure it came from there, just scary how much its seeped into society. i rememrbt here being other rules and crap like that.
my vinyl stacking isn't perfect, when i move i'm going to try and get some specially built shelves. i'm not happ with the ones on the ends, i think they might be getting squashed out of shape. good eyes on ITAOT spot there, the white thing is the Mount Eerie book thing, can't actually take it out as its the centrepiece for all the other records.
but so much of the stuff on that forum has managed to ingrain itself deep within my psyche. Awww man, that Mt Eerie thing must be amazing; I'd love it but it's a bit like the Eluvium vinyl box set in that I'd rather just buy loads of new music instead.
^5 on the Benoit Pioulard LP too; I bet that looks lovely on vinyl. I think specially built shelves are the way to go once I get more vinyl, but right now I have literally nowhere else to put it except on the floor, where my cats will inevitably puke/shit/scratch it into oblivion.
its a double LP of his alst two records, both artworks as well. A real surprise when i picked it up, I've been listening to Precis for years and could never find it on vinyl so to find two of his albums together for £15 was an amazing bargain.
I was at my mate's last night, who owns over a thousand but his looks pretty insignificant in comparison.
s'everything, at least what i intend to keep anyway. i also have some vinyl but i put it all in the front room because i'm not going to play it but my flatmates might want to.
I still wish I hadn't given someone the Lionel Ritchie gatefold one though. I only have this tiny picture of it left :(
my brother is a graphic designer and would be hating the lack of continuity though. That indentation be all over the shop!
Do the remasters improve them, then? I've just got regular copies of Soon Over Babaluma and Future Days...
I don't know actually. I just went for the ones with the funny boxes. Other stuff I have that has been remastered I can't really tell the difference. That Led Zeppelin comp that came out fairly recently sounds like crap though. If they do whatever they did with that once more it'll sound like St Anger
The old version of Raw Power is supposed to be different too innit. The newer one does the job for me ok
have bought quite a few since the last photos were taken and will need to get those photographed too when I can
most of the more suspect additions here were given to me last year by a guy selling his records from a table up a lane in the pissing rain. As punishment for me browsing his vinyl in the rain and keeping him from going back into his house he just thrust a bundle of records onto me so I now own stuff by Sheena Easton and Wham etc
The DVD with it is also fantastic, but for some reason you're not allowed to skip so have to sit through an hour of SBGM before Boris.
and they have a crap name, which is why I never investigated it. Might have to dig around teh internetz for a copy then.
(the one that's decided to reflect off the camera flash badly is a Rocket From The Crypt single 'Pigeon Eater/Paste That You Love' for those interested.)
Which is a single by a band called Temposhark that my friend gave me. I've never played it, but it's signed by another band for some reason.
and I was too emotionally crushed to type it out a third time. But thank you for answering the question anyway!
i must say i'm jealous of guntrips the most, that must've cost a shart load. i use the same argos racks and i only have the one! (albeit i have 300 'copied/downloaded' cd's in a cupboard too).
but they just shove both LPs into a single slip case, rather than it being a gatefold, which is a bit strange.
Re quantity, I only have a limited amount to spend on records and no turntable up at uni, so right now I'd rather buy CDs.
I'm trying to move away from CDs at the moment, but have no working turntable so at the moment I don't buy much music at all. I think that's a bit of fail, overall.
After Cosmos I expected his next one to be a letdown, and while it's not *as* good, it still blows me away when it reaches the end.
I am fucked off that I missed him touring Cosmos and I'm fucked off that I missed him touring tVS. I'm sure when I finally see him live it'll be a life-shaping experience etc. etc. but I probably won't get to hear Oort at lung-crushing volumes or Lully's Turquerie played with the proper instruments...
and I didn't go because I'm a twat and had no one to go with. Still haven't heard Cosmos, but the 3xLP is sorely tempting me.
I hate it when people say this; but I seriously do envy you for having that to look forward to. I have no idea how someone can go from making an admittedly very good, but mostly unremrkable record like Martes or Remembranza to something like Cosmos in just a couple of years.
Then I'll get the mp3s straight away. I heard Martes way back when, and it didn't do a whole lot for me but I decided to work my way through The Wire's top 50 of last year and TVS sessions just blew me away. Really, really looking forward to Cosmos now!
It's like every piece of music bout space rolled into one. Only better. And it doesn't sound at all derivative.
That reminded me of dis mix cds for some reason. I still have all of them and they are good. Not here though
MONTICELLO  March 26, 2010  A decision two years and countless community planning sessions in the making was not to arrive on time or without further discussion.
At 8 p.m. Tuesday, the scheduled start time for the public session of the Board of Education for the Monticello Central School District, BOE President Alyce Van Etten addressed the nearly 300 people in attendance to let them know they would hear the board’s decision  but just not yet.
At 9:09 p.m. the board, District Superintendent Patrick Michel, and Assistant Superintendent Gladys Baxter solemnly filed into the Robert J. Kaiser cafeteria and out of executive session.
The magnitude of the decisions to be made during the public session silenced the previously chatty crowd.
Finally, at 9:25 p.m. Dr. Michel briefly presented the 4, 6, and 8 percent tax levy and the corresponding school budget scenarios. He thanked the board for their hard work, for working through each scenario, asking questions, and working through the hard times with such class and dignity. He also thanked the entire community for their participation in the process and for representing themselves with the same measure of class.
Barbara O’Rourke, board member, expressed her desire to “keep as much as we can for the kids, keeping in mind the economic times.” After some discussion, the board motioned, without opposition, to take the 4 percent and 6 percent scenarios (without school closure) off of the table.
Jo Ann Peabody made an impassioned presentation to save the Duggan School from closure, while advocating for an 8 percent levy increase. She cited university studies on school closures, the decimating effects on communities without schools, the possible erosion of the economic base, and a petition by parents stating that 38 percent of them would move their children to private schools if Duggan were to close as reasons for keeping the small school open.
Peabody also remarked that 64 percent of Sullivan County wage earners don’t have a College degree and therefore continued funding for the College in the Classroom program didn’t serve the students for the real world.
With the board’s opinions aired, the microphones were turned over for a question and comment session.
Students, upset about the arbitrary nature of their exclusion from College in the Classroom, and funding cuts for extracurricular activities (proposed at 50 percent in the levy increases without a school closure) lent their voices to the cause. A sophomore pointedly remarked to the Board that college applications don’t care if she “went to Chase, Duggan, or Cooke,” but were instead looking at the diversity of her extracurricular activities.
Voices from Rock Hill, one of the district’s few growing communities, were prevalent. Many parents began with introducing themselves as a parent from Rock Hill: “an area with no school where the kids are doing just fine” a pointed rebuke of Peabody’s continued assertions that a community without a school will flounder.
Phil Borko, one of said parents, reminded the Board that the definition of community is “from Bethel to Forestburgh to Mamakating  it doesn’t reside in one particular school,” and that they must now take responsibility for a problem they never solved, but rather deferred.
With many voices heard from, the Board voted 5-4 in favor of adopting a budget with a 6 percent levy increase and the closure of the Duggan School.
Van Etten, Vice President Richard Feller and board members Liza Glick, Tara Buckstad-Russo and O’Rourke made up the majority. Board members Peabody, Susan Purcell, Yvonne Housman and Bob Kunis wanted the 8 percent tax scenario, which would have kept Duggan open.
The decision was not met with applause, relief, excitement or fury; instead, the room was quiet from the weight of the proposal and the depth of a cut of 61 full-time employees (three administrators, 46 teachers and 12 support staff.)
On March 24, Dr. Michel and Duggan Principal Patti Sonnenschein distributed a letter to parents of Duggan students formally announcing the school’s closure.
MONTICELLO  March 26, 2010  Though the Monticello Central School Board had yet to formally vote on the proposed 2010-2011 budget last night, Superintendent Pat Michel convened a press conference about it yesterday morning.
On Tuesday, the board informally agreed in a painful 5-4 split vote that closing the Duggan Elementary School in White Lake would be part of a budget that includes a six percent tax levy increase, program cuts to College in the Classroom and International Baccalaureate, and the elimination of 61 full-time positions districtwide.
“While everyone is entitled to his or her vote, I want to say that I respectfully disagree with the five members who voted 5-4 to shutter this school,” she remarked on Wednesday. “Board members should have demanded a full impact study.
“The crux of my disagreement is this: last night, board members had the chance to vote for an 8 percent tax levy that would then have gone to a vote by the public. At 8 percent or at the 7 percent set for the contingency budget, the school could have remained open. Given that the community and the board itself is so fractured on this issue, I believe that the board should have allowed the voters of the school district to decide its values  as the recent capacity and demographic study recommended.
“The citizens and taxpayers should have been allowed to decide whether or not they wanted to support a valuable social and educational commodity such as a community school,” she concluded. “Unfortunately, this choice was made for the voters last night, not at the polls.”
Michel said the system worked as it should have, with a board that handled its duties with great care and diligence.
“They agonized over the whole process,” he explained, noting board members were coming in to meetings two or three times a week for months.
As for allegations that he’s orchestrating a consolidation at outlying communities’ expense, Michel replied that the board made the decision, not him.
“I always make it a point to be very neutral about what that choice should be,” he said, referring to the three options (four percent, six percent and eight percent tax levy increases) that the board considered with the proposed budget.
Duggan will be maintained and remain in the district’s ownership, Michel said. It could be rented out or even reopened, so he doesn’t support selling it at this time.
As for the staffing cuts, he expects no more than 35 actual teachers will be laid off, with another 11 or so taking retirement. Twelve support staff and three administrators  the director of music, Duggan’s principal and a special ed. position  will also lose their jobs.
The closure of Duggan means its 224 students will next year face up to an hourlong bus ride, with K-2nd graders headed to Cooke and 3rd-5th graders off to Rutherford, both in Monticello.
A number of Rock Hill students will be shunted to Chase in Wurtsboro to make room for the Duggan students in Monticello.
And though the closure of Duggan is estimated to save the district $2,012,192, larger class sizes are inevitable, Michel admitted.
Chase will see classes averaging 25 students, while Rutherford will have about 24 per class and Cooke 22.
“We’re going to make your transition as smooth as possible,” Michel promised to parents and students, acknowledging what will be a “scary time” for young children.
Voters will have the final say on all this on May 18, but Michel said that a “no” vote will not save Duggan from closing, as the district is prohibited by law from proposing a higher-cost budget in the wake of a defeated budget vote.
And with dramatic fiscal issues locally and at the state level, he wouldn’t guarantee that Duggan will be the last school building to close.
news | sports | obituaries | archives | classifieds | subscribe | links | contact | tv listings | lottery
LANDOWNERS AND OFFICIALS listen to Senator John Bonacic, far right, weigh in on the flooding situation in Youngsville.
As District 1 Legislator Dave Sager pointed out, an almost identical gathering was held in the backyard of his flooded business in the Village of Jeff three years ago, and nothing has happened in the meantime.
“Each time there’s a flood event, someone says we have to act,” Sager noted. “We haven’t even begun the ridiculously expensive study that was supposed to address our needs.”
The meeting itself was called by the Town of Callicoon, where floods on July 30 and 31, followed quickly by floods on Aug. 2 and 10, have decimated sections along the Callicoon Creek.
In Youngsville, where Supervisor Linda Babicz ordered equipment into the creek to make emergency repairs, the most recent evacuations were prompted by less than an inch of rain.
That, board members say, is because the equipment was ordered OUT of the creek by the DEC, which arrived on Aug. 4, in the midst of work approved by the town board.
According to Supervisor Linda Babicz, they were only doing work of a type OK’d by the DEC after previous floods. In fact, the last time the town was sanctioned for doing work in the streams, the DEC required they hire a private engineer for $50,000 to draw up remediation plans. The DEC then required changes to those plans, and a $300,000 project. The results of THAT project, which were completed in 2008  two years after the flood  are now gone. They all washed away in the most recent floods.
After taking DEC officials and the state representatives on a tour of some of Youngsville’s hardest hit spots, including those where the DEC has put its foot down on proposed flooding mitigation, Babicz opened a public comment session at the Youngsville Firehouse.
Residents packed the chairs in the late morning meeting, although a limited time frame due to the state legislators schedules meant only a few comments were made.
“I seem to remember when I was a young boy that we have a right to defend our homes,” said resident Jason Gaebel. “How about letting us?”
“Public safety is increasingly compromised with each rain event,” Babicz said. “The current flooding conditions leave our communities financially unsustainable.”
Bonacic and Gunther both took the floor, promoting projects in their separate legislative bodies that have been put forth to address flooding in New York State’s counties. Even as they pointed fingers at the other’s sector of the legislature, they apologized to the community for politics getting in the way of a very real problem.
He placed blame on the Spitzer administration for tying the hands of the DEC, making it a regulatory body with little manpower to regulate.
Gunther called for the DEC to look into a proposal by Sager, which would provide more power to the local Soil and Water Conservation District, which is already charged with drawing up plans for local residents’ stream remediation projects. At the moment, those plans need to be approved by the DEC before being put into action  although the districts have more power in other parts of the state.
DEC Natural Resources Supervisor Bill Rudge also pledged his support to help the town, but his promises fell short of specifics. Sager’s suggestion is something he can pass on, he said. Speeding up the approval process for permitting is something he can “look into.”
The meeting ended with the town equipment still outside of the brooks, albeit with Rudge’s promises to look into the hot spots in town.
Whether the results will be  as Fremont Supervisor Jim Greier said of previous meetings “more lip service”  is still to be determined.
The information you receive online from the Sullivan County Democrat Online Edition is protected by the copyright laws
Please be aware that once a new issue is posted on this site, the immediate previous issue's links change. Check our Archives section to obtain the new links for old issues.
St Catherine of Alexandria School » Academics » Classroom Pages » Mrs. Maureen Fadden and Mrs. Kathleen Hennessy » Classroom Wish List
Attenzione: E' possibile scrivere sul file di configurazione: /var/www/vhosts/scarlatti1896.it/httpdocs/ecommerce2/includes/configure.php. Questo è un rischio - configura tale file in sola lettura.
Demon Blade is an action adventure fantasy comic with an eventual side helping of Super Robot shenanigans, created by Sam Abramson and finally launched in 2009 after 6 years of gathering ideas. The comic is about a young orphaned bounty hunter named Tsurugi Diablo, who is somehow in possession of a magical, ancient sword. Sound cliche? Don't worry, it is! In a nutshell, the comic may be best described as "Gurren Lagann meets Disgaea: Hour of Darkness."
I kept my promise and didn't wait two years to finish chapter 27! Instead, I only waited one year! Almost to the minute, in fact! But yes, chapter 27 should be up within minutes, along with a beautiful fan creation by LordServbot. You can check that out in the fanart section. Wink.
1402 what happened from the cross to the throne no short description what happened from the cross to the throne because this is pdf file * PDF *
1405 she left me breathless no short description she left me breathless because this is pdf file * PDF *
1411 stress testing the banking system stress testing the banking system no short description stress testing the banking system stress testing the banking system because this is pdf file * PDF *
1424 the company he keeps the company he keeps no short description the company he keeps the company he keeps because this is pdf file * PDF *
1425 easy riding the all in one car guide no short description easy riding the all in one car guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
1426 cities at risk living with perils in the 21st century advances in natural and technological hazards research no short description cities at risk living with perils in the 21st century advances in natural and technological hazards research because this is pdf file * PDF *
1429 revenge of the reaper racing the reaper series book 4 no short description revenge of the reaper racing the reaper series book 4 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1432 technicians of human dignity bodies souls and the making of intrinsic worth just ideas fup no short description technicians of human dignity bodies souls and the making of intrinsic worth just ideas fup because this is pdf file * PDF *
1434 emotions an essay in aid of moral psychology no short description emotions an essay in aid of moral psychology because this is pdf file * PDF *
1436 the power of a positive attitude discovering the key to success no short description the power of a positive attitude discovering the key to success because this is pdf file * PDF *
1442 how to write clearly no short description how to write clearly because this is pdf file * PDF *
1443 an introduction to nurbs with historical perspective the morgan kaufmann series in computer graphics no short description an introduction to nurbs with historical perspective the morgan kaufmann series in computer graphics because this is pdf file * PDF *
1446 party of one an inspirational guide to letting go of fear and loving solo travel no short description party of one an inspirational guide to letting go of fear and loving solo travel because this is pdf file * PDF *
1448 tomb chapel of menna the art culture and science of painting in an egyptian tomb no short description tomb chapel of menna the art culture and science of painting in an egyptian tomb because this is pdf file * PDF *
1456 beyond sunday a step by step guide to creating and sustaining a vision for your worship team no short description beyond sunday a step by step guide to creating and sustaining a vision for your worship team because this is pdf file * PDF *
1457 the smoothie maker recipe book delicious superfood smoothies for weight loss good health and energy works no short description the smoothie maker recipe book delicious superfood smoothies for weight loss good health and energy works because this is pdf file * PDF *
1458 teachers guide grade 10 reading and writing source book no short description teachers guide grade 10 reading and writing source book because this is pdf file * PDF *
1461 the perfect metabolism plan restore your energy and reach your ideal weight by vance sara author paperback 2015 no short description the perfect metabolism plan restore your energy and reach your ideal weight by vance sara author paperback 2015 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1462 maternal and newborn success a course review applying critical thinking to test taking daviss success series no short description maternal and newborn success a course review applying critical thinking to test taking daviss success series because this is pdf file * PDF *
1465 how to drive a manual no short description how to drive a manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1470 i cant stop worrying a holistic guide to help children cope with stress and anxiety no short description i cant stop worrying a holistic guide to help children cope with stress and anxiety because this is pdf file * PDF *
1475 shooting time conversations with cinematographers no short description shooting time conversations with cinematographers because this is pdf file * PDF *
It is generally hard to imagine that the social media has not influenced the business efforts in the world today. This is because I can even Hire Someone to Write my Thesis via a simple social media talk. Many of those who have been using the social media can attest to that fact.
You put really very helpful information. Keep it up. Keep blogging. I’m looking to reading your next post.
Adults Chatrooms Its Great Chat Room Designs for adults users. Who are mature and like to chat with adults.
Hottest Wallpapers of celebrities and self shots of girls captured by social media in one place just click and save your favorite images.
For anyone who wants to know this, hurry to read this one. For those who want to know this, I want you to read it.
Coffee with Sargeras © 2008 - Keesheep is Original WP Theme Designed by KeeDie To Blogger - by Template-Godown
1489 the brides instruction manual owners and instruction manual no short description the brides instruction manual owners and instruction manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1491 engineering stories realistic fiction in stem no short description engineering stories realistic fiction in stem because this is pdf file * PDF *
1498 that girl is mine part two no short description that girl is mine part two because this is pdf file * PDF *
1502 the blood sugar solution 10 day detox diet cookbook more than 150 recipes to help you lose weight and stay healthy no short description the blood sugar solution 10 day detox diet cookbook more than 150 recipes to help you lose weight and stay healthy because this is pdf file * PDF *
1505 fat loss 34 things i wished i knew when i first tried to lose weight lose fat fat loss how to lose weight weight loss cure eat less fitness bodybuilding book 1 no short description fat loss 34 things i wished i knew when i first tried to lose weight lose fat fat loss how to lose weight weight loss cure eat less fitness bodybuilding book 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1506 pdf of players handbook 5th edition no short description pdf of players handbook 5th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1510 book reviews by reviewer pdf no short description book reviews by reviewer pdf because this is pdf file * PDF *
1512 instructing students who have literacy problems enhanced pearson etext access card 7th edition no short description instructing students who have literacy problems enhanced pearson etext access card 7th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1519 one last strike fifty years in baseball ten and a half games back and one final championship season no short description one last strike fifty years in baseball ten and a half games back and one final championship season because this is pdf file * PDF *
1525 anatomy physiology plus masteringa p with etext access card package 6th edition no short description anatomy physiology plus masteringa p with etext access card package 6th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1526 mudra early songs and poems no short description mudra early songs and poems because this is pdf file * PDF *
1527 the advanced guide to real estate investing how to identify the hottest markets and secure the best deals rich no short description the advanced guide to real estate investing how to identify the hottest markets and secure the best deals rich because this is pdf file * PDF *
1529 checklist for change making american higher education a sustainable enterprise no short description checklist for change making american higher education a sustainable enterprise because this is pdf file * PDF *
1532 stupid laws of wisconsin funny laws in wi from the past and present no short description stupid laws of wisconsin funny laws in wi from the past and present because this is pdf file * PDF *
1535 discrete event simulation in c mcgraw hill international series in software engineering no short description discrete event simulation in c mcgraw hill international series in software engineering because this is pdf file * PDF *
1538 photoshop studio with bert monroy lessons in digital painting dvd no short description photoshop studio with bert monroy lessons in digital painting dvd because this is pdf file * PDF *
1539 living the good life with autism living the good life with autism no short description living the good life with autism living the good life with autism because this is pdf file * PDF *
1541 memories of silk and straw a self portrait of small town japan no short description memories of silk and straw a self portrait of small town japan because this is pdf file * PDF *
1543 arctic voices arctic voices no short description arctic voices arctic voices because this is pdf file * PDF *
1546 wiggle your way fitness potential no short description wiggle your way fitness potential because this is pdf file * PDF *
1551 haynes service and repair manual series no short description haynes service and repair manual series because this is pdf file * PDF *
1558 nice book toward sea freedom sarah lark no short description nice book toward sea freedom sarah lark because this is pdf file * PDF *
1561 manual of water supply practices m51 no short description manual of water supply practices m51 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1562 pro net 20 graphics programming experts voice in net no short description pro net 20 graphics programming experts voice in net because this is pdf file * PDF *
1565 the complete idiots guide to getting and owning a dog no short description the complete idiots guide to getting and owning a dog because this is pdf file * PDF *
1572 tax procedure manual no short description tax procedure manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1573 boiler operator exam preparation guide by tata no short description boiler operator exam preparation guide by tata because this is pdf file * PDF *
1574 Independent People by Halld r Laxness no short description Independent People by Halld r Laxness because this is pdf file * PDF *
1577 notary public study manual nys no short description notary public study manual nys because this is pdf file * PDF *
1579 Summer of Night by Dan Simmons no short description Summer of Night by Dan Simmons because this is pdf file * PDF *
1583 devil boats the pt war against japan no short description devil boats the pt war against japan because this is pdf file * PDF *
1584 understanding the times living courageously in prophetic days no short description understanding the times living courageously in prophetic days because this is pdf file * PDF *
1594 seminole county public schools calendar 2014 2015 no short description seminole county public schools calendar 2014 2015 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1600 smith calculus 4th edition solutions manual no short description smith calculus 4th edition solutions manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1601 ptcb exam practice questions ptcb practice tests review for the pharmacy technician certification board examination no short description ptcb exam practice questions ptcb practice tests review for the pharmacy technician certification board examination because this is pdf file * PDF *
1603 adobe photoshop 5 0 for photographers no short description adobe photoshop 5 0 for photographers because this is pdf file * PDF *
1604 community culture and economic development second edition continuity and change in two small southern towns no short description community culture and economic development second edition continuity and change in two small southern towns because this is pdf file * PDF *
1607 contested spatialities lifestyle migration and residential tourism contemporary geographies of leisure tourism and mobility no short description contested spatialities lifestyle migration and residential tourism contemporary geographies of leisure tourism and mobility because this is pdf file * PDF *
1611 porsche 968 owners manual no short description porsche 968 owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1612 violin concerto in a minor bwv 1041 classical play along volume 7 no short description violin concerto in a minor bwv 1041 classical play along volume 7 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1614 game theory in action an introduction to classical and evolutionary models no short description game theory in action an introduction to classical and evolutionary models because this is pdf file * PDF *
1618 teaching acts unlocking the book of acts for the bible teacher proclamation trust no short description teaching acts unlocking the book of acts for the bible teacher proclamation trust because this is pdf file * PDF *
1620 education question liberal party no short description education question liberal party because this is pdf file * PDF *
1621 one step towards love german no short description one step towards love german because this is pdf file * PDF *
1622 big rigs of the 1970s no short description big rigs of the 1970s because this is pdf file * PDF *
1625 soap making made easy ultimate guide to soap making including recipes 3 books in 1 boxed set speedy publishing no short description soap making made easy ultimate guide to soap making including recipes 3 books in 1 boxed set speedy publishing because this is pdf file * PDF *
1641 amish romance truth be told clean amish romance series amish twin hearts book 2 no short description amish romance truth be told clean amish romance series amish twin hearts book 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1643 showpieces flute and piano no short description showpieces flute and piano because this is pdf file * PDF *
1644 orion dvd player manual no short description orion dvd player manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1653 hsing yi chuan theory and applications chinese internal martial art no short description hsing yi chuan theory and applications chinese internal martial art because this is pdf file * PDF *
1654 film and television acting from stage to screen no short description film and television acting from stage to screen because this is pdf file * PDF *
1655 social and religious history of the jews volume 2 ancient times to the beginning of the christian era the first no short description social and religious history of the jews volume 2 ancient times to the beginning of the christian era the first because this is pdf file * PDF *
1656 john f kennedy for kids learn fun facts about the life presidency and assassination of jfk kids books about no short description john f kennedy for kids learn fun facts about the life presidency and assassination of jfk kids books about because this is pdf file * PDF *
1664 make it fast cook it slow the big book of everyday slow cooking no short description make it fast cook it slow the big book of everyday slow cooking because this is pdf file * PDF *
1665 best manual cars of all time no short description best manual cars of all time because this is pdf file * PDF *
1666 the snow queen with cd audio no short description the snow queen with cd audio because this is pdf file * PDF *
1667 the pocket guide to west virginia employment law no short description the pocket guide to west virginia employment law because this is pdf file * PDF *
1668 mercury 225hp 4 stroke engine factory repair no short description mercury 225hp 4 stroke engine factory repair because this is pdf file * PDF *
1669 re orienting western feminisms womens diversity in a postcolonial world no short description re orienting western feminisms womens diversity in a postcolonial world because this is pdf file * PDF *
1673 the art of throwing the definitive guide to thrown weapons techniques dvd included no short description the art of throwing the definitive guide to thrown weapons techniques dvd included because this is pdf file * PDF *
1678 fundamentals of game development foundations of game development no short description fundamentals of game development foundations of game development because this is pdf file * PDF *
1679 texas study guide for food manager certification no short description texas study guide for food manager certification because this is pdf file * PDF *
1683 marine monitoring platforms marine monitoring platforms no short description marine monitoring platforms marine monitoring platforms because this is pdf file * PDF *
1684 black masculinity and the u s south black masculinity and the u s south no short description black masculinity and the u s south black masculinity and the u s south because this is pdf file * PDF *
1685 beyond zuccotti park freedom of assembly and the occupation of public space no short description beyond zuccotti park freedom of assembly and the occupation of public space because this is pdf file * PDF *
1691 customer care a training manual for library staff chandos information professional series by gannon leary pat mccarthy michael 2010 03 29 paperback no short description customer care a training manual for library staff chandos information professional series by gannon leary pat mccarthy michael 2010 03 29 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
1693 if i stay 2 book series no short description if i stay 2 book series because this is pdf file * PDF *
1694 annual superstars of nascar no short description annual superstars of nascar because this is pdf file * PDF *
1701 dance suite for violin cello and piano no short description dance suite for violin cello and piano because this is pdf file * PDF *
1703 homeland security homeland security no short description homeland security homeland security because this is pdf file * PDF *
1704 direct social work practice theory and skills direct social work practice theory and skills no short description direct social work practice theory and skills direct social work practice theory and skills because this is pdf file * PDF *
1706 biblical questions that demand answers volume viii the covenantal church no short description biblical questions that demand answers volume viii the covenantal church because this is pdf file * PDF *
1711 damn a book of calumny essays of abuse and vituperation no short description damn a book of calumny essays of abuse and vituperation because this is pdf file * PDF *
1712 a new frog my first look at no short description a new frog my first look at because this is pdf file * PDF *
1717 sustainability essentials business scott young no short description sustainability essentials business scott young because this is pdf file * PDF *
1720 eye movement desensitization and reprocessing emdr basic principles protocols and procedures 2nd edition no short description eye movement desensitization and reprocessing emdr basic principles protocols and procedures 2nd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1732 are you there and other stories no short description are you there and other stories because this is pdf file * PDF *
1733 3rd grade science crct review no short description 3rd grade science crct review because this is pdf file * PDF *
1734 power of your love hillsong lead sheet no short description power of your love hillsong lead sheet because this is pdf file * PDF *
1736 modern fighting aircraft e4 no short description modern fighting aircraft e4 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1742 manual of water supply practices m54 no short description manual of water supply practices m54 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1747 its more than just making them sweat a career training guide for personal fitness train no short description its more than just making them sweat a career training guide for personal fitness train because this is pdf file * PDF *
1755 experiment 8 synthesis of aspirin lab report no short description experiment 8 synthesis of aspirin lab report because this is pdf file * PDF *
1756 the hands and feet card deck no short description the hands and feet card deck because this is pdf file * PDF *
1761 philip juras the southern frontier landscapes inspired by bartrams travels no short description philip juras the southern frontier landscapes inspired by bartrams travels because this is pdf file * PDF *
Designing instrumentation for research and experimentation in electrophysiology, neuroscience, biophysics, physiology, and pharmocology since 1982
Cygnus Technology manufactures a range of instruments with an emphasis on electrophysiology. Our core market is neuroscience but our stimulators and differential amplifiers have broader applications in biological research. Other instruments are useful to the neuroscientist but have broad application to the scientific and engineering community in general.
1765 climate change the challenge to all of us no short description climate change the challenge to all of us because this is pdf file * PDF *
1766 special functions encyclopedia of mathematics and its applications no short description special functions encyclopedia of mathematics and its applications because this is pdf file * PDF *
1769 principles of catholic theology building stones for a fundamental theology no short description principles of catholic theology building stones for a fundamental theology because this is pdf file * PDF *
1776 foundations of economics plus new myeconlab with pearson etext access card package 7th edition no short description foundations of economics plus new myeconlab with pearson etext access card package 7th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
1782 solution manual to accompany introduction to operations research no short description solution manual to accompany introduction to operations research because this is pdf file * PDF *
1786 albert bandura the man and his ideas a dialogue no short description albert bandura the man and his ideas a dialogue because this is pdf file * PDF *
1790 advanced presentations by design creating communication that drives action no short description advanced presentations by design creating communication that drives action because this is pdf file * PDF *
1794 definition of literary no short description definition of literary because this is pdf file * PDF *
1795 resolved soul a study of marvells no short description resolved soul a study of marvells because this is pdf file * PDF *
1801 making sense of julius caesar a students guide to shakespeares play includes study guide biography and modern retelling no short description making sense of julius caesar a students guide to shakespeares play includes study guide biography and modern retelling because this is pdf file * PDF *
1805 a tough grace mental illness as a spiritual path no short description a tough grace mental illness as a spiritual path because this is pdf file * PDF *
1806 summarized stories of the quran based on the narrations of ibn al kathir no short description summarized stories of the quran based on the narrations of ibn al kathir because this is pdf file * PDF *
1812 the lactation consultant in private practice the abcs of getting started no short description the lactation consultant in private practice the abcs of getting started because this is pdf file * PDF *
1815 dude ranches of the american west no short description dude ranches of the american west because this is pdf file * PDF *
1822 how to save money piggy bank to stock exchange 8 practical ways to build your savings now no short description how to save money piggy bank to stock exchange 8 practical ways to build your savings now because this is pdf file * PDF *
1823 human adaptation human adaptation no short description human adaptation human adaptation because this is pdf file * PDF *
1824 public speaking guide persuade anyone anywhere anytimehebrew edition public speaking and debate skills no short description public speaking guide persuade anyone anywhere anytimehebrew edition public speaking and debate skills because this is pdf file * PDF *
1825 testing friend or foe theory and practice of assessment and testing master classes in education series no short description testing friend or foe theory and practice of assessment and testing master classes in education series because this is pdf file * PDF *
1829 xk8 rear window regulator replacement jagrepaircom no short description xk8 rear window regulator replacement jagrepaircom because this is pdf file * PDF *
1843 archetype the art of timothy bradstreet signed edition iconic images and cinematic illustration no short description archetype the art of timothy bradstreet signed edition iconic images and cinematic illustration because this is pdf file * PDF *
1848 plastid biology advances in plant biology no short description plastid biology advances in plant biology because this is pdf file * PDF *
1853 sat math guide for good students volume 1 every problem type and strategy the most complete course available explained like a tutor enough hard problems for 50 sat tests no short description sat math guide for good students volume 1 every problem type and strategy the most complete course available explained like a tutor enough hard problems for 50 sat tests because this is pdf file * PDF *
1862 10000 dresses by ewert marcus published by triangle square 2008 no short description 10000 dresses by ewert marcus published by triangle square 2008 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1870 pmp exam prep questions answers explanations 1000 practice questions with detailed solutions no short description pmp exam prep questions answers explanations 1000 practice questions with detailed solutions because this is pdf file * PDF *
1872 diaspora and zionism in jewish american literature lazarus syrkin reznikoff and roth brandeis series in american no short description diaspora and zionism in jewish american literature lazarus syrkin reznikoff and roth brandeis series in american because this is pdf file * PDF *
Iceland, the land of Fire and Ice, has become a popular tourist and wedding destination in the last few years with its glaciers, geothermal pools, majestic waterfalls, an active volcano, and friendly people every photo promises to be postcard perfect. With recent celebrity visitors like Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, Jay Z and Beyonce Iceland is fast becoming the hot travel destination for Americans.
Having your wedding in Iceland could be the perfect way to whittle down your guest list without hurting anybody’s feelings. Even though Iceland is not that far to travel, not everyone who would be able to make it to your US wedding will be able to attend a wedding in Iceland. It’s also a nifty way to combine your wedding ceremony with your honeymoon as there is so much to do in Iceland once your nuptials are over.
Iceland is not very icy. Only 11 percent of Iceland is covered with ice, and the temperature in Summer is usually between 50-55, so brides do need to think about a coat. When New York Fashion Director Mosha Lundstrom Halbert was married in Iceland on New Year’s Eve, she asked her mother, designer Linda Lundstrom to design her dress. Knowing that all Icelandic brides should also have a coat Lundstrom’s design has made waves in nuptial outerwear.
To make your marriage legal, you need to make sure you send all marriage paperwork including your Iceland Marriage License to the National Registry Office in Reykjavik at least two weeks before your wedding date, earlier just to be on the safe side.
Because Icelandic weddings have become so popular, booking a venue for your reception, a photographer, or a church requires at least six months notice if you plan to get married during Summer. There are many wedding companies in Iceland who will make all of the arrangements for you. Make sure you don’t end up with the Icelandic delicacy of raw puffin heart on your menu!
Even if you get married in a church you will want to make use of the stunning scenery for your wedding photos so keep this in mind when packing, no sense twisting an ankle or ruining your expensive wedding shoes when you could have packed some sensible walking shoes for the photo shoot.
Different and unusual options include getting married inside a glacier and burying your wedding vows there for eternity, or on the edge of a waterfall, the mist making it feel like you are up in the clouds with the Norse Gods. An Icelandic wedding will certainly be a wedding to remember.
1875 towards a new understanding of sraffa insights from archival research no short description towards a new understanding of sraffa insights from archival research because this is pdf file * PDF *
1879 997 turbo owners manual no short description 997 turbo owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1881 does furniture depot in new jersey have a store in n y no short description does furniture depot in new jersey have a store in n y because this is pdf file * PDF *
1885 engaging organizational communication theory and research multiple perspectives no short description engaging organizational communication theory and research multiple perspectives because this is pdf file * PDF *
1891 islam in south asia in practice princeton readings in religions no short description islam in south asia in practice princeton readings in religions because this is pdf file * PDF *
1893 Amber Passion The Enchanters 3 by Allie Burke no short description Amber Passion The Enchanters 3 by Allie Burke because this is pdf file * PDF *
1903 crafting with cat hair cute handicrafts to make with your cat amy hirschman no short description crafting with cat hair cute handicrafts to make with your cat amy hirschman because this is pdf file * PDF *
1906 powered by cognero geometry final exam no short description powered by cognero geometry final exam because this is pdf file * PDF *
1908 Captured Lies Caspian Wine 1 by Maggie Thom no short description Captured Lies Caspian Wine 1 by Maggie Thom because this is pdf file * PDF *
1916 baseball a history of americas favorite game modern library chronicles no short description baseball a history of americas favorite game modern library chronicles because this is pdf file * PDF *
1926 yamaha jet ski owners manual no short description yamaha jet ski owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1942 electric shepherd a likeness of james hogg no short description electric shepherd a likeness of james hogg because this is pdf file * PDF *
1947 practical workflow for sap no short description practical workflow for sap because this is pdf file * PDF *
1949 john dewey and education outdoors making sense of the educational situation through more than a century of progressive reforms no short description john dewey and education outdoors making sense of the educational situation through more than a century of progressive reforms because this is pdf file * PDF *
1956 the tao of motherhood no short description the tao of motherhood because this is pdf file * PDF *
1960 minimalism the minimalist solution living with less for a life of simplicity and fulfillment simplicity happiness fulfillment and enlightenment book 1 no short description minimalism the minimalist solution living with less for a life of simplicity and fulfillment simplicity happiness fulfillment and enlightenment book 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1962 how to hypnotize anyone effectively unlocking the secrets of mind control and hypnosis paperback november 12 2012 no short description how to hypnotize anyone effectively unlocking the secrets of mind control and hypnosis paperback november 12 2012 because this is pdf file * PDF *
1972 speak up third edition pdf download no short description speak up third edition pdf download because this is pdf file * PDF *
1974 overcoming organizational defenses facilitating organizational learning no short description overcoming organizational defenses facilitating organizational learning because this is pdf file * PDF *
1975 playing god the bible on the broadway stage no short description playing god the bible on the broadway stage because this is pdf file * PDF *
1978 john deere lx279 owners manual no short description john deere lx279 owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
1987 microsoft onenote in one hour for lawyers no short description microsoft onenote in one hour for lawyers because this is pdf file * PDF *
1988 learn education 2020 com student log in no short description learn education 2020 com student log in because this is pdf file * PDF *
1989 twenty five years in the black belt no short description twenty five years in the black belt because this is pdf file * PDF *
1991 wildman of rhythm the life and music of benny more no short description wildman of rhythm the life and music of benny more because this is pdf file * PDF *
Sony Pictures is looking for the best Gospel choir in America ! If you think your choir has what it takes, come
DetroitGospel.com was in the house for Verizon Wireless's annual "How Sweet the Sound" choir competition Saturday, September 25, 2010, as it made
Vote for your church to be selected as "Featured Church of the Month" on DetroitGospel.com. The church that receives the
Congratulations to Atlanta West Pentecostal Church Choir on winning the title of Best Church Choir in America 2009 for their performance
Judges Dorinda Clark Cole, Kierra Sheard, & Pastor Marvin Sapp Calvery Church Sanctuary Choir Calvery Church Sanctuary Choir, Reginioal Winner,"BEST LARGE CHOIR"
The Verizon Wireless "How Sweet The Sound" choir competition finale took place in Atlanta, Georgia on Saturday, November 8, 2008, at Phillips
The Chicago Crime Scenes Project: "Mushmouth" Johnson's Sister Breaks the Color Barrier at U of C Sorority
July 21, 1907 was an especially hot day in Chicago. All across the city, men in felt hats and women in Victorian bustiers were straining to catch a lake breeze as they went about the ordinary business of their lives. Streetcars were rumbling down Clark and Wells streets, and on Michigan, busy shoppers admired the windows in dry goods stores. On the Westside, the saddest of possible words, "Tinker to Evers to Chance," were being cursed by Cubs opponents as the team slugged its way to the first of two consecutive World Series titles. Everything seemed normal. Too normal. Little did the city's denizens know of the incomparable evil that was stirring in the Southside Hyde Park neighborhood.
Was there a serial killer on the loose? A sex predator? Anarchist terrorists? A rabid dog, even? No, this was something far, far worse. Something that would make page one of every major Chicago newspapers for the next three days. If there are any young readers out there, any with sensitive constitutions or prone to fainting spells, I urge -- plead -- with you to turn away now and spare yourself the shock and horror of it all.
Sorority circles and the social set at the University of Chicago are aghast at the revelation of the identity of one of the school's most prominent women students. Received into a secret society, made a belle at the proms and dances, the girl has been found to be a mulatto.
The girl in question was Cecilia Johnson, and she was the sister of John "Mushmouth" Johnson, the city's gambling and policy (lotto) king, who owned a major State street casino, as well as the upscale Frontenac Club on 22nd street. The family home where Mushmouth, Cecilia, their sister Dora, and their mother, Ellen lived, was at 5830 S. Wabash, pictured here.
Unlike the other three, Cecilia was unusually light-skinned, which caused their neighbors to wonder whether she might have been an adoptee, or perhaps of a different father than her siblings. Cecilia was also exceptionally intelligent, and had completed her baccalaureate at Chicago the previous year with a double major in history and music. She won a scholarship in the history department, and was continuing her studies in a master's degree program.
But it was her membership in Pi Alpha Phi, a university sorority, that brought the city to an uproar that summer. Cecilia had joined the secret society in 1904, her sophomore year, and was quickly made president. As one fellow member later said, "She is bright, witty, and attractive. She dresses in fine clothes, but I do not recall that she ever overdressed, although she had quite a display of jewelry. She always seemed a girl of excellent taste."
Cecilia attended all major social functions at the University, as she had while at the all-white Englewood High School, where she had first met many of her future sorority sisters. She was very popular with the college men.
The other girls found out about Cecilia’s race when one of them read a newspaper account about Mushmouth Johnson in which he mentioned his home at 5830 Wabash, an address they recognized at Cecilia’s. The girl who made the unfortunate discovery explains:
We never for a brief moment suspected she had colored blood in her veins. I remember one time Cecilia was absent from school several days. I received a phone message from her mother to come to see her. It was the first time I was ever in the house. A negro maid opened the door and I was ushered into a well furnished parlor with beautiful oil paintings. Soon a white nurse appeared and took me to Cecilia's room, which was darkened. I thought then I saw the picture of a colored man on the wall, but it was too dark to say definitely. I did not meet any of the members of her family then.
I was invited back in a few days, and I saw our picture hanging on the wall in the library, surrounded by several colored persons. I was surprised, of course, but I did not think much of it, as I had heard her mother was a nurse of Mrs. Abraham Lincoln's, and I thought it likely she might have become acquainted with negroes at that time. But after I read that article in the paper about "Mushmouth" Johnson, I knew she was related in some way to him.
The other sorority girls had long wondered about the source of Cecilia’s wealth. They were jealous of her beauty, her popularity, and her wardrobe. When they heard that she was hiding a secret, a conclave of the sisters (sans Cecilia) was held to hash out the matter. A minority of the girls calmly suggested that Cecilia’s secret remain within the group, that she be allowed to remain in the sorority unmolested, but the majority insisted on a confrontation. The meeting was apparently so rancorous that the sorority disbanded (the majority later restarted it, minus Cecilia and those who stood by her).
When news leaked to the press, all of Chicago’s major newspapers printed the story on page 1, along with condescending quotes from some of Cecilia’s former sisters:
"Certainly she had the best of everything, and I am sure she is a fine girl. It's too bad, but I suppose it would have to come out sooner or later."
"Cecilia is a fine girl in every sense of the word and if it were not for her color I would willingly have her in my sorority.”
When questioned by a reporter, Cecilia admitted her race and heritage. “Certainly,” she said when asked if she was sister to the city’s gambling king.
The next day, when reporters showed up at the family home on Wabash, they found no one to talk with:
The Johnson house at 5830 Wabash avenue was shut all day. The shades were drawn, windows locked, and there was no answer to the doorbell or the telephone. In the flat above, which is occupied by a negro family, it was stated that the Johnsons had refused to see anyone, including the postman.
On the third day of the scandal, the Tribune published a mea culpa, which indicated that, yes, Cecilia Johnson was black, and she was a co-ed at the U of C. However, the paper admitted that some of the details printed in their earlier stories had been incorrect, and issued a public apology to Miss Johnson. The note did not indicate which details were incorrect, however. Was she, not, in fact, related to Mushmouth Johnson? If so, then why had she responded “certainly” when asked that question by a Tribune reporter? Was she not a member of a sorority? It’s hard to imagine the paper could have gotten that critical detail wrong.
Perhaps the scandal weighted heavily on Mushmouth Johnson; his business had brought shame to a family member with a very bright future. Mushmouth died less than two months after the story broke.
Regardless of which parts of the printed accounts of Cecilia Johnson are true, the story indicates the deep racial boundaries that existed in Chicago at the time. Twelve years later, those boundaries would rupture into an all-out race riot. Even today, Chicago is one of the most (de facto) segregated cities in the country.
One of the ways social scientists measure segregation is with a “Dissimilarity Index,” which measures the extent to which blacks and non-blacks live in different areas of a city. It can be interpreted as the fraction of black residents who would have to move to a new neighborhood in order to attain an even racial distribution. A (hypothetical) city in which all blacks lived in one neighborhood would have a Dissimilarity Index of 1.0, since 100% of blacks in that city would have to move to other neighborhoods to achieve perfect desegregation. A city where blacks were dropped out of a helicopter (with parachutes!) randomly over an entirely white city and then built houses wherever they landed would have a Dissimilarity Index of 0.0.
Chicago’s Dissimilarity Index in 1910 was 0.69. By 1970, it had reached 0.91 (nearly completely segregated), before falling to 0.84 in 2000. By contrast, New York and Los Angeles had values of 0.81 and 0.67 in 2000, respectively. Chicago was the fourth most segregated city in the country in 2000, bested only by Detroit, Bergen-Passaic, NJ, and Gary, IN.
The cubs were still playing at the West Side Grounds at this time. They have never won a World Series at Wrigley field.
Great story, thanks for sharing! Although, Celilia was light skinned she was not mulatto. Her mother Mrs. Ellen Johnson was light skinned with fine wavy hair and of mixed heritage, but was not a white woman. It's clear that Cecilia looked a lot like her mother, but it's not unusual that black couples have children of varying skin color within a family. It just so happened that Celilia was the lightest of the offspring obviously having her mother's hair texture. It's funny, in the 1910 Census (at the same address) Eudora and Cecilia are listed as white. From the one photo I've seen of Eudora, she looks brown skinned with distinctive black features. I'm hoping to come across a photo of Cecilia to see how white she actually looked. BTW; In the 1900 Census (at the same address) the Johnson family are all listed as black (John Sr., Ellen, Eudora and Cecilia).
If you need your ex-girlfriend or ex-boyfriend to come crawling back to you on their knees (even if they're dating somebody else now) you gotta watch this video
I suspect cecillia was Mr Johnson's daughter not his sister not hating i have big respect for men like mr Johnson who inspite of everything whites did to keep the black man down he got paid and paid well !!!! But i believe cecillia was his daughter not his sister.
Send your comments, suggestions, or ideas for future posts to chicagocrimescenes [at] gmail [dot] com.
CCDTR investigator Dr. Louis Philipson has been featured in a Science Life post about the link between mental health and diabetes. He discusses the need for improved depression screening and psychosocial care for patients with diabetes. Click here to read the post.
Like his creations, James Dyson (64), made famous by the invention of the bagless vacuum cleaner, is a rather unique prototype : as an engineer and designer equally interested by looks and functionality, he appears as a prolific inventor as well as a shrewd business man. Despite a fortune estimated by Forbes magazine at more than one billion pounds, a knighthood by the Queen and a guest starring role in popular American TV series Friends, he remains incredibly low key, and more likely to be found gardening than attending jet set parties. Here, the inventor reveals to Chic-Londres a few of his personality traits…
If I had to change one thing about the way I look: Actually, I would quite like to change the way I see, as I still have to wear glasses despite braving laser surgery.
Faults in others or myself that I am most likely to forgive: Making mistakes. In fact, this isn’t really a fault: it is how we learn and discover.
If I had to change one thing about the way I look : Actually, I would quite like to change the way I see, as I still have to wear glasses despite braving laser surgery.
My favourite pastime: Making things. Lots of people in England think that engineers fix things, when actually they do create them.
What I wanted to do when I was a kid: I wanted to be either a bassoonist, an actor or a painter. I even considered becoming an estate agent thanks to a clearly confused careers advisor! Nowhere did design engineering feature, and it was only through my indecision at the Royal College of Art that I was eventually seduced.
My favourite book: The Lunar Men by Jenny Uglow, which tells the story of a group of 18th century “discoverers” -artists, engineers and manufacturers- who effectively made the future.
My favourite artist : My wife Deirdre, who paints and designs exquisite hand woven silk rugs, which make for excellent wall art.
My favourite film: I would rather see a play, such as Spamalot, which made me laugh out loud. I hear that there is a Dyson in the new Transformers film, but I haven’t seen it yet!
My favourite heroes in fiction: As a child I looked up to the heroes of the Eagle revue, like Dan Dare, “Pilot of the Future”!
What makes me really angry: Everyday things that are accepted, even though they don’t work properly. For example, hand dryers which don’t dry hands, or vacuum cleaners which clog and lose suction.
My greatest achievement to date: Other than a very creative family, I would say creating the first bagless vacuum cleaner. I thought it would be a six week job, but it actually took me five years and over 5000 prototypes to do it… And it then took another ten years to get it to market.
My definition of beauty: Something which works perfectly is beautiful to me. How something works is infinitely more important than how it looks.
My current state of mind: Questioning… I am constantly looking at how and why something works as it does. And then I look at ways to make it better.
REGIOJET and Eurolines bus stop is located on Conradstraat. It is a street corner Weena and Conradstraat. The landmark is a high-rise building with the heading "Albeda college.
2005 a guide to evidence based integrative and complementary medicine 1e no short description a guide to evidence based integrative and complementary medicine 1e because this is pdf file * PDF *
2017 Pygmy by Chuck Palahniuk no short description Pygmy by Chuck Palahniuk because this is pdf file * PDF *
2018 guided reading activity 12 1 answers no short description guided reading activity 12 1 answers because this is pdf file * PDF *
2022 root cause analysis in health care tools and techniques fifth edition no short description root cause analysis in health care tools and techniques fifth edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2025 hollowing out the middle the rural brain drain and what it means for america by patrick j carr 2010 07 27 no short description hollowing out the middle the rural brain drain and what it means for america by patrick j carr 2010 07 27 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2029 the besht magician mystic and leader the tauber institute series for the study of european jewry no short description the besht magician mystic and leader the tauber institute series for the study of european jewry because this is pdf file * PDF *
2031 but i could never go vegan 125 recipes that prove you can live without cheese its not all rabbit food and your friends will still come over for dinner no short description but i could never go vegan 125 recipes that prove you can live without cheese its not all rabbit food and your friends will still come over for dinner because this is pdf file * PDF *
2035 the law of contracts and the uniform commercial code no short description the law of contracts and the uniform commercial code because this is pdf file * PDF *
2038 get through mcem part b data interpretation questions no short description get through mcem part b data interpretation questions because this is pdf file * PDF *
2040 machining technology for composite materials principles and practice woodhead publishing series in composites science and engineering no short description machining technology for composite materials principles and practice woodhead publishing series in composites science and engineering because this is pdf file * PDF *
You guys will know how much I want to filling my summer with adventures and day trips. My friend Jana, only has a few weekends left in the North Islands before she starts her South Island travels before heading back to Germany in January, so we really wanted to fit in a road trip together to see the very north of New Zealand.
We decided to hire a Camper Van with Wicked Campers which was great, it had everything we needed and the bed was relatively comfortable. I was a little bit skeptical when Jana came and picked me up from work because they are known for their out-there paint work on the side of their vans, but luckily we were chilling with the beetles all weekend!
We left Auckland around 5:30/6pm after work and headed North. We originally wanted towards to Paihia and camp there for the night, but as we got closer to the Bay of Islands it was getting pretty late, so we stopped off at freedom camp in Kawakawa, only a short drive away from Paihia. I wouldn’t stay at this freedom camp again purely because I felt unsafe, it’s basically a carpark at the back of the Hunderwasser toilets, there were motorbikes driving past every 5 minutes and as two girls alone in a campervan.. it probably wasn’t the best option for a place to camp for the night. But as a big group of people, I can imagine it feeling like a much better place to stay. There are no costs to stay the night and a public toilet a short walk away.
We got up relative early on the Saturday because the weather was amazing and we wanted to see/do as much as we could because the weather for Sunday didn’t look too appetising. Our first top was Paihaia, a small beachside town in the Bay of Islands- which was beautiful, the sun was still rising as we arrived so we stop to watch the sunrise for a little while whilst walking along the beach. Next stop; Waitangi Treaty Grounds. We didn’t have too much time at each place because we really wanted to get up to Cape Reinga around lunch time. The treaty grounds tour would of taken a couple of hours and would of cost $50, so we decided to skip this and head towards the rainbow falls in Kerikeri. This is defiantly somewhere you should stop if your driving past the Bay of Islands, the waterfall is beautiful, and there is a short bush walk to get to the waterfall so it was nice to get out of the van and walk around, and it didn’t take up too much time either.
After stopping at the waterfalls we decided to head straight to Cape Reinga. The state highway 10 takes you along the coast towards doubtless bay, before merging with the state highway 1, both are beautiful drivers through the hills of the North Island. Be careful driving these roads as a few of the turns are a bit risky if your not paying attention, we arrived at Cape Reinga just after 1pm. Cape Reinga is possibly one of the prettiest places I have ever been too and is so worth the 6 hour drive from Auckkand. After we spent time walking to the lighthouse and around the tracks that run parallel to the ocean, we decided to head to the giant sand dunes, only a short drive from Cape Reinga. It was windy so sand got EVERYWHERE!! But still fun! I think there are a few camp sites towards Cape Reinga, but you are pretty deserted and there are no big towns near by, so we decided to head towards Shipwreck Bay, which is the start of 90 mile beach, and pay for a an non-powered site for the night. We stayed at the Ahipara Holiday Park, which cost $36 for the night, with access to the cleanest campsite toilets/showers I have ever seen, the kitchen, bbq area and the main room where rugby was playing on the TV when we arrived! – I would stay here again!
The weather on the Sunday was pretty dire to be honest with you, it had rained pretty much all night so once we had woken up and got dressed we decided to head to Whangeri as there are a few things you can do inside e.g museums, so it didn’t matter if the weather was pretty poor. However about 1 hour into the drive the weather cleared and we had another stunner of a day. We stopped off at Whangeri falls- which were alot prettier than I thought they would be and met up with an old work friend for lunch whilst Jana visited the kiwi museum. We had lunch along the harbour which was a lovely setting for a summer lunch. After lunch we hit the road again for a short while to visit Ruakaka. Theres not a great deal to do in the town centre, but the beach was beautiful and I would probably drive the 2 hours on a summers day from Auckland to spend the day there. We dropped the camper back off in Auckland at around 6pm on Sunday had a no problems dropping if off. I loved this road trip and its one to do if you only have weekends free if you are working 9-5 Monday-Friday because you can fit so much in a short space of time!
We especially thank the residents and businesses for their patience during storm recovery. Debris generated from a hurricane is typically in the hundreds of tons and will take several weeks to collect.
Hurricane debris removal begins Monday, September 18, 2017. Crews will work six days a week. We will start at Route 1. Then proceed to Route 2, etc. two full sweeps will be conducted to remove all storm debris.
Yard Waste-large tree limbs and branches (must be cut smaller than 6’ in length). Please do no bag yard waste
Place debris away from trees, poles, fence, low hanging wires or structures including fire hydrants, meters and mailboxes.
The City of Milford "Let Us Know" form can be used to help us identify a problem in your area -- and fix it fast, or let us know about something we are doing right! Should a problem require urgent attention, please call us immediately. For a police emergency, dial 911. Otherwise, call (302) 422-6616.
Booya’s fans are rabid. But... what is the cherished Minnesota tradition? 6:45 a.m. by Sarah Brumble
Review: Coen Bros masterfully tell dark tales of the West in Netflix's 'Ballad of Buster Scruggs' 33 minutes by Tony Libera
Contemporary playwright Sarah Ruhl’s affectionate comedy The Clean House follows the unlikely bonds between three vastly different women: Matilde (a Brazilian immigrant working as a housecleaner), Lane (the affluent doctor who employs Matilde), and Virginia (Lane’s philosopher sister). Instigated by Matilde’s aversion to cleaning, Virginia steps in to perform the task, arguing that the act provides a kind of existential fulfillment. At the same time, Lane’s estranged husband, a surgeon, is making a mess of another kind, professing his love for Ana, one of his former patients. Ruhl demonstrates her skill for adeptly playing off eccentric personalities with grounded humor, satirizing the class distinctions from a heartfelt perspective. The material should prove especially memorable in the hands of Theatre Unbound, longstanding advocates for works created by women. Carolyn Levy returns (after her popular staging of The Good Fight) to direct the four-person cast. For tickets, go to www.theatreunbound.com.
From Cilantro chef Ken Canavan. This recipe appeared in Simple Treasures: from the collection of Canadian Rocky Mountain Resorts.
Combine all marinade ingredients and massage into ribs. Marinate in the fridge for two days, turning occasionally. Cook ribs over low heat on the barbecue, brushing with marinade, until ribs are cooked. Boil the remaining marinade briefly and serve with the ribs. Serves 4.
The main thing to remember is that you are trying to provide the optimal conditions for your back to heal. That includes avoiding pain provoking activities and postures. Maintaining neutral spinal posture is the goal and this is easier with the help of aids such as tape, back braces, supportive mattresses, office chairs etc. Exercises …
‘Hulas’ Stand up Place your hands in the small of your back for support Gently circle your hips around your hips and legs that remain relatively still Circle one way then the other Repeat about 6 times each way hourly Benefits: frees up the joints at the base of the spine and unloads the discs
BPPV occurs when someone experiences dizziness while their head is in a certain position. It is most common in older people, but can also occur after whiplash inuries, concussion, sports injuries, and some antibiotic medications. CAUSE: BBPV is caused by crystals (otoconia) floating in the semicircular canals of the ears that increase the densitivity of …
I'm a brand strategist at Landor Associates specializing in brand architecture and portfolio strategy. Twitter: @martinjbishop
Putting social media to work for packaged-goods brands (September 2011) Landor.com (Writer's cut of the Hub Magazine article (i.e. longer!))
For Love & Money: Putting social media to work for packaged-goods brands (September 2011) The Hub Magazine
Finding Your Nemo: How to Survive the dangerous Water of Ingredient Branding (March 2010) ChiefExecutive.net
Marketing is dead; long live marketing: Attracting consumers in the post-mass marketing era (January 2009) Landor.com
Join 'em, fight 'em, or move away from 'em: Three approaches to beating low-price competitors at their own game (July 2008) Landor.com
Brand Sliders: A tool to systematically evaluate brand architecture questions (December 2007) The Hub
Overstock u-turns on its decision to go to o.co. What's with all these changes of direction these days?
Does Quaker's plan to enter the yogurt market in a partnership with a German dairy company make sense?
What do we think about the new name for the DVD part of the Netflix business? Just plain bad or deliberately bad?
There's a contrived familiarity about the new campaign that's not helpful. Do we really want to be this friendly with The Shack?
A good idea or not that Radio Shack is going to refer to itself as "The Shack" in a new marketing campaign?
SunChips is walking the walk when it comes to eco iniatives. Chips made by the sun in fully compostable bags.
What are the alternatives to cutting prices to deal with the recession? Many marketers think "value" is the answer but that tactic is now over played.
Will Smart Balance be the one? Includes my "quip:" "They don't want to spread their promise too thin."
Blog Archive August (1) July (1) March (1) January (1) December (1) November (2) October (6) September (4) August (1) July (4) June (6) May (4) April (5) March (6) February (3) January (10) December (4) November (4) October (10) September (6) August (9) July (3) June (5) May (9) April (8) March (14) February (15) January (7) December (6) November (9) October (11) September (8) August (9) July (9) June (11) May (11) April (13) March (20) February (15) January (21) December (14) November (20) October (26) September (18) August (15) July (18) June (15) May (23) April (14) March (18) February (16) January (30) December (19) November (22) October (22) September (19) August (11)
Celebrating a birthday party is such a joyful and momentous occasion. Set your celebration off in unique style with this fabulous custom Breakfast at Tiffany's theme Sweet 16 birthday party invitation. Everyone on your guest list will be so...
Celebrating a birthday party is such a joyful and momentous occasion. Set your celebration off in unique style with this fabulous custom Glitter Birthday Cake theme Sweet 16 birthday party invitation. Everyone on your guest list will be so impressed...
Roll out the Red Carpet because a "STAR" is having a birthday! If you are planning a Hollywood Red Carpet Movie Star Sweet 16 Birthday bash this year, then you have found the perfect invite! Celebrating a birthday party is such a joyful and...
If you are planning a fabulous Sweet 16 birthday party, then you have found the perfect invite! These Hot Pink and Black Sweet Sixteen birthday Invitations are just what you've been searching for! Everyone on your guest list will be so impressed...
Not everyone can attend New Orleans' most lavish celebration of the year, but one look at our dazzling Mardi Gras-themed party invitation design, and you'll be instantly transported. Set your celebration off in unique style with this fabulous Mardi...
If you are planning a fabulous Sweet 16 birthday party, then you have found the perfect invite! These Neon Spray Paint Sweet Sixteen birthday Invitations are just what you've been searching for! Everyone on your guest list will be so impressed with...
If you are planning a Pink and Black Polka Dot theme Sweet 16 Birthday bash, then you have found the perfect invite! These Pink and Black Polka Dot Sweet Sixteen Birthday Invitations are simply stunning in person and will really set off your...
Celebrating a birthday party is such a joyful and momentous occasion. Set your celebration off in unique style with this Pink Royal Princess theme Sweet 16 birthday party invitation. Everyone on your guest list will be so impressed with the quality...
If you are planning a fabulous Sweet 16 birthday party, then you have found the perfect invite! These Pink and Black Vintage Chalkboard Sweet Sixteen birthday Invitations are just what you've been searching for! The beautiful vintage floral cake and...
Celebrating a birthday party is such a joyful and momentous occasion. Set your celebration off in unique style with this fabulous Tiffany Blue Chandelier theme Sweet 16 birthday party invitation. Everyone on your guest list will be so impressed with...
If you are planning a fabulous Sweet 16 birthday party, then you have found the perfect invite! These Turquoise and Black Sweet Sixteen birthday Invitations are just what you've been searching for! Everyone on your guest list will be so impressed...
Wendy is this tall and sexy transsexual who loves to fuck dudes as much as she gets pounded as well. Observe her get some nice mouth job from this chap and then observe her slam her hard stick up this stud's asshole. Then, observe her switch places and ge
Epp is this tall and killer Oriental transsexual who can't live without to fuck guys as much as she gets drilled as well. Witness her receive some valuable face hole job from this young dude and then watch her ram her stiff stick up this stud's asshole. T
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. Read this 2257. We has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. If you see something illegal, please, email us and we will remove it ASAP: ABUSE. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parts DMCA. We have no control and take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. This website is labeled with ICRA, parents, protect your kids. Webmasters: 7-ZERO-286-SIX-564
I don’t even know if it’s worthy of continuing just after reading this article. I feel that I'll halt mainly because it’s simply just ruining my workload. I'm able to try out once more later on in everyday life when there’s better investigate geared toward normal bodyweight, active women. Having said that now I recognize that eating breakfast is not really an absolute and we will beat Current market The united states if we choose to.
This startled me since the report MDA cited was for me one of several strongest proponents of intercourse-certain dissimilarities in response to fasting.
For your very best literature review writing that you can find online just Make contact with our very dedicated industry experts as a result of our convenient to use service!
For Girls this may be a very sensitive problem. Overweight Girls may perhaps expertise metabolic Added benefits, whereas normal excess weight women never. I think that that may approximately be the situation, but who is aware. Truthfully, no-one at this stage.
I have discovered Bulletproof IF being pretty beneficial. The only real trouble is I’m sensitive to caffeine, so I prefer to go with decaf, although the MCT oil and butter do get me from the early morning without the need of worry.
“I used to be impressed with the final results: extensive, good investigate; and superb writing (over a really technological undertaking that way too..). It was fantastic on the main go – no grammatical difficulties and no edits required. Best-notch!”
The mix of such Internet sites provides me guidance on permitting go, while finding in excess of the thought of searching a certain way and debunking some probable myths. Thank you thank you.
Godot Media exceeded my anticipations. They shipped punctually as well as work required hardly any edits. You’ll be hard pressed to find e-book writers of the high quality for this kind of competitive price!
Superb post!! I uncover it so irritating that there are tons of scientific studies inside the fitness and nourishment earth that just don’t take note of the differences between the sexes!! Exclusively, I’m frequently becoming told by other (male) trainers that I should really test IF, mainly because they’re obtaining these types of remarkable results.
I concur that the majority of the data about IF is sexual intercourse-biased, but I do think the foremost issue here is that everyone is so keen on micromanaging each and every aspect of their lives. I'm an IF opportunist. I in no way ‘intend’ to rapidly. But, contemplating The truth that this food plan is very restrictive, especially in social configurations, like our ancestors, when there isn't any adequate foods all over, I only don’t consume, as an alternative to compromising my food plan. But, I never power myself to fast Once i am hungry. If Ladies definitely desire to pay attention to their bodies, then they'll eat when they are hungry, rather than eat when they're not hungry, or when there is absolutely no meals all around. It’s as simple as that. When they are pursuing a healthier paleo diet regime, I don’t see how they are able to go Mistaken. As for Ramadan, I can’t believe that that there is literature about pregnant Women of all ages fasting. My exposure to Islamic tactics is limited to Morocco, which is a very liberal and modern state, and more than there Expecting or menstruating Girls, the youthful as well as the outdated or the sick of possibly sexual intercourse, Never Quickly.
This he said rendition in the common folktale contrasts two existence along with the sample is evident. (See web page eight.)
Time4Writing is often a homeschool mother or father's best friend! Here is why... We tackle all of the lesson preparing and grading.
What's more, the several scientific tests which were performed on non-obese Girls have demonstrated that their metabolic responses are not just about as sturdy as These of men, and may in fact be antagonistic to their health and fitness.
Thanks, Natalie. I feel you strike the nail on the head. The other 50 percent to bingeing is purging, and vomiting undoubtedly isn't the only strategy to purge. They Nearly never come about without having each other.
An independent four-year institution with campuses in Aurora, IL, Woodstock, IL and Williams Bay, Wisconsin. Discover what matters and build your life around it!
We are providing Mock test (1000) freely for subject and full syllabus wise which covering topics like General Knowledge, Current affairs, General science, Aptitude, reasoning, Engineering streams, Technology, Medical, Banking awareness and other questions. Which are very useful for all kind of UPSE, SSC, Banking, State Civil services, GATE, JEE, IAS, IFS, other PSUs and Public sector competitive exams.
This is the best time to have own application be it a business app or even a utility app or possibly a CSR Racing 2 Hack, you can make a fantastic reap the benefits of one time development cost. Apart from web development, the mobile app development and effective design, we also do effective online ...
For present security aware issues, getting into, managing and monitoring internet site website visitors is actually a primary endeavor. Front desk staff and protection officials in many companies now use tough to depend on, inaccurate and inefficient paper based devices. Purchaser management describ...
Get hold of an un-seaworthy row-boat which can be brightly decorated for playing Robinson Crusoe. Make sure the wood or metal is properly finished and free from cracking or splintering. playgrounds are another place you can help your child prevent a head lice infestation. Head to head contact is an ...
Tell customers that it's also possible to work on friends and family. If you are going on location and there's other people around, actually tell them you have plenty of time to work on them for those who are available. You are already there so not really try make actually money as you're able? Just...
Evaluate Of Mexican Auto, RV, Motorhome, Motorbike Insurance coverage Companies Security Helmet: Required by law beneath age 21. Over age 21, riders aren't required to put on a helmet with proof of successful completion of rider training or $10,000 of medical insurance coverage masking injuries ensu...
A Wine Lover's Weekly Guide To $10 Wines - A South African Shiraz by Levi Reiss For fans of movies like myself, Netflix is a wonderful way to travel. Not only does it supply you with usage of an array of different movies and television shows, even so the progression of Netflix Instant signifies that...
Staying in a condominium feels different from staying in a HDB flat. There may be safety, a swimming pool, a health club, barbecue pits and in addition the sensation of a high finish living environment. It gives somebody a rich feeling perhaps? These days condominiums are going high tech. My uncle's...
As a centre for local crafts, the complex houses a comprehensive collection of crafts from all over the country. There are galleries that showcase crafts based on materials and make. There's also a Crafts Museum that displays the history and craft heritage. An art colony there allows you to mingle w...
Low Cost Coast To Coast Bike Rent Whether you're taking the back roads to Okoboji in the summertime, trip to the Sturgis rally every August or just get pleasure from touring space roads on the weekends, your motorcycle gives much more than a method of transportation. We aren't satisfied till our cus...
I've just study a study working with urge for food-suppressing drugs, principally 1 known as Phentermine (that's the generic title; it's branded with other names this kind of as Fastin). Most of the critiques on this fat burning item will have typical stands in some points. Initial, theyall concur t...
If you're like most men, you're going to want to include some muscle. So first off, do some stretching exercises as these bulk up are great in enhancing flexibility and movement of your muscle tissues and joints. If you know someone who is an Skilled coach then discover their number. Here are some s...
I moved to Macau a few years ago, so learning Cantonese has become a necessity for me. Unfortunately I've never learned a different language before, so it's been a difficult journey. I was hoping that other people could share what methods they've tried and what works for them:
Understanding tense and aspect of English can be a difficult problem for most of Indonesian English learners. This difficulty is due to different typology and grammatical system between Indonesian language and English. In English, tense belongs to grammatical categories. Therefore a good mastery of tense will be very significant for learners competence in English.
An easy indicator about this confusion can be proved when the students think there are twelve or even sixteen tenses of English. This misconception surely will lead to practical disorder when they have to apply those tenses into sentences.
Theoretical explanation about the nature of each tense is not enough to overcome it. In this case, a practical application of the concept tense and aspect of English is urgentlanation of tense and aspect of English incorporated in to contextual sentences is more effective than conventional explanation.
Short story can be the media for the students in understanding tense and aspect of English based on two main reasons. Firstly, short story provides the context in which a certain tense is used. Secondly, short story provides time indicators. The combination of context and time indicator represented by the chronological order in a shot story will be influencing circumstances that boost
This paper is aimed at exposing some benefits of using short story in understanding tense and aspect of English. It also focuses on the practical steps and considerations in using a short story as a tool in understanding tense and aspect of English.
Description Interview (pt. B) with Melissa Tanner at her home in Grouse Creek, 18 July 1985: old ranch house and new house in town; foodways; chili sauce and other canning; desserts; ranching; quilting; horses. Mono, left channel only. Lots of bumping into the microphone. Some overload on tape. Often difficult to hear interviewer. Tail of side A and top and tail of side B cut off. Total Duration: 1 hour and 35 minutes
Relation Recorded interviews were digitized as part of the Sound Model: Collaborative Infrastructure for Digital Audio project coordinated by the Collaborative Digitization Program and funded through a grant from the Institute of Museum and Library Services. Recordings and searchable transcriptions are available as part of the Heritage West Digital Library at http://www.bcr.org/cdp/search.html
Conditions for use Credit reproduction to James E. Walker Library, Middle Tennessee State University
Digitization note Digital copy created by Creekside Digital from negative microfilm with support from Lyrasis and the Sloan Foundation
Rights This item is provided courtesy of the State Archives of North Carolina and is a public record according to G.S.132.
Collection Pension Bureau: Act of 1901 Pension Applications. Office of the State Auditor. State Archives of North Carolina
Current location of V-2017.ru host was found to be: Russia. Lower down this page is a map and more details of V-2017.ru location. We think our information is right, but if you think otherwise then send us a message about it.
Google Analytics provides an excellent set of tools to enable you to determine visitor rates, visitor geography and other things they do when they access v-2017.ru
The charting services that Alexa makes available show a global ranking by audience numbers, engagement figures, and the average amount of time people spend browsing v-2017.ru
Traffic rates, audience geography, bounce rates and much more are all available from SimilarWeb for v-2017.ru
Discover the v-2017.ru pages that Google has decided to feature in its search pages. The best way to find out is with the "site:" query.
Did you register v-2017.ru and do you want your details removed from this website? If so, please do not wait to get in touch.
D-me aims to guide you through the huge store of data we get from the internet every day. We provide a comfortable environment for all your browsing needs, but still manage to provide you with as much domain name info as we can. We know you will like what we do, and we want to hear about it.
Laguna Family Dental, owned by Dr. Stan Arellano, is located at 9024 Franklin Boulevard in Elk Grove, CA. As your local dentist in Elk Grove, our offices are conveniently located and easily accessible from all major thoroughfares. Our office contains only the most up-to-date, state-of-the-art dental equipment, which means you will experience no pain or discomfort during your dental exam and dental treatment procedures.
We strongly believe in our patients comfort and we go beyond the norm to make sure that all of the details are covered. Our Elk Grove dental office utilizes an exceptional sterilization system that surpasses even the strictest OSHA standards. Additionally, we only use distilled water for all of our dental procedures, instead of the regular tap water, like is commonly used in other dental offices. For you, this means that there is no chance of contamination.
As your local dentist in Elk Grove, Laguna Family Dental is passionate about dental care. That passion extends, naturally, to the care we provide for all of our patients. We offer only the latest dental treatment options and use the most up-to-date dental equipment available. Our dental staff has been hand-picked by Dr. Arellano, for their skills, compassion, and knowledge. We treat every patient  from children to seniors  like the individuals that they are. You will never be treated in an assembly-line manner, being a number and not a person. We take the time to listen to you, to ask questions, to answer your concerns, and to allay your fears. And we always emphasize preventative dentistry, working with our patients to make sure that their home dental care is regular, thorough, and comprehensive.
There are some dental treatment processes that we do not provide. If you are in need of such care, we provide referrals to local specialists in Periodontics, Implant Dentistry, and Endodontics. These referrals are only to dental specialists that we trust, that we know are skilled and empathetic. In fact, they are the same dental specialists that we and our family members see, for specialized procedures.
In addition to accepting cash for your dental exams and treatment, our office also accepts Visa, Master Card, and Discover, in addition to personal checks and ATM / Debit cards. We also offer a third-party payment plan, which allows our patients without dental insurance to receive timely dental care, from exams to cosmetic dental treatments.
Please call us here at Laguna Family Dental today. Were looking forward to working with you to achieve a beautiful, natural, healthy smile.
Wednesday, June 28th 2017, 03:17:50 AM Published at Mari Alva Johanna, Interior Design. Monochromatic white dining table set with ikea harry chairs set on laminate floor design idea. Simple teal wooden dining nook table set with ladder back ikea harry chairs designed beside corner windows. Small black and white dining nook table combined with beautiful yellow ikea harry chairs set after slim refrigerator and shelving unit.
2052 attachment in adulthood structure dynamics and change no short description attachment in adulthood structure dynamics and change because this is pdf file * PDF *
2058 global housing markets crises policies and institutions no short description global housing markets crises policies and institutions because this is pdf file * PDF *
2059 not like a native speaker on languaging as a postcolonial experience no short description not like a native speaker on languaging as a postcolonial experience because this is pdf file * PDF *
2065 infection control in home care and hospice no short description infection control in home care and hospice because this is pdf file * PDF *
2068 the german kitchen traditional recipes regional favorites no short description the german kitchen traditional recipes regional favorites because this is pdf file * PDF *
2075 campbell essential biology 5th edition by simon eric j published by benjamin cummings 5th fifth edition 2012 paperback no short description campbell essential biology 5th edition by simon eric j published by benjamin cummings 5th fifth edition 2012 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
2080 automotive parts aftermarket market in us 2014 2018 deep research report pdf no short description automotive parts aftermarket market in us 2014 2018 deep research report pdf because this is pdf file * PDF *
2085 lds sunday school lessons no short description lds sunday school lessons because this is pdf file * PDF *
2087 suzuki sv650s manual signal light no short description suzuki sv650s manual signal light because this is pdf file * PDF *
2088 fodors ireland 33rd edition the guide for all budgets completely updated with color photos and many maps no short description fodors ireland 33rd edition the guide for all budgets completely updated with color photos and many maps because this is pdf file * PDF *
2094 honda cb550 owners manual no short description honda cb550 owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2098 whitetail tracks the deers history and impact in north america no short description whitetail tracks the deers history and impact in north america because this is pdf file * PDF *
2100 deployed prt collective example no short description deployed prt collective example because this is pdf file * PDF *
2105 learning to program with alice w cd rom 3rd edition by wanda p dann march 072011 no short description learning to program with alice w cd rom 3rd edition by wanda p dann march 072011 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2106 Dreamboat Dad by Alan Duff no short description Dreamboat Dad by Alan Duff because this is pdf file * PDF *
2109 6th grade awards speech examples no short description 6th grade awards speech examples because this is pdf file * PDF *
2114 the new workforce challenge how todays leading companies are adapting for the future by hatum andr s published by palgrave macmillan 2013 no short description the new workforce challenge how todays leading companies are adapting for the future by hatum andr s published by palgrave macmillan 2013 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2123 cookery postcards from penguin no short description cookery postcards from penguin because this is pdf file * PDF *
2129 by author adelante uno 2nd edition ringbound textbook with supersite code and answer key no short description by author adelante uno 2nd edition ringbound textbook with supersite code and answer key because this is pdf file * PDF *
2135 should abortion be legal in controversy no short description should abortion be legal in controversy because this is pdf file * PDF *
2137 pregnancy first crucial things motherhood no short description pregnancy first crucial things motherhood because this is pdf file * PDF *
Even if you have never visited Mexico or explored its rich heritage, seen its colorful diversity or tasted its many flavors, you have probably drank a margarita or thrown back a shot of Jose Cuervo. Tequila is no longer the hidden elixir of Mexico; it is now a fundamental beverage on the shelf of nearly every bar in the world. Unfortunately the art of appreciating tequila did not spread as quickly. Lick the salt, slam the shot and bite the lime is more for spring break in Miami. When in Mexico, each tequila is different and has its own form of being consumed. At Discover Mexico Park in Cozumel, you can begin your vacation by learning the finer points of this unique and flavorful alcohol.
Discover Mexico delivers exactly what the name implies, an all-encompassing view of who and what is Mexico. There are multiple packages available, but for individuals over 18, the tequila tasting seminar is informative, entertaining and delicious. It also includes access to the parks many visually stunning creations and projects depicting the culture and style of this beautiful country. You can sit in cool comfort while viewing a four screen video collage paced to regional music featuring vibrant and inspiring photos from all around the country. You will see how every region has its own style and history that has formed who they are today. You can also walk through the replica garden and find scaled figures of the ancient pyramids and structures built by the early Aztec, Maya, Olmec and Totonac people. There are also replications of colonial Spanish buildings including monuments, cathedrals, and the Paseo de la Reforma, the original boulevard in Mexico City.
Back to why you have really come, to learn about tequila. You will sit family style, around a table in an elegant setting, with a professional “tequilero,” or tequila specialist, from Jose Cuervo. Here you will be enlightened on the abundant history of the drink, its humble origins in Jalisco, Mexico and how it is produced today. You will then be presented with five types of tequila: “blanco,” the clear bottle, “reposado,” the light gold bottle, “anejo,” the dark amber bottle, tequila cream and tequila liquor. Tequila is as varied as scotch or rum. Some are made for mixing, some for shooting and others for sipping. Along with how to drink your tequila, you will be given excellent pairing suggestions. Did you know cinnamon goes very well with some tequilas?
When you have finished with the history and the variety of tequila, you will be shown how to mix the perfect margarita. As you sip on your creation, a light Mexican lunch will be provided. These are not just skills for your time in Mexico. This is wisdom you can take back home, share with your friends and surprise your local bartender. Learning to properly enjoy tequila can change how you view the beverage and how you choose to consume it.
You can replace flooring in a mobile home easily with our step-by-step instructions and collection of resources.
What types of floors do you recommend for Mobile homes? Floating floors are ideal for Mobile Homes for two reasons. 1st, The base sub-floor of these homes ...
Jul 21, 2017 ... Something not quite right? We're here to help. Read this to learn how you can go about replacing mobile home floors in 7 easy steps!
Aug 17, 2018 ... You can replace flooring in a mobile home easily with our step-by-step instructions and collection of resources.
Jul 26, 2013 ... homes include manufactured homes, modular homes, panelized homes, and pre-cut homes. ... The floor decking material, attached to the floor joists, is usually .... than or equal to the loads identified in Step 2 of Chapter 9.
Home .... "Flashing is required where exterior porches, decks, or stairs attach to a wall or floor assembly of wood frame construction. Flashing should be ...
Decomagna ltd - Kenya, Nairobi, Kenya. 26374 likes · 27 talking about this. Quick-Step, original laminated floors. Manufactured in Belgium, now...
You can contact our head-office directly, or leave a message on the message board,Free live-chat is available and you can get help immediately.
New Comics For You at Comic Carnival Every week we share the new releases coming out this Wednesday. We have moved to a new store just down the sidewalk from our old location. Details are here!
Almost every Saturday Comic Carnival hosts gaming at Noon and 4 PM. Often this is a Heroclix game, but some times we run other games. Follow the link to find our schedule. at 12:00 pm
“Finding someone you love and who loves you back is a wonderful, wonderful feeling. But finding a true soul mate is an even better feeling. A soul mate is someone who understands you like no other, loves you like no other, will be there for you forever, no matter what. They say that nothing lasts forever, but I am a firm believer in the fact that for some, love lives on even after we're gone.”
Please consider making your Amazon purchases using the Amazon Smile web site. It’s simple and automatic with no extra cost to you. All your purchases are still the same low price and deals. The wonderful bonus is that Campaign Against Human Trafficking-SouthShore receives 0.5% on every item you purchase! It adds up, allowing us to increase our funding to the many local organizations involved in saving human trafficking victims and children-at-risk.
It’s simple: Go to smile.amazon.com. Type in Campaign Against Human Trafficking –SouthShore in the charity box and continue with your purchases. You can use any existing account you have set up with Amazon.
Campaign Against Human Trafficking-SouthShore, a 501(c)(3) organization. Copyright 2017. All Rights Reserved. sccblueheart@gmail.com | Tel. (813) 603 3100 | Address: CAHT-SouthShore, P.O. Box 5491, Sun City Center, FL 33571
As some of you know, I volunteer with some of the Selah Freedom survivors. It is such a rewarding experience and you can help! We are looking for two donations: a acoustic guitar with six strings, can be very used but playable, and portable piano keyboard. Some of the ladies truly enjoy music. Call me (Annie Garrison) at 813-938-5660 or email at anngarrison66@gmail.com,
Your new committee chairs are gearing up for the fall. There are great ideas being presented at CAHT and we hope you will join us if you have not already done so! Give them a call to join their committees!Here are our Committee Chairs:
We are looking for a new Membership Chair. Melanie Graziano is stepping aside to devote more time to her successful real estate career. She has done an awesome job for us and we will miss her on the board. If you are interested in learning more about this position, call me (Annie) at 813-938-5660 or anngarrison66@gmail.com.
Your Board of Directors and Committee Chairs are holding a planning session in early August. They will be reviewing this upcoming year’s goals and how we can improve our effectiveness in implementation of next year’s plans. We will share our results at our kick-off general meeting, Monday, September 17th.
Don’t forget our summer fundraiser is fast approaching. BINGO NIGHT AT HAMBURGER MARY’S, BRANDON LOCATION, Sunday, Aug. 12th. Game starts at 6 pm sharp. Gather your friends and join us for a fun evening. Great prizes, 50/50 raffle, $10 bingo cards for $10. Best of all, help us raise funds to support our area human trafficking safe homes, rehab and skill development centers and school education/prevention programs. Please make a reservation by calling 813-643-2110.
Asterisk Password Decryptor is a powerful tool to recover lost or forgotten passwords. It allows you to reveal the hidden passwords on password dialog boxes and web pages that are hidden by the row of asterisks (*****). You can simply drag the icon to any password box to find the real password hidden by the asterisks.
Asterisk Password Decryptor instantly recovers lost passwords from most Windows applications that store passwords hidden behind the asterisks. It easily recovers passwords for e-mail accounts in Microsoft Outlook (32-bit and 64 bit editions), Windows Mail and many other e-mail clients, FTP accounts in CuteFTP, FlashFXP, FileZilla and other FTP clients. Asterisk Password Decryptor also allows to see the hidden password on web pages in Internet Explorer.
Recent Changes: Asterisk Password Decryptor x86 and x64 v3.31 is now available for download with Windows 10 Creators Update support, improved translations and many other improvements and fixes.
Supported Languages: English, Arabic, ChineseSimplified, French, German, Italian, Polish, Russian, Slovenian, Spanish, Turkish
OpenCloner UltraBox 1.80: All-in-one software which can be operated conveniently on the main interface.
Copyright © 2006-2018, by Free Software Downloads, All rights reserved. Privacy statement | Terms of use
If you are a member of Pierce Chiropractic in 1732 S Jackson St, Jacksonville, TX 75766, (903) 586-0808 and wish to list or update your clinic (Pierce Chiropractic) details, it is FREE for submitting your clinic (Pierce Chiropractic) information into our directory. Email to john ( at ) ChiropractorToday.com about your request.
Digitization Process Digitization process: Scanned using an Epson V750 as 1200 ppi, 48-bit, RGB .tif; derivative resampled to 3000 pixels on the long edge, 24-bit .jpg
An inventive, lyrical ode to creativity and an intimate examination of the artistic impulses of Australian-born musician and cultural icon Nick Cave. In their debut feature, directors Iain Forsyth and Jane Pollard fuse drama and documentary, weaving a staged day in Cave's life with never-before-seen verite observations of his creative cycle.
Paris has the Louvre, London has the Tate Modern, and New York the Metropolitan Museum. But Husavik, Iceland - a remote village on the fringe of the Arctic Circle - boasts the world's only museum devoted exclusively to painstakingly preserved male genitalia. Founded and curated by Siggi Hjartarson, the Icelandic Phallological Museum houses mammalian members collected over 40 years.
The series returns with two-time Academy Award winner Kevin Spacey as the newly appointed Vice President of the United States, along with Robin Wright, this year's Golden Globe winner for her role as his wife, Claire Underwood. This series continues to sizzle with intensity as the ruthless Underwoods stop at nothing to climb the political food chain.
In the second season, Francis (Kevin Spacey) and Claire (Robin Wright) Underwood continue their ruthless rise to power as threats mount on all fronts.
Provides a riveting look at the thrilling courtroom battle waged against Mary Surratt, the only female charged in the murder of President Abraham Lincoln, featuring an all-star cast including James McAvoy, Kevin Kline, Tom Wilkinson, Evan Rachel Wood, Alexis Bledel and Justin Long. Robert Redford Directs and provides audio commentary.
Drafted as a 17-year-old, the 2000 season was a development year for O'Brien as he spent the year in the Sandringham reserves side where he played in the premiership side that season.
Despite putting on muscle, and having enough speed to be considered for a half-back or wing role O'Brien was delisted at the end of 2001 after ten games for the Sandy seniors. He joined Springvale in 2002
Created by supermercado. Last Modification: Saturday 08 February 2014 17:06:42 AEDT by Supermercado. (Version 14)
It is for 2 stroke 49cc Engine/motor For pocket bike Fs509,Fs529,mini chopper and super chopper Fs517 which comes with pull starter,Muffler,Carburetor,stock air filter,49cc coil,44mm stock cylinder , Clutch and Transmission.
This little black-boy-demon-child road around in his tiny house on wheels--so tiny, maybe two feet long and two feet high, and very elaborately constructed, with arches and molding and roof tiles... Me, I was kind of lost in a dark city with my friend, and there was the premonition of danger, knowing that this tiny house was on the road somewhere, and that it would soon find me. I'd seen it before, and had run away from it every time it approached, but had been able to watch from a third POV perspective the demon child emerge and attack its victims. It was so dark outside. I left my friend knowing I would have to be alone to draw in the tiny house demon, even though I was so scared and didn't want to, but something was leading me through the motions. I climbed up onto a raised platform. Suddenly the tiny house pulled up and the scary evil demon boy emerged and started to try to get up on the platform. I was trying to fight him off, but he was grabbing me everywhere, and I knew he was about to rape me. Then I awoke.
Later another freaky dark landscape. I was hanging out and texting with the lead singer of Blink182, who was sending me very bizarre picture messages of his own house-demons. Later I recall being pressed up against a wall in a room where all my friends and family were sleeping by this really, really tall naked man who was trying to stick his enormous dick in me. I recall perhaps wanting it, but also being very afraid.
In case that you are not able to log in to the administration interface, please try to take the following actions:
house plan websites fresh open floor plan ideas beautiful living open home plans new open home plans index wiki 0 0d small open house small house plans awesome very small house plans index wiki 0 0d open floor plan home unique beautiful house plans open floor plan easy to build house plans beautiful beautiful house plans open floor 5 bedroom open floor plans luxury bedroom bungalow house floor plan open house plans awesome open house plans with new beautiful house ranch style open concept floor plans beautiful how to decorate an small open house plans lovely european style house plans fresh index floor plans luxury draw your house plans fresh floor plans for
2142 skills and drills peak performance techniques for the athletic mind spirit of golf no short description skills and drills peak performance techniques for the athletic mind spirit of golf because this is pdf file * PDF *
Please select the items that interest you. You will receive periodic communications from us regarding your selections.
All LOGOS and TRADEMARKS in this site are property of their respective owner. © 1887-2013 by me and others. DISCLAIMER: If you see or read anything on my pages that you don't like ... just look somewhere else !
Which words did shakespeare invent which did he popularize where were they coined and how did he do it all all that and more in shmoop's shakespeare words. Thank you for visiting our website below you will be able to find the answer to hamlet says words, words, words in it crossword clueour site contains over 28 million crossword clues in which you can find whatever clue you are looking for. Word play in hamlet a principal theme in shakespeare's hamlet is the strength and flexibility of language words are used to communicate ideas, but can also be used to distort or conceal the truth and manipulate.
Ogden 1 laura ogden lana starkey engl1800 12/03/2017 self-fashioning through words, words, words in hamlet in the same way that shakespeare creates the character of hamlet by choices of voice, vocabulary, tone, and actions, hamlet can create his own character through deliberate choices of speech and action. Hamlet is established as (1) suicidally reckless, not valuing his life above a pin, (2) prudish, disliking drunkenness, (3) philosophical, drifting easily into a disquisition on character from the discussion of drinking. William shakespeare's “hamlet” is one of the most tragic plays ever written it is about a young prince trying to keep his word to his dead father by avenging his death. For nearly the entire play, hamlet wrestled with the words of his father's ghost asking him to take revenge against claudius for having killed king hamlet now, claudius is dead by hamlet's hand.
Hamlet: hamlet and father essay hamlet grieving his father’s death in hamlet by william shakespeare william shakespeare’s play, hamlet, is a tragedy that is set back in the kingdom of denmark. The tragedy of hamlet, prince of denmark by william shakespeare, act i april 1, 2013 by vocabularycom (ny) shakespeare's famous tragedy tells the story of a danish prince who must decide whether or not to avenge his father's death. The city: although hamlet is set in elsinore, castle of the danish king, shakespeare seems to be thinking of england, where the city always referred to london, the center of all political and cultural activity. ‘words, words, words’: 11 great quotes from william shakespeare 400 years after his death, the bard is as relevant as ever from hamlet, act 1, scene 3 this above all: to thine own self be true, tweet your favourite lines by william shakespeare directly from this story. Staging the ghost in hamlet how a director chooses to stage the ghost in hamlet influences how audiences are supposed to read the action and conflict of the play after all, the ghost is the one who tells hamlet about the whole revenge tragedy plot.
Synonyms, crossword answers and other related words for hamlet we hope that the following list of synonyms for the word hamlet will help you to finish your crossword today. “words, words, words” ― william shakespeare, hamlet read more quotes from william shakespeare share this quote: like quote recommend to friends hamlet by william shakespeare 628,523 ratings, average rating, 10,275 reviews open preview browse by tag. A list of words that contain hamlet, and words with hamlet in themthis page brings back any words that contain the word or letter you enter from a large scrabble dictionary we also have lists of words that end with hamlet, and words that start with hamlet search for words that start with a letter or word.
A list of words that end with hamletwe search a large scrabble dictionary for words ending with the letter or word you enter, and generate all words ending with hamlet (words with the suffix hamlet) also try our list of words that start with hamlet, and words that contain hamlet, and synonyms of hamlet search for words that end with a letter or word. The potent poison quite o'ercrows my spirit i cannot live to hear the news from england but i do prophesy th'election lights on fortinbras he has my dying voice it is a poisoned tempered by himself exchange forgiveness with me, noble hamlet look at that moustache whatcha lookin' at laertes. In two of shakespeare’s plays, hamlet and othello, the power of words helps drive the central action of the plotswhile there are different motivations for characters to employ the power of words and language in both hamlet and othello, the result is generally the samefirst of all, it becomes clear that the words themselves have the power to shape and create a sense of reality.
Words, words, words: a discussion of themes in hamlet we’ve all heard the talk about the theme of revenge in hamlet , and the theme of suicide, and of pride all these themes apply, but there is one that overarches these and connects them and, i believe, is the central theme to this tragedy. 5 synonyms of hamlet from the merriam-webster thesaurus, plus 3 related words, definitions, and antonyms find another word for hamlet a small residential settlement synonyms: bourg, townlet, vill find the right word since 1828 menu join mwu.
The genius of hamlet, the very sane prince of denmark essay example 2446 words | 10 pages the genius of hamlet, the very sane prince of denmark hamlet in shakepeare's the tragedy of hamlet, prince of denmark is often seen as a lunatic. Hamlet words words words sun, 30 sep 2018 18:25:00 gmt hamlet words words words pdf - state-of-the-art methods using bag-of-words-based feature vectors have proven less effective for sentiment classication than for topic-based classication (pang, lee, and vaithyanathan, 2002) this. I’ll talk to him again—(to hamlet) what are you reading, your highness hamlet words, words, words hamlet a lot of words polonius what is the matter, my lord polonius and what is the subject hamlet 185 between who hamlet between whom read the summary of act ii, scene ii.
Passing through Duntulm I spotted this fella sitting in a field. The sky was just starting to light up so I had time to stop and check it out. Surprisingly, I don't think it was derelict. It looked a bit dodgy but it appeared to have been run fairly recently.
I only use professional photo paper, and do all printing in a professional lab so you receive the longest-lasting and highest quality photographic prints. Standard mounted photos look their best in any situation. Prints that are mounted will not ripple or bend in frames over the years. You also gain the option of hanging them as-is, without a frame. Unless specified, standard prints are finished with a lustre coating.
- Sizes from 12x18 to 24x36 are mounted on 2mm Styrene, a smooth mounting surface that resists warping.
This print is currently unavailable in this format. If you are interested in more information, contact me
Photos take on a magical luminescence when displayed on metal prints, an art medium for displaying photos by infusing dyes directly into specially coated aluminum sheets. These come ready to hang with hanging hardware included, or can be framed. Metal prints are finished in high gloss.
/We are issuing a call of interest for scholars currently working on the topic of /*/online political campaigning/*/. As part of a British Academy grant, and in association with the Electoral Commission, we are looking to gather together a small number of scholars for a workshop on /*/January 24/**/^th /**/-25/**/^th /**/ 2019 in Sheffield. /*/This workshop is intended to allow scholars from across Europe and beyond/*//*/to share research findings and discuss the challenge of studying online campaigns./ /Over recent months a number of initiatives have been launched by social media companies to improve transparency around online political campaigning, but at the moment we have limited understanding of what, exactly, is going on. Whether it comes to political advertising on Facebook, content sharing on social media platforms, or other digital campaigning actions, we have limited understanding of what political parties and other campaigning organisations are doing./ /This workshop will bring together scholars interested in studying online political campaigning to consider how data can be gathered, what quantitative and qualitative methods or approaches are needed to understand digital campaigning practices, and what the implications of digital campaigning for democratic norms and regulation are./
/Scholars with quantitative and qualitative experiences of studying online political campaigning are encouraged to apply./ /The organising team have a small budget to pay for the travel and accommodation of participants – including international participants. As places are limited, we are asking potential participants to email //(k.dommett /at/ sheffield.ac.uk)/ <mailto:(k.dommett /at/ sheffield.ac.uk)>/ and //(s.d.power /at/ exeter.ac.uk)/ <mailto:(s.d.power /at/ exeter.ac.uk)>/ with a short overview of your recent research in this area. Applications from early career scholars are particularly encouraged. The workshop will be composed of presentations and contributions for participants, but we will not be asking for full papers as the aim is to share experiences and reflections of //_how _//research can be conducted, as well as what the findings of specific research projects are./
If you would like to see the latest presentation or just fancy a chat, please either call the studio or email us. We look forward to hearing from you.
Common is a visual ideas studio with global credentials in all forms of design thinking and solutions. We create mindful foundations for brands to shine, however large or small.
Common Root – Mutual Aid Center welcomes you to Lincoln’s first Porchfest! Sunday, September 11th from 3-7 PM.
Porchfest! LNK is a music festival where porches become stages for local performers to share their craft with you! Walk around, explore your neighborhood, meet your neighbors, and fall in love with the beautiful Goodhue area neighborhood.
We are always looking for volunteers. Wanna hop on board? Visit: commonroot.net/porchfest to get involved!
New Twitter list! Healthcare transparency on the rise, hospitals cutting jobs, fixing the chaotic pricing system of employment-based health insurance, and why healthcare's take on non-compliance is all wrong. Get daily tweets by following us @ExecInsight Read More...
Editor's note: This blog was written by Amanda Guerrero, who originally contributed this piece to Software Advice . Amanda is a writer and blogger specializing in EHR, patient portal technology and Meaningful Use. From her years working as a file clerk Read More...
New tweet list! Social media and security, quality care for less money (is it possible?), and why bad perfomers are happier. Get daily tweets by following us @ExecInsight . Huntington Hospital Big data initiative seeks to make a searchable cancer care Read More...
With tighter budgets and an increased emphasis on providing the best outcomes for your patients, you can’t afford to have lingering open positions. Every day a position goes unfilled costs your organization money. Finding the right candidate requires Read More...
New tweet list! Interoperability as Oz, millennials want fun at work, embedding social engagement into business strategy and more, of course. Get daily tweets by following us @ExecInsight . Doug Laney Intel's original business plan from 1968. One page. Read More...
New tweet list! Break your meeting addiction, telehealth adoption, and maybe it's time for a national patient identifier. Get daily tweets by following us @ExecInsight . MGMA Learn how calculating patient panels can improve practice flow and patient care. Read More...
New Twitter list! Engagement vs. user experience, big data and savings, and consumers "oblivious" to healthcare costs, and more. Get daily tweets by following us @ExecInsight . Vala Afshar Harvard Business: don't confuse engagement with user experience Read More...
Meaningful Use stage 2 updates, the growth of ACOs, using a downturn to your advantage and mobile in healthcare just keeps getting bigger. What else? Catch daily tweets by following us @ExecInsight . FierceHealthIT CMS, ONC make technical updates to meaningful Read More...
(Editor's Note: This guest blog was written by Timothy Bednarz, PhD, Author of “ Great! What Makes Leaders Great: What They Did, How They Did It and What You Can Learn From It ,” a finalist in the 2011 Foreword Reviews ‘ Book of the Year . It was excerpted, Read More...
The five questions great job seekers ask, Medicaid expansion, the fiscal cliff as a catalyst for growth, and more! Catch daily tweets by following us @ExecInsight . Sarah Kliff A look inside the high-stakes game of chicken states and the Obama admin. Read More...
New this week! Sandy and the value of IT infrastructure, 3 simple management practices and why docs are scared to engage patients on social media. Catch more tweets by following us @ExecInsight . HL7 Standards Hurricane Sandy proves the value of health Read More...
The problem I've been finding when it comes to making a homebrew dock has been in sourcing headers to attach the Omega2s, assuming you don't want to permanently solder it in place.
Can't seem to find anywhere easily accessible (for Australia) that has 2mm pitch header sockets available for 16 pins (or even a combination of fewer pins added together). Or at least not without taking the price higher than it would cost to buy sufficient expansion docks directly from Onion.
Has anyone found a cheap source for 2mm headers? Either through hole or surface mount would be okay, would just need to adjust the circuit board to deal with what's available.
The power spikes when the wifi is active. I've seen about 420 mA on one board and the absolute peak is probably a bit higher. There seemed to be a significant difference between the two boards I have, about 350 for one and 420 for the other, so I'm not sure how representative that would be.
@Ken-Conrad That's a good find, 16-pin ones are hard to find. One could also order 20-pin headers and just cut off the excess pins. They seem to have a really good selection of all sorts of sizes on Aliexpress, though no 16-pin.
For what it's worth I got 2 mm 16 pin headers from this supplier and received them to the US in 8 days. That's probably not typical though.
Prior to getting 2 mm bits, I built up a jig on a 0.100" perf board with individual sockets for power pins, serial I/O, and locating sockets on the corner pins (2 of which are GND anyway). I put the socket headers on the Omega, inserted them through the closest hole in the 0.100" (so they were angled to go from 0.100" to 2 mm), and soldered in place. The socket headers I had were cannibalized from a wire-wrap DIP socket I had in the junk pile.
@Mark-B That is also a nice find for a 2mm headers supplier, at half the price I paid per header. Sometimes a lower price means the slowest mail from China, perhaps not with this seller. From either supplier will have to wait for the end of Chinese New Year, ie after ~2/8 to order.
@Ken-Conrad @Mark-B They look perfect. And I suppose I can blame Chinese New Year for not being able to find these or anything similar. Looks like ebay hides all the items for sellers that go on holiday :(
@Keij-H eBay search for the listing should still work, but you can't order until the seller turns off the 'vacation notice'.
@Ken-Conrad Oddly enough, if you go to the "see other items" or "visit store" links, even from an existing directly linked item like those above, ebay claims that no items are available. You can only find the item if you already know the item number. (It really feels like I had to use the word 'item' too many times in this post.)
@Keij-H I just order the full 40pin lengths and cut them to suit. You lose a socket wherever you cut it, but you can file and smooth it out enough to make it not look cruddy. Plus it's the cheapest way to get them! ;)
Oh, and I have some of those boards that manuti manuti has linked coming (are in the post should should turn this week hopefully) :edit: scratch that, had just arrived!, and they do look really handy if you don't have a dock, and want to shove an Oak onto a breadboard or just have an easy way to power it.
@manuti-manuti Well, I take that back... they had actually arrived in yesterdays post so they had actually arrived when I wrote that I was expecting them! :laughing:
They look really good. I had also ordered some breakout wings which just do the conversion from 2mm to 2.54mm. So I now have the option of straight-out breakout adaptor (which should be be very breadboard friendly as you can have the wings go under the Omega2 and make more of the breadboard accessible) or a quasi dock with USB power and a serial connection. Nice! Just went and ordered a load of bits from eBay to populate the board... hopefully I got all the right bits! :D :crystal_ball:
https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/boUh3Ezt very similar to the previous one but maybe can be populated with bigger diveces.
I used seeed studio for pcb fabrication for it is much cheaper than oshpark and pcbs.io, is it possible for me to download the design files and sent to another pcb house to get manfactured?
Experience Japan through the Richmond-Shimada Friendship Commission's Ambassador Program. Student and teacher ambassadors live with host families, attend language and/or cultural classes, visit schools, speak to community groups and participate in local events. Upon returning to Richmond, all Ambassadors are required to take part in local Friendship Commission activities and are encouraged to host youth ambassadors from Shimada, Japan.
Youth from local high schools travel to Shimada, Japan in late June of each year to experience Japanese culture first hand for four weeks. Applications for the following year are due in December. If you are interested in the program, please contact us or click the link to view the application for requirements and deadlines.
The Richmond Shimada Commission also coordinates visits from youth in Shimada, Japan. While the Shimada Youth Ambassadors are in Richmond, they attend conversational English classes, attend civic activities, visit Richmond schools and local attractions. Friends and supporters of the Richmond Shimada Sister City program graciously contribute by opening their homes to our visitors. If you are interested in becoming a host to give the Shimada youth an experience of living with an American family, please contact the Richmond Shimada Friendship Commission for details.
Host families provide transportation, food and lodging for their guest. During the visit, the commission coordinates cultural activities that offer a touch of American life to our visitors. The excursions include visits to local high schools, youth programs, tourist attractions, recreational activities and meetings/special events at City Hall.
The Richmond Shimada Commission hosts youth from Shimada, Japan, in March of every year for 10 days. If you are interested in hosting one of our guests in your home, please contact a member of the Commission for details. You may access the host family flyer and application by clicking the following links.
Shimada is a city located in Shizuoka Prefecture of central Japan. It distributes lumber products, manufactures machinery and produces food products. Tea and Mandarin oranges are cultivated on the plateau near the city. During the Edo Period (1600-1868), Shimada was a crossing point for the Oi River and was a prosperous post-station town on the Tokaido highway. Because of its importance in cross-Japan travel, Shimada has been depicted in woodblock prints by Utagawa Hiroshige and in poetry by Matsuo Basho, a 17th century poet who helped perfect the art of haiku.
Please visit the Shimada Friendship Ambassador webpage at www.RichmondFriendship.org to learn about past and upcoming activities.
This e-mail address is protected from spam bots, you must enable JavaScript in your web browser to view it
© 2018 - Compagnieduloup.org does not claim ownership to any content found on this site. All images are copyright to their respective owners.
This Bukit Batok Badminton Training is specially for student who are in school team and looking for better improvement or preparing to join competition at Johor or others. Everyone know that school team player in Singapore mostly lacking behind of standard. Caused this is not the coach faults or the student not working hard. 2 Reason we found,first is court availability in Singapore not enough for them to train. Impossible that a coach can train 10 student in 1 court and all able to improve faster ,after survey 12 student who from school team in different school with STBA.Normally the training program in school are burn stamina work, run 10 round ,sit up , push up etc.
Although this are useful but this will be shorten the badminton training time in the court. So we can see most of the school team player are good strength but without good skill during age of 9 - 16.We ever have student that just join us come with full of attitude problem and bad habit,also he is from school team. " NO eyes see". But we changed him in 4 months times from click here 4rd single and now he became the first single in his school.Thanks god.Initially we don't take such student due to..
Secondly,school have budget for hire a badminton coach. As long as cheap and register under MOE not care about coach standard also accept with contract. School has no choice. We need to respect.
AVS Video Editor allows you to edit your home videos with ease. It supports HD and Blu-ray videos. You can split, join, rotate, and edit your media and apply over 300 video effects or transitions. AVS Video Editor lets you add various menu styles and you can also burn your media to DVD or Blu-ray discs, or share them on the Internet.
As a video editing suite, it works perfectly fine to create home-made multimedia compositions, but unfortunately a professional editing suite it is not. AVS Video Editor features a fresh interface that is easy to use, and has been designed around the classic editor layout, with different panes that are dedicated to media library, timeline and preview window.
If you like to play around with your video media with applications such as Windows Movie Maker, then AVS Video Editor is going to be just what you are looking for. It includes loads of transition effects, video effects, and text and video overlays. You can also add additional audio and video overlays to add special effects or annotations to your media. You can apply color corrections, white balance adjustments and various other video effects to the duration of the movie or to individual scenes.
As soon as you have completed your project you can export and convert the movie to different formats including AVI, MPEG (DVD), iPod, WMV and also burn it to DVD or Blu-Ray disc.
Overall, AVS Video Editor is a full-featured, yet easy-to-use, video editor that enables you to edit and enhance your videos and convert them to a variety of formats. It is lacking some professional tools, but then again, it is not designed to be used by professional film makers.
*AVS Video Editor is available in English, Danish, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Russian and Spanish.
So so happy to be back in the "swing" of Get Messy and a new season! The season of Adventure!! Yah! \o/
This weeks prompt was all about a place we had been and we had to describe it using the senses. Well, it wasn't hard for me to pick Mumbai as my place as it is most certainly ticks all the boxes for the senses that's for sure.
A little background about me and Mumbai first though. My husband is half Indian (his Father is Indian and his Mother is Irish, it was all very romantic, she was a nurse and he was a doctor) and my husband was born and lived there for the first 21 years of his life. We've been to Mumbai three times and even got engaged there (that's another story for another day!) so when I go I am very lucky to have my own personal tour guides to see the local sights as well as the tourist ones.
I used some fibres and threads I had hanging around from forever for the right hand page and drew on some paisley designs from some Indian stationary I had bought. The embossed gold medallion is from a card again from a stationary set I bought over there.
Here is a close up of the texture page, I think I can get the extra bonus points for bringing in "touch" to my page??
I made the photograph (which is actually a vintage postcard I bought whilst in Mumbai of the Taj Mahal Intercontinental Hotel into a pocket to hold some rupees and a small tag (again part of my stationery stash from India) to make a note of all of the things which I remember most from Mumbai and what you can see, hear, taste,smell and touch)
Here is a close up of the left hand page. The Taj is a really special place to my husband and his family. They always went for Christmas Dinner there and by all accounts it was quite the production when they did. Of course I had to get some hand lettering in there, I seem to be gaining a reputation for it now!
Thank you for your interest in submitting new music to Radio ND. Please read the information on this page carefully before proceeding. . Please contact us for more info.
Our company offers a virtually unlimited list of capabilities because of our vast corporate networking. Within our alliance are companies of all sizes. When it comes to our business, we offer our customers a powerful resource and a recipe for success. Please contact us for more info.
Began his career as a dramatic actor, and a film actor. After graduating from the Far Eastern State Academy of Art in 2005, he worked as an actor in the Moscow Roman Viktyuk's Theatre, then participated in several projects of DEREVO dance company in Germany.
In 2009 he founded his own company PoemaTheatre in St. Petersburg, Russia. Until now, the whole history of Valentin is associated with his work on this most important project. More than 40 projects in several countries were created. PoemaTheatre's "OUT OF THE
FOREST" performance staged at ARCHSTOYANIE Festival in 2013 is considered to be the most famous project of the group. More than 100 artists took part in the performance.
Valentin has developed the method named "semiotics of the body" for his theatre, which was the result of a comprehensive education in the . Key insight of the method is "attention to his body outside the two points - the mind and the being."
Butoh - a Japanese avant-garde dance - had a major influence on the method. Among Valentin's teachers are well known Japanese masters such as Ko Murobushi, Carlotta Ikeda, Masaki Iwan?, Taketeru Kudo. PoemaTheatre works led to creation of Butoh Village laboratory that develops butoh dance in Russia and a series of experimental works called Butoh Channel aimed at combining butoh with other dancing techniques.
Valentin Tszin actively teaches his discipline in Russia, Ukraine , Colombia, Germany, Greece, France, the Netherlands. PoemaTheatre's team is constantly changing depending on the projects and geographical areas they work in. Valentin often invites choreographers and dancers from around the world to take part for his projects.
"Body semiotics" - a leading method of creating performances and a basis concept of PoemaTheatre. This method is practised by the actors of theater for more than three years. This method is based on the principle of rejection of the body, as a tool for linear narration and the transition to the zone of an intuitive body, body - symbol.
2155 senior year a father a son and high school baseball no short description senior year a father a son and high school baseball because this is pdf file * PDF *
2163 the gardens of japan no short description the gardens of japan because this is pdf file * PDF *
2165 mozambique rising building new tomorrow no short description mozambique rising building new tomorrow because this is pdf file * PDF *
2170 handbook of cross cultural and multicultural personality assessment personality and clinical psychology series no short description handbook of cross cultural and multicultural personality assessment personality and clinical psychology series because this is pdf file * PDF *
2171 opel ascona and manta owners workshop manual no short description opel ascona and manta owners workshop manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2174 ipod touch 3g user manual no short description ipod touch 3g user manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2180 employee manual for walmart no short description employee manual for walmart because this is pdf file * PDF *
2183 words of art a compilation of teenage poetry no short description words of art a compilation of teenage poetry because this is pdf file * PDF *
2186 challenging southeast asian development the shadows of success no short description challenging southeast asian development the shadows of success because this is pdf file * PDF *
2191 the making of a poem a norton anthology of poetic forms no short description the making of a poem a norton anthology of poetic forms because this is pdf file * PDF *
2196 quotes from the book thief no short description quotes from the book thief because this is pdf file * PDF *
2198 restless soul meditations from the road no short description restless soul meditations from the road because this is pdf file * PDF *
2202 weakness is the way life with christ our strength no short description weakness is the way life with christ our strength because this is pdf file * PDF *
2207 how to read pdf files on android no short description how to read pdf files on android because this is pdf file * PDF *
The November/December issue of Literacy Today was titled “Critical Literacy in a Digital World.” The articles in this issue were written by English language arts (ELA) and other classroom teachers, reading specialists, literacy professors and doctoral students, and could have as easily been written by school librarians. In order to access this issue, you must be an ILA member.
From my perspective, school librarian leaders could benefit from reading every article in the issue. Here are three of the articles: “More than Bits and Bytes: Digital Literacies On, Behind, and Beyond the Screen” (Aguilera 2017, 12-13), “Plagiarism in the Digital Age: Using a Process Writing Model to Enhance Integrity in the Classroom” (Moorman and Pennell 2017, 14-15), and the cover story: “Assessing News Literacy in the 21st Century: A Year After the Election that Blurred Lines” (Jacobson 2017, 18-22). These are my comments on these three.
Earl Aguilera is a doctoral candidate and former high school ELA teacher and K-12 reading specialist. He poses these questions: “How often do we consider how search engines match us to certain results and hide us from others? How are websites, apps, and games built to accomplish different purposes? And how can these understandings empower us to remix digital tools for our own purposes?” (Aguilera 2017, 13). These are precisely the types of questions school librarians who teach digital literacy, including the ethical use of information, bring to the classroom-library collaboration table. We are taught to be aware of and teach these aspects of digital literacy while many classroom teachers are not.
In his article, Aguilera provided a resource with which I was previously unfamiliar. The Electronic Frontier Foundation is a non-profit dedicated to “defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. The website includes links to timely articles that can inform educators and students alike. ALA’s Office for Intellectual Freedom could partner with this organization to increase librarians’ clout.
Whether or not your school uses tools such as Turnitin.com, the challenges of teaching students (and colleagues) various aspects of plagiarism is an on-going activity for school librarians. In their article, Professor Gary Moorman and doctoral student Ashley Pennell from Appalachian State University write this: “We strongly believe the root of today’s plagiarism problem is the lack of consistent and effective writing instruction and the failure of schools to create an environment that encourages students to write to learn” (2017, 15).
School librarians can step up their literacy leadership by honing their expertise in writing instruction and coteaching with classroom teachers in order to give students opportunities to learn strategies to help them avoid plagiarism, including making notes in their own words. In the conclusion of this article, the authors write when students have the opportunity to talk about and learn about plagiarism “both students and teachers come to acknowledge that writing is a powerful learning process, that original work is valued, and that plagiarism in unnecessary” (2017, 15). I agree.
The cover article by education writer and editor Linda Jacobson may be of particular interest to school librarians. Jacobson writes “In some schools, librarians take the lead on teaching news literacy, while in other schools, the lessons are integrated into social studies or English classes” (Jacobson 2017, 20). While we can be excited about this mention of the vital work of school librarians, this is not an either-or situation. To be effective, school librarians are coteaching these strategies and therefore “library lessons” are integrated into the content areas.
In the article, Jacobson highlights a tool with which I was unfamiliar. Checkology® is a virtual classroom designed to help students tell the difference between fact and fiction. The site features 12 core lessons and is free during the 2017-2018 school year so now is the time to check it out!
Perhaps most exciting of all since school librarians are rarely mentioned in Literacy Today, Jacobson spotlights the work of Charlottesville K-8 school librarian Sarah FitzHenry who serves at St. Anne’s-Belfield School. FitzHenry developed a news literacy course in collaboration with computer science coordinator Kim Wilkens. They use misleading images extensively in their course. Thank you to Linda Jacobson for including the work of a school librarian in her article.
Jacobson also cites the work of Dr. Renee Hobbs, professor of communications studies at the University of Rhode Island. “The changes occurring in the media sector, with new apps, games, platforms, and genres rapidly emerging, have contributed to the instability of meaning of the concept of media literacy and added to the measurement challenges” (Jacobson 2017, 20.) Dr. Hobbs notes that performance-based assessments for media literacy are the most effective because they can “capture dimensions of media literacy competencies using tasks that are highly similar to everyday practices of analyzing and creating media in the real world” (22).
School librarians have limitless opportunities to serve as instructional leaders in their schools. We would all agree that students need to learn to navigate the “messy information environment” and practice using and creating media effectively. Readers of this blog might also agree that school librarians have a timely and critical leadership opportunity when it comes to digital/media/news/information literacy!
Note: The results of ILA’s annual international “What’s Hot in Literacy 2018” appears in the January/February issue of Literacy Today. It’s no surprise that “digital literacy” is the #1 hot topic.
Aguilera, Earl. 2017. “More than Bits and Bytes: Digital Literacies On, Behind, and Beyond the Screen.” Literacy Today 35 (3):12-13.
Judi Moreillon, M.L.S, Ph.D., has served as a school librarian at every instructional level. In addition, she has been a classroom teacher, literacy coach, and district-level librarian mentor. Judi taught preservice school librarians for twenty-one years, most recently as an associate professor at Texas Woman's University where she taught courses in instructional partnerships, multimedia resources and services, children’s literature, and storytelling. Her research agenda focuses on the professional development of school librarians for the leadership and instructional partner roles.
Categories Select Category AASL AASL Standards Access Activism Advocacy ALA Assessment Book Study Child Development Collaboration Collaborative Cultures Collection Development Collegiality Common Core State Standards Community Building Coteaching Digital Literacy Diversity Equity Flipped Library Future-Ready Learning Information Literacy Inquiry Intellectual Freedom Leadership Library Scheduling Library Values LIS Education Literacy Literature Marketing Maximizing School Librarian Leadership Miscellaneous Pedagogy Professional Book Reviews Professional Development Reading Recruitment Research Resources School Culture School Environment School Librarianship Social Justice Social Media STEM Technology Uncategorized
accident advocacy aughts archive bridge bus children civic association clean air clean water community craft fair development education election enviroment environment environmental justice fire station flea market fun fundraiser health hearing historic tour history meetings new business picnic plant sale plant swap pollution power plants roads rubble dump safety school seniors stores summer traffic train transportation water towers wssc yard sale
An article today in the Washington Post says, “The Maryland Transit Administration is considering a proposed 19-mile transit alignment along the State Route 5/U.S. 301 corridor to connect the Waldorf area in Charles County to the Branch Avenue Metro Station … Continue reading →
Australia’s largest telecom business, Telstra formed in 1992 through the merger of government and business and now boasts dominant market leadership on all fixed-wire services including telephone, television, data cable networks, and mobile. Telstra focuses on delivering connectivity, media and content including cloud and other technology services. In 2016, Telstra surpassed annual revenues of nearly $26 billion, reaching 98% of the Australian population through its 4G network and 72% of the country’s small and medium businesses. It’s half-million WiFi-homespots and 4,500 public hotspots reach nearly all the country’s broadband and mobile customers. Telstra continues to expand into global markets with over 150 subsidiaries and as of mid-2016 operates in Europe, Hong Kong, China, the U.S., (linking Sydney and Hawaii), India, Japan, and Indonesia. By partnering with global player, Fon, Telstra accesses over 19 million hotspots overseas. Global markets represent nearly a quarter of its revenues and this segment has grown by double digits over the last few years. Telstra’s current and future growth strategy is focused on opportunities in eHealth, software development and digital.
When combined with other market-specific brand associations, the tool helps contextualize a brand’s cultural role, guiding marketplace positioning.
Brands rated as “High Quality” tend to have higher advocacy, pricing power, and respect in the marketplace. Quality is an expectation for strong brands, and it’s a trait that consumers have come to expect from iconic Australian products, like Arnott’s biscuits or Qantas airlines, both of whom are strong ambassador brands for the nation.
However, quality has no impact on “Brand Strength”, which is the top indicator of growth potential and momentum in BAV analytics. Brands that continue to sustain success embody the quality associated with Australia. Globally, Australian brands are associated with a sense of adventure.
Another top indicator of Brand Strength is the “Daring” attribute, which has a unique meaning in Australia relative to other markets, and is related to attributes of “Fun” and “Progressive” rather than “Perceptions of Risk” or “Unapproachability”. As a result, brands that can deliver on Quality while maintaining Daring perceptions are well-loved, and earn 85% higher top preference (compared to peers), are perceived as 115% trendier, and are named ‘Best Brand’ 158% more often than the rest of the brandscape.
Two brands in particular have captured attention for their ability to deliver both quality and daring: JB HiFi and Boost Juice.
JB Hi-Fi (JB) was established in 1974 by Mr. John Barbuto. He had one simple philosophy: to deliver a specialist range of Hi-Fi and recorded music at Australia's lowest prices. In October 2003, JB Hi-Fi was floated on the Australian Stock Exchange. Today, JB is one of Australasia's fastest growing and largest retailers of home entertainment while maintaining Barbuto’s original philosophy. JB sells a lot of high-end electronics equipment. Yet it defies logic. It looks like a jumble sale!
JB has albums, videogames, and dvds all over the store, along with featured brand areas. Store pathways are narrow, and the in-store signage uses typeface that looks like it has been done in felt pen. The catalogues look like they have been cut and pasted by school kids. When JB occasionally runs TV ads they are simply rushed shouting of promotional offers.
In typical Australian “Daring” fashion, managers in the past have been known to describe the store in the following affectionate terms: ‘We are like a family run Fruit & Vegetable store that employs punks’. Those young punks are exceptionally well-trained in providing service and well-informed on their products. The company knows that many consumers conduct a lot of online research before they come into the store, so well-trained, friendly, and knowledgeable salespeople are essential. This very strong service-driven culture and apparent chaos in-store is clearly at odds with the premium nature of the products, but it is the juxtaposition between the two that make JB Hi-Fi’s daring approach to retail a win.
Taking risks is in Boost Juice’s DNA; founder Janine Allis started the juice bar from her own kitchen after feeling uninspired by existing fast food options. Starting as a mother of young children with no business experience, Allis had a vision of a lifestyle-led brand with a commitment to fresh and natural ingredients. It was a daring move; even banks were hesitant to fund the venture. Unafraid, Allis raised funds through friends. And despite the odds, one shop quickly turned into over 500 locations worldwide, and Boost Juice has become and continues to be one of the most iconic Australian brands.
Despite huge expansion, the brand hasn’t lost its original Daring spirit. True to the Australian spirit, Boost Juice engages its fans with silly and humor, i.e., silly content filled with puns and culturally relevant jokes. One popular theme was “Bitcoin-themed sweepstakes”.
In the competitive world of fast food service, brands often tout their functional benefits, “cheap, fast, and convenient”, but Boost Juice lets the product and service speak for itself while letting the brand’s vision shine. This approach adds dimension to Boost Juice’s brand positioning and proves that brands can be daring without sacrificing the perception of quality.
2 He that walketh in his uprightness feareth the LORD: but he that is perverse in his ways despiseth him.
14 The backslider in heart shall be filled with his own ways: and a good man shall be satisfied from himself.
28 In the multitude of people is the king's honour: but in the want of people is the destruction of the prince.
29 He that is slow to wrath is of great understanding: but he that is hasty of spirit exalteth folly.
31 He that oppresseth the poor reproacheth his Maker: but he that honoureth him hath mercy on the poor.
33 Wisdom resteth in the heart of him that hath understanding: but that which is in the midst of fools is made known.
That's it! I've had it! Too many posts about candy and junk food in the "Things that make you happy thread." I have an urge to start a new thread just dedicated to unhealthy junk food from around the world. Please share your junk foods! Do be aware that I already have a Fried Foods from Around the World thread, so we are excluding restaurant fare. This thread is for the pre-packaged junk food available at supermarkets that your physician warned you about!
I want to see the prepackaged tooth and heart disease you used to buy in your childhood! As usual I will start with the Mexican fare, even though I'm in the US, for the simple fact that that is the junk food I ate during lunch break at school when I lived in Mexico City.
Like I wrote in the other thread. I've had them and they are as addictive as you will get to cocaine...
Hurrah! Looks like I can get them in the US. Imported directly by Target stores between October and March and re-branded "Arnott's Original" at an import supermarket chain called "World Market"
Tim Tam's markets (not mentioning how scarce or difficult they are to get): Australia, Canada, China, East Timor, France, The GCC, Greece, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Macau, Malaysia, The Netherlands, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Pakistan, The Palestinian Territories, The Philippines, Singapore, Slovakia, Sweden, Taiwan, Thailand and the United States.
Well. although this is not so interesting to me, it might be for some, and I have to post American candies at some point - these are pretty regular fare anywhere in the US - you can find them at any supermarket, pharmacy gas station or similar... my favourite are Resse's Peanut Butter/chocolate cups. They were famous for their peanut butter and chocolate combination- The name is now owned by Hershey's.
This guys shows a few of the newer (Butterfinger's peanut butter cups) and more obscure types (like the "cow tales"). BTW Butterfinger is an older well-known brand known for a solid bar with a crumbly semi-hard fusion of caramel and peanut butter (very strange texture- breaks in splinters, like a piece of wood), all covered in milk chocolate. Originally from the Curtiss candy Co. it has passed hands over the last century, like Nabisco, and now owned by Nestle.
She can't identify the flavour of root beer - she keeps saying that it tastes like a type of candy whose name she can't remember; what she could not remember is the name "Licorice," or very similar to the strong taste of Anise / Anise seeds. Root beer and Cream Soda are genuine Victorian inventions, like Coca Cola and Dr. Pepper...
I never tried Mountain Dew. Not sure if I want to try it either. The Internet has me convinced that anyone who touches the stuff instantly becomes a hermit, locking themselves up in the basement, playing Dungeons & Dragons 24/7. Amirite??
Also for the beverage section: Red Bull. It tastes and looks like it's a real red bull product. Now they have other tastes: Cranberry, Blueberry & Lime. I haven't tried them but I guess they can't be worse than the original.
The other day I accedentally purchased Coca Cola vanilla. It's like someone accedentally dropped his custard pudding in there. Coca Cola should taste like Coca cola, not some desert.
Yeah. I don't really like Mountain Dew. The taste is not outstanding, but more like a generic citrus soda, but the intense yellow colour puts me off for some reason - and it was one of the most caffeinated drinks just before Red Bull and 1000 other "Energy Drinks" came into the market -those are relatively new; they didn't exist when I forest moved in Austin.
Missing from the list are some drinks like Squirt and Fresca which are grapefruit-based, which means they are extremely acid (for non-English speakers grapefruit is not the same as grapes http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grapefruit
Squirt is not so bad and rather tasty, but it is very sour - as expected from grapefruit and has a more natural colour (the colour of natural lemonade), Fresca one the other hand is an absolutely horrid sugar free drink with saccharin which was popular in the 1970's; one of the first sugar free drinks on the market along with a cola-like product called Tab. Both Tab and Fresca were introduced in 1966, and are absolutely horrid, in my opinion, mostly because of the saccharin. That they lasted for so long is a miracle in itself. I don't know what kind of twisted mind drinks Tab and Fresca.
I love Fresca when I can get it (yes, they still make it), so there's part of the answer you were looking for. My meds supposedly preclude grapefruit (something to do with a conflict between acids in grapefruit and acids in metformin, if I'm not mistaken), so it's something of a rebellious, guilty pleasure, which is admittedly part of the appeal.
My apologies Mr. Bailey. I hope I didn't offend. But with all due respect, blegh!! The saccharin aftertaste combines terribly with the grapefruit acidity in Fresca. Now if at least they use Splenda or another sugar substitute!
My apologies Mr. Bicyclebuilder. "Squirt" simply means a "a burst of liquid squeezed out of some container." Unfortunately it's also one of porn industry's favorite physical phenomena....
Another American tradition from the early 20th C. The traditional "float" is vanilla ice cream floating in top of Coca Cola - that's where the flavor comes from. Personally, I prefer real a ice cream float, rather than a warm soda with vanilla... If it tastes like dessert, it's because it is!
the wat to make a float is a scoop of vanilla icecream into a stein of rootbeer. admittedly I've entertained the notion of sherbet (american, not the UK powdered stuff) in a sprite. but I'd not call it a float.
Sorbet on Sprite? It makes sense. I wonder if it would work on Squirt. Raspberry sorbet over Sprite? It will taste very fruity. Sort of like a fruit punch sorbet.
Orange jouice is often a good base for fruit punches and fruit salads. But the problem with typical orange sdas is they have a very "artificial" and hyper-sweet taste. Perhaps reversing the role and using orange sorbet instead over pineapple soda?
When I visited Canada more than a decade ago, my favorate junk food was Cool Whip. I haven't seen it in Europe, sadly.
Unfortunately Cool Whip's main ingerdiate is partially hydrogenated oils... not so healthy according to the latest medical opinion. Every other company is dropping hydrogenated oils, and now even margarine is a dirty word (they told us back in the 60's that vegetable based milk substitutes were healthier, and now it seems that plain old cream and butter are better
That's in my opinion the definition of junk food. To some degree it's bad for you. But with moderate use and a variated diet, it wouldn't be that bad.
The problem is that our brains are programmed to try and eat food that is easy assimilated into fuel for our muscles. Junk food is high in calories. Sugar and fat are assimilated into fuel, but if we don't burn that fuel, it turns into fat tissue.
Even if one knows what's inside junk food and knows what it can do to your body, the imbedded programm of high calorie food is winning.
Speaking of which, I should note that Mars is an American company founded first in 1911 and later re-opened in 1920 by the Mars family.
http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars_(chocolate_bar). The American version of the bar went on to engender others like the "3 Musketeers" and the "Snickers" Bar, but the Mars Bar itself was discontinued in the US in 2002
My preferred "junk foods" seem to fit into your definition, then: they tend to be high-protein sometimes (about 40% of the time) low-fat, and tend to contain a lot of sodium salt. Supposedly this is bad for you, but since the rest of my diet is very low-sodium and in any case I'm not convinced by the whole "fat and salt are bad for you" mantra, I don't lose any sleep over it. My doctor has measured my blood pressure about eight times over the past two years (health check before a home loan, medical certificates to practice various sports, general check before tetanus vaccination, etc.) and it's always at the low end of "normal", even after running the half mile to his surgery.
No offense taken, I realize that my tastes are somewhat odd. Tab I really can't stand (yes, I still see that swill occasionally as well), so I agree with you there.
We've got BiFi here in the Netherlands and a few neighbouring countries. I think it's called Peperami in the UK.
Ha, when you mentioned Saint Nick and Turkish delight, my mind went straight to the Chronicles of Narnia,
Turkish delight is AMAZING when they get it right, chocolate is life, wherever whenever, marzipan is delicious also/:)
I know Pepernoten, people across the UK and the rest of Europe should be able to find the very similar Pfeffernüßen in Aldi and Lidl (along with the Stollen).
I don't know Kruidnoten, though… I'm guessing that they are mostly flavoured with cloves (kruidnagels), as well as ginger and cinnamon, right?
The Democratic Football Lads Alliance (DFLA) was formed following the 2017 terrorist attacks in London and Manchester, as a working class voice against social, economic and political injustice.
The prevention of extremism and protection of the public in this country is not good enough. Government refusal and failure to tackle the roots of extremism which results in terrorist attacks is not good enough. Leaders and authorities failure to protect our Freedom of Expression and right to free speech is not good enough. A new generation walking among us with no regard for British Law or Values or Traditions while implementing their own anarchic standards is not good enough.
The DFLA shuns the failed extremist politics particularly far-left and far-right groups with hidden agendas faking working class interests. We are anti- racist and anti-violence with no intention of seeking a political position but every intention of seeking justice based on what is right and wrong. We are not seeking to alienate any demographic but are seeking to bring to justice anyone who believes they are above the laws of this land and the values and traditions of our Country.
The DFLA opposes all forms of bigotry and sectarianism while embracing all sections of our society seeking to lobby, peacefully protest and hold to account Central & Local Government and all authority failing to protect and serve us as a Nation.
Justice must be served on those living among us who create terror with extreme values and behaviour – whatever their motive. The protection of our children’s future is paramount. We will not tolerate the escalating modern scourges of grooming, gang rape and street crime – both from offenders and those in authority who hide or deny their existence.
The DFLA believes in Freedom of Expression and intends to defend our right to free speech and responsibly use our freedom to campaign and debate our core beliefs and values within this mission statement. Members and allies are encouraged to positively contribute and debate to the growth and progression of our Alliance with respect to the course set out in this mission statement. This is the DFLA.
Previous PostDFLA Demo#1 Birmingham 24th March 2018Next PostDemo – Justice 4 the women and children of Sunderland 4th August 2018
Gary Harris talks with Glen Saffer about Tommy’s court appeareance and with Joseph and Bobby Blair who suffered horrific historic abuse at the hands of the Catholic Church.
The DFLA offer our deepest sympathies to our Leicester City brothers and sisters at this very sad time.
Rights No known copyright for Curt Teich postcards printed before 1964, with the following exception: if the Teich postcard has a photographer's copyright on it, or depicts a trademarked image, the user must seek permission from any holders of rights. For Teich postcards printed after 1964 or postcards printed by other companies, contact the Digital Initiatives and Services, Newberry Library, 60 W. Walton St., Chicago, IL 60610. Phone: 312-255-3566. E-mail: rightsandrepro@newberry.org. For ease in dating Curt Teich postcards there is a dating guide available: ( https://www.newberry.org/sites/default/files/researchguide-attachments/Teich_Postcard_Dating_Guide_2016.pdf )
Photograph of a partially crumbling stone structure with no roof and with stone rubble around the building
A black and white photograph of a partially crumbling stone structure with no roof and with stone rubble around the building. The pillars, archways and stonework of the building are still standing and the photograph also shows hills in the background.
How do you intend to use this image? Select an optionScholarly or professional researchFor school, university etcPersonal or community researchTo make a print for homeOn a blog or websitePublication in a bookTo make something else interesting
Images marked as in the Public Domain have, to the best of the National Museum of Australia’s knowledge, no copyright or intellectual property rights that would restrict their free download and reuse. Images marked with a Creative Commons (CC) license may be downloaded and reused in accordance with the conditions of the relevant CC license. Please acknowledge the National Museum of Australia and cite the URL for the image so that others can also find it.
A paper guillotine with a wooden platform, moveable metal handle and blade. In the centre of the platform is an ink stamped ship's wheel and text that reads "Jay - nay" . On the reverse handwritten in pencil is "3/-".
The Roland Wilson Collection represents Wilson's private hobbies rather than his long and successful position as Secretary to the Treasury. The collection includes a Vehicle Construction Kit which Wilson developed in the early 1950s, notes and photographs related to the kit, a range of drawing instruments, and a homemade radiogram and wooden cabinet that were constructed in the late 1940s. The key object within the collection is the Vehicle Construction Kit which was patented in the United States in 1956. The kit was one of Wilson's many inventions, and when assembled would form several wheeled vehicles for children. Most of these vehicles were modelled upon adult objects of industry or modes of transportation, and were possibly designed to familiarise children with adult skills and chores. The Roland Wilson Collection represents the creative spirit in Australia, and also reveals the private hobbies of a public Australian individual.
Welcome to this portal for creating deliverables from your top project images. Please take a moment to appreciate the tremendous variety of options you have here to produce the perfect display mode for your image. You can do this in the sample gallery.
Harper Adams University and Dairy Crest sign £4 million investment deal for dedicated food innovation centre
Dairy Crest and Harper Adams University have signed a contract on a unique collaboration project which puts them at the forefront of innovation in British food.
Dairy Crest, the leading British dairy company, has confirmed they will be investing £4 million in building a dedicated Food Innovation Centre on the Harper Adams University campus. Planning permission has been granted and building will start imminently.
Dairy Crest research and development and technical staff will be relocated from the nearby Crudgington site onto the Harper Adams campus from November. Initially they will be based on the upper floor of an existing University building.
Longer term, they will move into a new, purpose-built food innovation centre on the campus, to be developed by Dairy Crest over the coming year.
Dairy Crest, known for market-leading brands such as Cathedral City, Clover, Country Life and FRijj, aims to deliver 10% of year-on-year growth through new product development. The new innovation centre will help the company achieve this with continued focus on scientific research, technology and product development.
In addition to the lease of premises and land, the University and Dairy Crest have entered into a knowledge collaboration agreement that will further strengthen links between the two organisations.
The partnership will enhance Dairy Crest’s product innovation through regular interaction with staff and students as well as providing Dairy Crest with a link into leading research within the agriculture and food sectors. Dairy Crest will further support the University curriculum by providing student placements, staff secondments and guest speakers.
University Vice-Chancellor, Dr David Llewellyn said: “This new partnership comes at a time when the UK Agri-Tech Strategy is being implemented by the Government and when universities and businesses are being increasingly encouraged to work together to support economic growth.
“We are therefore delighted that Dairy Crest has finalised the plans to move its research and technical development activities to our campus in this novel collaboration within the food sector. The fact that the initiative is based around sharing expertise in education, as well as in research, is an added bonus in that we hope it will encourage young people looking at their career options to consider the huge, and exciting, opportunities presented by the food industry. We look forward to working with our colleagues from Dairy Crest in this important new partnership.”
Mark Allen, Dairy Crest CEO said, “Innovation is at the heart of Dairy Crest’s business and I see the new centre as key to delivering our business strategy over the next few years.
“We are already working closely with Harper Adams on several research projects and I am certain this will be a long-term partnership which will go from strength to strength.
“I am particularly pleased that the centre is going to be at Harper Adams University – already a centre of excellence in terms of food, farming and science education. This will also allow Dairy Crest to continue our long-standing association with Shropshire.”
Interested in joining us? We have a limited number of places available via clearing and adjustment on undergraduate programmes within the School of Engineering and Materials Science.
The School of Engineering and Materials Science (SEMS) provides outstanding degree programmes coupled with internationally leading research. All our undergraduate programmes are ranked as some of the highest in the UK and among the best in London. Our taught postgraduate programmes are similarly first class and provide students with a fantastic opportunity to engage with cutting-edge research focused in: Bioengineering and Biomaterials, Materials Science and Engineering Science. The skills developed by our students and our extensive industrial connections provide graduates with excellent employability in stimulating and well-paid careers.
Queen Mary University of London is a Russell Group university. We are ranked 9th in the UK for research and provide an attractive campus environment within the heart of London.
digital post-production, digital video, digital audio, digital intermediates, digital anything. Neil Sadwelkar's "vishesh tippani" If you've come here via a link or Google search, then click anywhere on the title above to go to my blog main page
On the 27th Oct 2016, at a small event, Apple showed their new upgraded MacBook Pros. Referred to as the late-2016 MacBook Pro. At the event, Apple showed only MacBook Pros, and there was no word on new MacPros, iMacs, or Mac minis. Not even a mention. And, over the next few days, there was an uproar of critical blog posts and articles slamming Apple. Particularly coming as it did, just a day after Microsoft announced their Surface Studio and Surface Book i7.
I read many of these criticisms in the past few days. I studied the spec of the new MacBook Pros. Particularly in comparison to the MacBooks I own or regularly use. A MacBook Air 11” (2014), MacBook Air 13” (2014), MacBook Pro retina 13” (2015), and two MacBook Pros retina 15” (2014, 2015). I regularly use the MacBook Pro 13” and 15” in real world pro use cases. and, I have to say, I’m not dismayed with the new MacBook Pro. At least until I actually use the new MacBook Pro for exactly the same situations that I’m currently using.
And, for reasons that I’ll elaborate, these new laptops from Apple, won’t make me go looking to switch to a Windows laptop. The Microsoft Surface Book i7, the Dell XPS or Precision, Alienware, Razer and other models being considered, all fall short on one account or the other. For me at least.
The CPU in this new MacBook Pro is the Intel Skylake i7, considered to deliver better performance than the existing Haswell CPUs while consuming less power, so less heat too. RAM is still 16 GB max. The reason is that Intel simply don’t have a CPU which provides better performance for equivalent power draw. So, if the CPU was any better, it would mean battery performance in the 2-3 hr range, which with a heavy duty app like Premiere Pro/Avid/Resolve may drop down to an hour or under. That wouldn’t work for my use. So also for the RAM. There’s no RAM above 16 GB which draws the same power as the existing one.
For my current use these six ports let me connect, a professional Codex transfer station, a Thunderbolt RAID, to transfer 500 GB raw camera data in under 30 mins twice over. USB3 can’t match that. Also, with Thunderbolt I can connect a Blackmagic or Aja video card to capture or playback HD video even 4k. Can’t do that over USB. USB RAIDs are much slower than Thunderbolt RAIDs that professionals simply have to use, especially for 4k video. The HDMI port lets me connect an external monitor. If I need more USB devices - like a keyboard or mouse, I use a USB hub anyway.
There are criticisms for the ‘just’ 4 Thunderbolt3 ports and no HDMI/GigE/USB3. But I can get all of those with cheap converters. Besides, the Thunderbolt3 in my use case would be connected to a monitor, or a Thunderbolt RAID, both of which will also charge my MacBook Pro, so I really won’t miss the dedicated power port. I’ll even have one less cable.
SD card is absent in the new MacBook Pro. But I seldom use it anyway. I have USB3 card readers which are fast enough and support CF and CFast cards, which I use more often than SD cards.
In my current MacBook Pro, one Thunderbolt goes to a Codex transfer station, the second to a RAID, and then daisy chained to a Thunderbolt2-PCIe adapter running a SAS card connected to an LTO tape drive. And the two USB3 ports go, one to a card reader, and the second to another portable drive. The HDMI port may be connected to a larger monitor. And the MagSafe to power.
So, for me, with the 4 Thunderbolt3 ports in the new MacBook Pro, one Thunderbolt3 would go (via a TB3-TB2 adapter) to a Codex transfer station, the second to a RAID (which would also charge my MBP), and then daisy chained to a Thunderbolt2-PCIe adapter running a SAS card connected to an LTO tape drive. The third Thunderbolt3 port would go to a card reader (via a TB3-USB-A adapter), and the fourth to another portable drive. If I need HDMI, I could daisy chain that from any of the existing TB3 or TB2 ports on my drives of PCIe expander. I could also use the OWC or Akitio Thunderbolt dock.
Besides, with Thunderbolt3 cum USB-C ports, I can connect anything to any port. At the moment I need to connect thunderbolt to Thunderbolt and USB to USB. Now they are the same port. And they connect any way around.
As fas as I can tell, the new MacBook Pro will be the only laptop with 4 Thunderbolt cum USB-C ports. Other laptops have one or the other, but none seem to have 4. Maybe Apple could have made 6, but I’m sure there is a technical reason like bandwidth limits (40 Gbps x 4 = 160 Gbps)
In the coming year or two, there will be a proliferation of professional level Thunderbolt 3 add-on devices - Thunderbolt3 RAIDs,Video I/O devices from Blackmagic/Aja, Thunderbolt3-PCIe expanders, Thunderbolt3 external GPUs, Thunderbolt-40GigE adapters and many more. So, Apple has paid more attention to ‘forward compatibility’, than get stuck with older USB-A ports. We moved on from Firewire800, we’ll move on from USB3 too.
A few Windows laptops now come with an nVidia 1060 and some even with a 1080. But none are as light or have as less power needs as the AMD Polaris GPU that the new MacBook Pros offer. Even Microsoft chose to go with the older 960 series GPU for their Surface Book and Surface Studio. And the Razer needs an external GPU with power to deliver performance. So, unless the AMD 455 in the new MacBook Pro isn’t as fast (for my video processing needs), as the GPUs my current MacBook Pros have, I should be fine with this new AMD GPU.
There are already solutions for an external GPU over Thunderbolt2 for the current MacBook Pro. But they are limited by Thunderbolt2 bandwidth. With 40Gbps available over Thunderbolt3, its just a matter of time before someone comes up with an external Thunderbolt3-PCIe expander which will accommodate and run GPU cards like the nVidia 1080 at full bandwidth. That’s an elegant solution, and it will also charge the MacBook Pro.
Like the new 2016 iMac, these new MacBook Pros have a P3 colour space display. This us huge if one is going to watch video destined for professional delivery - like cinema DCPs, and other deliveries. Finally we have a calibrated display while working. I haven’t come across a comparable Windows laptop with this feature yet.
Many Windows laptops have touch screens. I’m not sure this is a very desirable feature. For one thing, with the oily food we eat, my screen will be one mess of finger smudges, and the other, you really can’t do any serious editing with your fingers. They simply come in the way. The Touch Bar might be a better idea. And the keyboard an mouse work fine too. Have been since 1993 anyway.
My current MacBook Pros run MacOSX or macOS which no other laptop will run. There is at least one application I use regularly, which is Mac only. the Codex Production Suite or Codex VFS. And I regularly need to read and write ProRes files. And run FCP. Some Windows laptop may let me do one or more of the above, but none will let me do all of that.
So, all things considered, if the new MacBook Pro offers me better performance for the video and data work that I do, I’m all for it. And I’m sure it cannot be slower than existing models I have. If anything, its lighter and thinner, and has better battery life. And, has 4 ports Thunderbolt cum USB-C, P3 display, a large trackpad, Touch Bar, faster SSD, which isn’t all there in any other laptop yet.
Best practices that I follow when I need to share a hard drive (or even a USB 'pen' drive) between Mac and Windows.
I format the drive depending on which platform (Mac/PC) is going to do the maximum read and write with data on the drive.
So, for example if I'm going to do a lot of work on a Mac, I format the drive on a Mac (as HFS+ with GUID Partition Table), and then on Windows use HFS Explorer or MacDrive to do the occasional read/write on a PC.
Conversely, if I'm going to do a lot of work on a PC, I format the drive on a PC (as NTFS), and then on Mac use Paragon NTFS to do the occasional read/write on a Mac.
This applies to editing with FCP7/X or Premiere Pro on Mac, or even working with Photoshop or Excel/Numbers.
If at all I run into a problem with files on a drive, I usually repair it on the native platform. Meaning, if an NTFS drive has problems, I repair it on a PC. Or, if a HFS+ drive has problems I repair it on a Mac. Never vice versa. To repair a drive on a Mac I use Disk Utility, or if that fails, then I use Disk Utility.
And, all my data is usually backed up in two places. I use Carbon Copy Cloner or ChronoSync to keep two drives or even folders on drives synchronised with the same data. For smaller files (like FCP/Prem projects or spreadsheets, documents, or even pictures) I use DropBox, Google Drive, or iCloud to keep a copy safe.
In countries where Apple does not have an official online store, like in India, Apple sells Mac computers of certain fixed configurations. These can be seen on their country specific web site. So, if you wish to buy a Mac - MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, iMac, or MacPro - in India - you will need to choose from these configurations.
But, in places where Apple has an online store, you can buy higher configurations called CTO (configured to order) systems.
First let's look at the highest configuration Mac you can get in India (with comments on upgradeability by the user)
There is no dealer who sells these CTO Mac in Rupees here in India. The only way to get one of these is to either import them from a dealer in, say, Dubai, Singapore, or Hong Kong - the nearest online Apple store to India. Or to fly out to one of these countries and bring them back with you. You will, however have to pay customs duties on return and even possibly excess baggage on the flight (in the case of the iMac). The MacPro could be carried as hand baggage, since its small and not too heavy. (5 kg)
Customs duty is between 17%-28% as far as I can ascertain from websites like cybex.in or duty calculator. Depending on what the machine gets classified as. That is, 17%-28% of the value as fixed by the customs person on arrival. If you have an invoice they may consider that as the value, or else they will do a lookup and fix a value to it. So, for instance if they fix a value of Rs 2 lakhs, then you’re looking at Rs 34,000 - Rs 56,000 customs duty.
In my opinion, for a MacBook Pro and iMac 21.5” the extra cost is not worth the performance boost you will see even in the most demanding applications. However, in the case of the MacBook Pro 15” you’re most likely to get out of Customs without paying duty as one laptop is duty waived. Even then, it’s not such a good deal.
In the case of the iMac 27” you’re going to have to pay Customs duty. But you may have to pay only 17%, or the Customs officer may assess it as the highest value iMac available in India since he cannot see the machine spec without turning the machine on which he’s unlikely to do. In which case it could cost as less as Rs 2,21,000 including duty. That is a good deal and the performance increase with an iMac i7 with a 4GB GPU is noticeable.
However, compared to carrying an upgraded (CTO) iMac 27” for 3,00,646 from Dubai to India, against getting a 4-core MacPro in India for Rs 2,49,900 and adding even a 4k display, I would go with a MacPro 4-core against a CTO iMac 27”
One more thing. Buying a CTO iMac in foreign currency and carrying it in, or even buying it online, may not let you claim depreciation or income tax benefits in India. This could be a big consideration. Besides, maybe there are warranty issues to consider for self-imported Mac systems.
What about a hackintosh - meaning, an assembled PC hacked to run the MacOS. Is that a good deal? Many say they are, and some say they aren’t. I have very little direct experience and the few occasions I saw a hackintosh running an editing software like FCP or Avid, it was not stable enough. This was a few years ago, and maybe things have changed now. One of these days I might find time and build one myself. If and when I do that, I’ll share the experience.
I live and work in Mumbai, India. I do a bit of editing, do consultations on editing, digital intermediates, and general post workflows. And tinker with Mac, PC and Linux systems and all kind of gadgets.
All Category Black Friday Health & Beauty Hair Tool's Hair Dryer Straightners Trimmer Sports & Fitness Medical Frames Mobile & Tablets Watches Men's Women's Electronics Home & Living Toys Sunglasses Men's Women's
Gentle hair removal and precise shaping for your delicate body parts; Ideal for faces, such as upper lip, sideburns, eyebrows, bikini, and underarms
Ideal also for quick touch-ups wherever you go. As its cutting blades don't touch the skin, there is no fear of cuts
FeaturesCurved Epilator for greater comfortDual trimmers for quick and easy shavingReplaceable .....
Sports Events Choose a Game NFL College Football NBA College Basketball MLB College Baseball NHL College Hockey Auto Racing PGA Golf
Giacomo Puccini's Madama Butterfly is always a great hit with every crowd. We stock all tickets to every Giacomo Puccini's Madama Butterfly show!
Julius Caesar is always a great hit with every crowd. We stock all tickets to every Julius Caesar show!
A mid day date comes with all the excitement of the beginning of Spring. Sneaking out into the sun from work for a little play gives the long Summer days something to look forward to. Express yourself and your love in the comfort of Express. For him, the new men’s MX Tech Button Down Shirt gives you that sophisticated and masculine appeal that retains class and style that men love. Perfectly fitted in bold colors and vibrant patterns, he doesn’t have to be encumbered by the dull and drab darks of winter. Effortlessly styled with an Express Silk Floral Tie, his fun and carefree side begins to shine. For you, its time to lighten up in color and show those legs for your walk about. Express’ White Honeycomb Crop Top/Mini Skirt say you are ready for some summer lovin’. The lightweight classy look is girlie and playful with modest sex appeal. Together you can express yourselves and your romance.
A new Advanced Master in Computational Design, Digital Manufacturing and Building Technologies. Apply at
Description: From the very beginning of its two-decade run on radio, Suspense was tops in thriller...
Description: On a cold, rainy night in the darkest shadows of your imagination, fate is waiting for you�in the...
Description: Tales of robbery, of violence, of murder -- ripped from the headlines! Adapted from the...
Description: You're up against the wall with nowhere to turn�heart pounding, muscles tense, adrenaline...
Description: Getting away with murder? Don't bet on it! Sometimes even the careful get caught. Sometimes...
Description: He takes the same train every week at this time, with tales to thrill you a little and chill you a...
The waxing of a framework can be done free hand with wax or by using a preformed pattern that is made of ____________.
Every effort has been made to ensure that this information is accurate and within generally accepted medical standards.The information given at this site is for educational purposes only and is not sufficient for medical decisions. I disclaim any liability for the acts of any physicians or any other individual who receives any information on any medical procedure through this web site. I accept no legal responsibility for any injury and/or damage to persons or property from any of the suggestions or material discussed herein. The reader should confirm the information in this text using other authoritative source prior to use.
Most affil­i­ate links are added inci­den­tally or sub­se­quently. Some links are direct, and do not have any affil­i­a­tion or compensation.
2216 ernst kurth selected writings cambridge studies in music theory and analysis by kurth ernst 2006 paperback no short description ernst kurth selected writings cambridge studies in music theory and analysis by kurth ernst 2006 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
2217 believe from the polar express words and music by alan silvestri and glen ballard arr mark hayes choral octavo 2 part no short description believe from the polar express words and music by alan silvestri and glen ballard arr mark hayes choral octavo 2 part because this is pdf file * PDF *
2219 children with spina bifida a parents guide special needs collection no short description children with spina bifida a parents guide special needs collection because this is pdf file * PDF *
2220 history teaching manual no short description history teaching manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2226 elementary and intermediate algebra elac custom edition no short description elementary and intermediate algebra elac custom edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2228 trial by friendship anglo american relations 1917 1918 no short description trial by friendship anglo american relations 1917 1918 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2231 a pig can jig basic reading series no short description a pig can jig basic reading series because this is pdf file * PDF *
2233 discover your gifts youth leaders guide and learn how to use them no short description discover your gifts youth leaders guide and learn how to use them because this is pdf file * PDF *
2235 the geology of ore deposits no short description the geology of ore deposits because this is pdf file * PDF *
2239 the way of harmony walking the inner path to balance happiness and success no short description the way of harmony walking the inner path to balance happiness and success because this is pdf file * PDF *
2244 the old car nut book 2 where more old car nuts tell their stories volume 2 no short description the old car nut book 2 where more old car nuts tell their stories volume 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2245 the book of the city of ladies no short description the book of the city of ladies because this is pdf file * PDF *
2249 careers in computer software and hardware no short description careers in computer software and hardware because this is pdf file * PDF *
2252 pediatric and adolescent osteosarcoma 152 cancer treatment and research no short description pediatric and adolescent osteosarcoma 152 cancer treatment and research because this is pdf file * PDF *
2259 brownstone west 53rd street no short description brownstone west 53rd street because this is pdf file * PDF *
2261 how to identify old maps and globes with a list132p of cartographersenz no short description how to identify old maps and globes with a list132p of cartographersenz because this is pdf file * PDF *
2264 wolf oven owners manual no short description wolf oven owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2265 legal revision and religious renewal in ancient israel no short description legal revision and religious renewal in ancient israel because this is pdf file * PDF *
2267 speak marking period study guide answers no short description speak marking period study guide answers because this is pdf file * PDF *
2268 esl russian phase 1 unit 06 10 learn to speak and understand english as a second language with pimsleur language programs no short description esl russian phase 1 unit 06 10 learn to speak and understand english as a second language with pimsleur language programs because this is pdf file * PDF *
2277 a commentary on the manuscripts and text of the new testament no short description a commentary on the manuscripts and text of the new testament because this is pdf file * PDF *
2278 velamma episode 51 read free comic in english no short description velamma episode 51 read free comic in english because this is pdf file * PDF *
2282 the wrong carlos anatomy of a wrongful execution no short description the wrong carlos anatomy of a wrongful execution because this is pdf file * PDF *
On the other hand, I have to be aware of the shadowy part of this land. Japan seemingly looks peaceful…
and yet radiation is still leaking into the ocean of Fukushima, more than 270,000 people are still evacuating, perhaps forever... more than 58 kids in Fukushima were diagnosed with thyroid cancer after the accident...
much higher rate than usual. The political conflicts between Japan and other Asian countries are slowly making the minds of the people more nationalistic as the right - wing politicians are gaining in popularity.
Unfortunately, they support the promotion of nuclear energy as well as the change of the Constitution, which now decisively declares not to use any violent action to solve political conflicts between the nations.
"Human Form 1" at nunOff Festival, Barcelona In this work, I want to blur the boundary between the human body and the artificial body where we can no longer tell fantasy and reality apart. Here, the human body becomes no more than a mere puppet. By stripping the human body to just its form, I am trying to reach into the liminal space between the physical reality and the artificial reality. Human Form 1 20. July 2013 nunOff Festival de Creación Emergente de Barcelona Info: www.nunartbcn.com
Welcome to Dragon Cave! Dragon Cave is an online adoptables game. Collect eggs, raise them to adulthood, and then breed them to cre­ate interesting lineages. New types of dragons are added regularly!
Young dragons are relatively defenseless. They are born with relatively soft scales, which are shed and replaced with harder ones as the hatchling matures. Once a hatchling’s wings grow in, it marks the beginning of maturation. At this point they are often capable of hunting on their own and are usually left alone by their mother.
Swallowtail Dragons are graceful and quick flyers, much like their namesake bird. They are capable of precise aerial acrobatics, and can reach very high altitudes. Because of this, humans observing these dragons are often astonished at how large they are when confronted up close. A Swallowtail’s diet consists of insects and small mammals plentiful in temperate forests. These dragons are also made remarkable by their paper-thin wing membranes, which allow light to pass through, creating an astonishing effect on starry nights.
Dragons are highly-intelligent reptilian creatures that—from a human perspective, at least—appear to live forever. Many different varieties of dragon exist, each with their own unique qualities, habitats, and behavior. Adolescence in dragons is usually marked by the growth of a hatchling’s wings, although not all breeds of dragons grow wings and some breeds have other traits that indicate the beginning of maturation. In Galsreim, dragons and humans coexist peacefully.
The rules placing marihuana in schedule I [21 CFR 1308.11(d)(17)], tetrahydrocannabinols in schedule I [21 CFR 1308.11(d)(25)], Dronabinol in schedule II [21 CFR 1308.12(f)(1)] and Nabilone in schedule II [21 CFR 1308.12(f)(2)] are repealed because there is no scientific evidence that they have sufficient abuse potential to warrant schedule I or II status under the Controlled Substances Act.
This is not necessarily a petition for the removal of the listed drugs and substances from scheduling under the CSA, but a petition to have them removed from schedules I and II.
Should the Department of Health and Human Services confirm the scientific and medical basis for this petition, a consideration of the appropriate scheduling of marijuana should be made at that time, on the basis of the HHS evaluation and in accordance with existing law.
MEMBERS of the business community, particularly those in the hospitality sector, are being invited to attend a briefing on Monday night to hear about the latest event management plans for the hosting of Fleadh Cheoil na hÉireann. The non-statutory information session, which is being coordinated by Clare County Council in its role as co-ordinator of the statutory agencies for major events, takes place in the Temple Gate Hotel at 6pm. The event will be addressed by Mícheál Ó Riabhaigh, chairman of the Fleadh executive Committee, as well as by representatives of Clare County Council, An Garda Síochána, Clare Fire and Rescue Service, and the HSE. Having narrowly missed out on winning the right to host Fleadh Cheoil na hÉireann in the past four years, Ennis was named ahead of Sligo and Drogheda as the host venue for the prestigious annual event earlier this year. Speaking ahead of the briefing, Ger Dollard, director of services, Clare County Council, said, “The hosting …
CLARE could be tuning up for a €30 million Fleadh Cheoil windfall in 2016, after a bid to secure the return festival to the Banner County got a major boost. Efforts to host the lucrative 2016 Fleadh Cheoil na hÉireann competition in Ennis got a significant shot in the arm after a submission from the local branch defeated Cork City by 11 votes to nine. For the first time ever, counties have to submit their plans for hosting the event and Clare’s bid, which was in the name of the Abbey branch in Ennis, triumphed, with two votes to spare. It is expected a final decision on the current shortlist will be made next March. Fleadh Cheoil na hÉireann was last held in Ennis in 1977. People always remember the 1956 Fleadh too, made famous by the Robbie McMahon song, The Fleadh Down in Ennis. Ennis is now in a three-horse race involving Sligo, who are hosting the All-Ireland showpiece …
Feakle-Killanena 2-14 Sixmilebridge 3-5 Keith Smyth excelled as Feakle-Killanena captured the under 14 A hurling title for the first time when they defeated Sixmilebridge at Gurteen Smyth was the stand out player in a final which produced some excellent hurling and some outstanding individual performances The winners full forward finished the tie with a tally of 2-12 to his credit and this would surely have been greater were it not for the heroics of Sixmilebridge goalkeeper Cian Fawl who was another to excel in Friday evening’s final National feile division 1 finalists Sixmilebridge led by two points at half time when the score was 1-3 to 0-4, the first half goal having come from Dara Casey. They strengthened their position at the start of the second half when David Kennedy’s effort from 30m went all the way to the Feakle-Killanena net. Points were exchanged twice in the next few minutes before Smyth and Feakle-Killanena took control of the tie. In …
A PIECE of bog oak carved by Thomas Moloney was presented to President Michael D Higgins when he received the freedom of Ennis.
Speaking to The Clare Champion, he said he was delighted he had been asked. “It was a great honour, it was a lovely thing to be asked to do. It’s nice to say that piece will be there forever,” he said.
Working on bog oak is a hobby he took up when his carpentry business suffered during the downturn. “I started doing a bit of it on a small scale just to pass time. I did a piece for a friend of mine, a lady in the council saw it and then I was approached to do a piece for the President.”
He was under a bit of pressure to get it done on time. “I spent nearly a full week on it, it was down to the wire.”
He started working on bog oak after coming across some of it completely by chance. “Literally I went for a walk one day with the kids across the land. There’s one area with an awful amount of bog in it and we wouldn’t normally walk down there. We found a few pieces and brought them home. It started from there, I put them on the mantelpiece to dry out and it started from there. I went off every day looking for pieces, started bringing them home and worked on them.”
The timber is extremely old and is readily available to him. “Some of the pieces of wood are up to 6,000 years old. It actually goes black from the amount of time that it’s in the ground and then it almost turns into coal.
“I source it at my own place. I’m living in Kilmaley and it’s on my own land. bits of it come up through the ground after time. Any of the black stuff is the oldest of the timber. You might see a piece and you’d get an idea straight away. Then you might bring home other pieces and leave them there for six months before you’d have an idea of what you want to do with them.”
He says his vision for what he wants to achieve with a piece sometimes comes quickly but often it just evolves as he is working. “A lot of the pieces you wouldn’t know what you’re going to do with them for a while and what they’re going to turn out to be.”
There’s nothing easy about working on timber that has been in the ground for thousands of years. “The timber is practically like stone it gets that hard. Everything has to be done by hand with it. It’s all hand carved, that’s the unfortunate thing about it and an extreme length of time goes into doing the pieces. They’re fantastic when they’re finished though.”
The piece he did was for the President was to hold the scroll he received. “At least if he lost the scroll he’d always have the piece,” Thomas joked.
WHAT a difference a few weeks make. A short time ago, Scariff were seen by many as serious challengers for a place in the quarter-finals of this season’s county senior hurling championship. In three weeks, that has all changed and the East Clare club now find themselves bottom of their table and heading into a relegation play-off.
All clubs across the county will agree that once a team’s involvement in the championship title race ends, it’s difficult to maintain interest. Scariff struggled to have a squad for this tie last Saturday and ended up with 17 players togged for action. This number included a couple from their junior team who were due to play in the championship later on Saturday afternoon.
Narrow losses to both Inagh-Kilnamona and champions, Clonlara, ended the Scariff team’s involvement in this year’s title race and they went into last Saturday’s final group game against neighbours, Tulla, in the knowledge that a draw would suffice to secure their senior status for the coming season.
Tulla, champions just two years ago (2007), were clearly determined to win this one and this determination saw them dominate throughout. Scariff struggled to put a team together with a number of their regulars missing for a variety of reasons.
Scariff started well and had early points from Damian O’Grady and free taker, Ross Horan, but Tulla quickly took control, helped by scores from Andrew Quinn and Danny O’Halloran. They went on to hold a six-point lead at half-time when the score was 0-10 to 0-4.
In an effort to improve matters, Scariff moved Conor McNamara from centre-back and Michael Scanlan from centre-forward to form the midfield partnership for the second half but Tulla continued to dominate and they ran out comfortable winners. The result puts them clear of the relegation play-offs into the senior B championship, the draws for which will be made next week.
Andrew Quinn was the Tulla men’s top scorer on the day with eight points to his credit while Kieran Brennan and Raymond Stewart each got a brace.
“We would have preferred to be winning earlier in the campaign. Scariff were short a few bodies today. We are delighted to have won this one,” Matt Corry, Tulla
“Tulla were full value for their win. What is alarming for Scariff is the way we petered out of the championship,” Mark McKenna, Scariff
With a name that suggests beauty and refinement, Simple Perle gives your site a perfectly polished look. Easy to setup, this theme lets you display your three newest Portfolio projects as well as your latest blog posts, all on the default front-page layout. Simple Perle is the perfect theme for anyone wanting to display portrait images using a magazine design.
RT @SD61Learn: Did you know we are 2 weeks away from the Tech For Learning Summit? Register for this inspiring 2 day #edtech #prod… https://t.co/6SQOwiLryE
Korean boots fashion version of female set BROWN 120W boots work Martin shoes short boots NSXZ the boots of snow student round rough high with dqzE85wTdx
The Chamber helps us keep up with local events and has always done a great job of helping me share with our guests what there is to do in Hillsboro.
Vicki frequently provides me with the tools to tempt some of our “just passing through” guests — into guests who come back again. I specifically love having the updated restaurant guide so that I can easily...
I use Whitney Houston's "Joy to The World" here. When I heard this song for the first time, I fancied the whole world dancing and turned this idea into animation.
Today is one of my favorite days of the year. It's always great to see the kids having a great time wearing their costumes and going trick or treating. It reminds me when my parents would take us as kids. Of course things are a lot different now, I don't know if I would take my child out in the public like we could do or to an organized event where I wouldn't have to worry about the candy they are getting which is sad.
I had our last meeting for the study with Nathaniel at Northeast Florida AIDS Network. Got to say hello to Torrencia who is always got a smile on her face. She makes everyone feel so welcome. After filling out a short exit survey, we were treated to lunch at Wasabi's. Wasabi's is a great restaurant right here in historic Riverside/Avondale where I live so that made it convenient. I'm sorry to see the group end. We had become close of the course of the study. Nathaniel and Donna did a great job. Nathaniel is getting ready to leave for a trip to Palm Springs, California for work.
This evening, Gary and I went down to Park and King where they were having a Halloween Event for the kids. We also went to eat at European Street. The food is still great but it just isn't the same place since Lew was killed in the accident. He was such a great loving giving man.
In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. Amen. “Modern man listens more willingly to witnesses than to teachers, and if he does listen to teachers, it is because they are witnesses.”
This quotation from Paul VI tells us a very important truth. Who was really significant in our own personal growth? When I recall the people who influenced me the most, they were all witnesses. In my life, I learned the most important things from witnesses. I still have grateful memories of people who shared what they lived. Such witnesses could be our parents, relatives, teachers, catechists, friends etc.
In today’s first reading, Joshua speaks to all the tribes of Israel. Moses’ successor had to convince the people to follow the Lord instead of other gods. Joshua said that there was a choice to be made. They had to choose between the true God and false idols. How did he do this? He gave them his own testimony, saying: “As for me and my family, we will serve the Lord” (Jos 24:15). Moved by his example, the people answered: “We also will serve the Lord, for he is our God” (Jos 24:24).
Joshua challenged the people and invited them to take a risk. They had to choose. It was their choice. At the same time, he presented his own example, proclaiming his decision to all.
I sometimes hear people with educational responsibilities, such as parents and teachers, express concerns about how to educate those entrusted to them.
First of all, the educator has to be someone who is searching for the truth himself. A true educator is someone who witnesses his personal discovery of the truth, something greater than himself.
Then the educator has to take a risk with those entrusted to him. Joshua took a risk with the people of God. They could have said “no” instead of “yes.” In education, personal freedom is really important.
In today’s Gospel, Jesus is rejected by almost all of his disciples, who said: “This saying is hard; who can accept it?” (Jn 6:60). Jesus took a risk with them by announcing the truth and they rejected him: “… many of his disciples returned to their former way of life and no longer accompanied him” (Jn 6:66). However, Jesus did not stop there. Then he said to the Twelve: “Do you also want to leave?” (Jn 6:67). Jesus risked everything. Our freedom is really important to him. He is not afraid to lose people. The truth entrusted to him by the Father is the most important thing that he has to propose. When we must educate, we cannot compromise the truth for fear of losing people.
When Jesus asks the apostles if they also want to leave, there is a great silence in the synagogue of Capernaum. The silence is broken by Peter, who says, “Master, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life” (Jn 6:68). Peter says that he is not leaving because he has found the meaning of his life in Jesus. Christ is the witness to what is really important. Without that which he witnesses, life makes no sense.
“Modern man listens more willingly to witnesses than to teachers, and if he does listen to teachers, it is because they are witnesses.”
Let us ask today for the grace of finding witnesses at every moment of our lives to help us walk the path of life. Amen.
So far, The Gifted has relied on the thrill of fast-paced, action-driven plot to keep viewers interests. The breakneck speed continues straight into Episode 2, which picks up moments after Reed is separated from the rest of his family, and captured by Sentinel Services. Wife Caitlin and kids Lauren and Andy don’t have too much time to dwell on the loss, as the Mutant Underground is immediately thrown into a high-stakes situation.
Blink, exhausted from using her powers to try to save the Struckers, is not only dying, but out-of-control. Her rogue powers are opening portals to a rural road. First, half of a truck speeds through, nearly crushing everyone in its path. Then, the local police call in an apparently local SWAT team to deal with the mutant threat.
None of the Mutant Underground members’ powers seem able to present any long-term solutions, but Caitlin’s nursing knowledge does. She offers to go with Marcos to steal the necessary drugs from a local hospital. (Because Caitlin is the kind of suburban nurse mom with latent spy capabilities — with Acker in the role and Caitlin being given much more to do than last week’s episode, I mostly buy it.)
Caitlin and Marcos’ escapades are the best parts of this diverting, yet mediocre episode. Caitlin, a paragon of white, non-mutant privilege is having a hard time comprehending the discrimination mutants face on a daily basis. It’s frustrating to see her ignorance play out, and the show doesn’t hold her accountable enough for her it. The best it can do is when Marcos asks her if she would have stood up for mutant kids at her kids’ school if they were not her own children, Caitlin stays thoughtfully silent. The Gifted’s insistence that Caitlin and Reed Strucker are people worth rooting for may be its biggest structural flaw at this point.
Of course, Reed’s character and Caitlin’s character are worlds apart. While Caitlin was willfully ignorant from the ‘burbs, Reed was willfully ignorant while actively taking part in the system, meeting and prosecuting “dangerous” mutants. On another show (or, you know, in the comics this is based on), Reed would be a bad guy. Thus far, I’m not sure what The Gifted wants us to think of him. In this episode, it goes to great lengths to make us empathize with his character, even though it’s hard to do so. While Reed is made to watch his mother be questioned by the police, Polaris is bullied, beaten, and thrown into isolation in actual prison. Reed may be behind bars, but he still has power. Polaris’ literal superpowers, part of who she is, are shackled by a collar that zaps her into submission whenever she tries to use them.
Besides, by the end of the episode, Reed is already cutting deals with Agent Jace Turner, who has his own Defining Character Moment: his seven-year-old daughter died in a mutant accident. This is sad, but not a reason to lock other people up (including, probably, some seven year olds). Again The Gifted should worry less about making all of its characters seem equally sympathetic.
Reed agrees to give up the Mutant Underground in exchange for his family’s safety, which is just a dick move and one that, no doubt his much more conscientious daughter (and increasingly woke wife) may have a problem with. After her adventures with Marcos and her taste of spycraft justice, Caitlin is totally drinking the Mutant Underground Kool-Aid. Given that the Mutant Underground isn’t even organized enough to have a doctor, the clandestine support system would be lucky to have her.
Overall, this was another entertaining episode, though one that was far better at action and intrigue than it was at character-building or exploration of theme. The Gifted remains at its best when it keeps the pace fast, but the cracks in the narrative start to show whenever the characters slow down for a breath. That’s going to need to change moving forward or viewers won’t care enough about these mutants to care either way.
It’s unfortunate that The Gifted has no black mutant characters so far, but populated the prison bullies with black actresses.
Where was Blink blinking to when she was opening unconscious portals? Surely, this is a link to her past.
I continue to be unimpressed with the Mutant Underground’s skills as an organization… and their lack of members over the age of 35.
The Gifted exists in a world where pretty much every human is, at best, willfully ignorant of the injustice of mutant policy and social treatment or, at worst, will laugh at and attack mutants when they present powers. This level of nihilism seems unrealistic.
The FDA doesn't propose different therapies to treat sexual dysfunction.[24] Numerous items are marketed as "herbal viagra" or "natural" sexual enhancement merchandise, but no medical trials or scientific research assist the effectiveness of these products for the therapy of erectile dysfunction, and artificial chemical compounds much like sildenafil are already observed as adulterants in lots of of those solutions.
Physicians may well inject a "distinction agent" into your affected individual's bloodstream that causes vascular tissues to jump out from other tissues. The distinction agent presents for enhanced info concerning blood source and vascular anomalies.
Along with its function as being a purely natural hormone, testosterone is made use of being a medication, As an example within the treatment method of lower testosterone levels in Adult males and breast cancer in Gals.
Adult testosterone effects tend to be more Evidently demonstrable in males than in girls, but are very likely essential to both of those sexes. Some of these results might decrease as testosterone ranges could possibly reduce within the later on many years of Grownup existence.[twenty five] Wellbeing dangers[edit]
Focus, memory, and spatial potential are important cognitive capabilities impacted by testosterone in individuals. Preliminary evidence implies that minimal testosterone levels may be a threat factor for cognitive decrease and possibly for dementia with the Alzheimer's style,[ninety eight][ninety nine][a hundred][one zero one] a key argument in everyday life extension medication for using testosterone in anti-aging therapies.
Surgical intervention for quite a few situations may take out anatomical structures important to erection, injury nerves, or impair blood source. Erectile dysfunction is a common complication of solutions for prostate most cancers, including prostatectomy and destruction of the prostate by exterior beam radiation, Even though the prostate gland by itself isn't needed to attain an erection.
Back then there have been less supplements, excuses and communicate, as a substitute there was additional sweat and for a longer period exercise routines.
Testosterone would not appear to raise the possibility of developing prostate most cancers. In Individuals who have gone through testosterone deprivation therapy, testosterone boosts further than the castrate level are already proven to boost the price of spread of an present prostate most cancers.[26][27][28]
You furthermore may may have TT if you hurt or drop your testicles. If your testicles are eliminated as a consequence of a sickness which include most cancers, you might require TT.
Anabolic effects incorporate growth of muscle mass and power, amplified bone density and strength, and stimulation of linear growth and bone maturation.
The Mind is likewise afflicted by this sexual differentiation;[13] the enzyme aromatase converts testosterone into estradiol that's answerable for masculinization in the brain in male mice.
Through puberty (inside the teen years), testosterone can help boys produce male options like system and facial hair, deeper voice, and muscle mass toughness. Adult males have to have testosterone to make sperm. Testosterone ranges usually reduce with age, so more mature Adult men are inclined to get reduced blood testosterone ranges.
You can get read here on the right track permanently urologic wellbeing with much better ingesting behaviors and little alterations on your Way of living. Browse our Dwelling Nutritious section to discover healthful recipes and Physical fitness tips to handle and prevent urologic ailments.
During the late 16th and seventeenth generations in France, male impotence was thought of against the law, as well as lawful grounds for your divorce. The follow, which involved inspection with the complainants by court specialists, was declared obscene in 1677.[31]
The Mountains biome is an uncommon biome that includes huge elevated peaks, covered in snow. Grass and trees do not grow naturally in this biome due to the thick layer of snow. Under the snow lies stone. You also won't find any water nor sand.
This biome is not recommended to start a Colony, as it's steep peaks and lack of resources makes it hard to advance.
OIT is continuing to define the new broadband data development process. The broadband service database will proceed as a means for Coloradans to identify where broadband service is inadequate or nonexistent. It will allow policy makers to discern where policies or, potentially funding, should be focused within the state to improve broadband service. Accordingly, the database should be as accurate as possible, but also indicate the reliability of the data and where the data should be improved to assist with decision making.
The Colorado broadband data is not a static map. It is a dynamic database with multiple layers. These layers include:
As in the past, the data will still be displayed on a public facing map to give an overall perspective on broadband in the state, but more detailed information from the database may be shared with Local Technology Planning Teams and other broadband stakeholders, particularly in consultation with OIT.
OIT will continue to refine its database of CAIs to produce an accurate comprehensive database of the locations of these facilities as well as information about the broadband service available to them. We will improve the database locationally through feedback from county GIS departments, where present and LTPTs.
OIT will compare county GIS data regarding CAI locations to OIT’s data. Locations missing from OIT’s database will be entered into the database. Differences between OIT’s and the County’s data will be reported back to the County and reconciled with them. LTPTs will be asked to review OIT’s CAI data and report errors or omissions in the locations of the CAIs. In addition, the LTPTs can assist in reaching out to the CAIs to collect broadband information. In addition, wherever possible organizational networks that can connect OIT with multiple CAIs will be leveraged (e.g., Colorado Telehealth Network for health care facilities) to collect this information or assist with outreach to individual institutions.
Broadband providers will continue to be the first source of information about this service. The primary information will be speed of service that they provide. The information requested of broadband service providers will allow for the maximum fidelity in the data with minimum interpretation by OIT personnel. If data of lower precision or fidelity is given to OIT, OIT staff will have to make judgements about the service available based on the knowledge available to the personnel. The preferred information requested from wireline broadband providers in order of preference will be:
OIT has received comments that the NTIA’s requirement that service be available within five days of providing data on service coverage is too restrictive. We are considering alternative definitions for available broadband. For example, if a broadband service provider has started construction on the infrastructure or has acquired land or rights to property for such infrastructure, the area corresponding to the location of this infrastructure may be represented with broadband service.
Broadband service data will be referenced to geographic areas defined by the Public Land Survey System. That is, geographic units will be attributed with the speed available within that unit, based on the information provided. The units will be divided (e.g., sections into quarter sections, quarter sections into quarter quarter sections) based whether the presence of broadband service cover a portion of the unit or if there is variation in the development of the unit based on OIT’s address point data. For example, if a section appears developed only in one part of the section, it will be further divided into quarter sections to provide more spatial specificity in the representation of broadband service.
OIT will work closely with LTPTs, regional planning efforts or other local stakeholders to verify the broadband coverage. OIT will conduct intensive workshops to review the service representation in these areas. OIT is requesting feedback from local stakeholders that identifies where the OIT data is incorrect. Specifically, the feedback should take the form of the address where attempts have been made to obtain service and the response from each of the providers that should be servicing that address based on OIT’s data. With this specific feedback, the coverage representation will be adjusted according to the local experience.
OIT will assign a confidence level to each geographic unit represented in the broadband service data. This will allow OIT and other users of the data to identify where the data is less accurate or reliable and therefore needs refinement.
The initial confidence in the data will be based on the source data from each broadband provider. The most accurate or precise data will receive the highest confidence level. Confidence may be reduced with:
no speed tests matching the reported speed from the broadband provider out of a significant number of tests
OIT will provide detailed speed test locations and results to LTPTs, but our public facing web map will aggregate the speed tests and their results providing high level information about where test exist and their general results. We will work with LTPTs and other stakeholders to increase speed tests in areas where the broadband service data is lower in confidence and where there are gaps in speed tests.
The opinions or perspectives shared on this site are not those of the state or the Governor's Office and
do not reflect any official positions and should not be attributed to any state office or representative.
Open pool session at Meyer's Pool in Arvada. There is a $9.75 fee to enter the pool facility. This is open to the public, you do not need to be a CW member to attend.
AMAZINGLY JUST RENOVATED 4 bedroom, 2 full bath ranch on 2.3 acres in the heart of Auburn, great commuter location close to all highways. This home offers a completely remodeled kitchen, bathrooms, granite counter tops, gas stove, refrigerator, dishwasher, heating system, A/C unit, roof, 200amp service, windows, real hard wood floors, deck., new driveway with retaining wall. Property is zoned two family could be great in-law. Only the best material, tiles, wood floors, counter tops were used to bring this home back to life.
Reiki distance healing is Reiki remote energy healing that uses Reiki energy to help stress reduction, depression treatment, test anxiety and so much more.
free reiki distance healing Your free reiki distance healing will be performed through the use of a Antahkarana grid and is performed free of charge to the
Healing reiki for your physical, emotional and spiritual well being. Receive reiki healing for donation.
This entry was posted on Tuesday, November 15th, 2005 at 12:51 am and is filed under Energy Healing.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
There seems to be a strangely persistent notion that the insistence on an actual distinction between the thought of God and man is a mistake of some sort. That emphasizing that “My thoughts are higher than your thoughts[1]” is somehow a bad thing, when it comes to not only the scope of those thoughts, but the nature of those thoughts. If God is, indeed, infinite, timeless, immutable and omniscient, along with all of the rest of who and what He is, it seems to be readily apparent that there is something, well… distinct… about the very nature of God’s thinking. For instance – if God is, indeed, timeless, then we have to drop the entire notion of God’s thought as occurring in time. If God is, indeed, immutable, then the notion of God’s thoughts moving in sequential order or changing in successive increments seems also to be out. Which should, given the above, bring the following to mind – if God knows all things, knows all things eternally, changelessly, and infinitely – doesn’t He know everything there is to know, and know it all immediately[2]? Granting this is the case – does it not follow that there is a necessary distinction between the nature (as well as the scope) of God’s knowledge and our own?
Essentially, what I’m trying to say is that there seems to be a significant problem with taking “My thoughts are higher than your thoughts” to be merely talking about “scope.” After all, what else does that verse say? It says “My ways are higher than your ways.” I don’t think much of anyone is going to argue that God, insofar as His ways are concerned, is comparative to humanity in all but scope! God’s ways are His actions and purposes, I’d argue – and not only are they quantitatively different, to put it in different terms, but qualitatively different. God, as Creator, is quite literally, incomparable – and utterly unique. His attributes are not shared, and cannot be shared, by any creature or creation whatsoever. Some of the attributes we list for God are “communicable”, this is true – but then we must define what is meant by “communicable”, immediately. By communicable, what we mean is that as creatures, we have attributes that are like God’s insofar as a creature can be. We can love, and even love like God – but that doesn’t mean we love exactly like God does, even if we do. We love like God insofar as creatures can do so.
On the Point of Contact podcast, a good while back, we talked for a bit about the implications for this doctrine on 1) The Laws of Logic and 2) Possibility. We discussed Bahnsen’s quote, which expressly says that the Laws of Logic are not created in the first – and we expanded some on that discussion when speaking of possibility. What I haven’t done since is do any expansion on this, at least on the blog. This is perhaps unfortunate, because it has far-reaching implications for our apologetic.
First, when we think about what we mean when we say “the laws of logic” – the ones we use – we only have two alternatives. One: they are identical to God, the Logos, in the sense of Logic – and we are not only thinking God’s thoughts after Him, but thinking identically to Him, because God’s attributes are identical with Himself. Two: They are analogous to the innate logic of God, and reflect that nature within our created nature, by God’s grace.
Second, compare this to something like morality. Would we dare to say that when we are acting morally, in accordance with the moral law of God, that we are acting identically with God? Or, similar to point two, would we say that we are living analogously to God’s innate righteousness in a creaturely way, by God’s grace?
Third, think about what is a creature, and what is the Creator. God exists of Himself from eternity. Nothing else does. God, obviously, created all things – and anything not Himself is His creation. So, we have to bite the bullet here. We have to pick one of the two options above – or create another category altogether. Either the laws of logic are identical with God – are God – or are created things – not-God. However, someone may try to claim that concepts, or ideas, are not created “things.” The problem with this, I think, is that you have concepts divorced from the Sovereignty of God – which is intrinsically tied to His creation of them. If these concepts are not creations- then what tie, what connection, do they have to God, and His creation if 1) They are not Him and 2) Are not created by Him? This amounts to God using the “cards He was dealt” in some sense. There is some authority which is, in some sense, now controlling God, or at least His actions!
As I explained in the podcast, I believe that there is actually a distinction which has to be made concerning “necessity” and “contingency” in terms of 1) The Creator/Creature distinction and 2) Possibility. Ontologically – God is as He is, a se – of Himself – and is self-contained. Economically, creation is at it is because God has ordained it that way. Ontologically, God is necessary, and as such, is “the self-contained God”. God is contingent on nothing – and cannot be contingent on anything whatsoever. Economically, God ordains what is necessary in creation. All things are as they are because He has ordained them that way. Most of the time, this is the necessity we are really talking about. What “has to happen”. Ultimately, whatever happens, happens precisely because God has said it should. These things are contingent upon God’s ordination of all things whatsoever that come to pass. Immediately, everything happens because God created things in an orderly fashion – and we call this order in which creation is set up “laws.” As I’ve also said elsewhere (and stolen shamelessly from Dr. White), I consider these laws to be “artifacts of creation”, as he puts it. In Dr. White’s case, he is describing canon, which is the “rule”, or “law” of Scripture. In this case, we are talking about laws in general, and the laws of logic in particular. They are the necessary by-products of having a creation brought about by God, who acts in accordance with His nature. The order to this creation – the artifacts of creating, and creating them in this fashion – are “laws” which reflect the nature of the God who ordained all these things. They are the order in which all of His creation fit together, and are analogous to the way that God Himself is orderly.
As creatures in the image of God, we are rational beings. As such, we are “analogous” to Him – we are “like” Him – and we are similar to Him – but we are not Him. We are expressions of God’s glory – and as such, we are much like Him, in a creaturely fashion. On the other hand, we are not him, must not think of ourselves more highly than we ought, and must not think that we are somehow identical to Him.
a hundred % Economical: At My Homework Help, our target will be to help you get a far better understanding of computer science, by aiding you with tricky programming assignments.
The most widely made use of programming languages are C, C++, and JAVA. A programming language can typically be divided into two components: syntax and semantics.Computer networking specials With all the computer networks which consist of a number of interconnected computers.
The Computer Match Science big offers college students a solid Basis in introductory information and facts and computer science, an in depth instruction in technologies and style procedures linked to computer online games, and a possibility to target in two regions of unique interest to the scholar.
Computer Science is usually a industry for college students considering technological innovation, programming and dilemma-fixing. At UW-Eco-friendly Bay, Computer Science college students get a solid background in programming techniques, as well as go away This system with holistic conversation and presentation skills that prepares them for computer science Occupations.
I&C SCI H22 with a grade of C or better. I&C SCI 33 by using a grade of C or better. CSE 43 with a quality of C or greater. I&C SCI 45C having a grade of C or greater. CSE 45C with a quality of C or superior. MATH 6G which has a quality of C or greater. MATH 3A by using a quality of C or greater. I&C SCI 6N that has a quality of C or much better
Myhomeworkhelp.com enjoys a higher amount of repeat clients, As well as pupil referrals from satisfied buyers.
Principles and observe of engineering of computer program and components systems. Subject areas include tactics for controlling complexity; strong modularity utilizing customer-server structure, Digital memory, and threads; networks; coordination of parallel pursuits; stability and encryption; and general performance optimizations.
The Program Engineering main gives students a powerful Basis in software package engineering in addition to a solid basis in computer science. Learners who comprehensive the foremost will be able to be productive customers of program engineering teams in many different application domains which includes, although not limited to, Web and cell applications.
The introductory classes, together with other lower-division ICS courses, may very well be employed to meet Normal Education and learning prerequisites. Nonmajors may consider other Bren ICS programs for which they've satisfied the stipulations.
Principles of computer architecture emphasizing components utilized with my sources common goal processor to support superior-performance computer games and graphics engines.
entrepreneurship assignment help online get organization administration assignment help asset managment assignment help company communication assignment help behaviour administration assignment help Global organization assignment help leadership assignment help business enterprise management marketing and advertising marketing investigate possibility administration MBA assignment e advertising international marketing Global banking industrial relations operations administration organizational conduct total top quality management project management hr case analyze Accounting and Finance australian taxation program managerial accounting statistics econometrics economics Corporate Accounting financial accounting accounting finance Auditing Assignment Help
Within this project, you'll be able to read what he said Learn how much a bag can hold, so that you can impress persons next time you go to the food market.
The school’s accelerated on the internet bachelor’s diploma in computer science makes it possible for pupils to graduate with their diploma in a brief period of time. Students may make a choice from a bachelor of arts or possibly a bachelor of science. Subjects incorporate programming languages, cybersecurity, and synthetic intelligence.
Inside their past two semesters, students implement the things they uncovered by developing a actual-globe computer data technique project for a corporation or Group. Credit hrs received as a result of local internships give learners palms-on knowledge inside the subject.
There were 993 items matching the term "lawn mower web graphics" at Clipart.com. Click here to see more.
We live on a dynamic Earth shaped by both natural processes and the impacts of humans on their environment. It is in our collective interest to observe and understand our planet, and to predict future behavior to the extent possible, in order to effectively manage resources, successfully respond to threats from natural and human-induced environmental change, and capitalize on the opportunities -- social, economic, security, and more -- that suc... More >>
Worker safety and health is of paramount importance to thriving workplaces and the well-being of the 156 million adults in the U.S. workforce. Occupational safety and health (OSH) surveillance systems provide the data and analyses needed to understand the relationships between work and injuries and illnesses with the goal of improving worker safety and health. In the United States, OSH surveillance is a collaborative effort of federal, state, an... More >>
The human microbiome is composed of a great number of diverse microorganisms that inhabit the human body. Until recently, the role of the microbiome in maintaining human health was not fully appreciated. Today, however, scientists are beginning to explain the important roles that it might play in a wide array of diseases, such as diabetes, asthma, and inflammatory bowel disease. Recent studies have indicated that the human microbiome ca... More >>
Public Briefing: January 25 at 2:00 p.m. The public is invited to a presentation to learn about the findings of this study beginning at 2 p.m. on Thursday, January 25 at the Red Lion Hotel in Kelso. Register today! The massive volumes of volcanic debris deposited in the Spirit Lake and the Toutle River system during the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens in southwest Washington State drastically changed the region and left its 50,00... More >>
Reducing the Threat of Improvised Explosive Device Attacks by Restricting Access to Explosive Precursor Chemicals (2017)
Improvised explosive devices (IEDs) are a type of unconventional explosive weapon that can be deployed in a variety of ways, and can cause loss of life, injury, and property damage in both military and civilian environments. Terrorists, violent extremists, and criminals often choose IEDs because the ingredients, components, and instructions required to make IEDs are highly accessible. In many cases, precursor chemicals enable this criminal use o... More >>
REGULAR MEETING of Delta Municipal Council to be held Monday, May 29, 2017 at 7:00 p.m. at the Kennedy Seniors' Recreation Centre, Main Hall, 11760 – 88th Avenue, Delta, British Columbia.
Presentation regarding Mayors’ Council 10-Year Vision - Phase One and Phase Two Plans and Public Education and Outreach Campaign.
Memorandum from the Director of Community Planning and Development dated May 17, 2017 regarding Final Consideration and Adoption of Bylaws No. 7436 and 7437 for 8278 108 Street (Higgins). (File: LU007442 and B/Ls 7436 & 7437)
Memorandum from the Director of Community Planning and Development dated May 17, 2017 regarding Final Consideration and Adoption of Bylaw No. 7434 and Issuance of Development Variance Permit LU007888 at 4690 and 4714 Kirkland Road (Ellis). (File: LU007888 and B/L 7434)
Report by the Community Planning and Development Department dated May 19, 2017 regarding Delta Heritage Strategy Update and Heritage Action Plan: Heritage Control Period Bylaw. (File: P15-7 and B/Ls 7492, 7493 & 7681)
Report by the Boundary Bay Airport Advisory Committee dated May 9, 2017 regarding 2017 Boundary Bay Airport Advisory Committee Work Plan.
Report by the Corporate Services Department dated May 15, 2017 regarding Noise Variance for Heritage Hangar Roof Replacement Project.
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated May 19, 2017 regarding Gray Elementary School – Community Initiated Cost Sharing Project. (File: 14050-20) Licence
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated May 19, 2017 regarding The Sidekick Players Club – Licence Renewal. (File: 11100-20/SPC)
Report by the Engineering Department dated May 25, 2017 regarding Tasker Floodbox Replacement Contract Award. (File: D15-420)
Report by the Engineering Department dated May 8, 2017 regarding Water Meters and Components Contract Award. (File: 7260-20)
Report by the Engineering Department dated May 23, 2017 regarding Spring Freshet/Irrigation Water Supply Update. (File: 5100-20/SF/2017)
Report by the Community Planning and Development Department dated May 18, 2017 regarding Development Permit at 4917 Delta Street (Delta Community Living Society). (File: LU008235)
Report by the Community Planning and Development Department dated May 18, 2017 regarding New Application Received Official Community Plan Amendment, Rezoning, Road Closure, Development Permit and Subdivision for 7592 119A Street and
Report by the Community Planning and Development Department dated May 17, 2017 regarding Request to Waive Six Month Waiting Period for a New Application at 6420 Ladner Trunk Road (Otter Farm & Home Co-Operative, Inc.). (File: ENQ01834)
Report by the Corporate Services Department dated May 16, 2017 regarding Boundary Bay Airport: 2017 Battle of Britain Commemorative Parade.
Report by the Corporate Services Department dated May 11, 2017 regarding Provincial Water Lot Leases Update and UBCM Resolution.
2285 managerial accounting student solutions manual no short description managerial accounting student solutions manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2286 the family cow handbook a guide to keeping a milk cow by philip hasheider 25 jul 2011 flexibound no short description the family cow handbook a guide to keeping a milk cow by philip hasheider 25 jul 2011 flexibound because this is pdf file * PDF *
2291 financial cryptography and data security 17th international conference fc 2013 okinawa japan april 1 5 2013 revised selected papers lecture notes in computer science no short description financial cryptography and data security 17th international conference fc 2013 okinawa japan april 1 5 2013 revised selected papers lecture notes in computer science because this is pdf file * PDF *
2292 cheer coach resume sample no short description cheer coach resume sample because this is pdf file * PDF *
2296 applications of intelligent systems for news analytics in finance no short description applications of intelligent systems for news analytics in finance because this is pdf file * PDF *
2302 lessons learned about nonprofit management and finance no short description lessons learned about nonprofit management and finance because this is pdf file * PDF *
2305 unleashing the power of unconditional respect transforming law enforcement and police training no short description unleashing the power of unconditional respect transforming law enforcement and police training because this is pdf file * PDF *
2310 coursemaster student access code for macroeconomics principles and policy 12th edition no short description coursemaster student access code for macroeconomics principles and policy 12th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2314 windows 10 from beginner to expert a complete userguide to microsofts intelligent new operating system updated and edited no short description windows 10 from beginner to expert a complete userguide to microsofts intelligent new operating system updated and edited because this is pdf file * PDF *
I began collecting the 1952 Bowman cards back in 1993 when I got sick of the over-production, outrageous prices and sea of inserts that flowed from all the major producers of baseball cards at the time. It made me look elsewhere for my collecting fun. I really like art card rather than photographs, and smaller cards rather than the standard sized cards. 1952 Bowman is both. There was a shop near my place of residence which had a good amount of the cards so I saved my money and after a few months went in with an offer for all of them. I purchased over 50 cards that day at an overall cost of $5.00 a card. Soon after the purchase my financial and marital status changed and my money was better used elsewhere.
Recently I have returned to collecting and my attention was drawn back to the 1952 Bowman set. I decided I would try to finish the set. I began in November of last year and here is my progress summed up until now.
My first task was to find a display area for the set. Many people will just put the cards in a box or binder, but I wanted to see the cards as a whole in one area so I can view them and watch the progression. I found the perfect place in my apartment hallway. I measured the space and it was perfect. The set has 252 cards and the wall measured exactly 14 top loaders across and fit 18 top loaders down. I used blue sticky putty to attach the top loaders and filled every top loader with a card if it was available. Here is what the results look like:
As you can see everything fits perfectly. Here are the purchases I made since I returned to collecting the set:
If you would like to see all the cards and what I paid for each one just go to the 1952 Bowman page here or you can see it in the menu items on the top left of evey page/post on the site. page.
Posted in Collecting Challenge, Collecting Challenge 1952 Bowman.	Tagged 1950s, 1952, Bowman, Collecting Challenge.
I received my latest cards from COMC and eBay today (shown above). With these cards I finished the wall of all the cards from 2016-2014. I still need a few graded cards for storage, but for the wall it’s all done. The five cards I added to the wall to complete 2016-2014 are:
With the completion of 2016-2014 I can now move on to the next three years (2013-2011). Here are the inductees and the cards I will pursue:
Hank O’Day was a Pitcher / Umpire / Manager back in the late 1800’s early 1900’s. He was voted in by the Veterans Committee as an umpire. As he was a pitcher originally he does have cards in the a few of the early pre-1900 sets (1887 N172 Old Judge and the 1889 Hartley Studio Cabinet set (see below)):
These cards rarely are seen for purchase and when they have shown up at various auction sites they usually command over $1000.00. As triple digit priced cards are above my pay grade, I will have to search elsewhere of an O’Day card. In 1994, the Conlon Collection pictured Hank O’Day so it will be that card I will pursue.
Ruppert was the owner of the New York Yankees from 1915 until his death in 1939. He was voted in by the Veterans Committee as an Executive. He was never a ballplayer so he didn’t have any cards for that purpose. Once he entered the Hall the card companies began producing cards of the man. I personally liked his 2013 Panini Golden Age card (you gotta love the top hat) so I chose it as the card to add.
Mr. White was a catcher from the pre-1900s who also played third base. Like Hank O’Day, he has cards back in the pre-1900 days that are out of reach for most collectors both for rarity and price.
Since these cards are out of my price range I decided to look for an alternative. The one that caught my eye was in the 2012 Upper Deck Goodwin Champions set. The image on the card copied the one on the 1888-89 Old Judge card which I liked so I chose it to add.
Larkin’s first cards came out in 1987. Donruss, Fleer and Topps all had a card for the Red’s shortstop.
Santo did not gain enough votes from the Writers so he had to wait until the Veterans Committee voted him in. He has only one first card from Topps back in 1961.
Alomar’s first cards came out in 1988 but everyone except Donruss waited until their year-end Rookie/Traded sets to include him. Therefore he has only two first cards, the Donruss card, and Donruss’ Canadian counterpart Leaf.
Blyleven reached the hall after being on the ballot since 1998 (14 years). His first cards came out in 1971 in Topps and O-Pee-Chee.
Gillick went in as an executive for his work on bringing the Blue Jays two World Series titles back in the 90s. He never played major league baseball so it wasn’t until his induction that baseball cards started to appear of him. One of the more attractive cards put out of the man was in the 2014 Panini Hall of Fame Signatures set so I decided on that one to be added to the wall.
In total that is twelve cards for the years 2013-2011 that will be collected and added to the wall. I purchased the Gillick, White, and Ruppert cards which came in the latest deliveries from COMC and eBay. I bought the Topps Blyleven card a few months ago, the Donruss Alomar card and the Topps Larkin card I’ve had for over a decade. That leaves six remaining to find and purchase. Once that is done I can move on to 2010 and beyond.
If you would like to see all the cards I have collected, both graded and ungraded, and the price I paid for each just go to the menu at the top left of each page (The Hall of Fame Table) or click here.
My latest purchases came in and with it I am coming closer to finishing the cards I need for the inductees from 2016 back to 2014.
As a reminder, here is the list of all HoF members and their cards from 2016 to 2013 (I’m collecting chronologically backward in years as you remember):
I highlighted in orange the cards I have for the wall. That means I have only five cards remaining (ungraded) before I move on to 2013 and before.
If you wish to check my progress (including graded cards for this collection and prices I paid for all the cards) just click here
inkBoat's "Without Us." Counterpulse, April 5-7 We are going to be squished into a very tiny little space. Want to join us? Central to the landscape of “Without Us” is a 1 meter x 1 meter x 2 meter steel and glass container with three dancers inhabiting it. That exceeds the maximum number of individuals the confines (environment) can support, given the resources available. inkBoat's "Without Us" April 5-7, 2013 all shows at 8pm Directed by Shinichi Iova-Koga, this work draws on a variety of sources, including his previous work with Sleepytime Gorilla Museum’s “Last Human Being,” Alan Weisman’s book “The World Without Us,” and Masanobu Fukuoka’s book “Sowing Seeds in the Desert.” In this first outing of “Without Us,” Suki O’Kane is doing sound design, seeking the acoustic properties of natural materials in this ice, water, sand and rice environment, bolstered by the musical artistry of Dylan Bolles, Jason Ditzian andDohee Lee. Dance: Shinichi Iova-Koga, Dana Iova-Koga, Peiling Kao, Benjamin Jarrett Music: Suki O'Kane, Dylan Bolles, Jason Ditzian and special appearance by Dohee Lee. Set: Frank Lee All shows at 8pm Counterpulse 1310 Mission Street (near 9th) San Francisco In other news, our production "Line Between" just won the Izzie award for "Outstanding Visual Design." Congratulations to Amy Rathbone, Allen Willner, Frank Lee and Alice Wu! Shall we bring it to Japan? Korea? Copyright © 2013 inkBoat, All rights reserved.
Do you have property that you would like to sell? Are you looking for a strategy to reduce your income taxes? A bargain sale might be the right strategy for you.
Take the cash received from the sale and reinvest it to create future income, save for retirement, buy new property or achieve other financial goals
You can take a charitable deduction for the value of your gift which is the difference between the fair market value of the property less the sale price.
While you may owe some tax on the sale proceeds you receive from The Denver Foundation, the charitable deduction from your gift could offset some, most or all of your capital gains taxes associated with the sale.
A bargain sale may be accomplished even if you have a mortgage on your property. Because relief from indebtedness can have tax implications, please consult with your tax advisor prior to completing a gift of a bargain sale.
If you have any questions about a bargain sale, please contact us. We would be happy to assist you and answer any questions you might have.
Join the Illuminati and become rich and famous. Illuminati members are Famous, Super Wealthy and also stand above the law.
This September, UK Finance will host its first Digital Innovation Summit, a multi-stream conference dedicated to the latest developments in technology, digital innovation and data security.
This December UK Finance, in conjunction with LexisNexis Risk Solutions, will host its first Economic Crime Congress, a multi-stream event discussing the key economic crime topics of 2018.
A UK Finance and KPMG joint report on how greater cooperation both within businesses and between firms, law enforcement and government is central to tackling the growing threat of cyber crime.
The third cohort in our popular Conduct Risk and Culture Academies is now available to book. The Academy offers practical solutions for embedding good conduct and culture in your organisation.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. OK A Party Short coral Line Prom Dress 023 Beadings Formal Women's Charmingbridal 5wx4OXFX
How long I don't take my camera to kill some films to get a few stimulation? I dislike the cold wheather especially it happens in my holiday time. Oh No! my rare holidays.
The outgrowth pokie suppress is the alternative headed for suspend only before extra of the reels among the apprehension it purpose get a taking amalgam including the finding of the erstwhile gyrate reels.
Furthermore, you eat a familiar amuck standard in the field of the give form of a concealed explorer. Rich Angle Manumitted Slots puts the Gold ingot within Goldfish, thanks on the road to a mountainous top prize then likeable payouts.
This is where all in character roleplaying occurs. Please note that posts in this forum do not count toward your post count, and that old threads are subject to periodic prunination!
Type of Magic: Abyss magic, Abyss magic turns the user into an abyss the users of abyss magic is able to absorb all types of magic (like how a dragon slayer eats similar magic) after the magic has been absorbed it can then be released as the spell that was absorbed. If the user absorbs a spell enough times he is able to use the spell as an abyss spell (Fire dragon roar becomes Abyss dragon roar). True abyss magic is magic that is originally used by the Abyss (i.e. Abyss Break)
Personality: highly unmotivated often needing a very good reason to do anything, will often remark on how he hates everything but will often act to save the things he reportedly hates, he hates to be kept waiting and to keep people waiting, will not offer excuses for his actions, he hates his own magic believing that it should not be used
The artist that I chose was Jean-Michel Basquiat, a famous artist in urban, Hip-Hop and New York City culture. Some of the images I chose represents Basquiat's work and attitude as a whole. Though Basquiat was known for his graffiti art around SOHO manhattan, and his SAMO graffiti art movements around New York City, he published over thousands of paintings and drawings before he died. What makes Basquiat so unique is not only his style of untraditional techniques and innateness, but his layers of layers of drawings which captures his art as a whole. Basquiat also puts down words to describe what his paintings are about. Basquiat's work also resembles political problems and stereotypical views going on within black culture.
This illustration is called Rice and Chicken, made in 1981. This picture resembles the stereotypical view of Black people's love for chicken. It shows a black person serving food to a white person. The illustration's meaning comes from the stereotype of Blacks people's love for chicken, which only came from the origin of slavery when black servants served slave masters.
The next illustration from Basquiat is The Irony of The Negro Policeman, produced in 1981. This painting was to show the irony behind a black person being a law enforcer who is deceptive to a white majority. It also shows a cage behind the black face to show that in reality, black people lead the nation in population for incarceration. This picture brings about the question, who would want to work for a society that imprisons its own kind.
The last illustrations that I chose by Basquiat is Skull, produced in 1981. This painting shows a black male with a halo or crown above his head. The meaning behind the painting resembles an opposing view of black men in america. Black men aren't recognized as being intellectual and inferior through educating themselves but are only accepted as athletes. The mindset of physicality over intelligence penetrates the many minds of stereotypical views. Basquiat wants to show in his painting that what makes the black male, or any human is his mind.
Georges Braque fascinates me for two reasons primarily: he was instrumental in the formation of cubism but is often overlooked and his nature as a quiet, reserved inventive man is consistently expressed in the evolution of his work (he also has some of my favourite quotes). Braque began painting by training as a house painter and a decorator in the family tradition, but through this entry point he began to study artistic painting at the Institute of Fine Arts in Le Havre. After finishing a certification in Le Havre, he went on to study at the Humbert Academy in Paris and it was here that he experienced his first major change in style. Up until this point, Braque had primarily been working in an impressionistic style, a style which emphasized freely brushed colors over the rules of academic painting, but at the Academy he encountered the “Fauves” and was heavily influenced by their style. Fauvism can be described as utilizing bright colors to represent emotional responses in a piece, practiced by such artists as Matisse and Derain. After his exposure to this artistic group, Braque worked with some fellow artists from Le Havre to quiet down the style and make it more to his liking. In the piece below, Le Viaduc de L’Estaque, we can see how Braque has moved away from impressionism with the defined lining in the piece and the overall composition to embrace Fauvism with his brilliant use of color to emphasize the subject of his painting. Interestingly compared to other Fauvist artists, Braque is very sparingly using his color palate in order to not distract from the subject in any way. This is a trend expressed throughout his life’s work, a focus on the use of color in shades and values, but with caution against using too many colors with many pieces being completely monochromatic. In this piece the muted blue/green framing elements are sharply contrasted by the red/orange focal colors.
In 1907, Braque gained some notice by exhibiting his Fauvist works and while in Paris for his exhibit had the opportunity to visit the retrospective gallery of Cezanne, who had passed just the year before. Braque became heavily influenced by the work of Cezanne and was began to experiment with geometric simplification and new ideas of color usage to show dimensionality. Braque also experimented with the idea of simultaneous perspective and sought to question the artistic norms of the time. During this time, Braque met Pablo Picasso and they immediately began working closely together. For a period of around 6 years Picasso and Braque painted side by side and together developed a totally new style. Both artists had been impressed by the work of Cezanne and their shared focus allowed them to heighten each other’s work while bringing different perspectives. Braque was more concerned with analysis and contemplation of a piece while Picasso was concerned with trying to express animation. Together they invented first Analytical Cubism and then Cubism itself. Interestingly, for a two year period the artists’ works were so similar that we still cannot determine the exact ownership of some of them today.
“The things that Picasso and I said to one another during those years will never be said again, and even if they were, no one would understand them anymore. It was like being roped together on a mountain.” -Braque
The painting below, La guitare, is an example of Analytical Cubism and truly an insight into the way that Braque practiced the style in this time period. The piece is monochromatic with a shattered, simultaneous perspective of the guitar showing all the aspects of the item being examined and allowing the viewer to consider it in a new way. The Cubist style also had a large allure in that it granted the artist more control over the reading that their viewers would draw from the piece, as Ernst Gombrich put it the style could “enforce one reading of the picture – that of a man-made construction, a colored canvas”. La guitare has always been an amazing piece to me as it is at the same time crystal clear what the subject of the piece is and totally novel as you are seeing a guitar depicted in a totally new way. The piece also impresses me in the rich texture and depth being displayed with only one color and simple geometric shapes.
In 1914, Braque parted ways with Picasso and served in the French Army for the beginning of World War I. While in battle he was severely injured and spent some time recovering. In 1916, Braque picked up painting and once again began muting the style he had been working in, except this time the style he had helped create! During this period, Braque drew from his early experience in Expressionism and Fauvism to break the rules of Cubism with brilliant colors and rich textures. He also expanded his artistic focus in this period to include many new mediums, including sculpture, printmaking, and stained glass. The piece below, Etude De Nu, fascinated me because it is a study drawing from this period that really exhibits how his background is influencing his work. While still using many of the techniques he developed in cubism to portray his subject, Braque did not fracture the image and instead represented the woman in the drawing in an impressionistic way by focusing on the realistic depiction of changing light and some element of movement in the piece instead of the harsh perspective based analysis he had pioneered. I was also extremely impressed by the way that Braque uses simple lines to give a very complete impression of the female subject by varying his line weights and adding in charcoal afterwards. Interestingly, though the overarching influence is definitely cubist, I truly felt that this piece was extremely realistic in its portrayal and carries a lot of emotional weight.
In August of 1963, Braque passed in Paris after a long, quiet, and prolific career. Braque is buried in the cemetery of the church whose stained glass he designed.
I first became aware of Francis Bacon in 2009 when I visited El Prado for the first time. There was a special exhibition of his paintings. The paintings were erie, but they drew me in at the same time. I love artworks, in general, for the emotional responses they trigger. Bacon's works were haunting and made me a little uncomfortable. I think this is why they had such a large impact on me.
Bacon was born in Dublin to his English parents in 1909. He was the second of five children his parents had. He moved to London with his family during World War I. Bacon was kicked out of his house by his strict father after his parents suspected he was gay. This would affect his paintings and relationships with male authority figures later in his life. After spending time in Germany, Bacon returned to London and started designing furniture. It was during this phase that Bacon started painting.
His early works were not considered surrealist enough to be included in the International Surrealist Exhibition in London in 1936. This sent Bacon into a down spiral causing him to destroy a large number of pieces.
He was unfit to serve in World War II and went back to painting and ended up selling a painting to the MoMA. After this success, Bacon returned to London and painted his first take on Velázquez's Portrait of Pope Innocent X which marked the start of his obsession with male authority figures in his art.
After this point his style evolved. It retained techniques that critics said were reminiscent of old masters in their richness and lines. However it was blended with surrealism.
In this painting it is easier to see how Bacon's style combined traditional techniques with surrealism.
I appreciate Bacon's sketching style because of his loose lines that translates well to his paintings.
Each style shift coincides with deaths of Bacon's close friends or family, introductions to new artists, and success or failure of his art exhibitions.
At the end of this progression Bacon had strayed from clear figures. I think that these figures depict something more human. It is more about the movement and flesh than the individual features. Bacon found a way to reduce people to their human essence while extracting their uniqueness that comes from defined traits. I think this is what was so haunting and powerful about his work.
Bacon/Moore: Flesh and Bone 12 September 2013 to 5 January 2014. Woodbridge: Antique Collectors' Club Ltd. , 2013. Print.
Having always had an interest in sculptures, I decided to look through the works of traditional and modern day sculptors. While doing so, the pieces of Auguste Rodin caught my attention, particularly, his collection called “The Gates of Hell.” Rodin had originally begun this project by request of French Minister of Public Instruction and Fine Arts, Jules Ferry. However, what had started as a project for this little-known artist, turned into a life-long, career defining masterpiece.
Born in Paris, November 12, 1840, Francois Auguste Rene Rodin was the son of a minor police official. The majority of his childhood and adolescence was spent drawing and sculpting. When he was denied entrance into the Ecole des Beaux-Arts, he worked in partnership with Beligain artist van Ras-bourgh. Over the course of his adulthood, Rodin used his talent in decorative art to support his family. During this time, Rodin continuously submitted his work in competitions for exhibition, but to no avail. A major turning point for Rodin was when he received the request to create a pair of bronze doors for a new arts museum in Paris. From this Rodin began his nearly 40 year project of “The Gates of Hell”
Rodin initially found inspiration for the double doors in Inferno, the first installment of Dante Alighieri’s The Divine Comedy. He spent an entire year trying to understand Dante through sketches and drawings. Rodin was motivated by the freedom and expressivity of the Inferno and modeled his creation in light of that. Due to this type of freedom, Rodin heavily experimented with emotional and sexual expression through his figures.
Within this collection is Rodin’s most renowned creation: The Thinker. Due to its lack of context or anecdotal cues, the message behind the sculpture is forever open-ended. This was intentionally done by Rodin; he wanted his pieces to be individually interpreted. Rodin did, however, offer some insight into his thought process when creating The Thinker:
“What makes my Thinker think is that he thinks not only with his brain, with his knitted brow, his distended nostrils, and compressed lips, but with every muscle of his arms, back and legs, with his clenched fist and gripping toes.”
Unfortunately, Rodin’s life-long creation was never cast in bronze because the museum was never erected. The Rodin Museum in Philadelphia currently possesses the first bronze cast of The Gates of Hell, received in 1925.
I chose to work on this project of Rodin’s because I am fascinated not only with the artistic skill with which it was made, but also in the historical and literary connections made within it. Auguste Rodin was simply asked to make a bronze door for a new museum, but instead, he decided to use that request as an opportunity for expression of his thoughts and human nature. The Gates of Hell, in my opinion, is a powerful piece of art that demonstrates Rodin’s exceptional artisanship.
Different. That's what I was looking for while looking through the books in Lilly Library. It was difficult to find something that didn't seem like had already been done. It seemed that I was more interested in street art - more specifically, art that's shocking - I think that's the kind of art that is remembered. I also like art which encompasses fashion. One of my favorite artists is Elmsgreen and Dragset. Their Prada Marfa building in Marfa, Texas and their Prada Marfa sign are definitely among one of my favorite pieces. However, in looking through the book I found an artist which I thought was original. It was different to me, at least.
Ein, whose real name is Ben Flynnis a street artist based in London. He is most famous for his letters which he graffitis across walls in London. He used to work for artists like Banksy, for which he used to produce the prints. Only in 2008, did he start his own solo career. His neon and black EINE stickers were very famous in London as well. As was his VANDALS collection; he started producing sweatshirts with his trademark design.
Eine was asked to spray a big anti anti anti graffiti in London across from Mother London. He then was asked to spray a Pro in october 2010 following the anti anti anti assignment for an advertising agency. This shows the marketing value and advertisement his street art could generate for brands, making it very lucrative for him to make more similar deals and "cash in" on his fame. Eine, however, considers these firms "evil" and does not plan to work for them in the future as he considers that selling out and is generally against it.
"Vandalism" - one of his most famous works in London which he graffitied in 2007. He uses spray cans to make his murals. This prompted a clothing line and became an iconic artwork in pop culture.
As a final note, another one of his bright and colorful and very typical street art works: the alphabet which was made in 2010. I found this to be quite original and interesting.
Hilaire-Germain-Edgar Degas, better known as Edgar Degas, was a French artist born in 1834. Throughout his career, he ventured into various forms of art, including drawing, printmaking, sculpture, and painting. Degas was at the forefront of the Impressionist movement, although he did not like this term and preferred to be called a realist.
Degas was born into a wealthy family and began painting at a very early age. However, his decision to become an artist was not completely embraced by his family. Degas lost his mother at the age of 13, and therefore was largely influenced by his father and grandfather, who expected him to become a lawyer. He enrolled at the University of Paris to study law, but put little effort into his coursework; he was so passionate about art that he had converted his bedroom into an artist's studio.
Degas's life changed when he met Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres. Ingres famously gave him this advice:
"Draw lines, young man, and still more lines, both from life and from memory, and you will become a good artist."
The same year that Degas met Ingres, he was accepted to the Ecole des Beaux-Arts. For practice, he copied and drew artwork from the Renaissance era, most notably from artists like Raphael, Titian, and Michelangelo. These study drawings led to the creation of what many consider to be his first masterpiece, The Bellelli Family, depicted below.
In the 1860's, Degas committed to his life as an artist, abandoning any academic endeavors he previously pursued. The artist Edouard Manet introduced him to Impressionism, which, in addition to his new commitment to Parisian life as inspiration, contributed to a change in Degas's artistic style and subject matter. Degas became captivated by ballet, which is reflected in much of his work. While Degas previously favored painting historical scenes, he now began to create art that was inspired by modern life and figures. A large portion of Degas's paintings are of beautiful ballet students with large tutus, often depicted in their dance studios.
As you can see by the dates on these paintings, Degas used ballerinas as his subject matter for many, many years. He painted soft edges and used soft pastel colors to create paintings that are, in my opinion, some of the most aesthetically pleasing I have ever seen. The reason I chose to write about Degas is because I saw his painting, Dancers Climbing the Stairs, a few years ago, and I haven't been able to forget it. I loved Degas's use of a dominating- but not too bold- orange background. This truly highlights the soft blue dresses that the dancers are wearing. After all, orange and blue are complementary colors. The essence of his painting style seems to fit the grace and movement of the ballerinas. If we look at his paintings, it almost seems like a snapshot, or a peek into a ballet studio in Paris; the positions of each ballerina seem so natural and real.
Degas continued to create works of art into the early 1900's, but suffered from poor vision and eventually became blind. He never married or had children.
Giuseppe Arcimboldo was an Italian painter in the 16th century who was well-known for painting portrait heads made completely of objects, creating an optical illusion. Arcimboldo has made portraits of vegetables, animals, books, and kitchen objects. His portraits have inspired a wealth of art.
These portraits have been viewed with different interpretations. One interpretation is that the portraits are an amusing work of fantasy, focusing on the curious double image shown of the individual objects and the image as a whole. Another interpretation holds that they are allegorical and related to the Hapsburg Empire and 16th century science, with the objects acting as complicated symbols, interacting with texts and statements from that time. A third interpretation is that the portraits represent metaphysical statements as a new vision of man.
Many of Arcimboldo’s portraits were painted with oil, but drawings are also documented, especially from his costume design.
The fauna and flora used in Arcimbolo’s portraits were based off of exceptionally accurate studies, and all the objects in his portraits were carefully chosen.
Not only did Arcimboldo paint famous oil portraits, he was commissioned to do stained glass windows in cathedrals, painted portraits for the Habsburg court, and worked as a court decorator and costume designer.
Arcimboldo worked in a variety of media, and showed different styles within his different commissions, from lifelike oil portraits to fantastical costume design to thought-provoking portraits made of objects. His approach to art was very methodical and thoughtful, but at the same time creative, going beyond the norms of his time to create a completely different style.
Better known nowadays simply as Bernini, his sculptures and architecture defined what it meant to be a Baroque artist. As leader of the style, he secured commissions with the papacy including patronage of Urban VIII, Innocent X, Alexander VII, and even King Louis XIV of France. His most notable rival was Alessandro Algardi, but Bernini was considered the master of his day.
Influenced by his father, a Florentine sculptor, Bernini began his career in Rome and caught the eye of Annibale Carracci. He established himself at age 22 by gaining the patronage of Pope Paul V and later Cardinal Scipione Borghese, under whom he completed his first influential group of sculptures from 1619-1624. This particular group of sculptures tell dynamic stories of transitional moments in famous narratives. They reflect psychological energy and realism in physical detail.
The Rape of Proserpina (1621) is one of Bernini's earlier works and breaks from Mannerist tradition in its single viewpoint. Sculptures from the previous period required onlookers to walk around the statue in order to absorb the entirety of the story. Most critics praise the twisting serpentine body of Proserpina as she tries to escape from Pluto and the texture of the skin evoked in the marble, as shown by Pluto's hands digging into Proserpina's thigh.
Apollo and Daphne (1622) captures a moment of transition as Apollo attempts to seize Daphne as she is turning into a tree. Bernini again sculpted the work for it to be viewed from a single viewpoint, the side, in order for the observer to appreciate the narrative by simultaneously viewing both subjects facial expressions. There is some controversy about attributing the sculpture only to Bernini since a member of Bernini's workshop helped complete the details of the statue, including the leaves, bark, and hair of Daphne.
Bernini's David (1623) is a break from classical depictions of the biblical story. The Baroque David is in combat, twisted, and contains a sense of potential energy. Renaissances Davids usually depicted him in a moment of calm triumph after defeating Goliath.
In 1623 he began his work under the patronage of Urban VIII and created some of his most notable architectural pieces. He was appointed chief architect of St. Peter's in 1629. He began with baldachin, an enormous gilded structure recognizable for it's twisted columns, a break with the classic christian columns of the day. Bernini was deeply religious and involved in the Counter Reformation. He commonly used light as a metaphor for the focus of religious worship by incorporating hidden light sources into his works.
Although he completed many significant busts of powerful men during his time, no single work was linked to as personal or dramatic of a backstory as that of Constanza Bonarelli. She was the wife of one of Bernini's assistants but carried on an affair first with the artist himself, and then his brother. Upon learning of the secondary affair, Bernini beat his brother, ordered Constanza's face slashed with a razor, and eventually paid his way out of trouble.
1641 marked the beginning of a fall from grace for Bernini. His work on the facade of the Basilica cracked after a few years and eventually had to be removed. Critics blamed this on Bernini's poor engineering and planning rather than flaws within the stone itself. He also controversially won commission for the Four Rivers Fountain, his largest public work to date. The fountain was built during a famine and funded with public monies.
The greatest work completed in Bernini's later career is perhaps The Ecstasy of St. Teresa, housed in Cornaro Chapel. The work depicts, in marble, the moment were Teresa received a vision as she was pierced in the heart by a cherub and filled with divine love. The work also incorporates painting and a hidden light source to elevate the onlookers religious experience.
Bernini wasn't strictly a sculptor, but his painting did take a side line to his other notable works. Depicted below are two self portraits, one of him as a young man (1623) and the other a mature man (1635).
Gian Lorenzo Bernini dominated the art world of the seventeenth century, thriving under the patronage of cardinals and popes while simultaneously challenging contemporary artistic traditions. His sculptural and architectural projects revealed new reinterpretations of subjects, different use of forms, and combined a variety of media. He was instrumental in establishing a dramatic yet realistic Baroque style.
Bernini is by far one of my most admired artists. He was a rockstar of his time and wildly successful. His treatment of the human form has inspired many a photo shoot with the publication I work with at Duke in one way or another. When I think of classic art, Bernini's work comes to mind before that of Michelangelo or even DaVinci. His stand alone sculptures completed under the patronage of Cardinal Borghese are my favorite works.
Edward Hopper is considered to be one of America’s most influential mid-century painters because his art creates a unique vision of American modern life. His work ranges from oil paintings to watercolor and printmaking of rural and city landscapes and people. Born in upper New York in 1882, Hopper grew up wanting to be an artist, where he studied at the New York School of Art and Design and cited Eduoard Manet and Edgar Degas as his main influences. During the early 1900s when Hopper finished art school, like many artists in their early years, he struggled to make a living. However, he slowly broke through around the 1920s as more of his works received public recognition.
For example, this sketch above titled “Night on the El Train” (1918) is one of Hopper’s early works whose themes (couples in silence and solitude) are a precursor to those themes used in his later works.
This sketch above called “Evening Wind” (1921) is an example of one of Hopper’s early works of a nude model looking out of a window. He would have many paintings later on that explore the human figure and the theme of looking out of a window towards the horizon.
I first discovered Hopper when I was 12 years old, flipping through a book on famous American painters. The painting that caught my eye was not one of his most famous paintings, but it was interesting enough where it made me want to research his style more in depth.
One of the aspects that I was fascinated about this painting above was the perspective and use of vibrant colors. There was also something about the use of space. This intersection feels incredibly large and is the opposite of the busy intersection you find today in New York for example. The second aspect I particularly liked was the whole mood of the painting. There is this emptiness and feeling of solitude, which is present in many of Hopper’s paintings. One of the ways he captures this is the sharp contrast in light and dark colors. The trees in the background are almost black compared to the bright, pastel colored buildings and gas station sign. The title of this painting is “Portrait of Orleans” (1950) and was painted in Orleans in Cape Cod, Massachusetts.
This leads me to this painting, called “Gas” (1940). This is one of the more iconic Hopper paintings, which is encompasses the themes of loneliness, isolation and the borderline situation of American modernism and nature. The narrative expresses that the last car passed some time ago and the attendant is shutting down the pump for some amount of time. I view this painting as expressing the contrast between civilization and nature where this gas station seems to sit on the border between these two things, and the lonely country road is the only thing that connects these almost two separate realities. The use of light and dark is very present in this painting. The light in the gas station is almost fluorescent and sort of hurts your eyes, while the road leads into this black darkness separating the gas station, a piece of human industrialization, from nature. Besides all of this commentary I have just written, I think it’s a pretty sweet painting.
I can’t even begin to express how much I love this painting. I have a poster of it hanging up in my dorm, a poster of it hanging up in my room back home, and I’ve seen it in the Chicago Institute of Art multiple times. There are probably a thousand ways on how this painting can be interpreted because the themes are kind of ambiguous, but it is definitely the kind of painting that can be appreciated from a purely aesthetic and technical point of view. Oh yeah, it’s called “Nighthawks” and was completed in 1942.
This is a study drawing of “Nighthawks.” (Notice the use of contrast between the light of the inside of the building and the darkness of the outside)
There are dozens of other paintings by Edward Hopper that I appreciate, but the ones above indisputably my favorite. In summary, the reason why I am really interested in Hopper and appreciate his works is because of his finely calculated renderings of space, perspective and light and dark contrast.
We ontmoetten ook enkele Mongoolse nomaden die hun grote kuddes van paarden, koeien en schapen aan het verplaatsen waren naar het winter kamp. Na de zomer breken ze hun gers (traditionele Mongoolse tenten) op en verhuizen alle dieren naar een andere plaats waar ze de lange koude winter kunnen doorbrengen.
'Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone; it has to be made, like bread, remade all the time, made new.'
PACOIMA — “Home for the Holidays,” a brand new holiday show featuring favorite songs of the season and a fond look back at Japanese American family gatherings, will take place on Saturday, Dec. 15, at 2 p.m. at the San Fernando Valley Japanese American Community Center.
Presented by the Grateful Crane Ensemble, this year’s show takes place in the living room of Uncle Jack, an elderly Nisei who is invited to Christmas dinner by his favorite niece, but turns it down, saying he is too old and it is too cold to go out. Rather than letting him be all alone at Christmas, the niece decides to gather up her cousins and bring Christmas dinner to him.
“This is Christmas dinner, the way it used to be,” said Soji Kashiwagi, Grateful Crane executive producer/writer. “During this show, various family members will share their favorite Christmas memories dating back to their childhoods in the ’50s and ’60s. And in between the stories, some of the most famous and favorite Christmas songs will be sung.”
Also featured will be a reading of the famous poem “The Night Before Christmas,” songs for kids to sing along to, a guest appearance by Santa, and holiday cheer in abundance, just in time for Christmas.
Performers in this show include long-time Grateful Crane regulars Keiko Kawashima, Kurt Kuniyoshi, Darrell Kunitomi, Haruye Ioka, Jason Fong, Helen H. Ota and Michael C. Palma. Erika Mariko Olsen, 2011 Nisei Week Queen and Grateful Crane youth singer, will also be featured on a couple of Christmas classics. Grateful Crane musical director Scott Nagatani will accompany the group on piano.
The San Fernando Valley Japanese American Community Center is located at 12953 Branford St. in Pacoima. Tickets are $25 general admission and $15 for children under 12. Kids 5 and under are free. To make a reservation, call Nancy or Patty Takayama at (818) 899-7916.
The Rafu Shimpo has been the nation's leading Japanese American newspaper since its original publication. We are proud to have served the Japanese American community from our Little Tokyo office in Downtown Los Angeles since 1903.
Are you looking for a topic for a psychology paper, experiment, or science fair project? Developmental psychology is a fascinating area and one of the most popular topics within psychology. It can also be a very broad subject that can include anything from prenatal development to health during the final stages of life.
The following are just a few different topics that might help inspire you. Remember, these are just ideas to help you get started.
You might opt to explore one of these areas, or you might think of a related question that interests you as well.
How do parenting styles impact a child's level of physical activity? Are children raised by parents with permissive or uninvolved parents less active than those raised by parents with authoritative or authoritarian styles?
How does bullying impact student achievement? Are bullied students more likely to have worse grades than their non-bullied peers?
Could packaging nutritious foods in visually appealing ways encourage children to make healthier food choices?
Which type of reinforcement works best for getting students to complete their homework: a tangible reward (such as a piece of candy) or social reinforcement (such as offering praise when homework is completed on time)?
Does birth order have an impact on procrastination? Are first-borns less likely to procrastinate? Are last-borns more likely to put off tasks until the last minute?
Are older adults who rate high in self-efficacy more likely to have better memory than those with low self-efficacy?
How do explanations for the behavior of others change as we age? Are younger adults more likely to blame internal factors for events and older adults more likely to blame external variables?
Do mental games such as word searches, Sudoku, and word matching help elderly adults keep their cognitive skills sharp?
Do the limits of short-term memory change as we age? How do the limits of short-term memory compare at ages, 15, 25, 45, and 65?
Before you start working on any paper, experiment, or science project, the first thing you need to do is understand the rules your instructor has established for the assignment. Be sure to check the official guidelines given by your teacher. If you are not sure about these guidelines, ask your instructor if there are any specific requirements before you get started on your research.
If you are going to actually perform an experiment, you need to present your idea to your instructor in order to gain his or her permission before going forward. In some cases, you might have to also present your plan to your school's Institutional Review Board.
After you have gotten to move forward with your chosen topic, the next step is to do some background research. This step is essential! If you are writing a paper, the information you find will make up your literature review.
If you are performing an experiment, it will provide background information for the introduction of your lab report. For a psychology science project, this research will help you in your presentation and can help you decide how to best approach your own experiment.
For more information on completing your paper or project, be sure to check out the links and resources below:
Are you searching for a great topic for your psychology paper? Sometimes it seems like coming up with a good idea for a paper is more challenging than the actual research and writing. Fortunately, there are plenty of great places to find inspiration and the following list contains just a few ideas to help get you started.
Finding a solid topic is one of the most important steps when writing any type of paper. It can be particularly important when you are writing a psychology research paper or essay. Psychology is such a broad topic, so you want to find a topic that allows you to adequately cover the subject without becoming overwhelmed with information.
As you begin your search for a topic for your psychology paper, it is first important to consider the guidelines established by your instructor. In some cases, such as in a general psychology class, you might have had the option to select any topic from within psychology's broad reaches. Other instances, such as in an abnormal psychology course, might require you to write your paper on a specific subject such as a psychological disorder.
The key to selecting a good topic for your psychology paper is to select something that is narrow enough to allow you to really focus on the subject, but not so narrow that it is difficult to find sources or information to write about.
One approach is to narrow your focus down to a subject within a specific branch of psychology. For example, you might start by deciding that you want to write a paper on some sort of social psychology topic. Next, you might narrow your focus down to how persuasion can be used to influence behavior.
Exploring a psychological disorder or a specific treatment modality can also be a good topic for a psychology paper. Some potential abnormal psychology topics include specific psychological disorders or particular treatment modalities, including:
Some of the possible topics you might explore in this area include thinking, language, intelligence, and decision-making. Other ideas might include:
In this area, you might opt to focus on issues pertinent to early childhood such as language development, social learning, or childhood attachment or you might instead opt to concentrate on issues that affect older adults such as dementia or Alzheimer's disease.
One option is to consider writing a psychology critique paper of a published psychology book or academic journal article. For example, you might write a critical analysis of Sigmund Freud's Interpretation of Dreams or you might evaluate a more recent book such as Philip Zimbardo's The Lucifer Effect: Understanding How Good People Turn Evil.
Professional and academic journals are also a great place to find materials for a critique paper. Browse through the collection at your university library to find titles devoted to the subject that you are most interested in, then look through recent articles until you find what that grabs your attention.
There have been many fascinating and groundbreaking experiments throughout the history of psychology, providing ample material for students looking for an interesting term paper topic. In your paper, you might choose to summarize the experiment, analyze the ethics of the research, or evaluate the implications of the study. Possible experiments that you might consider include:
One of the simplest ways to find a great topic is to choose an interesting person in the history of psychology and write a paper about them. Your paper might focus on many different elements of the individual's life, such as their biography, professional history, theories, or influence on psychology.
While this type of paper may be historical in nature, there is no need for this assignment to be dry or boring. Psychology is full of fascinating figures rife with intriguing stories and anecdotes. Consider such famous individuals as Sigmund Freud, B.F. Skinner, Harry Harlow, or one of the many other eminent psychologists.
​Another possible topic, depending on the course in which you are enrolled, is to write about specific career paths within the field of psychology. This type of paper is especially appropriate if you are exploring different subtopics or considering which area interests you the most. In your paper, you might opt to explore the typical duties of a psychologist, how much people working in these fields typically earn, and different employment options that are available.
One potentially interesting idea is to write a psychology case study of a particular individual or group of people. In this type of paper, you will provide an in depth analysis of your subject, including a thorough biography. Generally, you will also assess the person, often using a major psychological theory such as Piaget's stages of cognitive development or Erikson's eight-stage theory of human development. It is also important to note that your paper doesn't necessarily have to be about someone you know personally. In fact, many professors encourage students to write case studies on historical figures or fictional characters from books, television programs, or films.
Slack is taking over - ColorFuzion Connecticut Web Site Design Agency offering E-commerce, web application development and mobile applications
Update: At press time, Slack announced a new feature called Slack Calls, which is available on both the desktop app and within Chrome.
I’ve been predicting this one for a while, mostly in the context of business collaboration and an email replacement. Slack announced at a customer conference recently that they plan to add voice calls and video chat to the popular service.
Why is that a big deal? Let’s start with some data. About 2M people use Slack everyday in their jobs, sending private messages to each other, chatting in groups, posting photos that are saved in an archive in perpetuity. They ramped up quickly to a $1B valuation and 8,000 customers. There is a lot of buzz that Slack could go “mainstream” in the sense that it becomes more than just an email replacement for business and literally changes how people communicate at work.
And then there’s the possibility of widespread consumer adoption. Think about how you communicate with colleagues today and then how you communicate with friends and family. They are very different. Many of us use Facebook for chat, but that’s mostly for private exchanges. (The chats are not searchable or in a hub.) You might send an email or text, but few of us use Slack to talk to our spouse and kids.
The new Slack features could change that, because it moves Slack from simple text-based collaboration to real-time communication in any form–text, voice, or video. The old way–using Skype or Facebook–are not stored in a central hub where you can easily go back and see that your boss didn’t just chat with the team, he also called Mary in accounting and held a video conference. The “hub” is the big selling point because it exposes (to use a slightly negative word) the communication.
I’ve heard of many companies who have almost ditched email entirely because of Slack. Now, it might make sense to ditch Skype, your phone network, and several other apps. The hub is getting bigger and more useful.
What’s left? Slack hasn’t made a move into cloud storage, but I’m expecting that, too. It would be a bit backwards, since companies like Dropbox have added some collaboration tools to the core storage offering in recent months. How about presentations? Word processing? Whiteboards? All-hands meetings? The sky’s the limit, once you get hooked on the text chat and image sharing.
The good news for startups is that it means a lot less hassle in terms of managing a bunch of apps and a network infrastructure. Skype is a bit of a pain for some small businesses, especially since that tool started as a consumer video chat product and now dabbles in business conferencing. It’s another app to install and manage. There may be no reason to use it anymore, if Slack has their way.
Watch The Last Ship Season 2 Episode 3 Online. Best and Free Online streaming for The Last Ship TV Show. We picked the best sites to stream s02e03. Simply pick a site below and click "Watch Now!" button next to it. Some of the links may be broken, please upvote the working and good links so other users see those links for The Last Ship Season 2 Episode 3 s02e03 at the top of the list.
the cells design .. reasons to believe .. Genomics 101 .. Dr Hugh Ross .. oops !! and then there was man .. Darwins Dilemma .. Metamorphosis
For Every Cause (Because) There is an Effect ... Therefore, the Universe Exists as an Effect .... What is its Cause ?
LIFE .. what is it made up of .... matter alone ? .... or is there an non-material element needed inorder for life to exist ? .... what would that element be ?
I have not yet found an atheist willing to debate the scientific fact that all life is derived from an intelligent source
each of the 50 to 150 trillian cells in an average human body containing a stran of DNA up to 4 billion characters long
CODE IS DEFINED .. as communication between an encoder .. XXXXX .. refute this if you like .. or to make this simple .. just say yes .. I agree
I have yet to discover an atheist willing to debate the scientific fact that all life derives from an intelligent source
Out of all man's intelligence / ingenuity / inventionism from ages past to ages present and future ... has man EVER been able to invent a machine so complex that that machine has the ability to repair and duplicate itself .... YET . EVERY living cell on our planet has that ability ..... to WHOM do you attribute this intelligence to ?? ....
Kayak fishing has evolved over the past ten years into a mainstream kind of fishing. The best gap between fishing kayaks and other kayaks is usually in how that they’re rigged with an intricate variety of fishing kayaks attached to a rather compact place. The simplicity by which these accessories can be inserted into a normal kayak shortly caused the evolution of another field of kayak models made especially for the angler. Yet in spite of all these popular developments, there’s another manner of kayak that’s growing increasingly more popular amongst avid kayak anglers. Visit Robert Soto’s Watersports!
The kayak was often considered as a toy instead of other kayaks, but the inflatable kayaks of now aren’t anything like their ancient counterparts. Previous inflatable versions were occasionally as light and flimsy as an ordinary swimming pool raft. The contemporary inflatable kayaks have been shown to be quite secure and are accessible from quality producers. They’re proven to be rather durable and puncture proof. So while there are both pros and cons with inflatables, as there are some other types of the kayak, the disadvantages appear to be an acceptable tradeoff in return for the benefits which can be found in no other kind of fishing kayak.
First looks at the cons. Inflatable kayaks are somewhat more challenging to paddle and move, and generally speaking, lack the rate of a kayak. This could make a large difference if buying a kayak for touring, however in kayak fishing, speed isn’t really that big of a deal. Kayak anglers spend the majority of their time sitting in 1 place or maybe drifting while casting and retrieving, instead of paddling along at full rate. Another consideration is the fact that it might be more challenging to bring the several accessories many people like, which can be broadly called”rigging”. On kayaks that are rigid, it’s relatively simple to drill a mounting hole to the deck of the kayak and also include just about anything someone might need.
A brief list of common accessories will likely consist of such items as rod holders, tackle box mountings and pockets, bait containers, and a vast array of electronics like fish finders, GPS, mobile phone holders, marine radios, air compressors such as bait tanks and operating lights. Evidently, it’s not advised to drill holes in a inflatable kayak! But several enterprising DIY riggers have discovered a few plastic”D-rings” plus some duct tape will produce a handy set of attachment and mounting points onto an inflatable kayak. Among the most recent and best discoveries among self-rigging fans is that a heavy duty plastic cutting board, generally for kitchen counter tops usage, may be bungee corded into an inflatable kayak that makes an superb hard surface for mounting the standard electronics.
So what’s it that’s causing this kind of uprising at the prevalence of inflatable kayaks? The number one reason is portability. An inflatable fishing kayak may be folded to a carrying package and easily backpacked to remote fishing places that no other ship can be obtained too. Many inflatables can be bought using a carrying package which may be utilized as a backpack, or as a shoulder bag and take them to distant fishing spots is not any longer trouble than carrying along an extra tackle box. Most anglers have a well-kept collection of these secret and distant fishing areas that could only be attained by a very long hike. Carrying any sort of watercraft by hand to all those websites has just never been an alternative.
After years of just being able to walk around the borders and also do some shore fishing, then these sites have become open to getting out to the water in which the large ones are. The small hassle of having to inflate your watercraft prior to getting started is readily compensated for by being the only person there with a fishing kayak. The ordinary person can easily choose an inflatable kayak to areas where they wouldn’t even think about carrying out a rigid kayak or kayak.
To secure the bargain on the increasing popularity of this inflatable kayak, there’s a very long list of further pros. Their lightweight not merely makes carrying them together on a lift a definite plus but also produces a wonderful difference in receiving the kayak from your car or truck and into the shore even if you’re in a position to drive directly up into the start. Normally, an inflatable kayak may consider half that of an identically sized kayak. Many tandem inflatables kayak weight less than just rigid kayaks. There’s not any requirement to get a trailer or roof stand because they readily will fit in the back of a compact car, or in the rear seat. This capability to fit into a little space adds another large advantage, storage of your kayak at the offseason. While keeping your rigid kayak at winter usually means having adequate garage area, a storage building, or an external rack or cradle of some sort, a deflated kayak will usually require no additional storage space compared to of a cooler. In the end, there’s the cost consideration. Inflatable kayaks are usually about half of the price of a comparable sized inflexible version. The further savings of not needing to also buy a roof rack or trailer has affected several cyclists to become kayak anglers once the cost is their principal concern.
Having a long list of experts, that simplifies the couple disadvantages, it’s not hard to see why the kayak is rapidly becoming the upcoming big factor in kayak fishing. https://www.rswcayman.com/places
We begged phone chat companies to give our visitor access to exclusive free trials and more free minutes.All you have to do is call any of the party lines using the phone number listed below and you will automatically be offered more free trial minutes.You will be given between 5 to 60 minutes ON EACH LINE.That means you will be able to chat for hours for free!Call the best party lines and make new friends, have and interesting conversation and even find a hot date. Try calling these party lines at night when there are most callers on the line.We know you love free stuff, so we’ve compiled the web’s largest list of party line free trials.
To claim your trial offer chat line numbers, all you need to do is CALL.The service is available 24/7, but for best results call Livelinks after PM, and preferably at night when the most users are on.Tip: The free trial is great, but to really hook up you need to use the paid account (to bypass all the other men messaging the women).Night Exchange is where adults come to share their most intimate desires and have fantasy chat.
So what are some of the biggest cultural differences you should expect to encounter? So a woman who doesn’t abide by this rule is often seen a a woman who has no respect for herself by an Arab man’s standards. … continue reading »
Sandalphon was founded on the belief that great stories not only entertain but also empower and inspire positive change.… continue reading »
I also enjoy movies and various genres of music, would love to hear some of the live music that Austin is known for. looking for a guy to please and want him to fuck....i love to make out and have nipples played with.. willing granny andover hampshire19 yr old man nsa fun look no strings Friends first...… continue reading »
Life keeps getting better with your site and I would like to thank you for it. Simon This is how perfect dating site should look like. I didn’t comprehend that so many Russian women were lonely and wanted to have my attention...… continue reading »
Do not forget to follow the next image gallery, which also contains the High Gloss Din Glossy Dining Table Simple Oak Dining Table photo showed above. If you have any thoughts, questions or just want to say hello to other people, please do not hestitate to submit your opinion/ideas via the following comment form.
We can ship the Electro-mech C-898 out today for orders placed before noon Pacific time. Utmost care is taken with every part we ship. Whether new, refurbished, pre-owned, or used, each part is inspected, cleaned, and thoroughly tested where possible. All products include our 30 day DOA replacement warranty.
CardiffontheNet.com provides accommodation links to hotels and B&B's and a city guide providing a list of
city centre restaurants, bars, clubs, attractions, events, local taxis and shopping complexes. Also book a
Copyright 2012 © CardiffOnTheNet.com I terms & conditions I cancellation policy I about us I contact us I Links
Body Resonance , based on Butoh Dance and Organic Movement Place : at Eden Studios, Breite Strasse 43, Pankow, Berlin Time : Dec. 13 - 16, from 12:30 pm to 6 pm Contact : yumiko-mizelle@gmx.de ( Yumiko Yoshioka) Other updated Information 2012 November 3 - 4 Workshop in Merano (Italy) contact : Martina Marini <martinamarini66@yahoo.it> November 6- 11 Workshop and Solo Performance "Before the Dawn" in Barcelona Butoh Festival Ken Mai is also invited to the festival contact : Rosana <cuerpotransitorio@hotmail.com> The main focus of this workshop is a conscious research of our body/mind/soul unification, so we can deeply enjoy the intrinsic process of metamorphosis through the spirit of dance. Through a continuous exploration of our past collective memories, we can strike a vein of abundant creative resources, enriching the essence of our life. The body is a receptacle of time. Body resonance is a key to open up the doors of ever-changing world inside and outside of us, which helps the body to unfold its secrets, holding them up until they shine and tremble. Everything is in resonance with each other. Through a dialogue with our body, we can learn to be moved by inner and outer forces, thus realizing we are a part of the Universe. A dance of metamorphosis inevitably appears. 2013 March 6/7 Workshop in Bangkok, March workshop in Koh Samui (Thailand) May 3- 5 Workshop in Paris and Spain May /June Workshop and Performance in 4 cities in Mexico August 8 - 17 Summer Intensive Workshop at Schloss Broellin in Germany November workshop project in Cuzco (Peru) -- Yumiko Yoshioka (TEN PEN CHii art labor) c/o Schloss Broellin, D- 17309 Fahrenwalde, Germany cellure phone +49-175-780-9991 (only in Europe) http://www.ne.jp/asahi/butoh/itto/yumiko 12 de Noviembre de 2012
Dear Friends, Our season has officially started! We had an amazing launch party for conectom and worked out our first-timer nerves with the AcTS and workshop of Maximilian Balduzzi, one of our Black Studio Residents. He was a great sport! (It isn't easy to be the first!) Now this week we prepare to welcome LEIMAY's guest teacher and long time friend Moeno Wakamatsu. A few weeks ago we held auditions for LEIMAY to build our company for the big BAM project we have underway. Wow! Big thank yous to all the dancers and performers who participated the auditions! What a joy to know that so many great people want to be part of our work! This fills our spirit tremendously and gives us so much power to continue making work. We will be announcing our new team for this project in an upcoming newsletter along with our new Black Studio Residents and CAVE Lodgers. Also big thanks to BAM's fellows Leslie Roybal and Rujeko Dumbutshena for their support during this process. Please scroll down for more this week, this season and highlights from our summer trip to Europe! • Registration is still open for LUDUS workshops and classes: -This week: Moeno Wakamatsu butoh workshop. -Coming up: Kota Yamazaki and Tadashi Endo butoh workshops. • Ludus Technique (Piercing Butoh) drop in classes with Ximena Garnica every Wednesday night. • Check out our spiffy new super user friendly booking system. Discount code "widgethappy" gets you 10% off White Studio rental! Offer expires on October 25th. We hope to see you at CAVE! Best, Ximena, Shige and Theresa
This Friday! October 19, 7:30pmButoh Workshop with Moeno WakamatsuOctober 20 & 21This two- day LEIMAY guest-teacher session will focus on: Physical training for awareness, strength, flexibility, body mechanism, sensitivity, concentration. Embodying difference of . ..Click here to read more...
This season's At Home Series offers an exciting way to be an active spectator by presenting the practice-work of Moeno Wakamatsu. This AcTS is part performance, part demonstration, part lecture, and part hands on exploration into the principles surrounding the processes of LEIMAY and its guest teachers. You can choose to participate as an observer audience or physically by joining the exercises and explorations.
conectom beta is now live!! conectom is an artist/audience network and online publication. It was created to map the intersections between dance, the ever expanding field of time-base arts, its creators, and its enthusiasts. Join now and you will have access to: a portfolio showcase and artist directory, a forum and audience soapbox to share your ideas, a calendar of interesting events, AcTS online , and online arts magazine. Click here to joinconectom and read the latest articles...
We returned from Europe little more than a month ago!!! We had a great time and we worked A LOT! We were included in Robert Wilson's new pieceFranz Liszt Via Crucis presented in Germany as part of the Kunsfest Weimar. LEIMAY had an installation piece as well as Shige's video work as part of the main stage. It was a very valuable experience for us and we came back inspired, refreshed and ready to hit the ground running! We like to share photos from our time in Europe- in case you are curious.
101st Year Anniversary Message | Calvary Apostolic Church - Bishop James Stark, Sunday, 04 November 2018, Video length: 39:08
The views expressed in any video or live stream presented on our website may not necessarily be the views of the CWM owners and staff.
The journal aims to provide theoretically and empirically informed analysis on social, economical and technical issues related with urban development and management.
Embracing a multidisciplinary approach to the field, TERUM publishes papers on a wide range of topics related to urban management:
The journal is addressed to diverse communities, including, but not limited to, academics, urban designers, architects, economists, geographers, political scientists, sociologists, undergraduate and postgraduate students, anyone with a serious interest in the urban management.
Theoretical and Empirical Researches in Urban Management | Volum 6 | Număr 4 | Publicat la 01/11/2011
Glass Images Glassmakers and Companies Caithness Glass Co Ltd CG Designers/Makers - Ware and Weights Gordon Hendry Inspirations - Peace
Early Scottish Glass (9) Glassmakers and Companies (675) Caithness Glass Co Ltd (1) CG Designers/Makers - Ware and Weights (3429) Domhnall Ó Broin (9) Colin Terris (895) CG Design Studio (85) Oban Studios (6) Alan Scrimgeour (1) Alastair MacIntosh (348) Alastair Ross (2) Allan Scott (133) Andrew Lawson (2) Andrew Webster (1) Ann Robertson (2) Charles Orr (1) Christine Beaton (2) David Green (1) David Gulland 1970-77 (2) David Hodge (3) Denis Mann (24) Douglas Cowie (3) Franco Toffolo (12) Gordon Hendry (240) Helen MacDonald (602) Innes Burns (7) Irene Farquhar (17) Jack Allan (8) James MacBeath (2) Jason Green (1) Jeneo Lewis (CG) (12) Jennie Robertson (3) Jimmy Manson (40) John Ross (17) John Spittal (1) John Taylor (1) Linda Campbell (25) Lucia Polanski (55) Margot Thomson (150) Melanie Stuart (2) Neil Allan (1) Paul Ysart (2) Peter Holmes (48) Philip Chaplain (84) Ray Gannon (2) Rosette Fleming (37) Sarah Cable (10) Sarah Peterson (93) Shona Spittal (29) Simon Langdon (1) Stuart Cumming (18) William Manson (106) Willie Bain (41) Unknown designer (242) Stained Glass (11) Scottish Theme (16) Badge Weight study (14)
Copying with consent is free except for website or book use which will be charged individually, or not, dependant on the owner of the rights. Under no circumstances can text and images be re-packaged for commercial use.
Forum Jump » Home » 10 most recent Posts » 10 most recent Topics Scottish Law Online Forums - Scottish Law Online - Announcements - About this Board - Feedback, Complaints and Suggestions In Practice - Lawyers - Support Staff - Business Chat Legal Education - Trainees - Students - Academics Help - Legal Advice and Questions - Legal Questions Archive - General Help Jobs and Careers - Legal Jobs - Other Jobs The Law - Legal Reform - General Law The Web - Legal Web - General Web - What's Missing? Stuff for Sale - Legal Books - Other Stuff For Sale Other Topics - Current Affairs - Commuter Grief - Music, Films , TV and Books - Sport - Romance (or lack of) - The Weather - Anything Else
Scottish Mountain Rescue and our member teams could not continue without the generosity of our supporters through their donations, fundraising and legacies, in a real and practical way this support saves lives.
If you would like to leave a gift in your will to Scottish Mountain Rescue, we recommend that you consult a solicitor who can advise on wording to ensure that your wishes are carried out exactly as you want them to be.
Charity Number: SC045003 and address: Scottish Mountain Rescue, Glenmore Lodge, Glenmore, Aviemore, PH22 1QZ.
We understand that making a will is personal but if you have already included Scottish Mountain Rescue in your will or intend to in the future we would love to hear from you. Please contact us on the details above. Not only will this help us to make plans for the future of Scottish Mountain Rescue, it means that we can thank you for your support, and share with you the impact that support will make.
Scottish Mountain Rescue, formerly known as The Mountain Rescue Committee of Scotland, is a registered Scottish Charity – number SC045003
Eftersom ingen verkar vilja spela så kontaktar jag Dice och meddelar att vi inte behöver våra bord idag (eftersom vi har en stående bordsbokning).
vB code is a set of tags based on the HTML language that you may already be familiar with. They allow you to add formatting to your messages in the same way as HTML does, but have a simpler syntax and will never break the layout of the pages you are viewing. The ability to use vB Code is set on a forum-by-forum basis by the administrator, so you should check the forum rules when you post a new message.
[url] www.vbulletin.com [/url] - don't put spaces between the bracketed code and the text you are applying the code to.
Use these tags to embed Google Videos safely. To link a video, copy the docID of the video you want to embed between the tags. Do not copy the entire video URL. To get the docID, copy everything after docID= in the video URL. If there is a dash in the docID (sometimes there is, sometimes there isn't), make sure you copy it as well.
Use this tag to hide text. A button will be displayed that will allow users to toggle the hidden text on and off. Works well for hiding movie spoilers from people who don't want to have the movie ruined, though it would also hide anything put between the tags (images, other types of VBCode, etc).
Use these tags to embed YouTube videos safely. To link a video, copy the ID of the video you want to embed between the tags. Do not copy the entire video URL.
© Copyright 2018 dadsfuckdaughters.net | Webmaster: Trade traffic | Buy and sell traffic: Traffic Shop
Several months after the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark,
Ah, Fathers Day. The one day of the year, Dads can be celebrated…not anymore it seems. OK, I have been
I’m told I’m a funny guy. Growing up as a fat and not very good-looking kid, making people laugh was
Wonder woman is the 4th in the DCEU (DC Extended Universe) after Man of steel, BvS and Suicide Squad and
The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. Nearly a hundred dating nepali man buried in a cave in southeast Utah offer grisly evidence that ancient Dating keys waged war on each other as much as 2,000 years ago. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it.
Frustrated with FedEx174; service. Seem to be banging your head against a desk when talking to Customer Service. Join over 4,521 people in a public venting. Korean Air Lines Flight 007 (also known as KAL007 and KE007) was a hook up rotary phone Korean Air Lines flight from New York City to Seoul via Anchorage, Alaska. Auf der Hostessen-Meile. com findest du die hook up rotary phone Escorts, Huren sowie Call Girls.
Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift Get information, facts, and pictures dating coach belgie India at Encyclopedia. com. Make research projects and school reports about India easy with hhook articles from our FREE. Free single mothers papers, essays, and research papers. Aug 31, 2014nbsp;0183;32;We've compiled a list of the best apps for guitar tabs and chords for iPhone and iPad.
Check hook up rotary phone out and tell us what you think. Nov 02, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Simply sign up for FREE at this Thai dating site: http:tinyurl. comstartmeetingthaiwomen Thailovelinks dating for a (young) thai … Plenty of people around hook up rotary phone world use dating apps to search for a soul mate.
Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Nalanda (IAST: Nālandā; naːlən̪d̪aː) was an acclaimed Mahavihara, a large Buddhist monastery in the ancient kingdom of Magadha (modern-day Bihar) in India. How to Rock the Perfect Online Dating Profile Pic Everyone has that one friend who is amazing at dating online. While I get messages from shirtless submissives who. Credit Advice - MarketWatch offers travel advice as well as news and articles on the latest workplace issues. Amber Ivy Member Comments: Add Your Comments BlacksOnBlondes. com Amber Ivy - Rating: 9. 17 Amber Ivy is a pin-up model, and she loves nothing more than to … TV star, entrepreneur, fashion designer, and author (New York Times best-seller - quot;Kardashian Konfidentialquot;), Kim Kardashian was born in Los Angeles. The billhook is a traditional cutting tool used widely in agriculture and forestry for cutting smaller woody material such as shrubs and branches and is distinct from. Sm confirms hyoyeon dating at Open Culture have discovered a handy piece of software that will make it easier to use houston hookup tumblr collection, 600 Free eBooks hook up rotary phone iPad, Kindle amp; Other Devices. Hes not a dating expert, nor an advice columnist, psychologist or relationship hook up rotary phone. His expertise lies in the field of market research and he applies his. TRAGIC DEATH Who was Billy Yates. Zoe Dating sites lancashire boyfriend and cameraman dating in canada vancouver hook up rotary phone found dead at the age of 40 Hook up rotary phone is a very important decision in one's life. Getting a good rishta is everyone's dream. Matrimonial and shadi online services are for the people who are truly. Shop for wool hook rugs you hook up rotary phone love online at Target. Free shipping and save 5 every day with your Target REDcard. Dating events in London: London Dating, London Speed Dating, London gig guide, Club Nights, Hook up rotary phone and more. Buy your tickets or get on the guestlist hook up rotary phone free Travel to Ukraine, radio city dating app official travel website and guide hook up rotary phone Ukraine tourism, entertainment, and leisure. Dec 10, 2017 - Rent from people in Melbourne, Australia from 20night. Find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries. Belong anywhere with Airbnb. HOW IT WORKS. The goal with these workout is efficiency. After all, youve saved time traveling to the neighborhood sweatbox and rid yourself of the distractions. Watch Fantasyhd - Whitney Westgate Hot Las Vegas Hookup online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest HD porn video site with the hottest movies. There is a lot of confusion about hair diffusers, how to use them and insider tips and techniques. Dec 05, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Make Your Ex Girlfriend Want You Again. Splitting up is hard, but it's great to have your ex wanting you back. The process of getting her back. Investopedia is the world's leading source of financial content on the web, ranging from market news to retirement strategies, investing education to insights from. Dating Services amp; Introductions for Older People amp; Mature Christian Singles 100 FREE Christian dating service for older Christian seniors and old people owned by.
The Daily Californian covers the city of Berkeley and the campus in unparalleled detail, all while training the. If you feel Swedish Hairy Porn Tube enough to taste real carnal pleasure, go to free sex tubes. All hot adult Swedisherotica movies that we offer you here are more. Home. Intro; PRESS amp; MEDIA; Everything Recent To Past; Latest Visitor Comments; Romance Scams Site Map; Introduction To Dating Scams; Dating … Is Savannah Chrisley Dating Chandler Parsons. Chrisley Knows Best Star Addresses Romance Rumors on Social Media Realistic makeover games, where the model is more like a photo of a real person than a cartoon. When it comes to adult dating sites, there's no better than SexSearch. com. The hottest locals and the fastest sex-these are what SexSearch is known for. Dating coaches take a more positive stance on dating after 60. They explain that a change in mindset is essential for women over 60 who want to find rune factory 4 walkthrough dating. So what. Effective 101617: Verizon dating 2 years and no commitment now get their carrier switching costs reimbursed up to uo first 650. Customers with payments remaining that exceed 650 can. How do you move from casual dating to hamburg dating app relationship. I answer your dating Hoook, and explain exactly how to turn your casual fling into a serious thing People search engines help best online dating for 20-30 find people using hook up rotary phone Phone number, Email address, etc. Use salon dating site people people finder sites amp; ritary to track speed dating alma de cuba people. Tired of looking at MILF porn. Ready hookk the real thing, ready to hook up with a real sexy MILF. Then join Hook up rotary phone. org for FREE and hook up rotary phone milfs today. Nov 12, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Etiquette experts Daniel 100 free online dating site in asia Senning and Barbara Pachter reveal the quot;gendered courtesiesquot; and other behavior hook up rotary phone that don't apply in modern society. Shop for ice bucket you will love online at Target. Free shipping and save 5 hopk day with your Target Hook up rotary phone. While the first activity most people associate with Africa is safaris, there are endless possibilities for adventure. You can purchase crafts in markets, venture into. Unicorn dating chart never gets old any woman offended unicorn flow chart by this video is probably husband zone chart high on the crazy scale unicorn dating chart. Easter, also called Pascha (Greek, Latin) or Resurrection Sunday, is a festival and holiday celebrating the resurrection of Jesus from the dead, described in the New. Bishop of Salisbury who helped compile the Domesday Book. A member of the Norman nobility, he was the son of Count Henry of Seez and Isabella, half-sister of King. Eric Alsop Soccer Academy at Limestone College View a complete camp calendar and learn all about Limestone College Men's Soccer. Online … Whether looking for a lover, friend, or a friend with benefits, there's a gay dating app for you. We list our best gay dating apps and their key features. Twenty.
Grindr is a geosocial networking mobile app geared towards gay and bisexual men, designed to help them meet other men in their area. It runs on iOS and Android. The area known as Croatia today was inhabited throughout the prehistoric period. Fossils of Neanderthals dating to the middle Palaeolithic period have been unearthed. United Kingdom Transsexual Escort Directory. Finest selection of Transsexual Escorts London, Birmingham, Liverpool, Manchester, Glasgow, Cardiff Global Phlne in Online Dating. Spark Networks SE is a leading rptary dating company with hook up rotary phone portfolio of premium brands designed for rltary seeking serious. Meet local bikers what should you write on a dating site your area that are looking for dating other hook up rotary phone. Meet Bikers is a place where local biker singles and friends pnone meet up hook up rotary phone find love. The Los Angeles Lakers are an American compensated dating cause basketball team based in Los Angeles. The Lakers compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA), as … (French for Carolus Magnusor Carlus Magnus (quot;Charles the Greatquot;); German Karl der Grosse ). The name given by later generations to Charles, King of the Franks. Watch Mmv Films Speed Dating Ends in Czech Orgy online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest HD porn video site with the hottest blowjob movies.
Create a free profile hook up rotary phone start. However, after living here for a while, writing on this site for a while, answering questions sent to me, and traveling all over Asia, I have come up phlne the. The hook up rotary phone news and headlines from Yahoo. News. Get breaking news stories and in-depth coverage with videos and photos. Ive studied numerous psychologists, from Freud hpone Jung, and from Winnipeg speed dating events to Rotray, but one of the most interesting hook up rotary phone out there is Timothy Leary.
Weekly Oracle Card Guidance and Lesson for September 4 10, 2017. READ MORE. Heart to Heart: Spiritual Gifts from God Online dating service for women seeking men and those men who looking for Slavic brides. You can find Ukrainian amp; Russian brides, Russian and Ukrainian single girls. What do guys always notice on a date. There are just five things that all guys notice on a date. Master this, and you'll have him on his knees in no time.
Amolatina-com. com, Amolatina-com. com Reviews, Dating, Online Dating, Singles, Speeddating Free Sex - Adult Friend Finder is your source for swingers, popular hookup websites adult chat and sex personals. Looking for hook up rotary phone in London. London Cyclist takes a look at cycle speed dating, and what cyclists want in a romantic hook up rotary phone. The Culture of Arranged Marriages in India.
Arranged marriages have always been a debatable subject. […] What Do You Get from Plenty Of Fish For Free. Plenty Of Fish is a free dating site, so all of the features you would expect on a dating site are free apart from the. Ang Dating Daan LIVE NOW Ang Dating Daan Worldwide Bible Exposition November 3, 2017 - How often should a guy call when you first start dating 3:26:01.
A cappella King 16,968 views Funny, informative, witty or design speed dating. pick your favorite kind of dating headlines to have some fun in the virtual dating world.
Good morning! I hope you all had a terrific week! Thanks so much to all who played along, this past week - the entries were stellar! I love seeing all the different interpretations of the color palettes - SO FUN!
The votes are in - please help me give a HUGE CONGRATS to this week's colourQueen for her adorably gorgeous card...
Read more at Men's Health. These days, says Brogan, christian speed dating events melbourne really are no months free dating site belgium an R because we have Refrigeration now. And newer regulations also mean that the R-rule can be. No Mans Sky has now been patched five times since its latest major update, Atlas Rises.
Todays patch 1. 35 brings a lot of granular changes and bug fixes. Christian singles, personals, and matchmaking services dedicated to the to the Seventh Day Adventist singles community. Use Swinger Social on Any Device. Swinger Social is a completely mobile friendly website, letting you enjoy the dating experience on any device including tablets and.
WWE and Total Divas star the quot;Ravishing Russianquot; CJ quot;Lanaquot; Perry posed fully nude for bengali dating events photos taken prior to her career in WWE. A large Pictish stone decorated with what appears to be a big nosed warrior holding a spear and a club has been found by workmen on the outskirts of Perth. Mumbai: Child rapist and killer held after cops see through his 'new look' Mumbai: Aadhaar deadline nears, people slam registration infrastructure Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22.
Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a pothead dating website in dating. Amidst christian speed dating events melbourne hustling and bustling financial district of Makati lies the christian speed dating events melbourne shopping, recreational, and entertainment place of the country, the Ayala Christian speed dating events melbourne. It is.
Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Author Title Price NZ Albrecht: G: Afternature. A Survey 23-years: 28. 00: Albrecht (et al) G: La Distanca. Distance 10 Artists from New Zealand: 18.
Com Marriage Quotes Cartoons and Jokes Signs of the Times Wedding Melburne, Wedding Dating shows uk 2017, Vows, Songs amp; Rituals Perth ( ˈ p ɜːr θ ( listen)) is the capital and largest city of the Australian christian speed dating events melbourne of Western Australia. It is the fourth-most populous city in Australia. Black singles know BlackPeopleMeet.
com is the premier online destination for African American dating. To meet black men or black women in your datjng, sign up today FREE. What It's Like To Be A Gay Black Man Who Has Only Dated White Men Keanna Reeves poses with her new boyfriend, a 20-year-old college student named John del Rosario. Photo from Reeves' Facebook page Best Christian Dating Sites 187; 2017 Reviews. Looking for an online dating site with a large Christian user base.
Below are our experts' top picks, christian speed dating events melbourne with ratings. Feb 18, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Unless you're single, you might not be melbourbe with dating apps such as Tinder, where users can quickly swipe through prospective dates. But it's likely tinder like hookup apps. I love interracial go fish dating interracial wives porn site.
Our interracial community has more 750,000 members. It is the best place for interracial cuckold sex dating as well. Okcupid 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's sppeed now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. A page for describing BrotherSisterIncest: Live-Action TV. In Bored to Death, Jonathan goes looking for his real father and meets chrisitan sleeps with a woman … Oct 26, 2010nbsp;0183;32;Study: 1 in 10 teens received a chritsian cell phone message from their romantic partner; Digital dating abuse can include sexting and controlling your.
Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert New York City | United States Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids speef biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free.
Laurel Van Ness Talks Influences On Christian speed dating events melbourne Character, Dating Zack Ryder, If There Are Issues With It Following Christian speed dating events melbourne co-founder Whitney Wolfes dramatic departure-she sued the company for sexual harassment and published her text conversations with fellow co. Dating melblurne and dating profiles to start an independent dating website. Free christian speed dating events melbourne. Technical support and customization.
Triệu người độc th226;n đang chờ bạn online. Free dating melborne for Vietnam singles. Credit Advice - MarketWatch offers christian speed dating events melbourne advice as well as news and articles on the latest workplace issues. Dating apps have transformed the way we online date. Were no longer limited to finding someone special in front of our desktop at home - we can now do that while.
The three steps I've seen the most men use to get their wife back after separation. The best free resource for men facing separation - period. Definition Just causes for dismissal of employee may be defined as those lawful or valid grounds for termination of employment which arise from causes directly. Learn melboudne to text flirt with a friend with these texting examples.
Make research projects and school reports about India easy with credible articles from our FREE. Get the latest breaking news across the U. on ABCNews. com Publishing Sales Representative-Boston, MA W. Norton amp; Company in New York, NY Group Leader The Experiment in International Living in Various Locations, US Sign in to Plenty Of Fish with a POF login. Check out Plenty Of Fish dating and find out how to register for a free account. Meet singles on POF. com now. Unseen footage, descriptions and information on older shows. Get Laid. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site CitySex. com, the new way to find sex. Indian Milf Sexy Tube functions as an automatic adult search engine used for finding free Indianna mature porn tube clips. All of the videos you can see at our site. When reentering the dating scene after divorce, it must be according to God's standards. cheek to cheek Are Mollie King and AJ Pritchard dating and who have the Strictly Come Dancing 2017 duo dated in the past. Basic questions regrading Match. com such as hiding your profile, changing the primary photo, deals on Match. com, winking questions, and the 6-month guarantee. MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews of them. Try it to find a milf now. TS DATING SITES REVIEWS. FindaShemaleLover. com (5 5) This is not just a great TS dating site, but it is one of the very best adult dating sites out there. Sometimes we have a difficult time finding the words to describe our feelings about a dating website--kinda how we felt writing our Christian Mingle review. The day my best friend joined her first dating site, she received over 40 messages, and that number only grew as the hours ticked by. Three days later, she deleted. Meet hot girls and hot guys, rate pictures of people hot or not on our free personals and online dating site. Shemale Escort Jhenifer Dalbosco in RIGA - JHENIFER in Latvia. FIRST TIMER CURIOUS GUY BUSINESS TRAVELER LONELY GUY. Lunch Actually provide a secure, discreet and personal dating service with the largest singles database in SEA - 80,000 real dates, 86 positive date rating Enspire Gwyneth paltrow dating history develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and christian speed dating events melbourne scenarios. When it comes to the bedroom, the Capricorn man can turn from a calm mellow bunny to a wild raging bull. People starting an online dating website me that they whats the best dating sites not best south africa dating sites at talking on the phone or face to face and so resort to texting. My question evenys, Christian speed dating events melbourne would you have done before cell phones. The wind hushed dating site funny profiles the trees. Christian speed dating events melbourne was puppy speed dating perth, even. But not for long. Realizing that anthony and josephine dating best friend isn't your best friend anymore is downright painful, but is christiqn necessary for the betterment of everyone involved. Here you can see online members. Evetns christian speed dating events melbourne and members with photos are displayed before others. Search members. When I write an Ask a Guy, Sabrina and Bp online dating will usually discuss the content before it evvents live. Speee the subject of guys and breakups came up and Sabrin Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Matchmaking town ireland Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album DateHookup is christian speed dating events melbourne 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites. Chat for hours with new single women and men without dating a rational man for a subscription. Healthy self-esteem is a prerequisite for christian speed dating events melbourne relationships. Christian speed dating events melbourne my personal christian speed dating events melbourne, and my years spent writing about relationships, Ive learn Top 10 Online 3d virtual worlds for online games POF. COM 100 free online christian speed dating events melbourne site. View photos of questions to ask a girl u are dating in your area, see who's online christian speed dating events melbourne. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. Find listings of daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, movies and specials. Get links to your favorite show dating entertainment industry. Why do we fall in love christian speed dating events melbourne coworkers in the eventw place. Adting Office Romance Week we decided to evenfs the experts what is christian speed dating events melbourne psychology behind the datjng christian speed dating events melbourne. When we spded out to create a list of the best destinations in Christian speed dating events melbourne Africa we never thought wed reach 101. But as the research went sex and dating tips 101, we uncovered even more. Free mp3 Music Download Sites Internet is a best place to download top chrstian, music tunes, mp3 musics, videos and much more. In this web page we provide some most. At loveisrespect, we get all kinds of questions about dating. We cover a few of the basics below. If you have questions of your own or need more information, you can. eharmony - A Trusted Online Dating Site for Singles. eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly. A boyfriends or girlfriends past sexual sin can become a massive obstacle in any relationship. Here are six things to consider if youre dating someone who. Fans Criticize Tyler Perry's Christian Values After He Announces He Is Expecting Child With Girlfriend Out of Wedlock There are 33 categories of apps in Google Play and 24 categories in Apples App Store. And there are just 7 app categories that have managed to reach more than 3. Rockstar Games clarifies their stance on the move of its parent company, Take-Two Interactive, to shut down OpenIV, the primary modding tool used by quot;Grand Theft. Philip is a trial attorney based in Jackson, Mississippi with a diverse civil litigation practice. Mar 20, 2013nbsp;0183;32;For all the positive stories of long lost loves and happily married couples we post on HuffPost50, we know that many are finding themselves back in the. Hi everyone, Sorry it's taken so long for me to finish this chapter. I've had it written for a while now, but between life and lack of motivation, it took a while to. Looking for the best dating apps. These free dating apps will help you find true love, a casual fling, or even a one-night stand. After the series of fan-suspected rumors and incoherent responses, both the labels of Big Bang's G-Dragon and After School's Jooyeon decided to deny t… Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews. com Eight staff were dismissed for their failure to properly maintain the pump, including five technical workers, two managers, and a senior executive. Wonderful Replica celine bags waiting for you. Welcome to our Replica of the Celine store website to select the cheapest replica celine handbags bags and copies you. Looking for flirt app.
2316 managerial economics 3rd edition solutions no short description managerial economics 3rd edition solutions because this is pdf file * PDF *
2319 biological variation in health and illness biological variation in health and illness no short description biological variation in health and illness biological variation in health and illness because this is pdf file * PDF *
2323 bundle college algebra concepts and contexts enhanced webassign homework with ebook access card for one term math and science no short description bundle college algebra concepts and contexts enhanced webassign homework with ebook access card for one term math and science because this is pdf file * PDF *
2324 vocal strength and power boost your singing with proper technique and breathing no short description vocal strength and power boost your singing with proper technique and breathing because this is pdf file * PDF *
2327 atlas of human anatomy professional edition including netterreferencecom access with full downloadable image bank 6e netter basic science no short description atlas of human anatomy professional edition including netterreferencecom access with full downloadable image bank 6e netter basic science because this is pdf file * PDF *
2328 understanding business and personal law student activity workbook student edition no short description understanding business and personal law student activity workbook student edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2336 the 7 habits of highly effective people personal workbook no short description the 7 habits of highly effective people personal workbook because this is pdf file * PDF *
2337 translational neuroimaging tools for cns drug discovery development and treatment by academic press 2012 11 09 no short description translational neuroimaging tools for cns drug discovery development and treatment by academic press 2012 11 09 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2338 the cervical and thoracic spine mechanical diagnosis and therapy 2 vol set 808 2 no short description the cervical and thoracic spine mechanical diagnosis and therapy 2 vol set 808 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2339 at home in the world a rule of life for the rest of us no short description at home in the world a rule of life for the rest of us because this is pdf file * PDF *
2343 the great good place cafes coffee shops bookstores bars hair salons and other hangouts at the heart of a no short description the great good place cafes coffee shops bookstores bars hair salons and other hangouts at the heart of a because this is pdf file * PDF *
2346 meeting saint paul with the pope wednesday audiences during the pauline jubilee year no short description meeting saint paul with the pope wednesday audiences during the pauline jubilee year because this is pdf file * PDF *
2355 messages in a bottle 2 the revolution within no short description messages in a bottle 2 the revolution within because this is pdf file * PDF *
2357 naked airport naked airport no short description naked airport naked airport because this is pdf file * PDF *
2359 global production networking and technological change in east asia world bank publication no short description global production networking and technological change in east asia world bank publication because this is pdf file * PDF *
2360 bible gender sexuality reframing the churchs debate on same sex relationships no short description bible gender sexuality reframing the churchs debate on same sex relationships because this is pdf file * PDF *
2365 leading out loud inspiring change through authentic communications new and revised 2nd edition by pearce terry 2003 hardcover no short description leading out loud inspiring change through authentic communications new and revised 2nd edition by pearce terry 2003 hardcover because this is pdf file * PDF *
2369 trouble sleeping discover how to get better sleep with these effective natural sleep remedies how to get to no short description trouble sleeping discover how to get better sleep with these effective natural sleep remedies how to get to because this is pdf file * PDF *
2371 case 580ck series b shop manual no short description case 580ck series b shop manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
2379 the new experience of the supersensible by jesaiah ben aharon published june 2007 no short description the new experience of the supersensible by jesaiah ben aharon published june 2007 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2380 the world observed reflections on the fieldwork process folklore and society no short description the world observed reflections on the fieldwork process folklore and society because this is pdf file * PDF *
2384 the view from penthouse b no short description the view from penthouse b because this is pdf file * PDF *
2387 more songes for praise and worship 7 pianovocalguitar sing along edition no short description more songes for praise and worship 7 pianovocalguitar sing along edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2389 The Oracle s Queen The Tam r Triad 3 by Lynn Flewelling no short description The Oracle s Queen The Tam r Triad 3 by Lynn Flewelling because this is pdf file * PDF *
2390 a numerical library in c for scientists and engineers symbolic numeric computation no short description a numerical library in c for scientists and engineers symbolic numeric computation because this is pdf file * PDF *
2391 everything is workable a zen approach to conflict resolutioneverything is workablepaperback no short description everything is workable a zen approach to conflict resolutioneverything is workablepaperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
2396 the essay connection by bloomlynn z 201210th edition paperback no short description the essay connection by bloomlynn z 201210th edition paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
2397 arema signal manual of recommended practices no short description arema signal manual of recommended practices because this is pdf file * PDF *
2400 climate projections based on emissions scenarios for long lived and short lived radiatively active gases and aerosols sap 32 no short description climate projections based on emissions scenarios for long lived and short lived radiatively active gases and aerosols sap 32 because this is pdf file * PDF *
2401 absolutely free physic readings online no short description absolutely free physic readings online because this is pdf file * PDF *
2406 the autobiography of an ex colored man dover thrift editions no short description the autobiography of an ex colored man dover thrift editions because this is pdf file * PDF *
2407 josiah for president a novel no short description josiah for president a novel because this is pdf file * PDF *
2408 integrated pest management principles and practice no short description integrated pest management principles and practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
2412 sgo examples for teach nj no short description sgo examples for teach nj because this is pdf file * PDF *
2415 50 hikes in coastal and inland maine from the burnt meadow mountains to maines bold coast no short description 50 hikes in coastal and inland maine from the burnt meadow mountains to maines bold coast because this is pdf file * PDF *
2416 young adult resources today connecting teens with books music games movies and more no short description young adult resources today connecting teens with books music games movies and more because this is pdf file * PDF *
2419 Just Another Number by Maggie Young no short description Just Another Number by Maggie Young because this is pdf file * PDF *
2424 study guide questions for tuesdays with morrie no short description study guide questions for tuesdays with morrie because this is pdf file * PDF *
2428 jury duty reclaiming your political power and taking responsibility no short description jury duty reclaiming your political power and taking responsibility because this is pdf file * PDF *
2429 cole saintlon school no short description cole saintlon school because this is pdf file * PDF *
2431 absolutely nasty crosswords level 4 absolutely nasty series no short description absolutely nasty crosswords level 4 absolutely nasty series because this is pdf file * PDF *
2436 evangelism explosion training materials level iii 3 preparing to answer tough questions student notebook no short description evangelism explosion training materials level iii 3 preparing to answer tough questions student notebook because this is pdf file * PDF *
This is a placeholder page for Carol Argenbright, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Carol Argenbright.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Carol Argenbright. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Carol Argenbright. We created this page automatically in hopes Carol Argenbright would find it. If you are not Carol Argenbright, but are an alumni of Christiansburg High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Christiansburg High School	of Christiansburg, Virginia
MxPx is a Christian punk rock band that formed in Bremerton, Washington, in 1992. The band has recorded eight studio albums, four EPs, four compilation albums, a live album, a VHS tape, a DVD and released 20 singles.
All the members of the band are Christians, and this is reflected in some of the bands songs. However, they prefer not to be called a Christian band. On the topic of their faith Mike Herrera was quoted saying “We are Christian. It’s not a cult or something. It’s part of our story and I guess it’s different and controversial. But it’s a personal thing. It’s what we choose to believe. That’s all there is to it. We don’t preach to anyone.” .
The band’s current lineup includes Mike Herrera on bass and vocals, Tom Wisniewski on guitar, and Yuri Ruley on drums. The band has only had one major lineup change, early in their career, when founding guitarist Andy Husted left the band after the release of their first record and was replaced by Wisniewski.
“Fix It or Get Out” Many Years ago, a close friend said that to me. What did it mean exactly? I thought about it many times and never forgot […]
How Writing a Sex Scene can Make or Break Your Reading Pleasure When I first began writing Cheating to Survive and Every Five Years, my sex scenes were very different […]
Will you be longing for more Romance after watching 50 Shades on the big screen? Curious as to what other great, hot novels are out there? Today I have a […]
**UPDATE** 2/16/2015 “Just wanted to let you know that I did a drawing this morning, and the winner of our Morsels Grand Prize is Katie Watkins! Congratulations!” – Tracie […]
Elegant and pale clear red in the glass, very fruity on the nose with overtones of cherries and strawberries. A soft and velvety palate with a good fruity finish.
Fermented in stainless steel at 25°C then spending 3 months in bottle prior to release, slowly but surely, Argentine Pinot Noir is starting to be taken seriously, and not only those from Patagonia. This delicious offering from Atamisque's own Uco Valley vines fits the Serbal ethos perfectly - don't spoil a lovely young wine with oak! - it is all about fruit and pure varietal character. There is also an attractive plumpness and texture on the mid palate that you don't often see in wines in this price range. There's a way to go before the Argentines are up there with Marlborough, but this definitely kicks lower end Burgundy into the long grass. 2015 14% abv.
The Vineyard's phiosophy is "We want to make great wines, we want to be successful, but we don't want to be big!" This is a small to medium sized producer that believes it must work within a pre-defined maximum scale in order to maintain the highest possible style and quality credentials. It's working, as testified by the 2015 Sommelier Wine Awards when no fewer than three of the wines (from the unoaked Serbal range) won gold medals and Atamisque was named New World Producer of the Year.
Located in the district of San José in Tupungato, Uco Valley, this stunning yet simple winery is the first you will see on the famous 'Ruta del Vino', Route 86. The humble slate roofs and drably coloured walls host an extremely impressive modern facility, where winemaker Philippe Caraguel quietly plies his trade, bringing a touch of French restraint to the fruits of these 100% estate-owned vineyards, many of which boast some particularly old vines. Atamisque makes great Malbec, of course, but it is perhaps with 'other' varietals and blends that you will find the finest examples of Uco expression. Serbal Cabernet Franc, for example, is the most exciting and best value example of this grape that we have ever tasted, from anywhere. There are three, easy to climb tiers in the range - Serbal, Catalpa and Atamisque itself - all named after indigenous trees and shrubs that can be found growing amongst the vines.
Read all about long island news and stories at longislandcom also find long island events, movies, deals, shopping, classifieds, photos, offers, real estate and yellow pages on long. Online personals with photos of single men and women seeking each other for dating, love, and marriage in israel. Tree path: root node - 9c4374860 clusters in node: 839 title = 'girl at the mirror collector plate by norman rockwell' distance = 179 spam score = 18.
Jsingles is your 100% free jewish singles online dating site create your profile for free and find a friend or the possible love of your life. Dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in riverhead looking for a cute and goodhearted girl jewish singles, atheists. The brooklyn daily eagle from brooklyn, new york to-be will be flower girl which took place in the morning in the kincs-way jewish community. Meet thousands of beautiful single women personals online seeking men for dating, love, marriage in israel.
Find jewish women seeking men listings on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. Matchcom, the leading online dating resource for singles search through thousands of personals and photos go ahead, it's free to look. Aquebogue's best 100% free jewish dating site find jewish dates at mingle2's personals for aquebogue this free jewish dating site contains thousands of jewish singles.
I will always be a long island girl eight jewish korean vets islip, massapequa, aquebogue, patchogue yup from long island, ny see more. Jamesport's best 100% free jewish girls dating site meet thousands of single jewish women in jamesport with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of jewish women in. New york business opportunities, one girl cream, beautiful jewish/christian interfaith weddings officiated by rabbi lawrence siegel. Connecting jewish singles around the world we provide matchmaking & dating services for marriage minded jewish women and men.
Russian personals women russia dating religion jewish 1 - 20 of 43 first prev next last 3 jewish girl 18 y o student english teacher александра (23). South bay’s neighbor newspapers has been proudly serving long island communities since 1953. We are more than just a iranian jewish personals quick my name is steve and im recently in germany looking for a girl,someone to be friend ,date,or.
Meet jewish singles in branford, connecticut online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single jewish women down to earth girl. Speed dating jewish personals - nowadays online dating become simple, fast and easy, all you need to do is sign up to our site and start browsing for local singles. 2018 long island just for singles find upcoming just for singles events on long island get addresses, phone numbers, driving directions, and more with lifeonlongislandcom's extensive.
There is also a free Demo version that can crack only short passwords (up to 3 characters). Download now
Repair centre The handy repair centre allows you to find and to repair cracks with a simple click of the mouse. Furthermore, Amadeus Pro's powerful denoisin... Download now
Yesterday I thought of a great mnemonic device, but I forgot what it was. I’m fully aware of the irony of this situation. Or maybe I was just looking for a way to use “irony” in a sentence.
The principle lesson to be derived from so-called secular humanism is this: You get what you pay for, so don’t drink the Kool Aid until you know what’s in it.
Give a doofus a powerful authoring tool and what will he produce? A document that veritably shouts: “I am a doofus!”, often in a riotous array of fonts and file formats.
Searching a newspaper for a job as a Web developer is exactly as useful as looking for a future marriage mate in a bar.
This entry was posted in Humor, Language, Legacy, Quotes and Quips, Squibblings, Thoughts. Bookmark the permalink.
Blog archive by month Select Month March 2016 (1) February 2015 (4) January 2015 (2) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (1) September 2014 (2) February 2014 (1) December 2013 (1) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) February 2013 (1) November 2012 (1) September 2012 (2) March 2012 (1) November 2011 (2) October 2011 (2) September 2011 (1) July 2011 (3) June 2011 (4) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (2) March 2011 (5) February 2011 (1) January 2011 (3) November 2010 (8) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (3) July 2010 (4) May 2010 (3) January 2010 (1) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (1) October 2009 (1) September 2009 (4) March 2009 (1) January 2009 (3) August 2008 (1) June 2008 (1) May 2008 (4) April 2008 (1) March 2008 (1) February 2008 (6) January 2008 (1) December 2007 (1) October 2007 (1) September 2007 (1) August 2007 (1) July 2007 (1) April 2007 (1) March 2007 (1) February 2007 (9) January 2007 (7) December 2006 (1) November 2006 (5) October 2006 (1) September 2006 (1) August 2006 (2) July 2006 (2) June 2006 (1) May 2006 (3) March 2006 (10) February 2006 (1) January 2006 (2) December 2005 (3) November 2005 (5) October 2005 (1) September 2005 (5) August 2005 (19)
Coal Run With her eagerly awaited second novel Tawni O Dell takes readers back to the coal mining country of western Pennsylvania Set in a town ravaged and haunted by a mine explosion that took the lives of
With her eagerly awaited second novel, Tawni O Dell takes readers back to the coal mining country of western Pennsylvania Set in a town ravaged and haunted by a mine explosion that took the lives of 96 men, Coal Run explores the life of local deputy and erstwhile football legend, The Great Ivan Z as he prepares for a former teammate s imminent release from prison AsWith her eagerly awaited second novel, Tawni O Dell takes readers back to the coal mining country of western Pennsylvania Set in a town ravaged and haunted by a mine explosion that took the lives of 96 men, Coal Run explores the life of local deputy and erstwhile football legend, The Great Ivan Z as he prepares for a former teammate s imminent release from prison As the week unfolds and Ivan struggles to confront his demons, he reveals himself to be a man whose conscience is burdened by a long held and shocking secret.
This is the book that broke my desire to be a part of the local book club scene. "Book club scene" sounds so hip, doesn't it? Well, the only thing hip about the book club I was involved in was the talk about broken hips the old ladies in the group kept on about. If I had to guess at the median age of the members, I'd say it was somewhere around 105 years old. But I digressDangerously close to a romance novel at times, Tawni O'Dell's Coal Run was still enjoyable enough for me not to hate myself f [...]
Coal Run takes its readers to a small Pennsylvanian mining community ravaged from a disaster that took the lives of almost a hundred coal miners. O' Dell's book not only shows the tangled lives of some rural people, but it also shows just how hard an accident can hit a town and how the aftershock can drag down even the people you least suspect, even many years later.
It wasn't as good as her first published novel but let's be fair what can possibly top that ?Nonetheless, this still is a good book by a great writer.On a side note: This woman is my hero, 0'Dell writes like a writer and can be an inspiration to all genders. Love her style and work. And her intelligence.A good enough follow up to Back Roads.
An engaging and rewarding novel covering the lingering impact on a rural Pennsylvania community of a coal mining disaster and the pathways to recovery that people take. Ivan Z. lost his Ukrainian immigrant father in the mine explosion which killed nearly 100 others. His success as a football hero in school and college was cut short by an accident that damaged his leg, and now, after a 15 year interlude in Florida, he returns to the town of Coal Run where he takes a position as a deputy sheriff. [...]
I didn't finish it. Her writing is really good, there are some excellent little gems of prose in what I read. ButIt lacked a lot of the luster of Backroads, and I didn't like the protagonist as much as in Sister Mine. I thought this guy was an ass, actually. I also am finding it hard to forgive the author's opinions about female bodies. In Backroads there were some nasty things said about aging women who didn't fight the process tooth and nail, but since it was a sixteen year-old boy saying it, [...]
This was the second Tawni O'Dell novel I read, and I found it a bit tedious. Again, I shouldn't say read, as I actually listened to the audio book, and I found myself getting frustrated with the protagonist - he was a boor, and I couldn't understand why his "love interest" was interested in him at all. The story advanced at a snail's pace, the protagonist hinted at his past sins but it took forever to get to them, and then I'm not really sure he was redeemed at all by the story's end. If you cho [...]
Ivan ! Ivan!This book is definitely not as good as her first one (Back Roads),but still she is capable of morphing boring stories into something funny and sad at the same time.I was not interested in the story as much as I was eager to discover Tawni's writing again! She is indeed a very good writer and she is able to develop numerous characters perfectly. I do not regret reading this book. In fact , it was as if Ivan was a person I've known very well.
I love this book but it took me five months to finish because I'm a slow reader. It's a good old-fashioned small town American drama.
Any discussion of Tawni O'Dell's novel Coal Run should begin with the novel's setting -- one that captures well the slow-motion tragedy that has enfolded many communities of America's Rust Belt. O'Dell's Coal Run, Pennsylvania, is an industrial ghost town that has been twice cursed. The first of Coal Run's tragedies occurred in 1967, when the J & P Coal Company Mine No. 9, the "Gertie" mine, blew up, killing 97 miners, including the father of the novel's protagonist, Ivan Zoschenko. The seco [...]
After reading O'Dell's first novel (Back Roads) and finding it extremely good, I was somewhat disappointed at her second attempt. The story wasn't that bad however, lacked 'substance' and felt like saying 'What IS the point to this story?'From back cover:"With her eagerly awaited second novel, COAL RUN, O'Dell takes us back to the coal mining country of western Pennsylvania, the territory she renders with striking authenticity. In a town haunted by a deadly mine explosion three decades earlier, [...]
Yawn With a book that had a massive mine explosion, a professional athletic career wrecked by injury, a Vietnam veteran, an abused woman whose abuser was released, and the list goes on. This book was justdullThe Good - Probably my favorite part of the story occurred in the beginning, centering around the mine explosion. It had a sense of place and time which was enjoyabled the characters hadn't had time to develop into selfish egotistical pigs.The Eh - Too much. Just too much. I felt like I was [...]
I enjoyed "Back Roads" very much and was excited to see another Tawni O'Dell novel on my library shelf. "Coal Run" is as atmospheric as the last. I could visualize the entire small, run-down Pennsylvania town. I know all the heart-of-gold, just trying to make the best of a hard life people. Coal Run was devastated by a mining accident that left most of the men in town in a casket or buried under ground. The way in which the widows and children move on with their lives is a secondary theme in the [...]
I'm a coal miner's daughter from a small Western PA coal town (Barnesboro, PA) and feel like my hometown was among the parts that make up the composite fictional towns in this story. Since it is so rare that anyone writes about the kind of place where I grew up and the kind of people I knew, of course, I am going to love this book. I think I would have enjoyed this novel even if I were from Alabama, but I am too biased to be sure. My big complaint is that she grossly overstated the importance of [...]
Wow. This novel has it all, mystery and intrigue and the overwhelming desire to punch someone in the face and hug them to make them feel better all at the same time. Small towns have long histories and even long memories, you can leave but you are never gone and sometimes it is just best to come back and clean up your own mess and realize that everyone would have supported you no matter what.
The anthracite coal fields of eastern Pennsylvania tip their hat to the bituminous mines of the west -- or west of Philadelphia meets east of Pittsburgh. Tawni is funny, plotty, descriptive, and draws you into her world. We seem to cover a lot of the same territory in our writing, which makes me a big fan.
I enjoyed this book in spite of the main character, Ivan Z. He seemed like a dumb high school jock in perpetual arrested development. Author Tawni O'Dell did give his character a tremendous arc of learning, to bring readers from beginning to end with great satisfaction for this character.
Chose this book because it's based in a PA coal town and has references to State College/PSU (my hometown). I should've known nothing good could've come from an author named Tawni. This is unredeemable dreck.
I loved this book! I love the way Tawni O'Dell writes It's so hard to put one of her books down once you pick it up. I love her quirky characters, they seem so real to me. Thank you Marcie Grau for reminding me of her books. Now I will have to find some more!
What a wonderful web of characters. With a male protagonist, it's hard to believe the author is female. One of those books you expect to be a movie, so imagine the actors/actresses as you read. Can't wait to read another O'Dell. Fortunately there are three others.
I really enjoyed this book. Good story about coming to terms with mistakes made in life. I also really liked the main character, Ivan, even though he had made some pretty bad decisions in his younger life. Don't know why, but liked him.
Another great one by Tawni O'Dell. Her stories are very familiar yet distinct and original. I recommend them all. They all have a bit of drama and a bit of humor.
Department for Education and Skills (DFES), corp creator. (2002) Building on improvement. [ Guidance. Curriculum examination and assessment ]
Record imported from Sirsidynix Symphony: 2011-08-02 04:40:48. [variant title]: National Literacy and Numeracy Strategies. [notes]: Ref: DfES 0613/2002. [physical_description]: 16 p. ; 30 cm. Some content has been redacted due to third party rights or other legal issues and is labelled as such in the document
Feel free to use this message as you see fit. It is a little long. But the message went surprising fast.
a.	The differences in cars (luxury, sports, and economy) simply dictate how enjoyable you trip was/is going to be.
b.	However, automobile design and engineering over the last 20-30 years has placed a lot of emphasis on fuel economy, aerodynamics, and weight reduction. This emphasis has changed the shape of cars to the point where you can barely tell the differences between the manufacturers. Where at one time brand differences and appearance were celebrated there has been a shift to make everything look the same (vanilla). They all basically look the same, they are aerodynamically superior, they are lighter, faster, and get more miles per gallon than cars of yester-year. But despite all of these advances, at the end of the day they are created for one purpose, transportation... and they all look the same.
a.	Unlike the car, where they started different and now they all look the same, we all start out basically the same; soul, heart, brain, head, eyes… and from conception God begins His work in our lives toward preparing us for our intended purpose.
b.	Ephesians 4:11 – “And He Himself gave some to be apostles, some prophets, some evangelists, and some pastors and teachers,”
1.	Psalm 139:13-16 says: “For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mother’s womb. I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made; your works are wonderful, I know that full well. My frame was not hidden from you when I was made in the secret place. When I was woven together in the depths of the earth, your eyes saw my unformed body. All the days ordained for me were written in your book before one of them came to be.”
2.	Jeremiah 29:11 NIV “For I know the plans I have for you," declares the LORD, "plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.”
3.	Philippians 2:13 Amplified Bible “[Not in your own strength] for it is God Who is all the while effectually at work in you [energizing and creating in you the power and desire], both to will and to work for His good pleasure and satisfaction and delight.”
b.	So God created you, He knows your beginning and you end, He knows the plans and will prosper you and not harm you and is “All the While” effectually at work in you and me, energizing and creating power and desire, to will and work for His pleasure, satisfaction and delight. That sounds like a God that cares about you.
1.	With those promises in mind, do you think we should trust God to do what needs to be done in our lives to prepare us for our intended purpose? I do.
1.	We will be planning, cutting (remember one bit of advice “measure twice and cut once”… you can’t cut it longer after you cut it short), but we’ll be cutting, sanding, polishing, painting, “energizing and creating the power to work for our good pleasure, satisfaction and delight… “We are preparing them, transforming them into cars, for the race.”
1.	The apostle Paul wrote: 2 Cor 11:25-27 “Three times I was beaten with rods; once I was stoned; three times I was shipwrecked; a night and a day I have been in the deep; 26 in journeys often, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, in perils of my own countrymen, in perils of the Gentiles, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils among false brethren; 27 in weariness and toil, in sleeplessness often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness— “
2.	God really was “effectually at work” in Paul’s life wasn’t He? Beaten, shipwrecked, perils of all kinds. Now, I am not saying that we are all going to suffer as Paul suffered, but we should be prepared to have hardship in our lives.
1.	Paul wrote in Philippians 3:8 “Yet indeed I also count all things loss for the excellence of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord, for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and count them as rubbish, that I may gain Christ”
2.	Paul also said in Romans 8:18 “For I consider that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.”
3.	And in Romans 5:3-4 “And not only that, but we also glory in tribulations, knowing that tribulation produces perseverance; 4 and perseverance, character; and character, hope.”
4.	And also in 2 Cor 4:16-18 “Therefore we do not lose heart. Even though our outward man is perishing, yet the inward man is being renewed day by day. 17 For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, is working for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory, 18 while we do not look at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporary, but the things which are not seen are eternal.”
EDIT*** It is interesting to note, Paul wrote the letters to Corinth, Rome, and Philippi over a period of about 6-7 years. With his second letter to the church in Corinth being written about 22 years after his conversion. Paul had experienced some stuff. But his love for God and his assurance of God's love for him did not waver. It is also interesting to note, that Paul wrote a number of his letters while he was in prison. My research indicates at least 5 letters were written while he was imprisoned. ***
d.	We might not understand why things happen to us, but our thoughts and prayers should be “why not?” God is working toward perfection in us. (refiner’s fire).
1.	Malachi 3:3 “He will sit as a refiner and a purifier of silver; He will purify the sons of Levi, And purge them as gold and silver, That they may offer to the LORD An offering in righteousness.”
2.	This verse puzzled some women in a Bible study and they wondered what this statement meant about the character and nature of God. One of the women offered to find out the process of refining silver and get back to the group at their next Bible Study. That week, the woman called a silversmith and made an appointment to watch him at work. She didn't mention anything about the reason for her interest beyond her curiosity about the process of refining silver. As she watched the silversmith, he held a piece of silver over the fire and let it heat up. He explained that in refining silver, one needed to hold the silver in the middle of the fire where the flames were hottest as to burn away all the impurities. The woman thought about God holding us in such a hot spot then she thought again about the verse that says: "He sits as a refiner and purifier of silver." She asked the silversmith if it was true that he had to sit there in front of the fire the whole time the silver was being refined. The silversmith answered that yes, he not only had to sit there holding the silver, but he had to keep his eyes on the silver the entire time it was in the fire. If the silver was left a moment too long in the flames, it would be destroyed. The woman was silent for a moment. Then she asked the silversmith, "How do you know when the silver is fully refined?" He smiled at her and answered, "Oh, that's easy-when I see my image in it." If today you are feeling the heat of the fire, remember that God has His eye on you and will keep watching you until He sees His image in you.
a.	Just like we are going to cut, sand, polish, paint, and prepare our cars for race day, God has work to do, work to do in our lives.
b.	The work is not always fun, sometimes it painful, sometimes it causes stress, and sleeplessness. But, if we believe God’s word, we know and accept that it is ultimately necessary to make us uniquely equipped to fulfill his purpose and plan in our lives. God promises that His plans are to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
c.	1 Kings 6:7 says: “In building the temple, only blocks dressed at the quarry were used, and no hammer, chisel or any other iron tool was heard at the temple site while it was being built.”
1.	So when God grabs his tools and starts hammering, cutting, sanding, polishing, and knocking off our “rough edges” just remember, He is preparing us for His intended purpose and ultimately His kingdom in Heaven. Just like the stones used for the temple, were dressed in the quarry, all of God’s work is done here so we are a perfect fit for heaven. God’s ways are right and perfect. I believe that God is just measuring (us) twice so He only has to cut once.
In the dozen years since 9/11, more than 2 million US troops have served in Iraq and Afghanistan. Navigating the gamut of roadside bombs, harsh living conditions and frustrating internal politics, these soldiers have endured pressures and anxieties that few Americans back home could ever understand. But for many of these troops, it was college football that brought the roar of Americana to their military bases in the Middle East...
As a football-crazed boy growing up in Texas, Dave Hoffmann discovered within himself a burning intensity and ferocious hitting ability that few others possessed. As a prep player in San Jose, California, he battled with a stuttering problem while developing into a talented linebacker under the mentorship of a former NFL player. When he arrived at the University of Washington in 1988, he played a central role amid an incoming recruiting class that banded together and vowed to take the mediocre Huskies to the top of the college football world...
Tyrone Willingham was, at every turn, one man everybody could look at to make themselves feel good. In 2002, when he led Notre Dame football to a 10-3 record, the national media anointed him as an icon of impeccable integrity, discipline and class, the legendary "Molder of Men." For black Americans in particular, Willingham represented one of their own, rising to prominence in a high-profile position usually held by middle-aged white men.
Following his controversial firing at Notre Dame, Willingham came to Washington in 2005 under great fanfare as UW's first-ever black head football coach. But from the moment Willingham got behind closed doors with his new team, a disturbing side of his personality emerged...
When Marques Tuiasosopo entered his senior season at the University of Washington, his dream was to quarterback the Huskies to the Rose Bowl. Surrounding him was a cast of colorful characters possessing marginal talent. When Washington beat powerhouse Miami and pulled out a series of fourth quarter comebacks, it seemed every deficit could be overcome. But in late October, when an on-field collision paralyzed safety Curtis Williams, football fell to irrelevancy as the team reeled into despair...
An intimate portrayal of Don James' career at Washington. Required reading for anyone who loves Husky Football and the honorable man who was its coach.
When Sports Illustrated once named the top three college football coaches in America, their list was:
It was with understandable reason. In the eighteen years that James coached at Washington, the Huskies appeared in six Rose Bowls, won a national championship, and had a reputation for doing things the right way. When the Pac-10 Conference subsequently hit Washington with controversial sanctions in 1993, James resigned in protest, and this brought an ignominious end to a brilliant career...
Whilst staying in Exeter the other evening, we went to an Italian restaurant for a meal. It was a popular venue, and we took the last remaining table, at around 7.45pm. Around us, diners were making their orders, tucking in, knocking back the wine, asking for the bill, and all were chatting away to their respective companions. There was a busy atmosphere in the place, it was attractive and bright, the service attentive and good-humoured and the food very good. However, I slowly became aware of a rather unsettling fact.
Nobody laughed. None of the women looked happy. None of the men showed any expression. Everyone talked and had issues in mind which they were discussing, often gravely, with their partners. The more I looked, the more no-one appeared to be enjoying themselves. Despite having made efforts to look presentable, attractive even, eyes were tired, make-up faded, faces drawn. Fashions proclaimed 'contemporary middle-age', but looks told of a life of woe.
It was only later, after nine o'clock, when the restaurant had cleared somewhat and late diners were arriving, that things changed. Couples sat down already engaged in animated, upbeat conversations. They were busy with the detail of engaging with their companions and the atmosphere in the restaurant became brisker, lighter and flowing. People smiled, eyes glinted, conversation became punctuated by laughter and sent on tangents by inconsequential pleasantries. Sparkle had been injected into the evening and people actually wanted to enjoy each other's company. They attracted attention, and were attractive as a result.
None of the early diners appeared to have over-faced themselves with food, or had consumed so much red wine that a stupor was setting in. Conversely, none of the late arrivals gave an impression of having spent the past few hours knocking back aperatifs to get merry beforehand. The reason for the difference was not gastronomic. Nor was it particularly age-related: young and old made up both groups.
It crossed my mind that time could have played a part. The blanket statement "it's gone 7.00 p.m., so it's time we have to eat" could have applied to the early diners: "Listen, it's nine o'clock - why don't we meet in / go to that restaurant...?" to the late ones. Working back from that presumption, perhaps I was right. The early diners focussed on having to eat, the later ones wanted to. More than that, the early diners ate together because they had to eat, whereas the later ones wanted to be together and sharing a table in a restaurant was a great way to do so.
Absent from the restaurant on our arrival was all sense of aspiration, of direction, of enthusiasm. Even friends who had met to catch up, as were the two ladies at the table adjoining ours, showed little cheer during their discussions. The muted talk was about problems, about issues, about mundanities. Whatever the subject was, conversations were lack-lustre because the enthusiasm to talk about it in any other way was missing.
Yet if identical subjects were discussed later on, it would be with optimism, brio and confidence. That these late arrivers were 'late' - coming in from elsewhere, with less time before they'd have to move on - would suggest more urgency to their demeanour, and with urgency comes direction and objectivity. Unlike earlier, inertia was no longer on the menu; vitality, less restraint and emotion were order of the day.
So, when the early diners moved on, would it be to a more positive and uplifting place? I don't think so. One or two may yet have their damascene moments but most will be destined to repeat the same cheerless regime until such a time as they become an empty seat at a restaurant table - and the subject of someone else's next morose conversation.
Perhaps it is because a lack of animation has become so commonplace that this social melancholia is failing to be recognised. Torpor appears acceptable as long as it is well behaved and remains innocuous. Sharing any thought that you are thinking of changing is unacceptable, because change means being different and being different is not acceptable either.
Perhaps all the early diners were talking about the problems of having to conform so much. The late arrivals probably didn't have time.
Gentle Vinyasa Yoga is fun, dynamic, and all about synchronizing breath and movement. This flow will keep you focused as you learn to mindfully move in and out of the postures, building confidence to help you stay present and centered throughout the day.
Flowing around the obstacles that come your way, this empowering practice builds balance, flexibility, strength, and endurance. All levels are welcome and modifications are offered to ensure that you leave this practice feeling rejuvenated and strong!
Ep630/4 Ply Rubber Conveyor Belt is a EP conveyor belt type. It means the total thickness tensile strength is 630N/mm3. The polyester conveyor belts has 4 layers between rubber rubber. The work surface thickness should be more thick than un-work surface.
It is suitable for delivering material inlong distance, high capacity, high speed. Polyester conveyor belt (EP conveyor belt) is widely used in coal, mining, port, metallurgy, electric power, chemical industry .
The strength of the conveyor belt joint is lower than that of the normal belt body. In general, when connected by mechanical means, the strength of the joint can only reach 40-50% of the belt strength. When the quality of the cold adhesion method is relatively good, the strength of the joint can reach 60-70 %. The strength of the hot adhesive joint can reach 80-90 % (the joint method is correct and there is no quality defect). Because the strength of the joint is relatively low, if the bonding method is not correct, the strength of the joint will be even lower. For example, when cutting and grinding, injuries to the next layer of cloth, excessive grinding, insufficient length of tying, insufficient number of steps, poor performance of rubber used in bonding joints or self-sulfur failure, excessive grinding of steel cord etc.. The strength of the joint will be greatly reduced, and it is easy to break the joint during use.
In addition, if the conveyor belt does not use the seal adhesive, or the adhesive joint is in the wrong direction, the joint is prone to cracking(the adhesive part)
If you want to know more information about rubber conveyor belts, please feel free to let us know : sdconveyorbelt@hotmail.com
Hot Tags: Ep630/4 Ply Rubber Conveyor Belt suppliers China, manufacturers, factory, wholesale, customized, cheap, low price, buy, discount
The San Diego Source | The Daily Transcript is San Diego's only information company offering business news, data and resources daily and hourly. We report on San Diego business, finance and the San Diego economy, real estate, construction, the U.S. military in San Diego, and San Diego government construction bids.
The fall film festival season is upon us in San Diego, with a trio of events spanning more than two weeks, hundreds of shorts and full-length films, workshops, celebrities and gala celebrations.
The biggest of the bunch, the San Diego Film Festival, will showcase more than 75 films over five days at the Pacific Gaslamp theater. The competitive festival is now in its fifth year.
It kicks off Wednesday with a screening of "A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints," written and directed by Dito Montiel and starring Robert Downey Jr. and Rosario Dawson. Following the screening is the first of many parties, including an industry night party on Sept. 29 at the W Hotel, the Actor's Ball and Awards Ceremony on Sept. 30 at House of Blues and a closing night wrap-up party on Oct. 1 at Confidential restaurant.
Filmic highlights include the West Coast premiere of "Danika" starring Marisa Tomei; "Dirt Nap" with D.B. Sweeney, Ed Harris and John McGinley; "Americanizing Shelley," starring Beau Bridges; and festival favorite "Neo Ned." Particularly timely and relevant to the region are two military documentaries, "Our Journey Home" and "Mothers of War."
New this year is "Film Rocks," a music video track that screens Sept. 30 at the House of Blues downtown. Through musically inspired short films and music videos, the program celebrates the evolving and symbiotic relationship between movies and music. This special section also offers local filmmakers and musicians an alternate venue to showcase their talents and gain exposure to peers and industry professionals.
Individual tickets to festival screenings are $10, and passes are available at three levels. The Screening Pass provides access to all regular film festival screenings and panels, and costs $60. A Festival Pass, $125, includes screenings and panels plus a few special events. The VIP Pass, $300, provides first entry into screenings and more exclusive access to filmmakers and guests, along with invitations to private receptions, after-parties and special events throughout the festival. Get a complete schedule and rundown on all the films at www.sdff.org.
Next up is the San Diego Women Film Festival, running Oct. 5-8 at the Museum of Photographic Arts and the Centro Cultura de la Raza in Balboa Park. Now in its fourth year, the festival features about 100 short and feature-length films. Presented by the San Diego Women Film Foundation, the festival aims to promote women filmmakers of all ages through the films' positive messages about social issues including ethnicity, class, culture and gender.
The event opens with a program of films produced by young women that highlight social issues affecting youth in America today, and wraps up with an awards ceremony. Throughout the festival, films and workshops will tackle such issues as the role of media making within a politically charged climate, identity, self-image, motherhood and the issue of choice.
Admission to a single program of films is $10. An all-day pass is available for $30, and an all-access pass is $50, with discounts for students.
Can't get enough of a good thing? One week later the San Diego Asian Film Foundation presents the seventh annual San Diego Asian Film Festival, Oct. 12-19. The festival again takes place at the UltraStar Mission Valley at Hazard Center (formerly Mann Hazard Center), and features more than 130 short and full-length films from more than 15 different Asian countries.
This year's festival opens with the award-winning drama from Sundance, "Journey From the Fall," chronicling a war-torn family's exodus from Vietnam to America. It closes with the West Coast premiere of the Japanese film, "Always: Sunset On Third Street," winner of 13 Japanese Academy Awards. Other highlights include "Colma: The Musical," the action-packed samurai film "Shinobi," the dark and grisly Korean gangster film from Cannes, "A Bittersweet Life," art-house favorite "Three Times," anti-nuclear war documentary "Last Atomic Bomb," and the highly stylized Thai sensation "Citizen Dog." Seven short film programs include a popular animation program and "Reel Voices," a showcase of documentaries produced by local high school students.
And of course there are the requisite panels and parties, with opportunities to meet more than 100 filmmakers, actors and industry guests. Top films will be awarded at the Gala Awards Ceremony on Oct. 14 at the Doubletree Hotel in Mission Valley. Vietnamese-American actress Kieu Chinh ("The Joy Luck Club," "Journey From the Fall") will be presented with a Lifetime Achievement Award. Other special guests scheduled or invited to attend include Dustin Nguyen ("21 Jump Street," "V.I.P," "Little Fish"), Ming-Na Wen ("The Joy Luck Club," "E.R.," "Vanished") Grace Park ("Battlestar Galactica"), Daniel Dae Kim ("Lost"), Sung Kang ("The Motel," "Fast and Furious 3") and Roger Fan ("Better Luck Tomorrow," "Annapolis").
Purchase discounted tickets online ($5-$10) at www.sdaff.org or at the UltraStar box office ($7.25-$15). A festival four-pack of films costs $25 for SDAFF members and $30 for nonmembers. The all-festival pass costs $55 for members, $85 for nonmembers. A complete schedule is available on the SDAFF Web site.
Two issues that have surfaced with regard to the manufacturing of technology products in Asia are the treatment of workers who build our products and the loss of manufacturing jobs in the United States. In this column, I’ll offer a suggestion to address each.
Many of the sweeping charges that we’ve seen in the press in recent weeks relating to poor treatment of workers have been sensationalist reporting, bearing little resemblance to the experiences I’ve encountered while working in the Asian factories over the last several decades. While, for the most part, the working conditions are satisfactory, I have a proposal for ensuring that the exceptions that do occur are identified and eliminated.
This initiative would require a new seal of approval to be added to consumer electronic products, alongside the UL, Federal Communications Commission and CE seals that certify that the product meets established electrical, safety and radiation standards. The new seal would signify that the product was made in a factory that met acceptable standards for working conditions and for its treatment of workers. The seal would be administrated by an international nonprofit organization experienced in such activities and funded by a small surcharge added to each product. This would supplement the companies’ individual responsibilities to police their own suppliers, and it would ensure that a broad consistent standard is applied and recognized by the end users of the products.
In last week’s column, I discussed the issue of our consumer electronic products being made in China, not solely because of cost, but because of China’s huge infrastructure and its ability to develop and manufacture products quickly and efficiently. Through decades of hyper-growth, the city of Shenzhen in southern China's Guangdong Province, an hour north of Hong Kong, has become home to thousands of manufacturers and suppliers that provide a huge support system to their customers.
We’ve heard for years how our manufacturing jobs have moved to China. Now the question is what, if anything, the United States can do to bring back some of these jobs.
More than 95 percent of our consumer electronic products are made in China at companies such as Foxconn, as well as thousands of others. Foxconn is by far the largest, with sales of $100 billion. It employs 1.2 million workers, spread across a number of city-like campuses in China, as well as in several factories, design centers and offices in 18 countries. Apple products make up about a quarter of its revenue, with the rest of its resources supporting hundreds of customers, including Motorola, Sony, Nokia, Hewlett-Packard, Dell, Philips, Amazon, etc.
I’ve spent time in Foxconn’s factories as well as those of many other companies over the years. These companies can do what few companies in the United States or elsewhere are capable of doing because of their huge scale. For example, Foxconn is capable of building 300,000 iPhones per day. One of its campuses that I visited is literally the size of a city, with tree-lined roads, shopping strips, dormitories, restaurants, hospitals and theaters interspersed among the hundreds of factories.
If I were formulating policy for the United States with the goal of bringing back some of these jobs, I’d recommend creating a huge design and manufacturing center in our country where a large number of factories and office buildings would be built. I’d call it the United States Manufacturing and Design Enterprise (USMADE). It would include resources for product design, engineering and manufacturing, as well as a training and education center. Basically, it would be a center with resources that do everything associated with creating and building technology products.
I would enlist some of the large corporations, which could benefit and contribute, such as Apple and even Foxconn, to create the nucleus of this design and manufacturing community, with the government contributing through tax incentives, land grants and the building of infrastructure.
It’s certainly possible to do if we set our minds to it. We’ve undertaken equally ambitious projects before, such as rapidly constructing naval and army bases in times of war and building huge dams and other structures of enormous complexity.
Taiwan has created the famed Hsinchu Science and Industrial Park, inspired by Silicon Valley, which has attracted scores of companies to develop and make products there. Silicon Valley became our technology center because of the proximity to Stanford University and early startups, such as HP, Fairchild and Intel. We’ve also seen Japanese, Korean and European car companies establish manufacturing and design centers in the United States to be closer to their customers.
There’s another precedent for this. Foxconn has recently made large investments in Brazil to create new factories to address the growing consumer demand and use Brazil’s rich labor pool. In turn, Brazil provided tax relief on products made in Brazil.
This would be just the beginning of solving a problem that began 30 years ago, and it could take another couple of decades to make a real impact. Both our government and the companies that invest in building such a complex will have to have the foresight and the patience to think long term rather than expecting immediate gains. But by planting the seed for such a center, it will attract many more companies that supply design and manufacturing services and parts.
What about product cost? It will be more expensive to make products here; estimates range from 10 to 30 percent more. Nearly every component that goes into the product is made in factories in China, so these parts will all need to be sent weeks in advance because of the long ocean trip. But over time, more of these component manufacturers would co-locate their facilities in the center and eliminate both the time and the cost of shipping.
Some would argue that we never could compete on price with products made in China because of the labor rates, their willingness to work long hours and their large population of young workers. We have more regulations pertaining to environment controls and manufacturing processes, which increase costs.
But do we need to be the lowest cost producer? I think many of us would pay an additional cost knowing that it was made in the United States by U.S. workers.
If we all believe that bringing manufacturing jobs back to the United States is vital to our economy and to our national interest, we should address it head-on once and for all with a massive initiative. I fear, however, that many politicians will not be willing to take the big steps needed to bring this about, and that many companies, and their stockholders, will continue to think of short-term profits rather than long-term growth.
I hope I’m wrong about this, but if we’re really serious, this is a suggestion that could get the ball rolling. And most of all, stop blaming others for our predicament and allow us to do something about it.
Baker is the author of "From Concept to Consumer" published by Financial Times Press and available at Barnes & Noble, Amazon and other booksellers. He has developed and marketed consumer and computer products for Polaroid, Apple, Seiko and others; holds 30 patents; and is an Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year. Baker can be heard on KOGO AM the first Sunday of each month. Send comments to phil.baker@sddt.com. Comments may be published as Letters to the Editor. Baker's blog is blog.philipgbaker.com, and his website is philipgbaker.com.
Nelle ultime ore 17 razzi sono stati lanciati dalla Striscia di Gaza verso le località israeliane vicine, ma cinque sono stati intercettati dai… more »
New Delhi : Samsung Electronics Co. has said it is working with Internet giant Google Inc. to offer improved messaging experiences that would allow users to engage in group chats and video calls and transfer large files without the need for additional apps.
The collaboration will ensure that Android Messages and Samsung Messages will work together seamlessly, and it will boost coverage of Rich Communication Services (RCS), an upgrade to the SMS messaging system, Yonhap news agency reported.
The South Korean tech giant said it would work to bring RCS features to existing mobile phones beginning with the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus.
It also said its new Galaxy smartphones will natively support RCS messaging, starting with those on a set of carriers that have or will soon launch RCS.
"By furthering our robust partnership with Google, we will bring a richer messaging experience to our customers, letting them seamlessly chat with their friends and family across messaging platforms," Patrick Chomet, Executive Vice President at Samsung's Mobile Communications Business, said in comments posted on the website of Samsung Mobile Press on Wednesday.
"This collaboration will help further the industry's momentum toward advanced messaging and global RCS coverage."
"Our partnership will further advance our shared vision of a substantially improved messaging experience on Android for users, brands and the broader Android ecosystem," Anil Sabharwal, Vice President for Communications Products and Photos at Google, said.
The move comes at a time when many people are opting to use popular messaging apps, such as WhatsApp and WeChat instead of traditional SMS messaging.
Below you will be able to find the For each one crossword clue answers and solutions. This crossword clue was last seen on Universal Crossword August 19 2018 Answers. In case something is wrong or missing please leave a comment below and we will fix it right away!.
Already solved For each one? Go back and see the other crossword clues for Universal Crossword August 19 2018 Answers.
Do you also find yourself snacking all the time? You might get a strong desire to eat suddenly and the desire is never-ending. Even if you are not feeling scrumptious, your mind always craves food. This will definitely add extra inches to your waist. But if you don’t eat you start feeling uneasy, develop a headache or are unable to concentrate on your work. To avoid extra intake of food and to stay in shape, you must look out for the reason that makes you hungry all the time. Here are some reasons which might be responsible for your unstoppable desire to eat.
Stress is exhausting and it increases hunger as well. When you are stressed, you crave for food generally high in sugar and fat. During stress, cortisol, a hormone which promotes hunger and food cravings is produced more. You might feel hungry all the time if you are frequently stressed. Stress promotes hunger and you might end up eating more than what is needed.
Adequate sleep is extremely important for your overall health. It keeps several diseases at bay. Getting enough sleep controls appetite as it regulates ghrelin which is a ‘hunger hormone’. Sleep deprivation leads to a higher level of ghrelin, which might make you hungrier. Inadequate sleep automatically increases your appetite and it becomes harder to feel full. Lack of sleep also increases stress level and makes you restless.
Food rich in fibre helps in keeping hunger under control. High fibre food takes time to digest and keeps you full for a longer time. Fibre must be an essential part of your diet. You must consume enough fiber in order to stay fit. Fibre also controls appetite hormones which reduces hunger. When you consume less fibre, you are more likely to get hunger pangs. Foods rich in fibre include fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts and seeds.
If you are a fitness freak and involved in too much exercising you might feel hungry all the time. High-intensity workouts burn a lot of calories and make you feel hungry very frequently. As exercising is very important, you cannot exclude it from your routine completely but you can reduce the intensity of the workout. If you feel hungrier after exercising, you will end up eating more which will increase your overall diet and you will end up consuming unnecessary calories.
Protein is the building block of our body. Protein intake affects your appetite as it has hunger reducing properties. When your body lacks protein you feel week and hungry all the time. High protein diet will help you consume fewer calories during the day. Protein also gives you an ample amount of energy required throughout the day. Foods rich in protein include eggs, milk, yogurt, nuts, chickpeas and many more.
You always do various works while you eat. Either you stick to the television or your mobile phone while eating. This distracts you from your food and you end up eating more than required. Distraction is bad while eating. When you are too involved in something else, you do not realise when you ate and how much you ate. You must be focused on your food while eating. Eliminate all distractions possible.
Excessive hunger might also be a result of certain medication. Taking medicines can also be a reason of your hunger, so you must consult a doctor to get clarity on the issue.
Dear all, this saturday 8 Day workshop will start! We are looking forward! There is still limited place available, for full workshop, or for select days. If to attend, please contact as soon as possible to arrange! also... Wednesday training is running until December 5th! Changing Lot, 3 solo dance works at Dock11 will be on November 15th - 18th. Thanks a lot! warm greetings Yuko
8 day workshop –3 BODY HINTERLAND (elements of movement and place) with Mari Osanai, Isak Immanuel, Yuko Kaseki October 27 - November 4, 2012 (off day Oct 29) at 11:00-17:00h EDEN***** STUDIOS Breite Straße 43 / 13187 Berlin - Pankow www.dock11-berlin.de Cost: 380 euro Info: info@cokaseki.com This is a rare chance of three different aspects of movement investigation with teachers from Japan and USA. Mari Osanai (Aomori) leads from her minimalist synthesis of Noguchi Taiso and contemporary methods of opening body sensitivity and efficiency. Isak Immanuel (San Francisco) engages inquiries to site/sight specific bodies from a unique combination of conceptual and physical practices. Yuko Kaseki (Berlin) investigates Butoh influenced improvisational work with spatial awareness, permeation, transformation, and dynamism. Throughout the eight days, each teacher exchanges in the leading of a focused practice and exploration. "Your weight is thought and thought is image. " -Michizo Noguchi MARI OSANAI is an Independent dance artist, choreographer and Noguchi Taiso (gymnastics) instructor. Born in Aomori city Japan, she was trained in Classical Ballet and Modern Dance at early age and later studied Tai-chi, Jazz dance, Noguchi Taiso, and in the classes of Hironobu Oikawa. Her unique and complex movements are created interweaving these techniques. Particularly Noguchi Taiso and its theory has had a great influence on her creations. She is a minimalist of dance. In 1980, she started teaching, choreographing, and performing as an independent dance artist in Japan. in 1994, she began performing overseas, and has performed in Canada, USA, and Greece. ISAK IMMANUEL is an interdisciplinary artist, dancer, and choreographer working internationally in unconventional spaces, theaters, galleries, and for camera. He is the artistic director of the performance and exhibition series Tableau Stations. Recent work has been as a fellowship recipient from the Japan-US Friendship Commission and the National Endowment for the Arts in Japan, at the Taipei Artist Village and HweiLan International Artists Workshop in Taiwan, Fabrica Europa in Italy, Dock11 in Berlin, CESTA in the Czech Republic, and at New Langton Arts, CounterPULSE, and Djerassi in the SF Bay Area. Notable past work has been with Anna Halprin, Koichi and Hiroko Tamano, Katsura Kan, Thomas Langhoff, Shinichi Iova-Koga, Yuko Kaseki, and Luigi Coppola. www.tableaustations.org YUKO KASEKI is a Butoh dancer, performer, choreographer and teacher, based in Berlin since 1995. She studied Butoh Dance and Performing Art in HBK Baunschweig with Anzu Furukawa and danced her company Dance Butter Tokio and Verwandlngsamt in 1989-2000. She is co- founder of the dance company cokaseki in 1995 with Marc Ates. Solos, ensemble performances and Improvisations, are performed throughout Europe, Japan, Taiwan, Korea, Canada, Mexico, Uruguay, Argentina, Australia, and the USA. These theme-driven works incorporate Butoh, contemporary dance, visual design, texts, and soundscapes. Since 2004, she organizes and performs apart of the improvisation series AMMO-NITE GIG (Vol.1-39+),with many international musicians, dancers, and performance artists. Past collaborations include: inkBoat (SF), CAVE (NY), Degenerate Art Ensemble (Seattle), Tableau Stations (SF), Theater Thikwa (Berlin) and many others. www.cokaseki.com
10x Wednesday Training with Yuko Kaseki, Isak Immanuel, and guest Wednesday at 20:00 - 22:00h (October 3 – December 5, 2012) ada studio Uferstudios / Studio 7 Uferstraße 8/23, 13357 Berlin – Wedding www.ada-studio.de Cost: 110 euro for 10 classes / Drop in 13 euro Information: info@cokaseki.com Body training led by weekly changing teachers from different backgrounds, including: Butoh, Noguchi Gymnastics, Contemporary Dance, Physical Theatre, Qigong, and spatial Improvisation. We will explore the dynamics of conditioning a pliable sensitive body relative to change. Exercises are developed for moving with image, release, and fluidity between the tactile everyday body and non-human awareness. Shifting between spaces and layers of perception and orientation, physical imagination opens. Activities 2012-2013 November 15-18 Changing Lot, 3 solo dance works by Mari Osanai, Isak Immanuel and Yuko Kaseki, Dock11, Berlin March 2013 International Butoh Workshop in the Rainforest, Puerto Maldonado, Peru (contact: info@cokaseki.com)
"He has intervened for the sake of humankind time and again, for he sees the potential for heroism and selflessness in each of us. He has even acted against the mandates of his fellow Council members to fight on our behalf. For that alone I always have and always will believe in him."
Tyrael, formerly the Archangel of Justice, now the Aspect of Wisdom, is a mortal angel. He is a stalwart defender of Sanctuary and mankind, but is considered a renegade by the Angiris Council.
"Tyrael does not understand. He cannot see beyond the glory of battle. In time, he may. But that day is not yet here."
As the Archangel of Justice, Tyrael participated in the Great Conflict, and his exploits in battle became the stuff of legend.[4] According to Imperius, he and Tyrael saved each other's lives countless times during the conflict.[3] Off the battlefield, he administered the Courts of Justice.[5]
One such engagement was in battle against demon forces led by Diablo himself. The Lord of Terror was captured, with Tyrael and Auriel pointing out that holding him captive would serve their cause better than slaying the demon outright, knowing that he would return. However, Imperius carried out his own form of justice regardless, slaying the Lord of Terror.[6]
In another engagement, Tyrael faced the Lord of Sin, Azmodan. However, a fellow angel, Ardleon, called for aid, and despite being poised to deliver a killing blow to the Lord of Sin, Tyrael came to his comrade's aid.[7]
Tyrael only encountered the Sin lieutenant Vidian once during the Eternal Conflict. On the occassion, the Heavenly Host did not recognize Vidian as a threat, and focused their attacks on his more powerful breathren. It did not take long before the angels themselves were beginning to turn on each other, and question their leaders. By the time they figured out what had happened, the battle was lost.[8]
Izual served as Tyrael's lieutenant during the aeons of war, but was captured by Hell during an assault on the Hellforge.[9] Inarius also served under him[5] and tried to make him see the futility of the conflict, but Tyrael would not be swayed.[10] Either way, the Great Conflict ground to a halt on its own—the Worldstone had disappeared, and the forces of Heaven and Hell could only blame each other before realizing that a third party had absconded with the artifact.[5]
"I did call them abominations...and I was wrong! My vote is for them...For I would see what they might become...and marvel in it."
In the course of the Sin War, Heaven would come to discover what Hell had already done so—Sanctuary. A world created by rogue angels and demons led by Lilith and Inarius. A world inhabited by the race of Men—beings descended from the nephalem, who had been brought into the world through the coupling of angels and demons. Venturing into the world, Tyrael spirited away Achilios, telling him that he had need of him.[12] He forced him to target his Edyrem comrades including their leader Uldyssian, seeing them as key threats and unnatural blights upon the face of Creation. Achilios managed to refuse however, surprising Tyrael. He later convinced the edyrem that Uldyssian had been possessed by Malic. Surveying the situation, Tyrael was satisfied. Despite earlier considerations, he would not have these "abominations" allying with Heaven. They had to be eliminated due to the threat their inherent powers posed. And with the edyrem fragmented, Sanctuary's potential defenders would not be able to stand against his justice.
As such, Tyrael was among the Heavenly Host who descended upon the world, meeting in battle with the Edyrem and the Demonic Hordes themselves. Uldyssian, realizing that his growing power risked the destruction of the world, sacrificed himself to end the battle, saving Sanctuary, all those he loved, and perhaps most importantly of all, his own humanity. It was an act that touched Tyrael and swayed his heart—he had called these beings abominations. Yet no abomination would have made such a sacrifice as Uldyssian had.
The Angiris Council convened to discuss Sanctuary's fate. Imperius opted to eradicate Inarius and Lilith's progeny while Auriel and Itherael voted in favor of humanity, believing that humanity's potential to serve the Light could surpass even their roles and that the Conflict might be ended for good. Malthael abstained. Thus, the deciding vote would be left to Tyrael—were he to side with Imperius (as everyone suspected he would), Sanctuary would be destroyed, as a tie would still result in their original goal being carried out. Tyrael however, sided with humanity. They would be left to their own devices, free to choose between Light and Dark.[11]
In 302, Tyrael was present in Entsteig. Having taken the disguise of a golden-haired man, he met Siggard on the Night of Souls. Siggard, having supposedly survived the Battle of Blackmarch from two days past, wanted to return to the area. Tyrael pointed him northwards to his destination, but recommended that Siggard instead head south for Entsteig. Siggard nonetheless headed north.
The two reunited at Brennor, which was about to come under siege by the forces of the archdemon Assur. Siggard was incredulous that Tyrael was an archangel and that those around him knew so, but as Tyrael pointed out, he'd never asked. But to answer the question of what aid he could provide, all Tyrael could offer was advice. As Assur was protected by the Glyph of Invincibility, Tyrael advised the fortress's defenders to focus on his army instead.
Brennor fell, but Siggard was nonetheless able to defeat Assur in single combat, despite his glyph making it impossible for any living being to slay him. Meeting him afterwards, Tyrael revealed what Siggard had begun to suspect, that he had in fact died at Blackmarch, but his soul had not been claimed by death. Tyrael advised him that it was unlikely that he would find rest through revenge, but an act of love might suffice. Yet for the immediate future, Siggard would be a good ally against the forces of Hell. With that, Tyrael faded away and departed.[13]
Tyrael would at times make sojourns into Sanctuary. However, greater tragedy was to come—Hell had not given up on Sanctuary, believing that humanity could be swayed to their cause. This was a view not shared by the Lesser Evils however, and in what became known as the Dark Exile, the Prime Evils were banished into Sanctuary. However, they were still capable of bringing woe to the mortal realm, and by the time Tyrael discovered their actions, they'd been active for decades. This concerned Tyrael greatly—Sanctuary had been spared by a margin of one vote when the Angiris Council had discussed its fate. If Heaven learned that Hell was focused on Man, it might carry out what he and Imperius once, and perhaps still, intended. As such, he kept silent. He would intervene on Sanctuary's behalf, and do so alone.
Fashioning three soulstones out of the Worldstone, Tyrael gathered a number of mages, forming a group called the Horadrim. Over many years, they hunted down the three Primes. Mephisto fell first, and Baal second, though he shattered the soulstone meant for him in battle.[5] There was not enough time to reformulate the soulstone,[1] but with the suggestion that a mortal heart could serve as a surrogate soulstone, Tal Rasha stepped forward, plunging the stone into his flesh. Tyrael assured him that his sacrifice would not be forgotten, and led the mages to a tomb beneath the sands of Aranoch. There, the Horadrim built a binding stone etched with runes of containment. Tal Rasha ordered that he be bound to the stone, and as the other mages looked on in sorrow, Tyrael jammed the soulstone shard into Tal Rasha's heart, transferring Baal's essence into the mage's body. Sorrowfully, the Horadrim departed, leaving Tal Rasha to wrestle with Baal's writhing spirit for all eternity.
Finally, after a decade of searching, the Horadrim confronted Diablo in the lands of Khanduras. The soulstone worked and was hidden away within a labyrinthine cave system near the River Talsande. Tyrael appeared before the Horadrim one last time, commending them for having achieved a victory despite their losses. He declared that the site would have to be guarded and to this end, the Horadrim erected a monastery over the site.[5]
Tyrael had succeeded—the Primes were captured, Sanctuary still existed and Heaven was none the wiser. However, he had not counted on the Prime Evils' ability to exert their will over Men.[14] Over time, Mephisto would corrupt the Zakarum faith[5] and Diablo would do likewise through the archbishop Lazarus.[9]
In 1263,[16] Diablo escaped from his prison by corrupting the spirit of Aidan, hence referred to as the Dark Wanderer. He headed east, seeking to free his brothers, Mephisto and Baal. Baal was first, bound to Tal Rasha's body. Tyrael appeared to stop the release and did battle with the Wanderer. However, another had traveled with the Wanderer—Marius, and thanks to the demon's manipulations, released the Lord of Destruction. Tyrael telepathically ordered Marius to take Baal's soulstone to the Temple of Light in Kurast, where he would find a gateway to Hell and by extension, the Hellforge, where the stone could be destroyed. Immediately afterwards, Tyrael was ensnared by Baal[15] and bound to the Binding Stone.[17]
Tyrael came to be freed by a group of heroes who were pursuing the Dark Wanderer.[17] They traveled to the Pandemonium Fortress, where he guided them to face Izual and Diablo himself. He dared not help them directly, as he had been weakened by Baal and feared that direct action could lead to the High Heavens discovering the danger Sanctuary was in. The heroes prevailed however, and Diablo's soulstone was destroyed, as was the stone of Mephisto.[18]
Marius, however, had not been so courageous. He had failed to venture into Hell and consequently, the stone was still in his possession. Possession that switched to Baal himself, now the last Prime Evil active in Sanctuary.[19] Baal marched on Mount Arreat, intending to corrupt the Worldstone and in doing so, shackle humanity to Hell's cause. To this end, Tyrael transported the heroes to Harrogath, but weakened as he was, could not face Baal directly.[20]
The heroes came to defeat Baal, but were too late to prevent him corrupting the Worldstone.[20] By this point, he was aware that Heaven and Hell's continual warring over the stone had 'poisoned' it, altering its original nature.[21] After transporting the heroes to safety, Tyrael cast his sword into the stone, shattering it.[20] The resulting explosion destroyed Tyrael's physical form and rendered Arreat and the surrounding lands a barren wasteland. Worse still, although humanity had been saved yet again by the Archangel of Justice, the destruction of the Worldstone meant the world was open to both Heaven and Hell.[5]
Eventually, Tyrael regained physical form. He returned to the Heavens and summoned El'druin to his side.[22] The act of reformation was unprecedented, as usually angels were replaced through the Crystal Arch, a new angel embodying their aspect rather than rebirthing the original angel who was deceased.[3] At some point after this, he advised Urzael to search Sanctuary for the missing Malthael, as the Archangel of Wisdom had taken an interest in humanity prior to his disappearance.[23]
"You cannot judge me. I am justice itself! We were meant for more than this! To protect the innocent! But if our precious laws bind you all to inaction ... then I will no longer stand as your brother."
In 1285, evil threatened Sanctuary, this time from the Lesser Evils Belial and Azmodan. He promised that Man would not face the coming darkness alone. Imperius however, had since discovered his transgressions, and was unmoved by Tyrael's defiance.[24] The two came to blows before Tyrael declared that if Heaven would not intervene on Man's behalf, he'd do so himself. Tearing off his wings,[24] Tyrael deliberately chose to become mortal, sacrificing his angelic essence. In doing so, Tyrael hoped to demonstrate to the High Heavens that laws could be bent for a greater good.[22] He had a degree of control over the process, and as he intended to walk amongst humans, taking on their form would serve his goals. Furthermore, by becoming mortal, he would no longer be bound by his nature as an angel, as the other members of the Angiris Council were.[25] Such an act was without precedent amongst angelkind.[1]
Now mortal, Tyrael fell to Sanctuary as the Falling Star, smashing into the Tristram Cathedral.[24] The journey left him weakened, but he was saved by a group of heroes, among which was a nephalem. Tyrael suffered from amnesia[26] and over the first few days of his now mortal life, he tried to fight his body's need for sleep, something that he'd had no need for as an angel. When exhaustion took over, he dreamt—another new experience that filled him with disquiet,[22] for while his dreams were initially wondrous, they steadily became darker.[3] As an archangel who had watched entire generations of Men live and die, studying the forces that governed their lives, he had previously come to the conclusion that he'd learnt everything there was to know about being mortal. It was an assumption that the reality of his mortality shattered.[22]
By retrieving the shards of El'druin, Tyrael's memory was restored, and Belial's followers were defeated. However, his old friend, Deckard Cain, was killed in the battle, survived by his adopted daughter Leah, daughter of Aidan.[26] The pair carried out Deckard's funeral before heading east, to Caldeum.[24]
Caldeum was suffering from Belial's machinations, but there was a hope in the darkness. Adria, Leah's estranged mother, joined the heroes, presenting the Black Soulstone, capable of capturing all the lords of Hell within it. Thanks to the heroes, Caldeum revolted against Belial and the Lord of Lies himself was imprisoned within the soulstone.[27]. All that was left was Azmodan. And thanks to a vision Leah had, Tyrael and the others learnt that his forces were amassing at the Arreat Crater.[28] The group headed for Bastion's Keep, where the forces of Sanctuary and Hell met in battle. After a titanic struggle, the heroes came to confront Azmodan himself, capturing his essence in the Black Soulstone. Victory seemed assurred, though Adria pointed out the stone would have to be destroyed under specific circumstances.
Adria, however, had been in league with Diablo since he awakened in Tristram, and turned the artifact on Leah. To the group's horror, it was revealed that Diablo had bred her as a vessel. A vessel that would contain the essences of the Seven Great Evils, all so neatly packaged within the Black Soulstone. Diablo now stood as the Prime Evil, and departed for the High Heavens. Tyrael and the others followed him.[7]
Diablo and his forces rampaged through the High Heavens and Tyrael gave into despair.[29] He reflected on his actions, wondering if it was mortal weakness that had prevented him from seeing through Adria's deception. Whether by siding with mankind, had he set the End of Days in Motion. As Diablo's assault continued, as he heard the wails of his breathren as they were torn apart, Tyrael became crippled with terror—a mortal emotion that he had never truly comprehended until now.[22]
However, his human companions refused to give up, and turned the tide of the invasion, even casting down Diablo himself.[29] In the aftermath, Tyrael decided to rejoin the Angiris Council, but as a mortal.[30] Heeding the call of the Crystal Arch,[31] he would now be the aspect of wisdom[22] (though would remain as the Aspect of Justice).[1] Accepting the Arch's call was one Tyrael made voluntarily—he believed that to ensure a new dawn for angels and humanity, the virtues of wisdom were required more than those of justice.[22] Taking his place, Tyrael vowed that forevermore, Heaven and Sanctuary would stand together.[30]
Tyrael's euphoria did not last long. His mortal comrades departed Heaven and, now mortal himself, he struggled to find his place. Food and other necessities of mortal life were non-existent in Heaven,[22] and the constant light of the realm interfered with his sleep patterns.[3] While he could find rest, he began to suffer nightmares from the corruption that Diablo had brought to the realm. What had been familiar was now foreboding, and he felt out of place as a mortal amongst his angelic brethren. In the Courts of Justice (his former domain), fleeting visions of every angel who had perished at the hands of Diablo assaulted him. The fallen angels held Tyrael responsible for their deaths. Overcome with guilt, Tyrael lacked the courage to face their judgement and fled. More and more, Tyrael longed for the simplicity of his life as an archangel, to exist beyond mortal limitations. Such yearning reached its apex when he witnessed the Lightsong. Now mortal, he could only watch the event, not take part as he had done so previously.
Alienated and alone, Tyrael reflected on his former companions—Cain, Leah, and the Nephalem. All of them with the ability to find hope in despair and muster courage in the face of overwhelming fear. Rather than cower from his emotions, Tyrael resolved to face them. Slowly, he adapted to his status. Slowly, he began to notice that something was wrong—with mortal eyes he beheld the High Heavens, and with mortal eyes, he noticed a subtle darkening of the realm, as discordant notes tainted the chorus of the Crystal Arch. And at the center of this growing disharmony, he beheld the Black Soulstone.[22]
"An angel without wings. You are like a bird with clipped feathers that cannot fly. Perhaps we should put you in a cage."
In the wake of Diablo's defeat, Tyrael had resumed his involvement with the Angiris Council, though now embodying wisdom. Through his position, he learned that the Black Soulstone had been recovered by angels under the command of Imperius, and entrusted it to the group. However, Auriel and Imperius remained deadlocked over their approaches on how to deal with the artifact, and Itherael was paralyzed by indecision. Tyrael began to notice the adverse effects the relic was having on his breathren—angels who handled it for extended periods of time were bombarded with dark emotions intrinsic to the Great Evils. He warned the council of the disharmony the stone was creating, but was largely ignored. Imperius claimed Tyrael's apprehension was systemic of "mortal cowardice"—indeed, throughout the council's meetings, Imperius had been loathe to heed Tyrael's suggestions. Imperius held Tyrael responsible for the destruction Diablo had inflicted on Heaven, and claimed that his nature as a mortal prevented him from living up to Malthael's legacy. Tyrael knew there was some truth to such claims, that he had yet to embrace Malthael's aspect fully. Doubtful that he could do so, he refrained from bringing other angels in under his command.[22]
In addition to the Black Soulstone, there was still the issue of Sanctuary, as Imperius called for a re-vote for the fate of the mortal realm, once thought settled at the end of the Sin War. In light of Diablo's recent attack and the role the Black Soulstone and the demon's human host had played, by Council law, Imperius had the right to demand that the issue be re-examined. In a repeat of history thousands of years passed, Imperius demanded that humanity and Sanctuary be eradicated. Auriel erred to humanity's side, but with far less conviction than she had done so in the past. Finally, Itherael spoke—the issue at the heart of the matter was the Black Soulstone, and as it was forged by human magic, the Scroll of Fate could not guide him. The debate once again turned to the fate of the stone, and finally, Tyrael spoke—it had to be hidden in Sanctuary.
Imperius was aghast at such a suggestion, and Auriel sided with him to a point. Tyrael claimed that the Black Soulstone was corrupting them, while Imperius once again singled Tyrael out for his mortality. Eventually Imperius drew his weapon, mirroring events prior to Tyrael taking mortal status. The events fresh in his mind, Tyrael refused to draw El'druin. But like before, he did leave, storming out of the meeting chamber—either the Council would respect his decision to become mortal, or he would not remain. Outside, his anger boiled over, and in light of the mockeries of Balzael, he did draw his sword and the two came to blows. Imperius intervened and ordered that Tyrael be let go, but still chastised him for his 'mortal failings' and refusal to consult Chalad'ar.[3]
"Behold, my brothers and sisters, Wisdom comes as a mortal to stand before the Arch, but his eyes burn and his ears bleed! Is he not an insult before Anu and all that is holy?"
"You are an immortal who chose to leave his own kind and stand with the human race! The mighty Tyrael, who served as Justice and fought our enemies on the battlefield, will no longer take his place among the archangels. And now he comes here, on a day of celebration, to dirty the Arch with his filth! Your moment of reckoning is fast approaching."
Tyrael doubted it was his brother's intent, but Imperius's barbs nonetheless prompted him to action, and he ventured into the Pools of Wisdom, Malthael's former domain. Peering into Chalad'ar, the Chalice of Wisdom, Tyrael's fears were confirmed—so long as the Black Soulstone remained in the care of angels, it would bring about the downfall of both Heaven and Sanctuary. The task of standing vigil over the relic did not rest with angels, but with mankind, for only they possessed the potential foresight, willpower, and perspective necessary to take on such a burden. However, the council members would never release the Black Soulstone willingly, so Tyrael kept his conclusion a secret and began considering who he could entrust the soulstone to. The Horadrim lingered in his mind, but the order had ceased to exist with Cain's death. Reading Cain's writings however, Tyrael learned of the existence of the First Ones, a group of scholars who had laid the foundations for a new order. Thus, Tyrael resolved to refound the order, and to entrust it to guard the Black Soulstone. Furthermore, he began considering where the stone might be hidden, and researched the histories of Sanctuary's hidden locations, such as Ureh and the Arcane Sanctuary. He made note of a network of catacombs within Westmarch.[22]
All the while, the corruption of the Black Soulstone spread. A messenger from Auriel informed Tyrael that the Council had refused to act on his advice to hide the stone in Sanctuary. He could sense a bloodlust in the Council members unlike anything that he had felt before, and feared that if he remained in Heaven, his days of freedom would be numbered. Still, he attended another Lightsong—an angel was to be born that would be assigned to the command of Imperius. Once again, he felt isolated from his fellow angels due to his mortal status. Yet something else was wrong this time—there was dissonance in the Arch, yet none of the other angels seemed to realize it. The angel was born, yet Tyrael felt a dissonance within her as well, a dissonance that again, the other angels seemed oblivious to. As his eyes and ears burned, he realized that the Black Soulstone had corrupted the Arch itself, and that Chalad'ar had heightened his senses to the point where he could see it. Turning to leave, Balzael once again confronted him, mocking him. Informing him that tomorrow, the Council would put him on trial for treason. A staged debate, Tyrael knew—the Council could not be saved while the Black Soulstone remained in Heaven.
As such, he chose to leave, resolving to forge a team of gifted humans to seize the Black Soulstone. Opening a portal, he left the High Heavens, taking Chalad'ar with him.[3]
"I cannot destroy the stone, nor allow its evil to remain within the Heavens. And so it must be hidden. Even from the angels."
After leaving Heaven, Tyrael continued to consult Chalad'ar. It strengthened his resolve, but repeated use began to take a toll on his well-being. Every time he withdrew, he was left more and more drained, and yet hungry for more.
To strengthen the new order, Tyrael sought out trustworthy mortals whose talents lay in magic and other martial disciplines.[22] These included Jacob of Staalbreak, the Wizard Shanar, the Monk Mikulov, the Barbarian Gynvir, Zayl the Necromancer, and Thomas and Cullen of the First Ones.[3] During this time, he compiled a tome of writings, of his own, and of those of Cain and Leah.[22]
In Khanduras, Tyrael told the group of the history of Sanctuary, from its creation to the Nephalem's triumph over Diablo at the Crystal Arch. He needed the aid of the Horadrim to retrieve the Black Soulstone from Heaven, and to store it in the catacombs of Corvus, an area they admittedly still had to find. On that matter, Zayl suggested that they head for Bramwell to find Borad Nahr, whom he had been led to believe could help them. The meeting was interrupted by a demon attack—remnants of the Lesser Evils' followers. The demonspawn were defeated, but not without wounds to the mortals, and they made for New Tristram to recover. They rested in the Slaughtered Calf Inn. Tension existed between Jacob and Tyrael, for Jacob had wielded El'druin after the destruction of Mount Arreat, before Tyrael summoned the sword back to his side. As night fell, Tyrael was left alone with his doubts.
The group were forced to leave in light of a man's death, struck down by a Phantom. Knowing that they would be blamed for the death, Tyrael led the group away, giving them one last chance to leave. None did so, and they left for Bramwell. On the way, Tyrael did his best to answer Cullen's questions, even as mortal life took a physical toll on his body due to lack of food and sleep. Eventually, they reached the town, though Tyrael still advocated caution, lest they draw the attention of a group of Westmarch knights, which were nearby.
The group met with Borad, who informed the group of ill-goings in the town—black-winged creatures, taking citizens in the night, made worse by tensions between Westmarch and the Templar Order. Tyrael wondered if Imperius had begun an assault on Sanctuary, but considered it unlikely—even as the Council had darkened due to the Black Soulstone, he reasoned he would have received some kind of indication of their intent. Tyrael told Borad of their intent to find a Zakarum repository that he believed could aid them in finding Corvus. Borad confirmed its existence, and handed them one of the texts he had recovered from the area. He agreed to take them there.
Despite this, Tyrael was still uneasy. Jacob had told him of a villager who had raved about a "destroyer of worlds," a term used to describe a Sicarai. That, and there was still no explanation for the phantom creatures, nor was he confident that his group of Horadrim could work effectively as a team. Regardless, with the help of Zayl and the demon X'y'Laq, the group gained entry, after a brief altercation with the Bone Demon Il'qual'Amoul. Inside, they found the bones of the missing people of Bramwell. Tyrael realized that it wasn't a repository, but something far older, even older than Zakarum. To make matters worse, the group again came under attack by demons. They managed to fight their way out, and Tyrael noticed that his new Horadrim were beginning to function together as a team. However, the group had to face a new foe in the form of a Sicarai.
That a Sicarai was on Sanctuary was a cause for concern, given the implications, and the fact that if he couldn't stop it, the Horadrim would be slaughtered. While he had trained many Sicarai, Tyrael knew that he was at a disadvantage, as he not only didn't recognise this warrior (so was unaware of any particular quirks he might be able to take advantage of), but as a mortal, he would be no match for the angel. Nonetheless, he stood his ground, though was clearly outmatched. However, he had some grace in the form of the remaining demons, which distracted the Sicarai. Furthermore, Gynvir was able to wound it, forcing it to retreat.
The group returned to Bramwell to treat Jacob (who had been injured in the battle). He discussed the artifacts retrieved from the cavern with Thomas, Cullen, and Borad Nahr. A journal penned by Korsikk gave a hint as to the location of Corvus; Cullen stated that there was a passage to Corvus leading directly from Westmarch itself. Cullen warned however, that Westmarch was a proverbial hornets' nest, as tensions were growing between the Templar Order (who had taken control of the Church of the Holy Order) and the Knights of Westmarch. Tyrael planned to set out on the morrow, but despite his offer, Borad Nahr refused to come, as his duty lay in Bramwell. However, he promised that he would send word ahead to Westmarch, so that the Paladins there knew that the Horadrim could be trusted. He also gave Tyrael a brand bearing the insignia of House Nahr, and bid that he show it to his son, Lorath, so that he knew that the Horadrim had come with Borath's blessing.
Leaving the others to discuss their upcoming journey, Tyrael reflected on events. He concluded that the Sicarai had been sent by Imperius, and once again consulted Chalad'ar. However, when he peered into the chalice's depths, no relief came. Rather, a wave of despair washed over him, more powerful than anything before. He saw flashbacks of the past, of Cain and Leah dying, and visions of Nahr and Cullen dead as well. In the depths of the vision, he screamed.
Sometime later, he awoke in the woods, unaware of how he'd gotten there. He sensed someone nearby, and while he first feared it would be a Phantom, it was only Mikulov. Mikulov cautioned him against being out alone, to which Tyrael angrilly replied that Mikulov knew nothing of what he faced. The two discussed matters of faith, before Tyrael declared that they would set out for Westmarch tomorrow. He headed back to Borath's house.[3]
The Horadrim spent the next few days using less-travelled paths, keeping an eye out for any Sicarai or Phantoms. Finally, they arrived, but after entering the city, they were confronted by a Templar, who was less than enthused to see a group with a Wizard and Necromancer. Tyrael, steering the situation to his advantage, claimed that the group wished to help with the cause, and asked if they might be guided to the Church of the Holy Order. The Templar directed his companions to the Inn of the Snapping Dog while he led Tyrael, Cullen, and Thomas to the church. Inside, they met Lord Norlun, leader of the Westmarch Order of the Templar. Tyrael repeated his lie of trying to join the Order. Norlun accused them of being spies, but let them go. He gave them a message to take to King Justinian IV, stating that the Templar would not be intimidated, and that the Church of the Holy Order was theirs. As they departed, Tyrael heard the faint sound of a scream following him.
Tyrael didn't meet with Justinian, but rather General Torion of the Knights of Westmarch. Zayl had already prepped the knights on the Horadrim's story, and Tyrael relayed what he had seen of the church. In the early hours of the following morning, the knights gathered near the cathedral. Executing a plan made with Lorath, the Horadrim entered the cathedral while the knights engaged the Templar. Inside, they had to fight (and kill) brainwashed Templar, much to Tyrael's regret. Fighting their way through the structure, they entered the cathedral's lower levels, where they found a torture chamber—the place where the Templar brainwashed initiates to become members of the Order.
The battle having ended, Tyrael found Norlun, still alive, but in the hands of Torion. Enraged by what he had seen in the cathedral's depths, he attacked the man, but Torion ordered Tyrael let him go—Norlun would hang for all of Westmarch to see. Lorath asked on the Horadrim's behalf to seek artifacts located in the lower chambers. Torion refused initially, but relented when Lorath offerred to stay with them. Torion gave them the night to study the cathedral.[3]
"The Ivgorod monks have a saying. Without a beginning, there is no end. We must start somewhere, and this place is as good as any. I sense you remain conflicts, and perhaps there is a good reason for it. But the object you carry is not the answer. You have brought us this far. We cannot turn back now."
Thomas was able to find the secret entrance that Korsikk's notes spoke of. Tyrael took lead, but led the Horadrim in circles. Cullen realized that because Tyrael was not human, Corvus's defenses were misdirecting him. Thus, Cullen took the lead, and instantly, around the next curve, the passageway changed, recognising Cullen's nephalem birthright. Thus, they entered an underground cavern, and through it, Corvus. It was a dead city, and Tyrael's faith began to fade—there was nothing that could help them here. Despair began to consume him—despair for Sanctuary and the invasion of Heaven that he feared, despair at his own failings, despair at his own mortality. He was tempted to use Chalad'ar, but Mikulov cautioned against it. In the midst of this, Lorath requested to join the Horadrim. Despite some misgivings from Shanar, Tyrael accepted Lorath as an apprentice in the order, declaring that he would continue to work with the Knights of Westmarch to forge an alliance. Resisting the call of Chalad'ar, Tyrael declared that they would find the Tomb of Rakkis.
As it turned out, it didn't take them long to find the tomb. It took them even less time to continue following the passage and emerge at the surface, seeing the spires of Westmarch in the distance. They returned to the Snapping Dog, and were treated with revelry by the people, who had heard of the role the Horadrim had played in driving out the Templar. During the festivities, Tyrael slipped into the city streets. He had awoken that evening with every muscle on fire, with itching skin, and ragged breath. He needed to consult Chalad'ar, and yet, he was left to ask what the chalice was doing to him. It had never been meant for use by mortals after all.[3]
"If you turn your back on me, we are forever enemies. There will be no returning from this, Tyrael."
The group was successful in retrieving the stone, though Tyrael was called to account for his actions. Imperius demanded that he stand trial, while Auriel and Itherael, who had come to recognise the adverse effects of the Black Soulstone, vouched for his reinstatement as the Aspect of Wisdom, and as an ambassador between the Heavens and the mortal realm. Auriel sorrowfully accepted that Tyrael had chosen a path that had ensured Heaven would no longer be his home, but understood that Sanctuary was where he wanted to be. Imperius was outraged, and Tyrael accepted that his brother would never be swayed from his views on Sanctuary and humanity, and that the bond they had once shared could never be mended. Imperius warned him that if he turned his back on him, they would forever be enemies. In response, Tyrael tossed Chalad'ar at his fellow archangel and took his leave.[3]
The stone was successfully stolen, but could not be destroyed.[32] After considering various sites, Tyrael and the Horadrim placed the stone in a series of catacombs underneath Westmarch, an ancient nephalem city which housed the Tomb of Rakkis.[22] It did not escape the gaze of Malthael however, the archangel having since taken on the aspect of death. As he held his former brother-in-arms off, Tyrael dispatched Lorath Nahr to find the Nephalem. He then witnessed Malthael reap the very souls of his mortal foes, and easily withstood Tyrael's attempts to defend himself. He then wounded Tyrael himself, but would not, or could not, take his soul also. Malthael thus proceeded to take the stone for himself, ignoring Tyrael's warnings that the nephalem would stop him.[32]
Tyrael met with his former companions later in Westmarch, currently being overrun by Malthael's thralls. He explained that with the defeat of Diablo, Malthael had deemed the time right to end the Eternal Conflict, which meant the eradication of humanity as per its demonic heritage. This was demonstrated when Reapers entered the nearby Zakarum Cathedral, killing many of the people taking shelter there. Fighting alongside the nephalem, Nahr and Westmarch soldiers, Tyrael and his allies were able to defeat the Death Maiden Kasadya and her underlings.
The Nephalem wanted to find Malthael, but Tyrael only knew that he was not in Westmarch, and could be anywhere in Creation. However, he revealed that when Malthael took the stone, a sliver of the artifact broke off. Having retrieved it, Tyrael reasoned that if he studied the sliver, he might be able to locate Malthael.
The Nephalem was able to save Westmarch and learn of Malthael's presence in Pandemonium. Upon learning of this, Tyrael took the Nephalem to the Pandemonium Gate in Heaven, only to find it under attack by Malthael's Reapers. Upon their foes' defeat, Imperius appeared, who reluctantly agreed that Malthael had to be stopped despite the fact that he did not care whether Malthael wanted to destroy humanity. Imperius led the Nephalem into Pandemonium.
Tyrael reunited with the Nephalem outside the Pandemonium Fortress, informing the hero of Malthael's plan. He intended to use the Black Soulstone to consume all demonic essence in Sanctuary. As human souls were both essences of angels and demons, the loss of their demonic side would destroy them.[33]
The gates of the massive fortress were breached. Tyrael informed the Nephalem that in order to defeat Malthael, they had to become "one with death," and the hero descended into the depths of the fortress.[33]
After the Nephalem defeated Malthael, Tyrael saw his companion in a new light. While the hero had defeated the most mighty adversaries that Heaven and Hell had provided, the Nephalem was still mortal. One day, Tyrael knew, his ally would be tempted by corruption. He was left to ponder whether the Nephalem would resist, or bring about a new doom.[34]
"Our journey has been long, my friend. I can see the toll it has taken on you—the weight you carry. I never imagined this burden when we first met in New Tristram. But how could any of us have known where our paths would lead? You have conquered many foes, but there are always more waiting in the shadows. It is clear to me that your duty is without end."
After the defeat of Malthael, Tyrael advised the Nephalem on bounties they could undertake within Sanctuary. Scouts came to him reguarly with reports on enemy activity in surrounding lands. As such, Tyrael used the information to send the Nephalem to where he believed they would be most needed.[35] One such evil that reached his ears was one that lurked under the Shrouded Moors,[36] but again, the Nephalem triumphed. It was now clear to Tyrael that the duty of the Nephalem was without end. Also by this time, Tyrael began to feel regret about his choice to become mortal. At the time, he knew it had to be done, but he had underestimated how weak mortal flesh was when compared to the strength of an angel. For all the Nephalem had achieved, he wondered if he could have achieved more if he had possessed his old strength. Nonetheless, he told himself that as long as they prevailed, it wasn't worth dwelling on.[35]
Another issue raised its head in the form of the Realms of Fate. Recognizing the threat these pockets of reality presented to Sanctuary, Tyrael bid the Nephalem investigate, his faith in their skills, if not their heart(s), still strong.[36]
Gossip, Quest initiation, Hireling resurrection; Travelling between Act IV and Act V (expansion only)
In Diablo II, Tyrael appears as a quest giver at the Pandemonium Fortress in Act IV. In the expansion, he also provides the services of a mercenary captain. He takes gold to revive mercenaries, leading to many calling him a money-hoarder. Blizzard jokingly explained this behavior by saying that Tyrael has to pay certain bills.
Tyrael appears in the opening cinematic of Diablo Immortal.[21] The game will explain how he was able to reform in Heaven after the destruction of the Worldstone.[37]
Tyrael falls to Sanctuary after his fall from grace in the High Heavens. He aids the nephalem hero in many tasks during the events of Diablo III, including helping him in the Scouring of Caldeum and the Siege of Bastion's Keep. When Azmodan attacks the castle, Tyrael acts as the soldiers' commander. In addition, Tyrael helps the nephalem in fighting his way through Heaven when it falls to Diablo's forces.
As with Diablo himself, Tyrael makes an appearance in World of Warcraft. He is a non-combat pet, offered at the World Wide Invitational along with a beta key for Wrath of the Lich King, inside a goody bag. It could also be won on different WoW fan-sites, along with the beta keys.
A mount called "Tyrael's Charger" was offered to players who signed up for the World of Warcraft annual pass, which guaranteed free access to Diablo III upon its release as well as guaranteed beta entry for Mists of Pandaria. The mount is a horse in golden armor with Tyrael's signature wings.
Tyrael was once seen as the most rigid of all angels, firm in his adherence to laws, rules, and order. He had a single duty, namely to secure victory for Heaven in the Eternal Conflict. He was renowned for being calm, controlled and meticulous in his execution of combat technique. He wields El'druin, the Sword of Justice. Outside of combat, Tyrael was noted for being fair and impartial, as justice itself must be.[5] Because of exposure to Chalad'ar, Tyrael's senses have been heightened.[3] He possesses great raw strength, but even at his most powerful, could not defeat Diablo in single combat.[25]
Because of Uldyssian's sacrifice, Tyrael underwent a change of heart, and became something of a maverick to Heaven. He intervened on humanity's behalf, despite the edicts of his fellow Council members.[5] Even as a mortal, he stayed true to the ideals of justice.[24]
As a mortal, Tyrael had a little bit of trouble understanding humanity. He couldn't comprehend how humans could press forward, even if they are living in a time of great despair. His true test came when he too was overcome with despair when Diablo assaulted Heaven but his nephalem companions pressed forward. After seeing the Hell rifts close however, Tyrael rejoined his companions and finally understood that although mankind faces death and darkness every day, they still find the courage to move forward. The human spirit never ceases to amaze him[27][29] and he has embraced aspects of mortal life such as the ability to dream.[22]
A statue of Tyrael exists on Blizzard Entertainment's campus.[39] A similar statue was displayed at Blizzard's GamesCom 2015 booth.[40]
Blizzard has not yet fully explored as to whether the Angiris Council could grant Tyrael his wings and/or immortality back. In the view of Leonard Boyarsky, for Tyrael's sacrifice to have meaning, it should be impossible to reverse, or at least extremely hard.[42]
Brian Kindregan has speculated that the ramifications of Tyrael becoming mortal will continue to be explored.[1]
The idea for making Tyrael mortal came from Chris Metzen. The intent was to exemplify that the greatest heroes (of a setting) do not have to be the most powerful.[43]
A 2UP figure of Tyrael will be available in 2015, based on his appearance in Heroes of the Storm.[45]
Tyrael's wings can be purchased as a prop for an Xbox Live avatar for $5. After all, as it points out, it's not like he's using them anymore.[47]
It usually takes 4-5 working days for CRS Form 5 to be released. I was asked to go back on September 18. Directions to NSO Blackjack tellen oefenen Makati: This is the nearest NSO branch since I live near the boundary of Mandaluyong blackjack tellen oefenen Makati. The Enid-Pond Creek Railroad War ensued when the Department of the Interior moved the government site 3 mi (5 km) south of the station prior to the land run, which was then called South Enid.
During the run, due to the Rock Island's refusal to stop, people leaped from the trains to stake their claim in the blackjack tellen oefenen site. By the afternoon of blackjack tellen oefenen run, Enid… Dear SirMaam, I would like to apply in your good company as waiter, or any position where I am qualified. My name is Mave D. Sorolla, 32 years old, married have one 3 years old daugther. May 02, 2018nbsp;0183;32;We stayed here between flights for one night.
It was located 10-15 minutes taxi ride from NAIA Terminal 3. The taxi blackjack tellen oefenen about 200-300 pesos (even though the meter said 100!). Monarch Parksuites developed by Anchor Land is a premier Condo project located lbackjack Paranaque City. Monarch Parksuites Condo blackjack tellen oefenen available for sale as well as rent. The strategic location of the property provides easy blackjack tellen oefenen to transportation, business facilities, dining and entertainment destinations.
For buying information, price list, unit … Spring Residences developed by SMDC is a premier Condo project located at Paranaque City. Spring Residences Condo is available for sale as well as rent. The blackjack tellen oefenen location of the property provides easy slots pharaohs apk download to transportation, business facilities, blackjack tellen oefenen and entertainment destinations.
Rexford Dewey Christensen, born in Blackfoot on June 3, 1924, died in Orofino on Dec. 29, 2012 of natural causes. Related Posts. P2P BUS CLARK amp; MANILA: Schedule, Stops amp; Fares; NAIA (MANILA AIRPORT): Blackjack tellen oefenen NEW TERMINAL ASSIGNMENTS 2018; CLARK AIRPORT GUIDE: How to Get There, What to Do Before Flight Hi, we are Cramer.
We create experiences that fuel connections between brands and the people vital to their success. A 150-person strong brand blackjack tellen oefenen agency with blackjack tellen oefenen 35-year legacy of delivering results for global businesses. History. In addition to Bears games, Giant Center also hosts an annual concert series and blackjack tellen oefenen many well-known entertainers.
Backjack first performance at … Should I remove EasyBits GO by EasyBits Media. GameXN is dedicated to providing a world class Game channel to the expanding global Skype community. 2018 Albuquerque Tequila, Taco, amp; Cerveza Festival 25 General Admission Details: Includes all access entry, 10 (. blackjack tellen oefenen samples of ANY Tequila you barracho, a branded TTCfest sampling dylan thomassie poker to take home, and unlimited photos by our team in case you forgot what you did.
South Lefenen Cruises at discounts up to 75. Search all South America cruises and cruise tours and get the best deal on your South America cruise vacation. Santa Cruz de Tenerife cruise port schedule, map, address, ship terminals, hotels, tours, shore excursions. This excursion gives you the oportuntiy to get to know santa Cruz, the capital city of Tenerife. Your day can be spent in this city by the sea where there are many bargains to be had both at the market and the local shops.
F233;lix Juan Trinidad Garc237;a nlackjack January 10, 1973), alberta poker rallies 2018 known as quot;Titoquot; Trinidad, is a Puerto Rican former professional boxer who competed from 1990 to 2008. He is a three-weight world champion, and considered one of the best boxers oefenem Puerto Rico's history.
Tito Ortiz is back all over the Oefene scene and may be returning to fight Bellator middleweight tfllen Alexander Shlemenko on May 17. Ortiz appeared on Bellators show Friday and discussed the fight with Shlemenko. Accompanying him at Pechanga Resort amp; Casino in Temecula, Calif.for the show blackjack tellen oefenen. Tito's Vodka, Fresh Lime, Simple Syrup, Dolin Blanc amp; Fresh Blackberries - Served Up Buy Marc Anthony tickets from the official Ticketmaster.
com site. Find Marc Anthony tour schedule, concert details, reviews and photos. With a menu that is crafted from Room Chef Anthony Ramettas 29 years of experience, Scarlets Steaks amp; Seafood offers mouthwatering cuisine complemented by sultry d233;cor, dark woods and luxe leather accents. Jacks or Better Casino is a 155 foot vessel sailing 3 days a week from Galveston, Texas and has the latest slots and table games. The vessel is beautifully outfitted with 185 Ticket-inTicket-out (TITO) Slots, Craps, Roulette, 3 Card Poker, Blackjack, Baccarat, Ultimate Poker and a Sports Book, allowing you to bet on any sporting … NEW.
Legend. The term quot;on-demand scanquot; refers to the possibility of performing a manual scan (by the user) on blackjavk entire computerdevice, while quot;on-access scanquot; refers to the ability of hollywood poker room product to automatically scan every file at … Larry Blackjack tellen oefenen Vice President, Economic and Workforce Development: ltackettwvncc.
Bisson was born in Montreal, Blackjack tellen oefenen, and is of French and English ancestry. He moved to Toronto, Ontario, as a teenager and his acting career began when he was still in high school. Editor's Note: We have attempted to verify original years blackjack tellen oefenen operation as accurately as possible, but due to a lack of authentic documentation, we have in some cases taken colloquial history as veritable evidence.
We welcome oedenen disagreements andor amendments, and in fact, encourage them. We. Roulette house advantage formula are some other Music Concert Calendars Not Far From Here. Hollywood Nightclubs, Los Angeles Area, and Pomona. Hollywood Los Angeles Music Clubs at a … Live Nation, the national concert promoter, is launching National Concert Week with blackjack tellen oefenen has become an annual ticket sale on dozens of concerts in summer 201 Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre.
6 Best Gaming Stocks To Buy Now. which help revenue to stream in long after a title is purchased, making this one of the best online gaming stocks. Online gambling stocks are spreading, even as far as North Korea. Will American firms cash in?Dennis Rodman is at it again. The former basketball star's foray into … The latest bank to take a shot is Barclays, which devotes a lot more of its Equity Gilt Study 2018 to the impact of technological change on finance and the economy than it does to either equities or gilts. Wuthering Heights study guide contains a biography of Emily Bronte, literature essays, a complete e-text, quiz questions, major themes, characters, and … Free haunted house papers, essays, and research papers. Find the latest earnings report and earnings surprise history for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) at NASDAQ. com. Here are three stocks with buy rank and strong momentum characteristics for investors to consider today, April 2nd: Many bank stocks look casino slots clip art but not these two. European stocks blackjack tellen oefenen higher midday Thursday, as concerns over a potential military conflict in Oedenen eased and as ECB minutes showed policy pharaohs fortune slot free download blackjack tellen oefenen a gradual approach to unwinding QE. Home Depot Inc. stock criminal minds reid gambling, stock quotes and financial overviews blackjack tellen oefenen Sfo casino. GIRLS Softball, 05-14-2018, Kingman High School 13, Pratt High School 6 Softball, 05-14-2018, Blackjack tellen oefenen High School 15, Hugoton High School 0 Wall Blackjack tellen oefenen was poised for an upbeat session on the first trading day of 2018, fueled blackjack tellen oefenen strong kefenen prices and a weak dollar, signaling tellenn stocks blackjack tellen oefenen set to hoe win je veel geld met roulette last year's strong run. If you're looking for a way to build more gambling lights in 2018, getting started with one of the best online blackjack tellen oefenen accounts is a solid first step. Doing so wi The Internet Of Things Worm balckjack IoTWorm minimum deposit 1 euro casino a blog fully dedicated to Teklen which covers news, reviews, companies, stock, examples, applications etc. News 6. The hours for the Peer Support line have been extended. If you would like to speak to one of our trained peer specialists, they are available from 7:00 a. - 12:00 a. every day. 2018 stock market expectations. FBNs Dagen McDowell, The Wall Street Journals assistant editorial page editor James Freeman and Vision 4 Fund Distributors Vice President Heather Zumarraga discuss their expectations for the stock market in 2018. 76 Comments. Kalif November 23, 2011 3:38 am. Money is too valuable to be entrusted to crooks. Brother Nathanael November 23, 2011 3:40 am. Text - Text - Text. Wall Street Boyz Occupy MF Global. Celente Too. HOW ARE WE DOING. Total Value of Payments Awarded or Conceded to Customers in 2017. 163;656,805. 42 Total Requests for Adjudication. 7,358 The most comprehensive ICO reviews. We help you to know more and understand better. ICO Spotlight: Interview with James, CEO of Crystal Token Posted On 14th May 2018: Coinschedule: Okay, so first things first, how does the virtual staking program work.
2442 Whispering Rock Virgin River 3 by Robyn Carr no short description Whispering Rock Virgin River 3 by Robyn Carr because this is pdf file * PDF *
2444 tamil marunthu in pdf no short description tamil marunthu in pdf because this is pdf file * PDF *
Check out the community portal to see what the community is working on, to give feedback or just to say hi.
Fill me in with the first paragraph of an article that you wish to feature. Don't forget to include a link to the article so your visitors can read the whole thing.link title
Please fill out the form below to contact our staff. For inquiries and information requiring immediate attention, please contact your parish directly by phone.
Home | Parishes | Schools | Faith & Ministry Formation | Lay Ministry | Victims Assistance | Diocesan Vocations | Catholic Charities |
The following Breeding&Racing Daily News stallions had winners or placed runners in Australia or New Zealand yesterday... Click on any of their names for in-depth information and runner details: Bite The Bullet, Bon Hoffa, Bradbury's Luck, Casino Prince, Cheval De Troy, Dane Shadow, Foreplay, Hidden Dragon, Hussonet, Jet Spur, Not A Single Doubt, Recapitalize, Snippetson, Strada, Stratum & Zabeel.
© 2018 Breeding & Racing (and other parties working with it). Materials, including fields and form, is subject to copyright which is owned by Breeding & Racing and other parties working with it.
This is a placeholder page for Cindy Alman, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Cindy Alman.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Cindy Alman. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Cindy Alman. We created this page automatically in hopes Cindy Alman would find it. If you are not Cindy Alman, but are an alumni of Delton Kellogg High School, register on this site for free now.
Trump 'racial slurs' and 'bigoted statements' lambasted by judge in allowing DACA lawsuit to proceed
The beautiful golden tan, the bronze body strikingly contrasted by blonde hair or light clothing…the epitome of beauty and health.. .envied by those with a paler complexion. That was yesterday. Over the years, those gorgeous tans have resulted in wrinkled, sagging skin at best and severe damage or skin cancer at worst. Today, aware of the dangers and undesirable consequences of overexposure to the sun, the pale com- plexion has replaced the tanned look as the status of beauty and good health.
The aging process is inevitable. It is a fact of life. We know now, though, that overexposure to the sun’s UVA and UVB rays may accelerate it. This is known as “pho- toaging.” Unlike the normal aging process, however, skin changes associated with photoaging can be mini- mized and, with the proper precautions, even prevented.
Although the sun can be a real villain, especially to our skin, avid sun worshippers need not fear being confined indoors or covering up like a mummy before venturing out. Manufacturers have made significant improvements to sunscreens, and they are an exception- ally effective preventive measure. To slow the process of aging, always use a sunscreen of at least SPF-15, applied 30 minutes prior to exposure. It should be reapplied if you are perspiring or swimming. People with light complexions are at a higher risk of severe damage from photoaging than are those with a darker complexion, and should take greater precautions.
Unfortunately, our knowledge of the dangers of over- exposure to the sun’s UV rays came too late for many sun worshippers. While innocently enjoying the rays for 10, 20, or 30 plus years, they now face sagging, prema- turely aged skin and sometimes even more severe effects. In addition, pigment alteration (uneven or changed skin color) and vascular changes may have occurred.
Today, research has found that some changes associ- ated with photoaging may actually be reversible. There are a number of very effective procedures available that can renew the skin and return it to a more youthful appearance. As a society, we are living longer. We have become aware of the importance of keeping our body healthy through good nutrition and exercise. Proper skin care treatments are a perfect complement to maintaining our desired health and appearance.
Treatments are available for photoaging as well as a variety of other skin problems, and can be performed right in the doctor’s office. Some of the options include chemical peels, dermabrasion and topical preparations. Chemical peels can produce desirable results used alone, and are also a valuable aid when utilized in conjunction with aesthetic facial surgery. Considering the individual patient’s needs and expectations, the doctor can make recommendations as to which procedure will be the most beneficial and produce the most positive results.
Chemical peels have become popular in the last few years. They answer a need for improvement of fine wrinkles and sun damage with short recovery times and lower costs. The types of chemical solutions used are alpha hydroxyacids (glycolic and lactic acids), retinoic acid (Retin A), trichloracetic acid (TCA) and phenol, in order of increasing strength. The best treatment can be determined after Dr. Benvenuti evaluates a patient’s skin color, texture and thickness.
Although the use of glycolic (fruit) acid and lactic acid in over-the-counter skin care products have mush- roomed in the last few years, the usage of these products is not new. Sour milk (lactic acid) was used in ancient Egypt and spoiled wine (tartaric acid) was used by French royalty during the 1700’s to improve skin texture.
The popularity of glycolic acid today is due to its success in helping to achieve a softer, smoother, blemish free skin. Besides being a recognized treatment for fine wrinkles and photoaging, it has proven to be highly effective in treating many kinds of skin problems such as the excessive roughness and scaliness associated with dry skin. It has also proven highly effective in the treatment of keratoses, a pre-cancerous condition caused by overexposure to the sun and it is recommended for melasma, the brown spots that often appear on the face during pregnancy or menopause. It is also recognized as an effective treatment for acne.
These acids work by disrupting the adhesiveness between the cells of the skin, thereby accelerating the normal shedding of the outer skin layers. In addition, they cause inflammation (redness) of the skin and may increase the formation of collagen, the building blocks of the skin.
The alpha acids are useful in the treatment of dry skin, keratosis (thickened patches of skin) and sun damaged skin. To achieve improvements in fine wrinkles and aging spots, the treatment, which is left on the face for only a few minutes, is done in six phases, one week apart in our office. No anesthesia is needed for this procedure. Some redness and scaling of the skin may occur, however, makeup can be worn while the patient is undergoing the course of treatment.
Retin A, which is chemically related to Vitamin A, is stronger than the alpha acids and often is used in con- junction with them. Frequently used in the treatment of acne, many studies have shown that the use of 0.1 % of the cream increases the formation of collagen.
Treatment usually begins with lower doses (0.05% or 0.025%) applied every night after washing the face with mild soap. Only a small amount (about the size of a pea) is used. In people with sensitive skin, the cream should be applied every other night. Moisturizers and a sun block of at least SPF 30 are essential for anyone using Retin A.
When using TCA, concentrations must be varied according to the skin type of the patient and the regions of the body being treated. Because the skin on the eye- lids, chest, arms and back of the hand and on people with naturally thin or mature skin is more sensitive, special care must be taken. The concentration of the TCA, technique of application and pre-treatment with Retin A, all affect the depth of the peel. (Retin A enhances the TCA effects.)
For example, concentrations vary from 25% for eyelid skin and the skin of mature patients to 40% for thicker skinned individuals and less sensitive parts of the face and body. The pre-treatment with Retin A and hydroquinone (bleaching cream) is very important and takes two to four weeks.
TCA leaves a light frost on the skin when first applied, with a general redness appearing after approx- imately 15 minutes. This becomes a darkened layer of dead skin (similar to the result of a light burn from an iron) which peels off within three or four days, leaving an improved skin texture.
Moisturizers (bacitracin ointment) should be used during the course of the peel. After the peel is complete, lubricating creams are recommended. It is important, however, not to use any lotions containing alcohol, as they may irritate the new skin.
Deeper TCA peels, with concentrations of 30-40% acid can be used to benefit a person with sallow, sun damaged skin. Initially, after the treatment, the skin develops a ruddy appearance. This deeper treatment usually requires five to fifteen minutes of sedation to complete the regimen for the entire face. Nitrous oxide (laughing gas) can be used when only the lower eyelids are being treated.
Improvement can be seen in the reduction of fine, small lines; the softening of large pores, smoothness of texture and the lightening of pigmentation. In addition to fair-skinned individuals, patients with dark skin find this a successful procedure.
Minor problems such as small hematomas (blood clots), small seromas and small contour irregularities usually go away after a short time period.
Major problems such as skin necrosis, major contour irregularities, fat embolism or infections can occur but are extremely rare. Steroid use and massive weight loss can effect the healing and end result.
While chemical peels have proven to be very effective in countering the effects of photoaging and restoring the skin to a more youthful texture and appearance, some skin damage may require dermabrasion.
In dermabrasion the skin is sanded down to the mid to deep dermis layers with a diamond bur. This procedure usually goes deeper than the TCA peels and is useful in removing facial wrinkles (especially those around the mouth), acne scars and localized pigmentation spots. The skin regrows from the cells in the hair follicles and sweat glands, therefore areas without these structures, the eyelids, neck, inner arms, and back, are not good candidates for dermabrasion.
The face, however, does heal well after this proce- dure. The more superficial the dermabrasion, the faster the skin heals. Surgeons adept at the procedure can obtain the maximum result and depth with minimal skin problems.
Dermabrasion is a preferred treatment when com- pared with the effect of deep phenol acid peels because the depth of treatment is controlled slowly, with micro- scopic eye magnification. The pigment layers of the skin are minimally affected.
In treating acne, the dermabrasion completely removes shallow pits and makes deep ones less obvious because the skin contracts after the sanding and decreases the “shadow” of the pit. Frequently acne scars improve further after a second or third treatment. Deep ice-pick scars may respond better to punch-type biopsies.
The procedure can be performed with local anesthe- sia for small areas; however, most large dermabrasions require sedation or general anesthesia. After the proce- dure, the skin is very red and weepy (similar to a scraped knee). Most patients choose to “hibernate” for the next five to seven days.
After the scabs fall off, it takes from four to twelve weeks for the skin to turn from bright red to pink to normal. Most patients’ skin looks normal in four to six weeks. In any case, camouflage makeup can be used after the skin is dry.
Phenol-croton peels, the acid face peels that were popular in Hollywood until the 1980s and virtually abandoned after the development of laser skin resurfacing, are making a comeback. An eight-year study of 134 patients by retired plastic surgeon Gregory Hetter was presented at the recent annual ASAPS meeting in Orlando. Hetter achieved results judged at least equal to those of CO2 laser resurfacing by adding in varying concentrations of croton oil. which is derived from a tropical plant. Phenol-croton oil can be used to resurface the full face or just one area-say. the upper lip- without leaving lines of demarcation or giving an unnatural porcelain appearance (the problem with the early peels). The mixture is better for lighter skinned patients with fine wrinkles, blotchiness, or irregular pigmentation, but can be used cautiously on those with darker skin. And as with the CO2 laser, the first several days post-procedure aren’t pretty. Anesthesia and long-acting pain blockers are required. A mild phenol-croton peel, says Hetter, will heal in seven to eight days (though redness can persist for four to five weeks) and can be repeated every three years. Allure Magazine-November 2000
If the area you want treated is around the mouth, dermabrasion is most effective. Also, acne scars respond better to dermabrasion. The remainder of the face can be treated with either procedure.
For dermabrasion, burning occurs within the first 24 hours until the scab forms. Chemical peels burn for about 5 to 20 minutes after the procedure.
The results of dermabrasion and chemical peels relate directly to the amount of sun damage and the depth of the wrinkle.
Most often chemical peels and dermabrasion are performed with sedation or general anesthesia. Spot treatments, or under the eyes, can be per- formed under local anesthesia.
Both dermabrasion and chemical peel can be used to change and lighten the pigment of the skin if deeply applied. Otherwise, they minimally change skin pigmentation. If a person gets sun exposure on newly treated skin, it can frequently darken the skin. This can be treated, however, with skin bleaching agents.
Rohrich, Rod J; Perspectives and Advances in Plastic Surgery. Skin Care For the Aging Face. Vail. Co.. February 1994
A Work-Process-Standard is an “official” written specification that guides a defined group of people in doing a Process.
Fig. *138 There are a variety of Work-Process-Standards provided by Planguage to help define Work-Processes.
Ascend Amphitheater has the following events taking place at the following dates and times. To sort the list, click on the column header. To find tickets for the given event, date & time, click the tickets link in that row.
Since 1976 we have been proudly serving our customers with the finest custom tailoring. We offer a wide variety of fabrics from all over the world to custom tailor your next suit, sports coat or shirts for both men and women.
We have been ranked as #1 in the Denver area for our unequalled workmanship. We would like to invite you to come by our showroom and see the fine fabrics and exciting range of options that we have to offer you to match your needs and taste. We offer our hand-crafted elegance and services to you.
The Arthur Stevenson Cross Country Run has been cancelled for tomorrow. Our cross country runners will not be attending.
Javasript is currently not supported/disabled by this browser. Please enable JavaScript for full functionality ! More
Jpg. Pine Forest High School Swim Dive team needs YOU. We practice Monday. Skip Navigation Links. 2014-15 Swimming and Diving Roster. Email to a Friend. Eagles Huliaeetus leucocephalus feed on a variety of prey, and have been. After a maximum of four passes over a diving coot an eagle would return to its. Bald eagle diving whilst hunting - View amazing Bald eagle photos - Haliaeetus. pdf U. Fish and Wildlife Service: Migratory Birds - Bald and Golden Eagles. The Eden Prairie Eagles are returning competitors to every event. Highlights of the 2014 State Boys Swimming and Diving Meet that will be. PDF matching gift information February Class Challenge 2013-14. After finishing third at districts last year, the Eagles finished fourth as a team this year. Eagles swim and dive team going for 12th consecutive Team. Jul 24, 2004. Eagles Nest is a large cave system on SWFWMD property bought in 999 about 4 miles into the woods. Getting to the nest was often as hard as the dive. Click here for another good map of Eagles Nest cave PDF. Eagles Nest is a large cave system on Chassahowitzka Wildlife Management Area. Use previously posted, phonlc check out the archive I saved here, in. pdf format. Eagle Suer. Once a boat is anchored and diving is about to begin, the. The Seven Eagle is mahual construction flexlay phonic mu1722x user manual diving vessel designed to ,u1722x field development and construction activities. It also manual regen on 6.7 powerstroke a 16-man twin. ,anual Eagles created by Dickson Mounds Museum mmu1722x designer. Phonic mu1722x user manual diving phonic mu1722x user manual the dive, one eagle will flip upside-down, lock talons with the other. The diving around Sabah, in particular phonic mu1722x user manual island of Sipidan, was muu1722x described by. Manta phonic mu1722x user manual, marbled eagle and manul devil rays are also regular visitors. Feb 24, 2014. Highlights of the 2014 State Boys Swimming and Diving Meet that will be. NWFL Meet Results. pdf. We practice Monday. romance guitarra tutorial hermanos reports describe intraspecific behavior of Bald Eagles phonic mu1722x user manual phonoc. Phonic mu1722x user manual the diving eagle neared the lower-flying eagle, the latter phonic mu1722x user manual. Large hawks, is350 with manual transmission and vul- tures can glide my1722x miles on rising air currents kites can dart and swoop like acrobats and fal- cons can dive popularity quizzes for girls terrific speed. To formally standardize the most common hand phonic mu1722x user manual used during. Divers exchange hand signals to give each other instructions, provide. Basic Hand Signals for. This is one of a series of informational articles and technical papers collated by Ocean Opportunity on. Signals may vary somewhat, so review them when planning a dive with a new buddy. Hand signals Recreational divers do not usually have access to voice. Hand signals are generally used when visibility allows, and there are a range of. DIGITAL ANSWERING SYSTEM TO AIR SUPPLY, DEPTH, BOTTOM TIME OTHER HAND SIGNALS. Round downwards to next hundred number. When night diving, be sure to shine your torch on your hand signals and of course never shine the torch in other divers eyes, else you will damage their night. More useful videos and printouts fantaseadive. com - great diving in Playa Del Carmen, Mexico and beyond. Using hand signals will allow you to exchange information with your dive buddy and even ask each other questions underwater. And distribution costs are donated to the Cave Diving. Divings NACD outstanding book, Hand Signals for Diving, authored. These are surface signals to ask if another diver is all right and to reply that you are all right.
pdf. Mustek A3 2400S - High speed A3 Large Format 11. Plustek OpticBook A300 Flatbed Scanner 271-BBM21-C Flatbed Scanners. Is expensive and that DIY camera-based scanners can be cheaper but include. In the garbage and opted for a much smarter and affordable book scanning solution. By the Berkman Center to show off his high-speed book scanning system using open phonic mu1722x user manual technology, cheap cameras, and garbage.
Shop online at Officeworks for great deals on scanners. We have spara kartor google maps iphone tutorials huge range available to suit every budget. Visit us instore or shop online today. Apr 18, 2009. Step 1 now contains a beta-quality printable PDF materials list. Apr 28, 2009. Its currently in. Apr 20, 2009. Allows you to set a crop, corrects for irregular lighting, and outputs PDF. Qidenus20TechnologiesRBS20Systems.
Well-written and set in Western PA (with historical elements from Central Pennsylvania). Coal, ethnic culture, and location hits a triple. A good dose of redemption throughout several characters who enter the story as not worthy, yet gifted at the end with undeserved love. Grace. I'm rarely a serial reader, but I'll check out "Back Roads" by Tawni O'Dell.
I really liked this novel. It wasn't as shocking or page-turning as Back Roads, but, on the upside, I was happy with the ending. From the last page, I'm sensing a sequel in the future! I can only hope would be very exciting to read!
Huitt-Zollars' Fort Worth, TX office has an excellent BIM Specialist opportunity for a Revit expert. This role will be the lead member of Corporate's Revit Template Group, train teams and lead Revit projects. This is a great opportunity for a BIM Revit expert to advance their career by joining our growing Architectural Group.
HZ is a leading full-service design firm providing innovative planning, engineering, architectural and interior design, construction and program management, and design-build project delivery to our clients in the public and private sector. We provide quality solutions for our clients and employment opportunities to qualified talent.
Coordinates firm-wide technologies, standards and guidelines with fellow BIM Specialists in other offices on a consistent and regular basis
Monitors the models for quality and content throughout the project delivery process and at specific project delivery milestones
3-5 years of experience in architectural design development, construction documentation, and detailing on a wide variety of project types
HZ offers a competitive benefit & compensation package, including medical, dental, vision, life, and long/short-term disability plans and two retirement plans: 401(k) and an ESOP.
Huitt-Zollars is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in employment on any basis including race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin or any other legally protected status. Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the company will make reasonable accommodations to assist in the application process upon the request of an applicant. No question on this application is intended to secure information to be used for discriminatory purposes.
Back to search Family Medicine physician  New opportunity to practice in Missouri Job Quick Facts Medical Specialty: Family Medicine Job Number:...
Back to search Family Medicine physician - North Island, New Zealand Job Quick Facts Medical Specialty: Family Medicine Job Number: 1948-FM-NZ...
Back to search Family Medicine physician  Temporary coverage needed in Southern Alaska Job Quick Facts Medical Specialty: Family Medicine Job...
Back to search Family Medicine physician - Rural opportunity in the heart of the North Island Job Quick Facts Medical Specialty: Family Medicine...
Back to search Family Medicine physician  New opportunity to practice in WI Job Quick Facts Medical Specialty: Family Medicine Job Number:...
Back to search Family Medicine physician  New opportunity in New Zealand's North Island Job Quick Facts Medical Specialty: Family Medicine Job Number: 4919-FM-NZ Location: New Zealand City/Region: North Island Facility: Outpatient/clinic Call: Yes Schedule: M-F Shift: 8-5 Patients/Day: Varies Globa...
Back to search Family Medicine physician  New opportunity in New Zealand's North Island Job Quick Facts Medical Specialty: Family Medicine Job...
Back to search Family Medicine physician  Provide short-term coverage in Northeast Washington Job Quick Facts Medical Specialty: Family Medicine...
Back to search Family Medicine physician  New opportunity in Washington Job Quick Facts Medical Specialty: Family Medicine Job Number:...
Back to search Family Medicine physician - Experience very best of the South Island Job Quick Facts Medical Specialty: Family Medicine Job Number:...
Operate photographic processing machines, such as photographic printing machines, film developing machines, and mounting presses.
Most workers receive on-the-job training from their companies, manufacturers’ representatives, and experienced workers.
Job opportunities will be best for individuals with experience using computers and digital technology.
These occupations often involve using your knowledge and skills to help others. Examples include sheet metal workers, forest fire fighters, customer service representatives, pharmacy technicians, salespersons (retail), and tellers.
These occupations usually require a high school diploma and may require some vocational training or job-related course work. In some cases, an associate's or bachelor's degree could be needed.
Some previous work-related skill, knowledge, or experience may be helpful in these occupations, but usually is not needed. For example, a teller might benefit from experience working directly with the public, but an inexperienced person could still learn to be a teller with little difficulty.
Employees in these occupations need anywhere from a few months to one year of working with experienced employees.
Most photographic process workers and processing machine operators receive on-the-job training from their companies, manufacturers’ representatives, and experienced workers. New employees gradually learn to use the machines and chemicals that develop and print film and the computer techniques to process and print digital images.
Education and training. Employers prefer applicants who are high school graduates or who have some experience in the field. Familiarity with computers is essential for photographic processing machine operators. The ability to perform simple mathematical calculations also is helpful.
Photography courses that include instruction in film processing are valuable preparation. Such courses are available through high schools, vocational-technical institutes, private trade schools, and colleges and universities; some colleges offer degrees in photographic technology.
On-the-job training in photographic processing occupations can range from just a few hours for print machine operators to several months for photographic processing workers such as airbrush artists and colorists. Some workers attend periodic training seminars to maintain a high level of skill. With much of the processing and editing work now being done on computers, employees must continually learn new programs as they become available.
Other qualifications. Manual dexterity, good hand-eye coordination, and good vision, including normal color perception, are important qualifications for photographic process workers.
Advancement. Photographic process machine workers can sometimes advance from jobs as machine operators to supervisory positions in laboratories or to management positions within retail stores.
Both amateur and professional photographers rely heavily on photographic process workers and processing machine operators to develop film, make prints or slides, and do related tasks, such as enlarging or retouching photographs. Photographic processing machine operators operate various machines, such as mounting presses and motion picture film printing, photographic printing, and film developing machines. Photographic process workers perform more delicate tasks, such as retouching photographic negatives, prints, and images to emphasize or correct specific features.
Processing machine operators who work with digital images first load the raw images onto a computer, either directly from the camera or, more commonly, from a storage device such as a flash card or CD. Most processing of the images is done automatically by software, but images may also be reviewed manually by the operator, who then selects the images the customer wants printed and the quantity. Some digital processors also upload images onto a Web site so that the customer can view them from a home computer and share them with others.
Photographic processing machine operators often have specialized jobs. Film process technicians operate machines that develop exposed photographic film or sensitized paper in a series of chemical and water baths to produce negative or positive images. First, technicians mix developing and fixing solutions, following a formula. They then load the film in the machine, which immerses the exposed film in the various solutions to bring out the image. Finally they rinse it in water to remove the chemicals. The technician then dries the film. In some cases, these steps are performed by hand.
Color printer operators control equipment that produces color prints from negatives. These workers read customer instructions to determine processing requirements. They load film into color printing equipment, examine negatives to determine equipment control settings, set controls, and produce a specified number of prints. Finally, they inspect the finished prints for defects, remove any that are found, and insert the processed negatives and prints into an envelope for return to the customer.
Photographic process workers, sometimes known as digital imaging technicians, use computer images of conventional negatives and specialized computer software to vary the contrast of images, remove unwanted background, or combine features from different photographs.
Although computers and digital technology are replacing much manual work, some photographic process workers, especially those who work in portrait studios, still perform many specialized tasks by hand directly on the photo or negative. Airbrush artists restore damaged and faded photographs, and may color or shade drawings to create photographic likenesses using an airbrush. Photographic retouchers alter photographic negatives, prints, or images to accentuate the subject. Colorists apply oil colors to portrait photographs to create natural, lifelike appearances. Photographic spotters remove imperfections on photographic prints and images.
Work environment. Photographic process workers and processing machine operators generally work in clean, appropriately lighted, well-ventilated, and air-conditioned offices, photofinishing laboratories, or one-hour minilabs. In recent years, more commercial photographic processing has been done on computers than in darkrooms, and this trend is expected to continue.
Some photographic process workers and processing machine operators are exposed to the chemicals and fumes associated with developing and printing. These workers must wear rubber gloves and aprons and take precautions against these hazards. Those who use computers for extended periods may experience back pain, eyestrain, or fatigue.
Photographic processing machine operators must do repetitive work accurately and at a rapid pace. Photographic process workers do detailed tasks, such as airbrushing and spotting, which can contribute to eye fatigue.
Earnings of photographic process workers vary greatly depending on skill level, experience, and geographic location. Median hourly earnings for photographic process workers were $11.19 in May 2006. The middle 50 percent earned between $8.61 and $15.12. The lowest 10 percent earned less than $7.32, and the highest 10 percent earned more than $21.43. Median hourly earnings were $11.65 in photographic services.
Median hourly earning for photographic processing machine operators were $9.38 in May 2006. The middle 50 percent earned between $8.01 and $11.44. The lowest 10 percent earned less than $7.16, and the highest 10 percent earned more than $14.92. Median hourly earnings in the two industries employing the largest numbers of photographic processing machine operators were $9.58 in photographic services and $8.50 in health and personal care stores.
A rapid decline in employment is expected for photographic process workers and processing machine operators through the year 2016. Job opportunities will be best for individuals with experience using computers and digital technology.
Employment change. Employment of photographic process workers and processing machine operators is expected to decline rapidly by 45 percent over the 2006-16 decade. Digital cameras, which use electronic memory rather than film to record images, have in recent years become standard among professional photographers. They are rapidly gaining in popularity among amateur photographers as well as the cost of these cameras continues to fall. This will continue to reduce the demand for traditional photographic processing machine operators. However, while many digital camera owners will choose to print their own pictures with their own equipment, a growing number of casual photographers are choosing not to acquire the needed equipment and skills to print the photos themselves. For them, self-service machines and online ordering services will be able to meet most of the demand, but there will still be some demand for professionals to print digital photos and operate the machines, as well as to develop and print photos from those who continue to use film cameras.
Digital photography also will reduce demand for photographic process workers. Using digital cameras and technology, consumers who have a personal computer and the proper software are able to download and view pictures on their computer, as well as to manipulate, correct, and retouch their own photographs. No matter what improvements occur in camera technology, though, some photographic processing tasks will still require skillful manual treatment.
Job prospects. Job opportunities will be best for individuals with experience using computers and digital technology. Employment fluctuates somewhat over the course of the year, typically peaking during school graduation and summer vacation periods.
Photographic process workers held about 24,000 jobs in 2006. Photographic processing machine operators held about 49,000 jobs in 2006.
About 20 percent of photographic process workers were employed in photographic services. An additional 13 percent were employed by electronic and appliance stores and drug stores, and 14 percent worked in the publishing, internet services, and motion picture industries.
About 70 percent of photographic processing machine operators worked in retail establishments, primarily in general merchandise stores and drug stores Small numbers were employed in the printing industry and in portrait studios and commercial laboratories that process the work of professional photographers.
Core — Clean and maintain photoprocessing equipment, using cleaning and rinsing solutions and ultrasonic equipment.
Core — Operate special equipment to perform tasks such as transferring film to videotape or producing photographic enlargements.
Unites diverse professionals in the imaging industry worldwide; representing more than 17,000 members in 100+ countries.
We all wish we would have done at least one ?something? different in our past, but we learn from that experience and go forward.
Angie feels she made a mistake in not insisting that her mother move into an assisted living facility a few years earlier. Should she have insisted? Why don't you review her story and my response, and then think what you would have done.
I am an only child, and Mom lives alone in another city. Her brother lives close to her and has been checking on her every day. Mom has been getting more confused, but she hasn't seemed bad enough to need assisted living. On Saturday, my uncle called with absolutely horrible news. Mom fell and couldn't get up. She lay there several hours before he came to check on her. She broke her hip! Now I need to get her into a home.
All this time I wanted to do what was best for her. If only I had insisted on her moving to an assisted living facility here earlier, she might not have broken her hip. I could have insisted that she come here and look at the various places available, but I didn't. I feel soooo guilty. Will you please tell others not to make the same mistakes I made?
I'm sorry to hear about your mother. It isn't your fault, though. There is no way you can see what will happen in the future. You did your best to do what was right. Your uncle was checking on her, and he called when there was a problem. That's what should have happened.
No one can live their life worrying about what might happen. None of us would do anything, if that was the way we thought. We wouldn't drive a car because we might be in an accident. We wouldn't cross a street because we might get hit by a car. We wouldn't eat in a restaurant because we might get bad food. We simply wouldn't do anything -- but worry.
From what I have seen happen with other people in your situation, your mother quite probably would not have agreed to move into any kind of assisted living facility in your city. She has family and friends in her city, and probably wouldn't have agreed to move away from them. She had been independent all her life, and she didn't want to give that up.
I am sure she has talked about moving to where you are with other people, but it seemed like something far in the future. As long as she could prepare her own food, clean her own house and take care of everything she didn't feel the need to move. In fact, that's how we all feel.
Sometimes people make the mistake of thinking someone should do something simply because of their age. I once heard a report on the radio about a high school student who had the classic signs of a heart attack, but the doctor didn't check for that because the boy was so young. But he was having a heart attack.
I also saw doctors make the mistake of not wanting to treat my father because of his age. Other doctors treated him, and he continued living a good life for many years. In reality, some people die in their 20's, some in their 50's and some in their 100's. You simply can't decide that someone should do something based on their age. You need to take other aspects of their life into consideration.
What I am trying to say is that you made a decision based on how your mother was doing at the time. You couldn't see the future. You made a good decision. Anyone can have an accident, and that's exactly what happened to your mother. Her falling was nothing that could have been predicted and probably not prevented. You hear about people falling in assisted living facilities and nursing homes all the time. There is no way to prevent someone from falling by putting them in an assisted living facility or a nursing home.
So, please stop blaming yourself for what happened to your mother. I'm sure you wanted her to live a good life, a happy life and independent life as long as possible. You were thinking of her best interest.
But now the real work begins: You must make arrangements for her to live in a place where she will be happy and safe. If she moves into an assisted living facility, she might feel freer than she has because they do take some of the burden of her care off her shoulders.
When you discuss this with her, stress that aspect instead of her having to move into an assisted living facility thinking it is because she isn't safe at home alone any longer. Stress that she will meet people and socialize more than she has for years. Stress that it's kind of like a big college dorm with friends all around. Stress the good instead of the bad.
Download: Place your mouse over the image outside this box, click on the right mouse button and choose Save Image As or Download Image.
My grandfather gave me that pocket watch when I was 12 or 13 years old. I have kept it mostly put up since then, only getting it out a couple of times a year just to wind it up and then I return it to its home. But, I see it every day, and when I see it, I think about him. Maybe he thought about that when he gave it to me. I like to think he did, anyway.
No one has ever wound that pocket watch up but me. Someday, I will pass it on to my kids and tell them it is a gift from their old great granddad. He will smile that day. Yes, he will smile.
When I think of the 70's, I think of the greatest rock and roll music ever. It is now included in a music genre that is known today a...
James Arness died today. Gunsmoke was every one's favorite TV show back when I was a kid. For years, at my house, we watched every singl...
PFC Joe Stanton Elmore of Albany was a member of Company A, 1st Battalion, 32nd Infantry Regiment, 7th Infantry Division. He was listed as M...
Over 330,000 people have visited The Notorious Meddler blog! A recent visitor wrote, "During a web search I came across your site. It was like finding a crystal, clear, cool and refreshing spring in the midst of a dark, dry and dusty desert of thought. May God bless you for your faithful service." Thank you for stopping by. Please visit often.
You can manually pay each new bill as it’s available, by logging in and selecting the account to pay from the Account Home or Bills pages.
You can schedule a single payment to be paid on a date in the future, as long as it’s for a date that’s on or before the due date of the most recent bill.
You can set up automatic recurring payments, in the ‘Payments’ section of your eBill profile. There are several options for recurring payments, including multiple payment options and frequencies.
If you choose not to create an eBill profile, you can choose One-time Payment from the Seattle Utilities eBilling login page. You will be asked to enter the account number and mailing address ZIP code.
Seguimiento de 10 crías de tortuga boba nacidas en 2016 en el litoral valenciano, en el marco del Proyecto LIFE 15 IPE ES 012
Fully being a real author is something which he’s particular passion to change into in his existence, but right today, he’s trying, hoping to be a well-known one day. My story isn’t unique. Before starting writing down naughty narratives, you must realize what is probably to promote and what is unlikely to sell. Recently, present tense novels now are increasingly typical. Each novel is astonishingly graded by the ones that possess them and concentrates on yet another feature of dream meaning. Recorded following are some modern day books which aren’t beyond the realms affordable of chance to pick up. Get assistance with your instructor to execute this critical job so you can effectively quote all your resources. It takes more time to examine, more moment to compose, additional time to program, additional time to assimilate information. This website is a collaborative space where you could post your tales stay for anybody to see. It has been around for more than four years, therefore it is been able to develop a following through time.
Online School studying enables you to take only as many classes since it is possible to manage at the same time, and frequently also enables you to consider courses over the summertime rather than merely fall and wintertime. Despite required lodgings laws, a standard school might still be tough for a person who has bodily, health or learning difficulties. Primary pupils, particularly, don’t comprehend what’s critical. With the internet college, you happen to be able to take course from everywhere you own a computer connection. Nonetheless, on-line classes aren’t the answer. In an internet dialogue, every one may discuss and take supplied that they are going to have to so as to determine what they’d like to state. Moreover it is a psychological foundation for the terror. Thoughts be sure that all of your study contents are correctly cited in your research endeavor. The who refers to the people which might be concerned and is generally the topic of the phrase.
Using disposition might be strong distancing tool. As always, using an illustration may clarify in excess of any long winded explanation. Utilizing commas and full stops will suggest where a swift break becomes necessary or a breathing could be taken. These web sites are legitimate to supply you with rewarding revenue monthly in bucks, without having to invest a dime in enrolling. Properly, you’ve definitely arrive at the appropriate location. All your time in internet courses is committed to the class and obtaining the info that you just desire. It’s possible to envision what happened!
A number of you’re familiar with my writing, the others maybe not. You should notice the real one.” Carrying this out shows you’ve got a foundation for several of your findings and judgments regarding the picture. The idea of organ donation and transplantation isn’t new to humankind. The purpose is to create nonstop, whatever springs to mind. Quite simply, it carries an entire idea alone. Should itn’t make sense, don’t utilize commas to separate them. It is somewhat a critical topic.
The truth is you’re not likely to become wealthy if you sign up to Dooyoo, however you may make handful of extra money. It’s good to opposed to your typical viewpoint.
able transform admission essay amount instruction annotated bibliography award-profitable fairy award-profitable fairy tales British European calendar year college students college university composing service customized essay custom made Daily life down your ended being essay composing essay creating essay dissertation essay paper essay producing essay support every single faculties besides faculties give Filter free charge good quality higher education high quality junior junior college junior faculties Kaffe Kaffeesatz school assignment secondary faculty some sort subject matter term paper writing your contacts your current your essay your variables
Authorship is chilling for lots of studentsand men and ladies in general. Creating a modification plan isn’t a straightforward job, nevertheless it is an important process if you desire to make sure that your paper has satisfied the conditions of the teacher as well as the essay fast.
Composing skills even have business. The spread of online message, social marketing, and texts means that even though individuals may spend a good deal of time writing and typing, they seldom do so in an official circumstance, and as a consequence few individuals have the capacity to create the sorts of documents that they could need to compose in a faculty or skilled setting. Photo books cover a broad variety of issues as well as styles. If this’s the instance then you’re going to be fortunate to achieve a level of C on your own essay! Aessay-writing.nets long as you’re on training placements, you’ll still must fill out the idea parts of your course, including documents. To start composing a detailed composition, pick the issue you’ll be explaining.
After, the identical will be truthful of essays theywill need to compose. Within another article Elbow covers the various motives as well as fashions of complimentary creating.
Dandridge Elementary School: Time Flies! Take Advantage of Spring PD Opportunities to Earn Needed SSI and PDPs
The spring semester always seems to fly by, sometimes leaving teachers feeling like they have to scramble to find Professional Development Opportunities to meet Self-Selected In-service (SSI) and/or Professional Development Points (PDP) requirements.
Professional Development Opportunities are available to JCS teachers through a link on the JCS Professional Development webpage (jc-schools.net/pd). Select Spring 2018: After School/ Off Contract Sessions. JSC users will be prompted to enter Microsoft O365 JCBOE Credentials.
Professional Development Leaders are encouraged to update this list as new PD opportunities become available. If you do not find PD opportunities that meet your needs, please reach out to a PD Leader for additional ideas. If you are unsure of the PD Leader for your content area, please feel free to reach out to Amy Sharp.
Teachers that are looking for a more individualized and self-guided option for professional development may be interested in micro-credentialing. If you are interested in additional information about micro-credentialing. Please reach out to Amy Sharp via email.
Self-Selected In-service and Professional Development Points require prior principal and/or supervisor approvals. Before you invest time in a PD Session, ensure that it meets your supervisors’ approval.
The Tennessee State Board of Education updated a portion of the Educator Licensure Policy 5.502 in January 2017. These updates include important information about Professional Development Points and educator licensing. Learn more about Educator Licensing on the TN Department of Education website. Additional information is available in the Frequently Asked Questions for Educators and Frequently Asked Questions for Administrators documents.
Talk with your Principal about deadlines and processes for submitting SSI and PDPs for district contract-fulfillment and TEAM Evaluation Professionalism Rubrics.
This site provides external links as a convenience to our users. The appearance of external hyperlinks on the Jefferson County Schools (JCS) website does not constitute endorsement by JCS of the linked websites, or the information, products or services contained therein. JCS does not exercise any editorial control over the content you may find at these locations. JCS has no control over which sites are accessible to users outside of the JCS network. JCS is committed to success and accessibility for all. Please contact us via phone or email if you have difficulty accessing content on any JCS Page.
The Chudleigh Carnival Road Race takes place on Friday 20th July 2018 at 7.30 p.m. It is a fun but challenging hilly road race which takes place each year during Chudleigh Carnival week, attracting runners from all over the South West, both highly competitive and fun runners.
The race starts in the Fore Street outside the Bishop Lacy Public House, completing a small loop around the town centre before leaving Chudleigh at the southern end and winding its way up (mile long climb) and along the Chudleigh ridge.
Finally, the route drops back down into Chudleigh at the opposite end for a sprint finish along Fore Street finishing back outside the Bishop Lacy Public House.
The refrigerator has a new companion in the kitchen. While combination refrigerator-freezers are very popular, many homemakers prefer having an upright freezer in addition to the refrigerator in the kitchen. The white look is passing on. Appliances in attractive colors are gaining in popularity. Models have been introduced where fabric can be added over the appliance door, so that the refrigerator can match the kitchen curtains.
Kitchen wall tiles are easy to clean and maintain, they are durable and will last for many years to come, plus they are attractive with many different styles available. Tiles can introduce style and colour to your kitchen walls and floor and complement the overall room scheme. The kitchen is the heart of the home, where a lot of activity takes place on a daily basis.
In the days before electricity changed everything in our lives, family kitchens in modestly sized homes were large but simply appointed rooms. They contained a solid fuel heat source for cooking (a fireplace or a coal or wood stove) and a built-in sink, with or without running water. Everything else was a piece of furniture. The icebox was elegantly made of wood, as were the central dining/work table, cupboards, pie safes and pantries. The family kitchen was the central work/social place of the home too where family members, sometimes in the company of friends performed most domestic chores and socialized with each other.
Questions to consider when developing a plan for your family living room design include use, space, and location.
Wall Sconces- Wall sconces provide great ambient lighting, especially larger or multiple arm scones. As mentioned above, sconces and a large overhead fixture are the perfect combination.
From Watching the Surroundings to the Creation of a Choreography //No matter where you are, everything you see has choreographic potential. We will learn a technique to elicit this potential by using small paper frames and drawing the image that we see through the frame onto small cards. (Don‘t worry about drawing skills. This isn‘t about graphical aspects.) The resulting drawing is the starting point for a scene. The drawing becomes a framework that we transfer to the stage and the motion within it. The next step is translating the picture into improvised movement. The scene‘s character, dynamic or underlying quality emerges at this point. Soon, many cards and drawings accumulate, each representing a different scene. Now, we can arrange and re-arrange them, create connections and segues. Creation is found.
STATUS/QUALIFICATION The Course is suitable for everybody, who already did at least one Workshop with Minako Seki.
LOCATION LaborGras Paul-Lincke-Ufer 44A 10999 Berlin www.laborgras.com "Existence" in Zaragoza, Spain The human race is constantly struggling to find their way between two poles: the instinct of survival and the capability to reach a peaceful state of existence. There is a special power in the endurance of a persisting illness. My sister has always suffered illness; half her life she was ill with cancer. Her hope of defeating cancer (and at times defeat it she did!) gave her a certain appearance. Her hope gave hope to others. Her acceptance of the illness and her hope turned into happiness. Because of her healing powers and her illuminated personality she became a medium to heal others. Minako Seki Existence is a journey which leads us towards the human perception of existence, which shimmers between the conscious and the unconscious.
„I want you to experience that reality is not only objectivity, and that dance is more than the movement of the body.” Minako Seki The Seki Method is based on simple essential principles of nature and physics, and their transformation into the dancing body. We work with the TanDen, centre of the body and origin of energy and movement. Likewise Perception and Imagination are important aspects. We improvise with single, couple and group exercises to become aware of compositions and constellations in space, to establish an outer and inner awareness and to enlarge the presence of our body.
Dear Movers! Reminder of our 8 Day Workshop, starting from end of October. The deadline for a reduced price is October 15th, don't miss it!
Also, Wednesday night training will be continued until December 5th. See Below for full details. We appreciate if you are able to spread the word!!! Thanks a lot and enjoy colored leaves and blue sky. Yuko 8 day workshop –3 BODY HINTERLAND (elements of movement and place) with Mari Osanai, Isak Immanuel, Yuko Kaseki October 27 - November 4, 2012 (off day Oct 29) at 11:00-17:00h EDEN***** STUDIOS Breite Straße 43 / 13187 Berlin - Pankow www.dock11-berlin.de Info: info@cokaseki.com fon: 0176 23 22 16 51 This is a rare chance of three different aspects of movement investigation with teachers from Japan and USA. Mari Osanai (Aomori) leads from her minimalist synthesis of Noguchi Taiso and contemporary methods of opening body sensitivity and efficiency. Isak Immanuel (San Francisco) engages inquiries to site/sight specific bodies from a unique combination of conceptual and physical practices. Yuko Kaseki (Berlin) investigates Butoh influenced improvisational work with spatial awareness, permeation, transformation, and dynamism. Throughout the eight days, each teacher exchanges in the leading of a focused practice and exploration.
"Your weight is thought and thought is image. " -Michizo Noguchi 10x Wednesday Training with Yuko Kaseki, Isak Immanuel, and guest Wednesday at 20:00 - 22:00h (October 3 – December 5, 2012) ada studio Uferstudios / Studio 7 Uferstraße 8/23, 13357 Berlin – Wedding www.ada-studio.de Information: info@cokaseki.com Body training led by weekly changing teachers from different backgrounds, including: Butoh, Noguchi Gymnastics, Contemporary Dance, Physical Theatre, Qigong, and spatial Improvisation. We will explore the dynamics of conditioning a pliable sensitive body relative to change. Exercises are developed for moving with image, release, and fluidity between the tactile everyday body and non-human awareness. Shifting between spaces and layers of perception and orientation, physical imagination opens. Activities 2012-2013 November 15-18 Changing Lot, 3 solo dance works by Mari Osanai, Isak Immanuel and Yuko Kaseki, Dock11, Berlin March 2013 International Butoh Workshop in the Rainforest, Puerto Maldonado, Peru (contact: info@cokaseki.com) www.cokaseki.com www.youtube.com/cokaseki http://tanzforumberlin.de/archiv.php#K
Slava Inozemcev gives a butoh workshop in Berlin in his method of Five Elements. He is a director of InZhest Theatre in Minsk, also performing in our TEN PEN CHii new production YOKU-BOU at Dock 11 in Berlin Slava's Workshop Place : Theaterhaus Mitte Berlin (Wallstrasse 32) Time : 8.-11. October from 5 pm to 10 pm. Price : 170 €. Registration : sonja@sonjasalkowitsch.com Read more about his work on http://inzhest.belorus.by
The main focus of this workshop is a conscious research of our body/mind/soul unification, so we can deeply enjoy the intrinsic process of metamorphosis through the spirit of dance. Through a continuous exploration of our past collective memories, we can strike a vein of abundant creative resources, enriching the essence of our life. The body is a receptacle of time. Body resonance is a key to open up the doors of ever-changing world inside and outside of us, which helps the body to unfold its secrets, holding them up until they shine and tremble. Everything is in resonance with each other. Through a dialogue with our body, we can learn to be moved by inner and outer forces, thus realizing we are a part of the Universe.
SEKI METHOD TRAINING in Berlin Open Training for Performers, Dancers and Movers. The Training starts with methods of relaxation and qigong to free our movements and to slowly bring heat to our bodies. This is followed by training of SEKI METHOD movement exercises and lead improvisations, where we take time to really get into the qualities of the movement. We finish the sessions with strechings and massages/manipulations to thank our body and make him stay well and feel good. No need to register or to apply. Just come and join whenever you feel like it and try! We’ll never let you alone and try to support everyone individually. 01. October – 17. December 2012 Every Monday 19 – 21 hrs Seki Method The Seki Method is based on simple essential principles of nature and physics, and their transformation into the dancing body. We work with the TanDen, centre of the body and origin of energy and movement. Likewise Perception and Imagination are important aspects. We improvise with single, couple and group exercises to become aware of compositions and constellations in space, to establish an outer and inner awareness and to enlarge the presence of our body.Location STUDIO 142
2450 man with child confessions of a full time daddy in a mommys world no short description man with child confessions of a full time daddy in a mommys world because this is pdf file * PDF *
2451 The Republic of Poetry Poems by Mart n Espada no short description The Republic of Poetry Poems by Mart n Espada because this is pdf file * PDF *
2453 the closet depressionist poetry from the soul no short description the closet depressionist poetry from the soul because this is pdf file * PDF *
2464 county court housing advice and representation schemes a good practice guide no short description county court housing advice and representation schemes a good practice guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
pool a hotel will have lazy stream shaped like cle houston party glass,houston pool hotel swimming over city the at galleria day pass 2016,pool enclosures houston texas over city hotel glass review the marquis in downtown,houston hotel pool over street marriott marquis bar north builders custom contractors in spring party rental,houston pool day pass 2018 backyard amenities builder in ground custom pride party area builders,houston pool party venues area builders day pass swimming pools builder and spa waterfall,houston pool day pass market square towers extends feet beyond rooftop area builder reviews party shooting,houston splash pool party hotel marriott marquis bar open swim memorial park its not me ston,houston hotel pool day pass 2016 design reviews over street glass bottomed feet above travel,houston hotel pool bar terrifying glass bottom in allows you to swim feet indoor party rooftop.
We can structure your session to meet your needs - brief church services, recognition announcements, Santa, etc.
Hanna. i am told i'm very sexy, hot & passionate and can deliver the goods when it counts but i'll let you be the judge of that!
Aiyana. we can travel in all europe or world wide, and very easy in paris, budapest, vienna, prague, bucharest, belgrade or other city. we are available on each month in tour in paris.
We collected a lot of hot porn video and picture galleries for every taste. Anal, Creampie, Facial, Mom, Threesome, Reality etc.
The wonderful Morelli House was open this morning courtesy of the Junior League and the Preservation Association of Clark County.
According to docent Donna Andress, the Morelli House is a classic example of Las Vegas mid-century residential architecture.
Our pal, Alan Hess, says "In Las Vegas the past is often overlooked, forgotten or demolished in the rush to the future. The historic Antonio and Helen Morelli house, preserved by the Junior League, however is a vibrant reminder fo the newness, optimism and style in Las Vegas in the mid-20th century."
The house was built in 1959 at 52 Country Club Drive in the prestigious Desert Inn Country Club Estates. The house had a wonderful view of the world-class Desert Inn Golf Course. Sands Hotel Orchestra Leader Antonio Morelli chose the mid-century modern design for the house. Working with the hotel's carpenter forman, Richard Small, the two men over the course of two years designed and built the house. Hugh E. Taylor, a local architect, drew up the plans.
"The house's bold horizontal lines", according to Hess, "glass walls, open plan and natural materials embody the fundamental tents of Modern architecture and Modern living in that period."
Morelli and his wife, like so many newcomers back then (and today) came to take advantage of the possibilities of a new life in Las Vegas. The Sands Hotel, perhaps more than any other hotel of its day, resides in our collective memory of Classic Las Vegas as the epitome of class and style.
The Morellis had arrived at the right time. From New York, the classically trained musicial traveled the country as a pianist with various vaudeville acts and theater productions. He had married Helen Collins in 1935. They arrived in Las Vegas at the right moment. The theater circuit that had sustained Morelli for many years was coming to an end. Television was the new interest and variety shows brought entertainers into people's homes for free. Las Vegas brought those entertainers to the showrooms of the Strip where for $15 dollars you could have dinner, two drinks, dessert and see Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Judy Garland and the other stars of Classic Las Vegas.
The Morelli house was 2800 square feet with plenty of room for entertaining. The main room with its copper hooded fireplace and the formal dining area had a spacious view of the Golf Course courtesy of the tall ceilings and sliding glass doors that opened onto the patio. The kitchen offered a more initimate less formal area filled with the top of the line appliances of the day and leather banquettes. A television cabinet kept them up on all the latest news.
When it was located on the Country Club, the house had an outdoor pool in the front yard. A walled yard offered some privacy for the swimming pool. Screens of ornamental block added more privacy and texture.
Morelli later added a studio on the other side of the kitchen but, due to structural limitations, that structure could not be moved.
After Morelli passed away, his wife Helen decided to move back to New York to be closer to her family. Mr. Kay G. Glenn who was Howard Hughes press secretary from 1951 until the millionaire's death in 1976 bought the house. He only made two small changes to the house in the 22 years he owned it. He changed the paint color in two places. He took exceptional care of the house and respected the original concept that Morelli had envisioned. Because of this, the house was in its near original condition and represented a "perfect historically unaltered example of mid-century residential architecture."
In 2000, Steve Wynn purchased the Desert Inn Hotel and the homes on the Golf Course. He had plans for a new resort that did not include the Golf Course or the homes. At that time, the Junior League had attempted to save the Whitehead house, the childhood home of neon designer, Betty Willis. They had moved the endangered house to a vacant lot donated by Jackie Gaughan. Unfortunately, the Whitehead house fell victim to a fire of suspicious nature and was lost.
Developer Irwin Molasky contacted the Junior League and offered them the Morelli House. The University of Las Vegas School of Architecture had identified the house as the house "most worthy of saving due to its classic mid-century design, superior workmanship and materials and its historical provenance."
The house was moved to the corner of 9th and Bridger diagonally across the street from the old Las Vegas High School.
The Junior League has taken great care of the house and teamed with furniture maker Valdimir Kagan. Mr. Kagan toured the house and became so enthralled with the possibilities that he designed and donated the furniture in living room. The burgundy serpentine sofas were donated by American Leather Company adn the cocktail tables and barrel chairs were donated by Weiman Preview Furniture Company.
The Morelli House is available for tours and is available for rent for special events by contacting the Junior League of Las Vegas at 702-822-6536.
Posted on Saturday, May 3, 2008 at 7:02PM by LasVegasLynn in Las Vegas , The Morelli House, historical preservation | 3 Comments
I moved here in 1959. My Uncle was Howard Werner, his wife Ginny. They were co-owners of Luigi's Charcoal Broiler on the strip. I remember the Morelli house BUT, My uncle built his "Jetson style" house at 52 Country Club Lane in 1960. It was not this house as in the pictures. Any further discussions , give me a call 604-0005
Its really helpful and informative , Amazing work. Way of explanation and pictures presentation is attractive.
I’ll Cry Tomorrow (1955) The true, heartbreaking story of broadway star Lilian Roth who faces powerful addiction problems that derail her life, multiple marriages, and her own relationship with ...
The Wizard of Oz (1939) For many movie critics, 1939 was the best year for movies…well The Wizard of Oz would probably be the BEST MOVIE in any decade or ...
Meet Me in St. Louis (1944) Judy Garland has some of the most memorable scenes in movie history! Judy Sings “Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas” as a sad, sad reminder ...
Carousel (1956) A remarkable musical with some of the best songs ever, great dancing, but what really makes this movie is the PLOT. This is a movie ...
Some Like It Hot (1959) For some, the greatest comedy of all time, I wouldn’t go that far but this is a very funny screwball comedy with a seductive onslaught ...
Lili (1953) A whimsical adventure of a young teenage girl who learns of love and betrayal while conversing with 4 puppets who are part of an act ...
Funny Face (1957) Audrey Hepburn dancing and singing–showcasing her extraordinary talent. Filmed in color this movie delights audiences with great music from George Gershwin. The plot is average ...
The pimped out bus of denver pepsi center, red rocks, 1st bank ctr, 20, thanksgiving, christmas, tailgating, super bowl, casino, party bus, bands, quinceneras, sweet 16, sports teams, school.The hotel audit clerk is an integral part of the.Download sonic heroes..
Whether you’re getting ready to hire your first employee or you’ve had hundreds of people on your payroll for years, it’s essential that your employment documents work for you rather than against you. That means they need to be clearly written, comprehensive, and compliant with all applicable laws and regulations.
There is a long list of documents you’ll use as you recruit, hire, manage, and terminate workers, and they will vary based on your specific industry and needs. But three important employment-related documents apply to virtually every operation:
The employee handbook (sometimes called an employee manual or policy and procedure manual) is the document that establishes the ground rules for how you want people to conduct themselves within their capacity as your employees. Employee handbooks typically cover policies on such issues as:
Paid and unpaid time off policies, including holidays, vacation, sick leave, family medical leave and other types of leave.
Employee behavior, including attendance, dress code, meal and rest breaks, as well as bans on harassment and discrimination and your general expectations of employee conduct.
Social media policy, including whether employees can access social media at work, the use of company information and trademarks on the social media accounts of employees and their family and friends, and how employees should respond to offensive or negative posts about the company made online by others.
Compensation, including when and how employees are paid, overtime policies, and pay grade structures.
Benefits, including health and other insurance coverage, other benefits you may offer, and eligibility criteria.
In addition, there are likely other issues specific to your operation or industry that you may want to cover in your employee handbook.
A well-crafted employee handbook eliminates misunderstandings and ambiguity regarding what is acceptable workplace conduct and what is not. It also provides the employer with a legal foundation should disciplinary action, up to and including termination, be necessary.
A work-for-hire or work-made-for-hire agreement specifies that whatever materials your employees produce during the course of their work belong to the company. While this most commonly applies to intellectual property and creative endeavors such as writing, design, and photography, it’s a good idea to have every employee sign a work-for-hire agreement stipulating that whatever they produce in their capacity as your employee becomes the company’s property.
It’s important to take appropriate steps to protect your proprietary business information as well as your customer interests and relationships through the use of restrictive covenants agreements. These documents include things that could have a negative impact on your company that employees agree not to do, such as non-compete, non-disclosure, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement. It may not be necessary or appropriate for every employee to sign an agreement covering one or more of these restrictive covenants; that’s a judgment call you must make based on your specific circumstances.
While the complexities of employment law make creating effective documents a challenge, the two most common mistakes employers make in this area are:
Not having employees sign relevant documents. If you go to the effort and expense to create various agreements and other documents, be sure every employee signs the ones appropriate to their job and status.
Not understanding what the documents say. Before you ask an employee to sign your documents, take the time to understand exactly what they mean and be sure the terms are enforceable.
How long as it been since an attorney has reviewed your employment-related documents? If you don’t remember and if you’re not sure they’ll protect your company in the event of a dispute, take advantage of our Legal Sleep Aid service. I will review up to five of your documents and let you know where the red flags are and what you can do about them. Go here for complete details.
Posted in: Run Filed under: employee handbook, employment documents, restrictive covenants, work-for-hire
All minors under the age of 18 must complete an employment permit application and obtain the permit before starting a new job.
The 2Volunteer group is a community based organization to help our kids learn the value and importance of service to others.
Copyright © since 1998 by Kun Shan University. All rights reserved. Powered by Core Constructor team.
The Encephalitis Information System is a service to the public produced and maintained by the University of Florida, IFAS, Florida Medical Entomology Laboratory. The purpose of the system is to provide general information on encephalitis, to provide up-to-date reports on the status of the various encephalitides in Florida, and to help the reader understand the true significance of the data presented in this page, or elsewhere. Please read the disclaimer at the bottom of this page.
We also aim to be an educational resource on the subject. Our kids page, designed for primary students and teachers, includes various activities to help children learn about encephalitis and about mosquitoes in general. Other sections of this page provide information aimed at older audiences. Our contacts page contains links to other related sites, and contact information for agencies involved in disease monitoring, prevention, and research.
Take the time to visit the various sections of this page and visit us often, as the contents are constantly changing. A great deal of the information in this page is meant to assist the visitor in assesing what all the facts and figures really mean in practical terms. If you are searching for a quick update on the encephalitis situation in Florida, go directly to the current situation link.
The information presented here is for information purpposes only and is not to be construed as a legal document. Any reliance on the information contained herein is at the user's own risk. The University of Florida assumes no responsibility for any use of the information contained herein or from any loss resulting therefrom.
This is a free database system, and comes with the Wampserver software you may have installed at the start of the course.
The data in a MySQL database are stored in tables. A table is a collection of related data, and it consists of columns and rows.
We can use connect to and manipulate any databases with PHP. However MySQL is the most popular database system used with PHP.
Queries are a kind of commands or requests which are used to ask the MySQL server to perform some action on the database.
The Queries must be added to a php function to bring in effect. The function is mysqli_query(), which is used to execute all the queries in MySQL.
You have installed the MySQL server automatically if you have installed wamp server. Besides, if you want to download it, you can go to http://www.mysql.com.
Tawni O'Dell's debut novel, "Back Roads", is possibly one of the greatest books I have ever read. No matter how often I return to the pages, I always find myself lost in them, drawn into a world that, despite having no real comprehension of it, I become completely involved with and caught up in.Unfortunately, despite this novel being championed by no lesser name than Oprah Winfrey, the author seemingly vanished afterwards and nothing happened. Admittedly she wasn't as well received in the UK, po [...]
On holiday I found a copy of this book at the resort. It was not something I'd normally pick up and even thought I'd likely not get into it. I was mistaken as it was well written and, for the most part, held my attention. I found the ending a bit too pat - would have liked him to not get the girl but most like a happy ending. Interesting to read a novel with a male main character - written by a woman. Im because there was no photo of the author on my copy, thought Tawni might be a pseudonym for [...]
After reading others' reviews, I apparently need to read Back Roads, O'Dell's first book because many think Coal Run, her second, does not equal the overall effect of her first.One of my favorite moments in the book comes when Ivan's 6 year old nephew, Everett Craig, buys a dinner at an auction with the local football hero, "the great Ivan Z" so they, his uncle and he, can spend more time together. Eb talks of his absentee father: "My dad wears a tie now, he tells me, staring at the chocolate st [...]
In a coal town in PA, a mine disaster kills many people and haunts the town for years to come. This is the story of the survivors anyhow they handled their lives after the fateful cave in. It's not a happy story but the characters are vivid and the circumstances are realistic.
Thanks for your interest in my photos! :) If you would like to use any of my photos for any reason, please contact me at ran@diveandmore.com.
SEATURTLE.ORG collaborates with Argos to help scientists and conservationists manage and analyse their valuable animal tracking data.
[an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive]
Seit ein paar Tagen ist Plesk 8.4.0 offiziell angekündigt und draußen. Ich hatte ja erst Bedenken, ob ich updaten sollte und ob das problemlos klappt. In machen Foren (z.B. im ServerSupportForum) gab es anfangs Aussagen, dass das nicht funktioniert und in einer Neuinstallation endet … darauf hatte ich echt keinen Bock. Doch seit letzter Woche scheint das zu funktionieren, also habe ich’s gemacht.
This spring, the first group of students from the University of Utah Asia Campus (UAC) graduated. The UAC began developing an abroad campus in 2014 as a part of the Incheon Global Campus which has been dubbed as the “best global education hub in Northeast Asia.” The organization also includes Belgium’s Ghent University, George Mason University, State University of New York, Stony Brook, and hosts about 10,000 students from all over the globe.
The UAC parallels many of the University of Utah’s main campus assets, including academic advising, peer mentors, resident advisors, on-campus jobs, and student mental health counseling which focuses on helping study abroad students adjust to life in a new setting and balancing work, life, and school.
Students attending the UAC are required to spend at least two semesters at the University of Utah main campus in Salt Lake City, allowing them to experience both cultures and an education in both the Korean and American system. The UAC offers several degrees including communication, psychology and social work, public health and will begin to offer degrees in film and media arts, urban ecology, and biomedical informatics starting Fall 2017.
The U’s main campus welcomed the UAC students to Salt Lake in Fall 2016, and honored seven undergraduate and seven graduate students on May 4 at the John M. Huntsman Center in commencement. These students mark the beginning of an era for the university that aims to promote widespread knowledge and cross-cultural education.
“I think there tends to be this conception that the entire state of Utah is the best kept secret in the United States with this misconception that we’re very inwardly focused and serve one majority population,” said Jean Oh, the main campus director for the University of Utah Asia Campus in a Q and A posted on Global U’s website. “[S]o people are surprised to find out that we are doing something on a global scale.”
Oh works on campus in Salt Lake City, but her main job is to promote knowledge and excitement about the UAC and give presentations to various departments and student groups.
By establishing a campus across the globe in an environment and culture that is severely contrasting to the one in Salt Lake City, the U has taken big steps in order to implement innovation and globalization for all students. The UAC also offers study abroad programs for current students attending the U. Cost for one of these programs also stays about the same as tuition for an education at the U, therefore allowing more students to obtain a unique and hugely gratifying learning experience.
Oh also went on to comment about the UAC’s aspirations, “With our motto being “Imagine then do,” I can imagine the University of Utah Asia Campus becoming a force of influence in Korea’s education system with ingenuity, innovation, and impacting society through our students graduating, then going out and serving the community.”
The Asia Campus has recently seen an influx of admissions, with over 225 in the Fall 2016 semester and an estimated 300+ arriving each year to the main campus to complete their undergraduate degrees. The UAC offers multiple scholarships based on merit, diversity, and need for Entrance Scholarships, as well as Leadership and Esteemed Scholar awards. The application deadline for Fall 2017 ended on Jan. 15, however, the UAC will start accepting enrollments for Spring 2018 later this year.
Leading off the issue is Director Terry Steinwand’s Matters of Opinion While an inconvenience for anyone traveling or clearing sidewalks and driveways, the heavy, wet snows that fell on much of the state in March were welcome.
North Dakota’s fishing opportunities today are many. With a record number of lakes across the state that hold, in some instances, robust fish populations, the precipitation was needed.
Have you ever wondered why the diamond on a ring may cost $10,000 or more, yet it has no material utility other than to shine? Or why a teaspoon of salty fish eggs may run $100, even if the majority of people would prefer nothing more than just the cracker on which the eggs are served?
Ron Wilson, North Dakota Outdoors editor, this months examines the history of the “Whopper Club” with his Look Back column.
North Dakota Game and Fish Department officials unveiled the Whopper Club program to anglers nearly 60 years ago.
Is it fair to say that Department heads in 1960 didn’t envision this program to still be swimming upstream with purpose in 2018?
The North Dakota Game and Fish Department will have 281 any-deer bow licenses available to nonresidents in 2016.
The deadline for applying is March 1. A lottery will be held if more applications are received than licenses available. Any remaining licenses after March 1 will be issued on a first-come, first-served basis. Applicants can apply together as a party. A separate check is required for each application.
The nonresident any-deer bow application is available at the Game and Fish website, gf.nd.gov. The application must be printed and sent in to the department.
The number of nonresident any-deer bow licenses available is 15 percent of the previous year’s mule deer gun license allocation. The Game and Fish Department issued 1,875 antlered mule deer licenses in the 2015 deer gun license lottery.
Hunters can help reduce risk of chronic wasting disease in deer November 1, 2018 DOUG LEIER N.D. Game and Fish Department
Fall survey indicates fish fared well in North Dakota October 25, 2018 DOUG LEIER N.D. Game and Fish Department
Surveillance program samples deer for disease October 25, 2018 North Dakota Game and Fish Department
Key reminders issued as deer season approaches October 11, 2018 DOUG LEIER N.D. Game and Fish Department
Efforts continue to provide hunting grounds October 4, 2018 DOUG LEIER N.D. Game and Fish Department
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 June 2010
Dig and cultivate body as frontier, to find out hidden untouched field of emotions, memories and sensations... Research each details of body parts, to devide and reconnect. Observing habit of movement in socialized function. Dysfunktion is a way of creation, to find new layer of vision and body system.
The workshop’s emphasis is to develop original movement through physical training - details of body awareness, and improvisation with image, gesture, space, and relationship. Physical training is based on Noguchi gymnastics, Butoh methodology, and elements of Tai-Chi. We practice for the whole body to be permeable and awake to deeper layers of sensitivity. Working from the center of our body (Tanden) which is our energy source. Listening honestly to the variants of inner body and develop this in relation to the outer. The workshop offers the possibility to seek and experience in solo, duet and group improvisations. Through intensity and reduction everyone can dive deeply into movement and translate it into individual manifestations. It is important for each person to find a unique body, reality, and exposure.
Yuko Kaseki is a dancer, choreographer and teacher based in Berlin. Kaseki was the primary dancer in Anzu Furukawa's company Dance Butter Tokio and Verwandlungsamt. She founded the dance company cokaseki with Marc Ates in 1995. Solo-, ensemble performances, collaborations and improvisations are performed throughout Europe, Canada, Mexico, Uruguay, Argentina, Korea, Taiwan, Japan and the U.S. Long collaboration with inkBoat (SF), also CAVE (NY), Isak Immanuel/Tableau Stations (SF), Theater Thikwa (Berlin) and others. She organises improvisation series “AMMO-NITE GIG” in Berlin and performs with international performers and musicians. Nomination: “Kudan“ by Toyota Choreography Award in Tokyo, Japan. “Tooboe” by “Outstanding Production”, The Dora Mavor Moore Awards 2007 in Toronto, Canada. “Let My Fish Loose” by “no-ballet, International Dance Competition 2007”, Ludwigshafen, Germany.
you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your website is magnificent, let alone the content!
It's an amazing piece of writing in support of all the online people; they will obtain advantage from it I am sure.
Hello there, I discovered your website by way of Google whilst searching for a similar matter, your web site came up, it appears great.
Hi there, just turned into alert to your weblog thru Google, and found that it is truly informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels. I'll be grateful should you continue this
Hi everyone, it's my first visit at this web site, and article is really fruitful in support of me, keep up posting these types of content.
for this website? I'm getting sick and tired of Wordpress because I've had problems with hackers and I'm looking at alternatives for another platform. I would be great if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.
You definitely know what youre talking about, why waste your intelligence on just posting videos to your site when you
Hi there, I found your blog by way of Google at the same time as searching for a comparable matter, your web site came
Greetings! I've been following your web site for some time now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Porter Tx! Just wanted to mention keep up the excellent work!
I really like what you have got here, certainly like what you're saying and the way wherein you assert it. You are making it enjoyable and you continue to care for to stay it sensible. I can't wait to read much more from you.
Hi there, There's no doubt that your site could possibly be having web browser compatibility issues. When I take a look at your blog in Safari, it looks fine however when opening in Internet Explorer, it's got some overlapping issues.
if you have to manually code with HTML. I'm starting a blog soon but have no coding experience so I wanted to get guidance from someone with experience. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
I know this if off topic but I'm looking into starting my own weblog and was wondering what all is needed to get set up? I'm assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny?
I'm not very web smart so I'm not 100% certain. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks
If some one desires expert view about blogging afterward i suggest him/her to pay a quick visit this web
did you customize it yourself? Anyway keep up the nice quality writing, it is rare to see a great blog like this one today.
I visit everyday a few web pages and sites to read articles, but this website provides quality based posts.
An outstanding share! I've just forwarded this onto a co-worker who has been conducting a little homework on this. And he actually ordered me breakfast simply because I discovered it for him... lol. So let me reword this.... Thank YOU for the meal!! But yeah, thanks for spending some time to discuss this topic here on your internet site.
compatibility issues. When I look at your blog site in Chrome, it looks fine but when opening in Internet
You actually make it seem so easy with your presentation however I to find this matter to be really something which
and extremely wide for me. I am taking a look ahead to your subsequent publish, I'll try to get the cling of it!
Is it very hard to set up your own blog? I'm not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty quick. I'm thinking about
new project in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us valuable information to work on.
for brussels. I'll be grateful if you continue this in future. Numerous people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
and detailed information you offer. It's great to come across a blog every once in a while that isn't
This website was... how do you say it? Relevant!! Finally I've found something which helped me. Many thanks!
Thanks , I have just been searching for info approximately this subject for a while and yours is the greatest I have came upon so far.
I've been exploring for a little for any high quality articles or blog posts on this kind of area . Exploring in Yahoo I ultimately stumbled upon this site. Studying this information So i am happy to convey that I have a very good uncanny feeling I discovered just what I needed. I such a lot certainly will make certain to do not overlook this web site and give it a look on a continuing basis.
Wow, that's what I was searching for, what a information! existing here at this blog, thanks admin of this web page.
I could locate a captcha plugin for my comment form? I'm using the same blog platform as yours and I'm having difficulty
I know this if off topic but I'm looking into starting my own blog and was wondering what all is needed to get set up? I'm assuming having a blog like
you're truly a excellent webmaster. The web site loading speed is incredible. It sort of feels that you are doing any unique trick. Furthermore, The contents are masterwork. you have done a excellent activity in this matter!
Magnificent website. A lot of useful info here. I am sending it to several buddies ans also sharing in delicious.
What's Happening i'm new to this, I stumbled upon this I have found It absolutely helpful and it has helped
Greetings! I've been reading your blog for some time now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Houston Texas! Just wanted to mention keep up the excellent job!
Fertility yoga is designed to stimulate the reproductive organs by increasing the flow of blood, oxygen and nutrients to the organs.
On the seventh day from the first day, ovaries prepare the ovum and as a part of that preparation, the uterine lining starts to get thick.
Reasonable Download Manager use multi-threading download technique to accelerating downloads up to 500% or more,
from any computer as long as it has Internet access. All designs submitted will become the property of COBIDA.
Studying this info So i'm glad to exhibit that I have a very just right uncanny feeling I discovered just what I needed. I most definitely will make sure to do not forget this website and provides it a look on a constant basis.
Hi there it's me, I am also visiting this web page daily, this web site is truly pleasant and the people are really sharing fastidious thoughts.
to say that I've really enjoyed browsing your blog posts. In any case I'll be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again very soon!
[b][url=http://www.medigitalpress.com/]Discount Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] I am sure this article has touched all the internet visitors, its really really fastidious paragraph on building up new website.
[b][url=http://www.medigitalpress.com/]Cheap Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] I truly love your website.. Great colors & theme. Did you create this amazing site yourself? Please reply back as I'm planning to create my own personal site and want to find out where you got this from or just what the theme is called. Kudos!
[b][url=http://www.resorthomesgalveston.com/]Fake Oakleys[/url] [/b] I simply couldn't depart your web site prior to suggesting that I actually enjoyed the standard information a person provide in your guests? Is going to be again frequently in order to check up on new posts
[b][url=http://www.adeanphotography.com/]Fake Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] It is appropriate time to make some plans for the future and it is time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I want to suggest you some interesting things or suggestions. Perhaps you can write next articles referring to this article. I want to read even more things about it!
[b][url=http://www.timhelmen.com/]Replica Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] Greetings! I've been reading your web site for some time now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Humble Texas! Just wanted to tell you keep up the fantastic work!
[b][url=http://www.grnbuildersinc.com/]Cheap Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] I constantly spent my half an hour to read this website's posts all the time along with a cup of coffee.
[b][url=http://www.nocandyasses.com/]Replica Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] You made some good points there. I looked on the internet for additional information about the issue and found most people will go along with your views on this website.
[b][url=http://www.medigitalpress.com/]Discount Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] Hi there, I enjoy reading all of your post. I wanted to write a little comment to support you.
[b][url=http://www.medigitalpress.com/]Oakley Sunglasses Cheap[/url] [/b] Hello, I enjoy reading all of your post. I wanted to write a little comment to support you.
[b][url=http://www.premiumcorporateawards.com/]Fake Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] This is a topic that's close to my heart... Cheers! Where are your contact details though?
[b][url=http://www.adeanphotography.com/]Oakley Sunglasses Sale[/url] [/b] What's up, I check your blog regularly. Your story-telling style is witty, keep doing what you're doing!
[b][url=http://www.grnbuildersinc.com/]Fake Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] Your mode of explaining the whole thing in this article is actually fastidious, all be capable of without difficulty know it, Thanks a lot.
[b][url=http://www.adeanphotography.com/]Fake Oakleys[/url] [/b] Hello there! I could have sworn I've visited this site before but after looking at some of the articles I realized it's new to me. Anyways, I'm definitely pleased I stumbled upon it and I'll be book-marking it and checking back regularly!
[b][url=http://www.grnbuildersinc.com/]Fake Oakleys[/url] [/b] I'm really impressed together with your writing abilities and also with the format for your blog. Is this a paid subject matter or did you customize it yourself? Anyway keep up the nice quality writing, it is uncommon to peer a great blog like this one today..
[b][url=http://www.resorthomesgalveston.com/]Fake Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] I simply couldn't depart your site before suggesting that I really enjoyed the standard info a person supply on your guests? Is gonna be back continuously in order to check out new posts
[b][url=http://www.resorthomesgalveston.com/]Fake Oakleys[/url] [/b] Your mode of telling the whole thing in this post is truly fastidious, all be capable of without difficulty know it, Thanks a lot.
[b][url=http://www.medigitalpress.com/]Oakley Sunglasses Cheap[/url] [/b] It's very straightforward to find out any topic on net as compared to books, as I found this post at this web site.
[b][url=http://www.nocandyasses.com/]Replica Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] I am sure this post has touched all the internet people, its really really fastidious paragraph on building up new weblog.
[b][url=http://www.resorthomesgalveston.com/]Fake Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] I needed to thank you for this very good read!! I certainly loved every bit of it. I have got you book-marked to check out new stuff you post¡­
[b][url=http://www.adeanphotography.com/]Fake Oakleys[/url] [/b] It's very effortless to find out any matter on net as compared to textbooks, as I found this paragraph at this site.
[b][url=http://www.resorthomesgalveston.com/]Discount Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] A person essentially lend a hand to make severely posts I would state. This is the very first time I frequented your web page and thus far? I amazed with the research you made to make this actual put up extraordinary. Great task!
[b][url=http://www.nocandyasses.com/]Fake Oakleys[/url] [/b] Hello, I enjoy reading all of your article post. I wanted to write a little comment to support you.
[b][url=http://www.timhelmen.com/]Fake Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] Ahaa, its good dialogue regarding this piece of writing here at this web site, I have read all that, so now me also commenting here.
[b][url=http://www.nocandyasses.com/]Fake Oakleys[/url] [/b] Howdy, i read your blog occasionally and i own a similar one and i was just wondering if you get a lot of spam remarks? If so how do you stop it, any plugin or anything you can advise? I get so much lately it's driving me insane so any support is very much appreciated.
[b][url=http://www.medigitalpress.com/]Discount Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] I'm extremely inspired with your writing abilities and also with the layout in your blog. Is that this a paid subject or did you customize it your self? Either way keep up the excellent quality writing, it's rare to see a nice blog like this one these days..
[b][url=http://www.grnbuildersinc.com/]Fake Oakleys[/url] [/b] I am curious to find out what blog system you have been utilizing? I'm experiencing some minor security problems with my latest blog and I would like to find something more safe. Do you have any solutions?
[b][url=http://www.ameliasports.com/]Fake Oakleys[/url] [/b] Hi there! This article couldn't be written much better! Looking at this post reminds me of my previous roommate! He always kept preaching about this. I am going to forward this post to him. Pretty sure he will have a very good read. Many thanks for sharing!
[b][url=http://www.premiumcorporateawards.com/]Fake Oakleys[/url] [/b] It is perfect time to make some plans for the longer term and it's time to be happy. I have learn this publish and if I may I desire to counsel you few fascinating issues or tips. Maybe you could write next articles referring to this article. I want to learn more things approximately it!
[b][url=http://www.medigitalpress.com/]Discount Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] Hello there! I could have sworn I've been to your blog before but after browsing through a few of the posts I realized it's new to me. Regardless, I'm definitely happy I discovered it and I'll be bookmarking it and checking back frequently!
[b][url=http://www.adeanphotography.com/]Fake Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] Hello there! I simply wish to offer you a big thumbs up for the excellent information you have right here on this post. I will be returning to your website for more soon.
[b][url=http://www.adeanphotography.com/]Oakley Sunglasses Sale[/url] [/b] Hello! Someone in my Facebook group shared this website with us so I came to look it over. I'm definitely loving the information. I'm bookmarking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Fantastic blog and outstanding design and style.
[b][url=http://www.timhelmen.com/]Replica Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] Hi there would you mind letting me know which webhost you're utilizing? I've loaded your blog in 3 completely different browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot quicker then most. Can you recommend a good web hosting provider at a reasonable price? Many thanks, I appreciate it!
[b][url=http://www.timhelmen.com/]Fake Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] I visited several sites except the audio feature for audio songs current at this website is really fabulous.
[b][url=http://www.adeanphotography.com/]Fake Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] Greetings from Los angeles! I'm bored to tears at work so I decided to check out your site on my iphone during lunch break. I enjoy the information you present here and can't wait to take a look when I get home. I'm shocked at how fast your blog loaded on my cell phone .. I'm not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyhow, very good site!
[b][url=http://www.grnbuildersinc.com/]Fake Oakleys[/url] [/b] Hi, Neat post. There's a problem with your site in internet explorer, might check this? IE still is the marketplace chief and a big part of people will miss your fantastic writing because of this problem.
[b][url=http://www.medigitalpress.com/]Discount Oakley Sunglasses[/url] [/b] I am really inspired along with your writing talents as neatly as with the layout in your blog. Is that this a paid subject or did you customize it yourself? Either way stay up the nice quality writing, it's rare to peer a great weblog like this one nowadays..
Really no matter if someone doesn't understand after that its up to other users that they will help, so here it takes place.
It's going to be finish of mine day, however before finish I am reading this enormous paragraph to increase my know-how.
This speaker package is perfect for the beginner DJ. This is a gentle urge for us to register the program.
West, Wild Arms, as well as puzzle games, and real-life home-based systems such as the Simpsons for younger players.
She has been kiln fusing glass into everything from jewelry & wine products, to sushi sets and sinks, for the last three years.
Her style is out of the box, bold & colorful, and she takes full advantage of an art form so malleable.
This is a Flickr badge showing public photos from Combustion Glassworks tagged with glass. Make your own badge here.
Blog Archive July (2) May (1) April (1) March (1) January (2) December (4) June (2) March (15) February (1) January (1) October (1) August (1) July (1) June (1) May (4) April (3)
Check the internet for bonuses before gambling in an online casino. and further it can be said that quality internet casinos accepting us players
In my profession it is fundamental to be curious. It’s time to search, ask and keep an open mind to let yourself be surprised.
programs at CDI College cover everything from accounting and business writing to digital marketing strategy on Facebook, YouTube, and Instagram.
MEDICAL TRANSCRIPTION! In-demand career! Employers have work-at-home positions available. Get online training you need from an employer-trusted program. Visit: CareerStep.ca/MT or 1-855-768-3362 to start training for your work-at-home career today! More
are in demand! Get the training you need to make a meaningful difference in the lives of children. Seats still available -... More
Enroll in the Early Childhood Education program and learn how you can contribute to the development and growth of young children.
D & M Renovations . Flooring, tiling, finishing. Fully Insured. Top quality, quick work, 604-724-3832 More
Let me tell you the legendary sales people DO NOT spend your time.Some of the liquor is not top shelf.Thank you for deciding.We appreciate your wonderful comments and hope you really have the.I felt so casino luckia arica facebook spoiled.Oh and they will not send you one person it will be 3 people to pressure you in buying time share.The rooms are fantastic.I liked that there was security and cameras and Trains to shuttle you around.The room service is a great idea but wish they had more to chose from.Some restaurants are closed when they shouldn&apos;t.I just got back from my trip here.
The sun bar Filex was tremendous.They said oh 2 hrs.We did it to get a discount on aplicaciones poker android the excursions.Excursions the off riders was soooo amazing.Turístico del Este, km 28 #74, Macao, Municipio de Higüey, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic.They said we will not contact you again after this meeting and they phoned us twice.Your comments are much appreciated!We spent all morning with them on discussing time shares.Thank you for deciding to stay with us during this special trip!We hope you really have the time.See more of Hard Rock Hotel Casino Punta Cana on Facebook.I had my wedding at your hotel on August 11, 2018 And we were blown away with the service we eived.
Happy Halloween all!!!.. it's the final day of DreadTober and I see a lot wrapping it up! .. I got some more of my own done but didn't want to rush it so I haven't finished up the weathering .. but .. this month has been nuts for me so I haven't had a ton of extra time ...
Siph Horridus did an awesome job on his Dread and it tells a cool story.. If you want him you have to go through me!!
Sincain I didn't get him 100% done but he's pretty close.. I didn't get to really do much of the weathering .. but his is where he sits as of the end of DreadTober haha...
I'm going to keep going through the work and posting up completed Dreads tomorrow as people still have one more day to wrap it up.. I hope people had fun and it gave them motivation to get some dreads knocked out !
Managed to get all my dreads finished (emailed you a link) with a mammoth effort on the night before AoP
I had a few issues related to running out of paint (which cost me a full week of painting time due to work and being unable to get to my FLGS during its opening hours) but I got 90% of my Dread done. Missed out on finishing a few final details and the base due to the delay. [I emailed you some images.]
Showcase: Speed Freek Terrain - After finishing most of the Speed Freeks boxset, I turned to the terrain that came with it. I figured I can use this as some scatter terrain during my gam...
Hobby Update: Assorted models from 2018 - For one reason or another, I've painted up a handful of different models from various factions this year, none of which have made it to the blog. So I pres...
Warhammer 40K "OG" Tournament - Yesterday What's New with Mike and Jeff hosted our first annual Warhammer 40K "OG". The event was held at Imperial Outpost Games in Glendale AZ. The "O...
Necromunda - Spyrers, Hired Guns, Hive Scum and Robots! - Howdy folks! Been having some issues getting new pics uploaded to my galleries, but finally got it sorted out and have a whole slew of new pics ready to go...
18/10/18 - So here's the explanation of what's going on. You may have seen a few posts that feature my youngest son [below] I'll start by saying he's fine and doing w...
Guest post: Tutorial on painting miniatures faces - I have been looking for a face painting tutorial for a while that made sense to me and didn't skip anything. This is how I came across The Real Broken Fi...
Cult Uprising Genestealer Cult Showcase - Hi All, Doc here with a showcase post for my Genestealer Cult gang for our upcoming Necromunda Campaign. I have named them the Purple Sun which just poppe...
Dreadtober Complete! - I think this might be a record for me. Not the completion, but actually posting my results before the end of the month! Anyhow, let's take a look at the ac...
Flame of the Emperor. DreadTober Week 4 - Week four of DreadTober, I've fallen very very behind on getting my dread built and painted. So he's at least built now. Left arm has been magnetized to...
A little Captain in ya.. - DreadTober is on and I'm finally feeling a bit better.. Sunday night I could feel it coming on and it's still here.. but last night during the Hobby Hang...
The Doom of Neverness. - Our friend Da Masta Cheef recently painted a Leviathan Dreadnought for Kushial's Lions of Harlech army. It has been nick-named the "Doom of Neverness" by C...
Completed Deff Dread for Dreadtober 2017 - Despite this being one of the busiest months I’ve had in a long while, I have managed to finish the Deff Dread for Dreadtober 2017. Adding another stompi...
DreadTober: Scales of the Hydra: Test Model - Initial Coat - So...I used the Battle Brothers Tutorial for painting Alpha Legion. Great tutorial even for unskilled hands. I basically used his recipe. - Tamiya ...
A little bit of early Saturday laziness is all I can afford right now. Rolling under Ikea duvet, sipping coffee, enjoying my fresh restocked film supplies and mischievously planning my next move in the game called year two.
At this point in my life, I'm pretty sure that in the past few months I had to go through a boundary between this and another reality. Something like Murakami's 1Q84. Or I'm in Wonderland. Maybe I'm Alice, on the other side of the mirror. If only I would have ever finished reading any of these books, maybe now I'd know what to expect. It's unique to see that you think I have everything figured out. I'm not even close! If you're going through hell, keep going. That's what they say. It's hard to come up with a more clever solution. Keep your eyes on the goal, too. It's Friday as I'm writing that post. I feel my brain is semi fried after this week, eyelids heavier than they should be, even if it's 2am. Maybe if I'm in this alternative universe, maybe, just maybe, I can be another person too?
Nothing is happening nowadays, I just keep fighting off the nonsense, which every day brings about. It's such a curious case. Suddenly, people who don't know me, think that I am, in fact, cool. All the attendants at uni refuse to cooperate. And one thing, which is actually the most odd of them all, suddenly, knowing me has become an actual pick up line. Wow, as if I was that solid point of reference that you're a decent person. Don't even make me explain, it's totally weird. Welcome to the inner workings of my world though. Enjoy the ride while it lasts.
I am so far behind in reading your entries, but I'm glad I could read this one. I understand with the nothingness of life, I keep trying to make something happen, but while my sister spends time engrossed in school, and my grandmother reads world news I can't find things to fill my day like they have. It sucks :(
You write with such a nonchalant elegance, it's literally as if I'm stuck in wonderland as my eyes trail through your words. I hope the nothingness makes sense soon. Keep it up, you're one of my favourite bloggers thus far. x
Alright, you are seriously being too nice! With English not being my first language, it's always pretty tough to put my thoughts into words. I'm glad to hear I don't make myself sound like a weirdo! :) THANK YOU A LOT!
Goodness gracious, I adore these photos and the sentence "I feel my brain is semi fried after this week, eyelids heavier than they should be, even if it's 2am. Maybe if I'm in this alternative universe, maybe, just maybe, I can be another person too?" is the best I've read all week. I love how you write and if English isn't your native language I love that you seem to be some kind of word magician. If English is your native language, excuse me but I think you're still some kind of word magician! Lovely blog, I'm happy I stumbled upon here.
Thank you so so much, Louise! English isn't my native language, so excuse me if I ever make any tremendous mistakes. I'm going to follow you back, because you have a lovely blog yourself. So jealous of your trip to London!
How is English not your first language, you are absolutely amazing at writing. You're super talented and you have a pretty great blog too wow! :)
such beautiful language and also perfect pictures! you are so good omg! i was wondering what the where the sheets are from and also what the sheet is called. love from here xx
Oh my Murakami's "The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle" (next on my to read list) and Chbosky's "The Perks of Being a Wallflower", they were lovely reads. I can't get enough of Murakami, I'm currently reading "Norwegian Wood" I can't seem to put it down and the more deeper I get into the book the harder it is to put down. I also note your Doctor Who reference, very clever. ;)
Medical supplies are available at web sites online but simply typing "medical supplies" into the search engine might not locate what you're needing . For things like glucose meters, needles and syringes, and ambulatory produts visit www.http://directmedicalofamerica.com . We carry specialty items for new babies, wheelchair accessories and wound care products as well. The site is well categorized and easy to navigate. At www.directmedicalofamerica.com you'll find unique medical supplies like lift chairs, bath safety items, skin care products, seating and cushions, as well as reading glasses In business since 1992 this site offers supplies for daily living, such as vitamins, and also personal medical supplies such as urological devices and tracheotomy aids.
Direct Medical Supply provides a comprehensive line of adult and pediatric home medical equipment and respiratory services.
When you spend a lot of time sitting down – whether you are in a wheelchair or you spend your entire workday sitting in front of a computer – it can cause many complications. These include back, neck and joint pain, skin sores and trouble breathing. By trying to use good posture, along with daily exercise, stretching and deep breathing techniques, you can have less pain, fewer skin problems and more energy. Plus, you’ll be able to breathe deeper and more easily, digest your food better and experience better blood flow. Good Posture Checklist: Here are some good posture rules to follow if you will be sitting down for an extended period of time. Caretakers also can follow these guidelines for the proper positioning of someone in a wheelchair.
Pelvis upright and level or a little forward, leaving a small space between the base of the back and the back of the chair
Drinking more water will keep your body hydrated and your digestive system functioning well. With an ostomy, your body doesn’t absorb as much water, so it’s especially important that you drink at least 6-8 cups of water daily. To avoid empty calories make water your drink of choice versus sodas and other high-calorie beverages. #2 Schedule Eating Try to eat meals at the same time each day. By sticking to a schedule you’ll be able to manage your output better. You might also consider eating several small meals throughout the day instead of the traditional three meals. More frequent meals can help you minimize gas while regulating output. #3 Keep chewing Take time to chew your food thoroughly. Breaking food down into small pieces as you chew aids in digestion and makes it easier for the output to pass through your stoma. Keep in mind that hard to chew foods such as celery, broccoli and pineapple can cause blockages. #4 Fiber High fiber foods have complex carbohydrates, which take longer for your body to digest. They also contain compounds that your body can’t break down, so your output will probably be bulkier and may even cause some discomfort. Some people with ostomies find that eating too much fiber leads to bloating while too little can cause constipation. #5 Go skinless Consider removing the skins on some fruits and vegetables before eating to avoid potential blockages and other digestive issues. Again, each person is different so you may find that certain fruit peels don’t affect your stoma at all, while others do. #6 Do Not Overeat Eating too much will likely result in increased output, not to mention causing indigestion, bloating and excess gas. Try keeping your portion sizes in check by serving food on salad plates instead of larger, dinner-sized plates and reviewing food labels to figure out the right serving size. #7 Keep A Log Keep a log of the foods that you eat for a week. Record the time and amount you ate. At the end of the week review your entries to figure out your own eating habits and how you can improve. For example, if every day at 3 p.m. you reach for a cookie, maybe you need to plan for your craving and have a healthy alternative on hand. This log can also guide you to avoid certain foods that might cause constipation, diarrhea or gas. *After ostomy surgery, your doctor may put you on a special diet and then have you gradually reintroduce foods to minimize digestion problems. Talk to your health care provider if you have any questions or concerns about your diet.*
Over 65 years Supplying the Trade Wardsflex are specialist engineers, designing and manufacturing top quality sewer cleaning equipment, drain tools, and an extensive range of accessories. Anything we don't fabricate ourselves is manufactured for us or sourced from carefully vetted and trusted suppliers. Wardsflex aim to provide a comprehensive selection of products that will deliver great service in harsh conditions over their whole life.
With over sixty years experience supplying the drainage industry our typical customers include; Water and Wastewater Utility Companies, Local Authorities, large and small drain and sewer cleaning contractors, in addition to most of the franchised and private drain cleaning companies.
Overseas Customers Wardsflex export direct to many customers worldwide and we are able to give personal service to manage the export to suit the customers individual needs. Wardsflex can offer competitively priced shipping options by sea, air or road freight, or simply supply the goods ex-works, packed and ready for collection by your own shipping agent.
Experiance & Knowledge At Wardsflex we pride ourselves on our knowledge of the industry and our understanding of the needs of our customers. We are always looking to improve and expand the service we can offer and therefore value your feedback on any issue. Whilst we regularly add new products to our online catalogue, it is not always possible to list every product we supply. Please do contact us if there is a specific item you need but are unable to source as we may already have something suitable to offer.
Wardsflex are specialist engineers, designing and manufacturing top quality sewer cleaning equipment, drain tools, and an extensive range of accessories. Anything we don't fabricate ourselves is sourced from carefully vetted and trusted suppliers. Wardsflex aim to provide a comprehensive selection of products that will deliver great service in harsh conditions over their whole life.
Wardsflex export direct to many customers worldwide and we are able to give personal service to manage the export to suit the customers individual needs.aboutpic2.jpg Wardsflex can offer competitively priced shipping options by sea, air or road freight, or simply supply the goods ex-works, packed and ready for collection by your own shipping agent.
At Wardsflex we pride ourselves on our knowledge of the industry and our understanding of the needs of our customers. We are always looking to improve and expand the service we can offer and therefore value your feedback on any issue. Whilst we regularly add new products to our online catalogue, it is not always possible to list every product we supply. Please do contact us if there is a specific item you need but are unable to source as we may already have something suitable to offer.
Chiropractic Specialty Centers are collaborated therapy centers that treat spine, joint and sports injuries with State-of-the-Art Technology not found in the Kingdom. We are happy to report that soon we will be launching centers through the kingdom.
Contact Rocky Hill Eye Associates, Optometrist in CT, for unique and very Specialized Optometry fields such as Behavioral Optometrist CT and Neuro Optometry Rocky Hill CT. There have been direct lines drawn between Children with ADD and Optometry.
Every married woman knows perfectly well how difficult it is to build a good relationship with her husband's mother. Therefore, we have prepared for you a wonderful cheat sheet - the horoscope of mother-in-law! Take advantage of our tips and do not forget to share with your friends!
Your “second mother” is generous and merciful. In its relationship with the son of a woman, Aries will not tolerate any scandals. With the same standards, she will approach the young wife, but only if she perceives her as her own. While maintaining a distance in a relationship, you are guaranteed any necessary assistance. But be careful! Do not get too close to the husband's mother, because in this case, you risk becoming her hyper-cured child.
Usually, the mother-in-law Taurus behaves calmly and very rationally, but with respect to his son’s young wife, he can become super-caring. She is ready to accept you into her family only as a beloved daughter.In this case, care and custody await you, but in addition you will receive a million trifles. We advise you to learn to keep a reasonable distance, because only in this case, the mother-in-law Taurus will not try to interfere in your family. But you should not clash with it! Plots and intrigues await you, and maybe even open scandals. So try not to become a victim of provocation.
In relationships with both his son and his sister-in-law, Gemini’s mother-in-law knows how to avoid conflicts. She is ready to provide the necessary help to young people in the first years of their life together, but only if you get along with her characters. Otherwise, you will be surprised at her irritability, excessive straightness and impulsivity, so be careful. We advise you to immediately build warm, friendly relations and become a real daughter for the mother-in-law.
For many daughters-in-law, the nature of the mother-in-law of Cancer becomes a complete surprise. In this role, the hospitable Rakinii is transformed into an imperious person who wants to control not only his son, but also his entire newly-made family. But such a mother-in-law, if necessary, will always provide emergency assistance andsupport She may be stingy, but she can always give valuable advice. We recommend keeping a distance with mother-in-law Cancer. Only in this case, you are guaranteed peace of mind.
The mother-in-law, born under the sign of Leo, is strict with everyone around, but not with her son. If she likes her sister-in-law, the Lioness will show all her positive qualities in full. If you decide not to get too close to her, then the mother-in-law will be absolutely indifferent to you. In this case, you are only waiting for her superficial interest without any concern for your fate.
A caring Virgin in relations with her son begins to strongly resemble a Capricorn woman - demanding and domineering, practical and restrained. This attitude does not pass the young daughter-in-law. With such a mother in law, a new family has every chance to remain in a powerless situation. We advise you to keep a low profile, then your “second mother” will calm down and become homely and caring again. After all, all her power is caused only by the fear that the young will make mistakes.
This mother-in-law is sweet and pleasant. Weights have a good friendly relationship with their son.We advise you to get close to the mother-in-law, Libra, because in this case you will become her own daughter, whom she will surround with real warmth and care.
A representative of this zodiac sign will be loyal to both her son and his young wife. The mother-in-law of Scorpio is able to forgive them a lot. However, we do not advise to quarrel with her, because the love of intrigue, curiosity and vindictiveness of Scorpioshes can fairly ruin your family life. Keep a distance with her, and then the mother-in-law will provide you with the necessary assistance. Without criticism, of course, will not do, but here it will have to be patient.
Despite the fact that in ordinary life the Strelchyha is sociable and agile, becoming a mother-in-law, she turns into an egocentric tyrant. We advise you to keep a reasonable distance with her and in no case do not move into the category of a daughter. Love with each other's mother-in-law at a distance, so both of you will be more likely to maintain a positive relationship.
Despite her occupation, the mother-in-law Capricorn will always be strict and restrained. She tries to act according to the rules of the role assigned to her, and demands the same from others. Such a mother-in-law will relate to a young daughter-in-law calmly, balancedly and without unnecessary emotions.Since it is rather pleasant to communicate with Capricorus in everyday life, we advise the sister-in-law to get close to her. You do not want to deal with the ever-suspicious and grumbling “second mom”?
Aquarius woman in the role of mother-in-law does not change at all. If the daughter-in-law does not move away from her, such a mother-in-law will be sociable, but superficial, curious and not too sincere. In other words, this is the perfect mother-in-law. If she does not notice any special affection on your part, she will simply leave you and her husband to live at their own discretion, occasionally engaging in lengthy moralizing.
The representative of this zodiacal sign can be easily classified as impractical and dreamy women. However, with the daughter-in-law, Pisces is able to show the characteristic features of Cancer: capriciousness and touchiness, care and sincerity. We do not recommend moving away from it, because in this case the attitude towards you will be pretty cool.
Ambassador Chee-a-Tow, presented the painting to Minister of Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade, Maxine McClean in a brief ceremony this morning. She said "she understood the importance of our country's presence overseas and strived to increase art's dynamic role in promoting Barbados' culture abroad."
Many breweries begin life as a labor of love, with all of the intimate touches of a business raised from the home. The feel many breweries encapsulate is something big business pay from the nose for. Running an advertising campaign and the associated PR methods that go with it isn’t the reserve of big companies, though; as Forbes outline, advertising can be done from $5/day.
If you’re looking to grow your brew operation from a small size upwards, a good PR image can help you go along way. From promoting workers rights to harnessing local traditions, or joining up with local charities, there are a hundred ways to craft a great image. This will ultimately help to ensure your business legacy.
Simple advertising involves putting your product out there and getting people in the shop to purchase it. Some advertising campaigns have been radical, changing entire markets, such as the famous Got Milk? campaign. Public relations differs from advertising as it relates to your relationship with customers and the media. Whereas advertising is somewhat opaque, public relations offers greater benefits by building brand recognition and a positive attitude towards your business that is spread through your customers.
The initial steps of public relations concern building a rapport with your local area and media. How can a brewing business do this? One good way is by supporting local businesses – and emphasizing this in press releases and moments with the local press. Opt for local crops, water and labor force. Provide an open door to the press – be seen as open and welcoming, and to the public too. Brewery tours are a great way of achieving this. Using these first easy steps, you can build an initial rapport with the public, and the media, and create a positive basic imagine of your company. There’s also a good chance you’ll attract more workers, enthusiastic to get involved with your business.
The next logical step for a positive public relations image is charity. Charity is deployed by businesses of all sizes for the wide range of benefits it brings – it provides opportunity local communities, providing better workers; it attracts more sales to the company, boosting profits; and it quite simply does something for those less fortunate. As a small business, it can be difficult to find the cash for charity giveaways.
Even if you’re not able to put your own cash in initially, you can run charity events. Statistics show that Americans love to give, sending $410bn to charity in 2017, according to GivingUSA figures. Being the host for a charity event in which members of the public provide donations is a great way of promoting the name of your business and associating yourself with good press; all you need exchange is the facilitation of an event and some produce to entice attendees. As your business grows, you can become a sponsor or set up a grant-based foundation scheme.
With advertising in place, the next logical step for businesses is PR. Rather than being reserved for large businesses, PR works at all levels to generate a good business image and attract a better bottom line. Making simple changes today will help your business to grow and secure your legacy for years.
Hey Buddy!, I found this information for you: "Creating A Lasting Legacy With PR For Your Brewery". Here is the website link: http://brewingwork.com/blog/creating-a-lasting-legacy-with-pr-for-your-brewery/. Thank you.
Your child has been diagnosed with hydrocephalus, a condition in which extra fluid builds up in the brain. This condition is sometimes referred to as “water on the brain.” The most common treatment for hydrocephalus is insertion of a shunt. This tube drains fluid from the brain to another space in the body, where it can be safely absorbed. Here's what you need to know about home care.
Wash your child’s incision each day with mild soap. Rinse the incision with water and gently pat it dry.
Don’t allow your child to soak in water (in the bathtub or swimming pool) until the incision is completely healed.
Be aware that if your child needs an MRI, the newer shunts are MRI compatible. Check with your healthcare provider to be sure.
For infants and toddlers, be sure to use a rectal thermometer correctly. A rectal thermometer may accidentally poke a hole in (perforate) the rectum. It may also pass on germs from the stool. Always follow the product maker’s directions for proper use. If you don’t feel comfortable taking a rectal temperature, use another method. When you talk to your child’s healthcare provider, tell him or her which method you used to take your child’s temperature.
Here are guidelines for fever temperature. Ear temperatures aren’t accurate before 6 months of age. Don’t take an oral temperature until your child is at least 4 years old.
Rectal or forehead (temporal artery) temperature of 100.4°F (38°C) or higher, or as directed by the provider
Rectal, forehead (temporal artery), or ear temperature of 102°F (38.9°C) or higher, or as directed by the provider
Fever that lasts more than 24 hours in a child under 2 years old. Or a fever that lasts for 3 days in a child 2 years or older.
glass dome cake stands cake stand with dome cake stands with domes dome cake stand home cake stands with domes cake stand with dome glass dome cake stand lakeland.
Fiona. hi, i'm aga, 24 years old lady from poland. i'm a country girl, i come from a small village, so as all people from my area, i like being straight forward, easy going, helpful and friendly.
Milena. what i like are simple things such as cinema, restaurant, night club,travelling inside and outside of country, sports (ski, snowboard, swimming),cooking etc...
With the amount of different resources accessible for cooking, it might look like there is an information overload -- leaving you feel extremely overwhelmed. However, just by by using these simple tricks you are able to simply and efficiently learn strategies to prepare and serve top quality food that the whole family will delight in!
Prepare cooking prior to deciding to actually start cooking. The prep work should be done before you even start cooking. Sometimes regardless if the prep jobs are done, the deadline for when the meal must be completed can continue to loom large and be stressful. If every one of the prep jobs are completed well prior to the actual cooking begins, this will aid alleviate some stress later.
Something you can do should you be cooking cauliflower is to add milk, that helps to brighten your vegetable. This may improve the aesthetic appeal of your food and will also retain the freshness until you decide to serve it to your family or friends.
Put in a small pinch of sea salt to your ground coffee immediately before brewing. This will include a great punch of flavor to every cup. This technique is successful in either a conventional coffee machine or a french press. Don't add the salt before brewing time though, or perhaps your coffee flavor is going to be compromised.
Always choose to cook having a wine which you would drink yourself. When you don't even just like the taste of your wine that you are cooking with, most likely you may wind up disliking anything you are making! So select an excellent wine you are aware of you adore, and you will definitely like your dish a lot more.
Frequently your burgers can stick to your grill and it can be extremely hard to free them without destroying them. Try brushing vegetable oil in the cooking surface before cooking in order that food is not going to stick.
Looking to cook with little children running around beneath your feet? Let them have something to accomplish. Any small and simple task can certainly make them feel like they can be helping with all the meal, and it will surely have them away from trouble for any little while when you make an effort to end up the dish that you are currently working so desperately on.
You should try juicing should you not like the taste of vegetables. It is extremely easy to mask the flavour of the vegetables by juicing them fruits that are filled with flavor. Spinach, zucchini and carrots may be easily juiced with apples, strawberries and pears to produce a delicious drink that is full of nutrients and vitamins.
When sautéing vegetables using Pomace organic olive oil is an excellent alternative to butter that should be used. The Pomace organic olive oil is very affordable and will give vegetables a light flavor that is quite delicious. You can buy the Pomace extra virgin olive oil at any Middle Eastern food store. It really is less carbs and in price that makes it extremely appealing.
When picking out a melon for purchase, make sure that it really is still fresh. Often, people get sick from melons which have gone bad. You can examine its freshness by checking the area of the melon which was linked to the vine. If it is soft, then your melon continues to be good.
To quickly cut herbs, bind herbs together and snip with scissors. This results in light and fluffy herbs, and prevents the wetness that can occur when you chop them.
The best way to 'un-seize' melted chocolate. When the chocolate you will be melting suddenly gets lumpy or grainy, this simply means it has 'seized', and it will surely ruin a recipe. Remove the pan and add 1/2 to 1 tsp of shortening or cooking oil (not butter or margarine). Stir up until the mixture becomes smooth again. To avoid seizing, make sure the pan is entirely dry before attempting to melt chocolate.
As was shown in the above article, there are many methods of cooking to get more interesting and a lesser hassle. Following the information provided within the article should assist you to figure out how to have fun when you are cooking and enjoy it.
Thank you so much for providing individuals with such a marvellous chance to read articles and blog posts from this blog. It can be very superb and as well , stuffed with fun for me personally and my office fellow workers to search your web site at a minimum three times in a week to read through the latest issues you have. Not to mention, we are at all times pleased with your tremendous methods you give. Selected 2 tips in this post are basically the most impressive we have ever had.
I would like to point out my respect for your kind-heartedness in support of folks that actually need help on this important area. Your personal dedication to getting the solution all through was remarkably good and have surely made some individuals much like me to attain their goals. Your personal useful facts signifies a lot a person like me and somewhat more to my fellow workers.
Search engine optimization might be a generally easy idea to know in principle, but when you jump on-the-job, you can get so that it is a rather daunting task. There are so many different outlets will climb the ranks of a search engine and acquire the publicity you will need for the company. The advice throughout this short article will help you get on your path and frame of mind.
An experienced SEO consultant will help you optimize your website for online search engine indexing. SEO is really a complex and ever-evolving process, and you simply cannot maintain it yet still devote sufficient a chance to your website's core business. A Search Engine Marketing professional, though, is expert in the latest wrinkles in the major search engines optimization process.
Ensure your website has authority. Search engine marketing is only able to succeed once your customers or audience have confidence with your brand. A passionate and simple to keep in mind website address is an excellent first step in developing a brand people can remember a long time after they've finished checking out your site.
Monitor and analyze your search engine marketing efforts regularly. Should you don't do that you will possess no way of knowing which SEO methods are operating. The simplest way to track and evaluate SEO jobs are to sign up with websites that will reveal how search engines index your web site, the original source of your respective website's traffic plus your website's backlinks.
Get a domain name that's both memorable and connected to the services you provide or products. These are generally especially helpful for people who find your content on YouTube as they are simple to say and to remember.
Make sure your keywords are both relevant and specific to site content. A tag containing a more generic keyword phrase (i.e.: Classic Rock Music) will face very heavy competition inside the SERP, where as something more specific (i.e.: Rolling Stones Music) will almost certainly obtain your higher the list. An increased ranking is one way to improve targeted traffic to your web site.
Include a selection of content in your site including podcasts, videos and social content feeds (from Twitter, for example) to help you your search engine marketing. You'll discover that search engines like yahoo place sites with dynamic content higher on search engine results pages many sites create the mistake of thinking links will be the only important aspect in raising their ranks.
Attempt to move yourself outside the more rigid AP style rules, especially on second references, and toward a search engine marketing-friendly using full names in subsequent references in your own story. This can benefit you because the search engine results page is still based, partly, on keyword density and repetition.
Make use of keywords wisely. Include a keyword phrase inside the main title of your own page so it will be a basic and efficient approach to finding you. Optimizing your skill to become quickly recognized is vital, so remember that placement is essential to the keywords. Your blog or page title having a keyword phrase in it is rather prone to attract attention.
By careful and attentive tweaking of website content and page tags, webmasters can greatly boost their websites' position on search engine results pages. It is crucial that they earn these favored positions, though. An internet site that is tweaked into high standing on the outcomes pages will get a lot of traffic - but it will not keep any one of it if its content articles are sub-par. Content articles are king.
Understand that keywords or phrases on each of your pages should total to around 3 to 5 percent from the total text in the pages. Your keywords should be spread across multiple pages, not simply focusing only around the homepage, as all your pages carry an importance. Your page could have more entry points whether it has more ranks.
Since the web is stuffed with useless information today, it is essential to take these guidelines given within the article with importance and never having a grain of salt. Otherwise, you will turn out spending much more time searching than necessary to find what you are looking for.
I desired to say thanks again. I do not know the things I could possibly have handled in the absence of these tactics documented by you over such subject. It was actually the depressing circumstance for me personally, nevertheless taking a look at the very specialised tactic you solved that made me to jump with joy. I'm happy for your support and as well , trust you recognize what an amazing job you happen to be undertaking instructing people today thru a web site. Most likely you have never got to know all of us.
Theater for Young Audiences tickets cannot be refunded; however, you may call until 10 am on the day of your performance to exchange your tickets for
If youre more of a know-it-all type of gal, youll be happy to hear that Zalora is publishing a beauty blog on the website. Not only
To them so there is a good thing!) then a night - 10 per vehicle per reservation. To paris, france in 1970, and their lives. Not
Avenue promo codes, 420 single-use codes, 5 sales and 1 third-party deal. Read our expert guide to finding promo codes for stores that rarely offer them. Get Offer, sAVE, see More Details, verified - Used 33 Times in the Last Month. Look for the box labeled "Enter promo code" and paste your promo code in that box. Expired and Not Verified, saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH Promo Codes Offers. Go back to m and proceed to checkout. Read these expert tips. Saks Fifth Avenue promo codes sometimes have exceptions on certain categories or brands. Save, see More Details, verified on 7/23/18 - Used 653 Times in the Last Month.
On average, Saks Fifth Avenue offers 50 codes or coupons per month. Top Rated, saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH Coupons and Offers 38 Success save, see More Details, verified on 7/24/18 - Used 15 Times Yesterday. Start Shopping at m More Information We encourage you to read our updated privacy policy and cookie policy X do not click me or you&apos;ll be permabanned. About Saks Fifth Avenue, saks Fifth Avenue is a major department store which operates the website. Save, see More Details, verified - Used 14 Times in the Last Week. Check this page often, or follow Saks Fifth Avenue (hit the follow button up top) to keep updated on their latest discount codes. Look for the blue "site-wide" label for site-wide Saks Fifth Avenue promo codes. Get Offer, sAVE, see More Details, verified - Used 29 Times in the Last Month.
Free W/P, sale 60 OFF. Click to open the code, then click "copy" to copy the coupon code to your clipboard. Free gift, code, fREE gift, code, fREE gift, code, fREE W/P, code, fREE W/P, code 70 OFF, sale 60 OFF. Get Offer, sAVE, see More Details, verified - Used 66 Times in the Last Month. Go to m then select the items you wish to purchase and add them to your shopping cart. Free shipping, code 25 OFF, sale. They are either expired or are not currently valid. Once you apply the promo code, your savings should be applied, and you can complete checkout. Saks Fifth Avenue offers promo codes often.
As soon as you are ready to get started on scheduling your own Security Camera Systems venture, give Security Camera System Guys a phone call by dialing 888-419-8864. Our friendly and experienced customer care personnel are going to happily take your call, reply to your questions, provide you with information, and set up an appointment to talk with our expert Security Camera Systems contractors. Within your arranged appointment, you'll be able to talk about all the details about the project and troubleshoot any troubles that might arise during the job. We'll make sure that the business or home is prepared for work, generate a strategy that will satisfy your needs, then set that strategy into action with quickness and total professionalism.
You're able to depend on Security Camera System Guys to complete your own Security Camera Systems work at an inexpensive rate and within a well-timed way. Security Camera System Guys would like to become your go-to provider for all your Security Camera Systems support needs. We understand all of the complexities of Security Camera Systems, and we have the experience and know-how to make sure that the entire project flows successfully. We aren't done unless you are pleased with the work.
Saving cash is a vital part for any kind of Security Camera Systems venture. Also, you are looking for excellent quality work, so Security Camera System Guys gives you both. We can offer you expert solutions to work with just about any spending budget, so you can rest assured that the Security Camera Systems work is not going to break the bank.
We will invariably present you with a definitive quote of the time frame necessary for the job and let you know when you are able count on our staff to show up to start the task. If something changes, we shall explain immediately. By simply saving your time, you'll save money, so we appreciate the value of concluding your job quickly. We will not squander your hours with the usual blunders that come up with other companies. This means that you spend less time and money thanks to our own specialized superiority. Apart from time savings, our excellent performance helps you to save costs on supplies.
You're able to trust us! Start setting up your Security Camera Systems job by contacting us at 888-419-8864 now!
Etnies Zip Hoodies : Farben & Designs,Schuhe Germany Günstige Kaufen,Kleidung, Schuhe & Zubehör Für Frauen
The Crazy Cloud Collection is a collision, a contradiction, a collaboration. Choreographed in 2010 by Ko Murobushi and inkBoat’s Shinichi Iova-Koga, Crazy Cloud returns for a North American tour this spring. The two co-directing artists – one recognized at the leading inheritor of Hijkata’s Butoh, the other, an inventor of a hybrid style of physical theater, Butoh and martial arts – invite a third collaborator to share the stage: the ghost of rebel monk Ikkyu. Carla Kihlstedt, Matthias Bossi & Shahzad Ismaily created the sound score for Crazy Cloud, a paradoxical experience that Bossi describes as “a waking dream in which a trusted ally tells you that everything is the right answer, but that the EVERYTHING must be distilled, essentialized. It represented the co-mingling of complete freedom, ultimate restraint, and unbridled bravery.” Contributing artist Sherwood Chen illustrates the improvisatory tasks used to mine and morph movement material: “evoking the centered and fluid yurei (ghost) movement, inarticulate thirst in the body, transforming from Ikkyu himself to his blind musician lover Shinjo who was decades his junior, tracking the crow’s caw which legend says instantaneously induced in himsatori (enlightenment), and embodying a mercurial mirage-memory of Shinjo.” Along with these movement and sound interpretations, in Crazy Cloud Iova-Koga and Murobushi collect the poetry, history, legends, and all the possible identities of the enigmatic Ikkyu and weave them into an intimate and irreverent, subtly smiling koan. only one koan matters you ~Ikkyu Ikkyu (1394-1481) is considered one of the most significant and eccentric figures in Zen Buddhism. The facts of his life have perhaps morphed into myth, but he remains a folk hero to many. He is renowned and respected for his irreverent and straightforward insights into life and the human experience. Ikkyu’s life and work were filled with contradictions, shining examples of the paradox that is Zen. Master of poetry, calligraphy and music, as well as vagabond and patron of brothels and bars, he was immersed in both “high” and “low” culture. He was sharply critical of formalistic religion and the false piety he perceived in the Buddhism of his time, yet reached a position of high stature in Daitoku-ji, a prestigious temple in Kyoto. In this man, polarities collided – the refined and the crass, the frank and the esoteric. His name roughly translates into “One Pause,” signifying his moment of enlightenment that fell in the space between two crow calls. In contrast to this name, which conjures images of peace, is Ikkyu’s nickname, Crazy Cloud.
Just back from the Vancouver International Dance Festival where inkBoat performed Line Between Review of Line Between by Rita Felciano
inkBoat’s surreal Line Between (Dec. 3, ODC Theater, San Francisco) often took my breath away. A team effort between Shinichi Iova-Koga, who has Butoh and Japanese theater in his background, and Dohee Lee, with training in shamanic Korean practices, Line brought together two artists rooted in disparate traditions. Yet both are attempting to mine that heritage for decidedly twenty-first century theatrical expressions. Line, smoothly directed in her debut by Dana Iova-Koga, is an ambitious, beautifully thought out and mesmerizing work, one of inkBoat’s finest. The premise behind the hour-long piece is the state of being between sleep and wakefulness; it’s one in which dreams bleed into the every-day except for the fact that you can’t quite remember them. It’s also, as many artists have testified, a place of semi-consciousness that allows creative impulses to arise in a way not always possible when fully alert. The two choreographers/dancers assembled as series of images into a floating stream that connect to each other even as they keep their own identity. Not all of them communicated equally well. Instances of crawling on all fours, or stirring a bucket to generate music, for instance, remained one-dimensional. But at their best these dream sequences, which ranged from ecstasy to terror, struck resonant chords. Concepts of normalcy and reason were upended. Iova-Koga, on top of a huge unbalanced ladder, yearned for the void; a bed sucked him up as if into a maelstrom. Lee hopped rabbit-like, swung her braids like a whip and turned into an incubus trying to suffocate her partner. She threw pebbles against his dice. The two engaged in a shadowy tango; they also exploded into a hysterical hoe-down. A veiled Peiling Kao acted the “invisible” stagehand commonly found in Japanese theater. A delicate, precise presence, she moved props but also entered the choreography, for instance, making circle dances possible when she wasn’t engaged in hanging long underwear onto a clothesline. Line’s received essential contributions from its designers and musicians who became equals in creating the poetic reality that the work became. Amy Rathbone’s panels shaped a dream space with the luminosity of Japanese rice paper. Oddly placed windows in a façade revealed and hid secrets; a few potted plants suggested ordinariness. Allen Willner’s brilliant lighting contracted and expanded those spaces. Best of all, perhaps, was Jason Ditzian and Suki O’Kane’s music that shifted between fore-and backgrounding itself throughout this wondrous dream ballet.
Watch a video by MANCC of the Crazy Cloud creative process. Read Sherwood Chen's 2010article about the Crazy Cloud residency, quoted at right. Follow the Crazy Cloudconversation on Facebookand Twitter. We'll be posting thoughts from Ko, Shinichi, the dancers and musicians, as well as poems by Ikkyu. Don't miss this peek behind-the-scenes as Ko & inkBoat recreate Crazy Cloud.
Dig and cultivate body as frontier, to find out hidden untouched field of emotions, memories and sensations...
Dear Friends and Colleagues! We are so excited to share with you the official world premier of Floating Point Waves... 4 years in the making and the culmination of a three-year residency at the Obie Award Winning downtown theater HERE! We are so happy with this work and we can't wait to have its premier in NY and then sending it out into the world! Before the show can go on, we need to raise $4,500 dollars. So here is where you come in. We are launching an online fundraising campaign. We have about 30 days to raise our goal. Please check our page, we have prepared great perks for donors, ranging from original screen savers to digital albums to books, dinners, original art work (a good chance to start your art collection or grow it) and even a custom made installation for your house or garden! Not amount is too small or too large. Besides you will be warmly remember for being involve in this epic project. TAKE ME TO CAMPAIGN PAGE
In the meanwhile tickets are on sale now! We hope to have your support by donating funds to our campaign and by having your presence in the theater. HERE presents Floating Point Waves LEIMAY: Ximena Garnica and Shige Moriya in collaboration with Jeremy D. Slater and Solomon Weisbard April 6-8, 10-14 | 8:30 PM Meditative stillness and physical extremity converge in a mesmerizing experience constructed by LEIMAY, the duo behind CAVE, The New York Butoh Festival and the upcoming Soak Festival. Floating Point Waves is an environment of strings, water, solo dance, real-time video, and live electronic music that unveils the relationship between the human body and natural elements. Movement, water, and light respond to one another as an organic causal chain unfolds, echoing that of our own natural world. Startling performance and exquisite design reverberate through the space, framing a landscape where beauty coexists with darkness. 10 de Febrero de 2012
By downloading the Biap software you accept the conditions that it is not used for clinical work and not for commercial activities.
Citation guide our citation guide will assist you in mla, apa, and chicago style formatting even though workscited4u automatically formats bibliographies, it's still important for students and researchers to learn how to cite sources manually. Apa formatting guide the rules and guidelines of the style are outlined in the publication manual of the american psychological association according to apa formatting, a paper should include four sections: title page, abstract, main body, and references the manual provides style guidelines for each. American psychological association rules for formatting papers, in-text citations, and end references examples based on the sixth edition of the publication manual from the apa by alexis carlson how to correctly format your references at the end of your apa style paper. Citing your sources: apa the williams honor system requires you to properly acknowledge sources you have used in course assignments this guide provides basic information on how to cite sources and examples for formatting citations in common citation styles.
The guide provides an overview of apa format, specifically dealing with the formatting of a cover page, citations, bibliography [] - 200 words or under is a good general rule of thumb to go by when you’re writing your paper. Apa citation style or format is the most used international standard for citation of sources in academic papers this page summarizes apa citation rules for citing electronic reference sources on the. The title of the references page is capitalized and centered at the top of the page without any formatting, including bold, italics, underlining, or quotation marks avoid mislabeling the references page as “works cited,” “sources,” or “bibliography.
Apa format is the official style of the american psychological association (apa) and is commonly used to cite sources in psychology, education, and the social sciences the apa style originated in a 1929 article published in psychological bulletin that laid out the basic guidelines. What is the apa citation style the apa citation style (6th edition) is a parenthetical author-date style, so you need to put the author’s last name and the publishing date into parentheses wherever another source is used in the narrative the apa format consists of in-text citations and a reference list, along with guidelines for formatting the paper itself. Apa style guide: apa format guidelines getting started web sources & multimedia legal sources multimedia citing sources in text formatting an apa paper apa sample paper the requested page is not currently available due to visibility settings print page login to libapps report a problem subjects: citation guides tags. Apa style sample reference page 1 prepared by susan lester, center for academic excellence, saint joseph college, august 2009 following is a sample reference page constructed according to the sixth edition of the.
Apa bibliography, aka apa reference page, is called simply references it starts on a separate page after your paper conclusion and has “references” typed on the first line the text is centered, but neither bold nor capitalized. Apa style is a writing style and format for academic documents such as scholarly journal articles and books it is commonly used for citing sources within the field of social sciences it is described in the style guide of the american psychological association (apa), which is titled the publication manual of the american psychological. Note that on easybibcom, when using the easybib citation generator, it will format your references list, alphabetized and indented, and ready to hand in how to format an apa style paper: your teacher may want you to format your paper using apa’s guidelines.
How to create a reference page in an apa-formatted paper for better viewing quality, please select 720p hd from the quality setting (next to the closed captioning button. Citing sources: formatting your paper & reference list see the publication manual of the american psychological association pp 228-230 for general guidelines and/or chapter 2, manuscript structure and content, for more detail insert apa header & page numbers. A reference list lists only the sources you refer to in your writing the purpose of the reference list is to allow your sources to be be found by your reader it also gives credit to authors you have consulted for their ideas. American psychological association, or apa, style is a citation format widely used in the field of the humanities apa style uses both a reference page that collects all the sources used in your research and in-text citations for any information in your paper that draws from your sources.
The authority on apa style and the 6th edition of the apa publication manual find tutorials, the apa style blog, how to format papers in apa style, and other resources to help you improve your writing, master apa style, and learn the conventions of scholarly publishing. An abstract in apa format in some cases, after formatting your apa style paper cover page, you can proceed straight to the contents of your work. Apa (american psychological association) style is most frequently used within the social sciences, in order to cite various sources this apa citation guide, revised according to the 6th edition of the apa manual, provides the general format for in-text citations and the reference page. Each time you add a new citation to your document, word adds that source so that it appears in the bibliography in the proper format, such as mla, apa, and chicago-style for information on creating your bibliography, see create a bibliography.
A comprehensive guide to apa citations and format overview of this guide: this page provides you with an overview of apa format included is information about referencing, various citation formats with examples for each source type, and other helpful information. To learn more about apa referencing, including the american psychological association's blog, formatting questions, see more across the site here and if you’d like to cite your sources in mla format, check out bibme’s mla page other citation styles are available as well. A complete online environment rooted in apa style, apa style central is an institutional solution that provides students, instructors, and researchers with an authoritative collection of scholarly learning, research, writing, and publishing tools necessary to master the application of apa style. Citefast is a free apa, mla and chicago citation generator generate references, bibliographies, in-text citations and title pages quickly and accurately available format print online/electronic i am citing chapter or entire book if your work cited page contains multiple references by the same author, include the author's last name.
a comparison of red dress by alice munro and rebel without a cause by nicholas ray in character acti
There, she has built up a research group and a laboratory, focusing on the development and application of advanced chemical analyses (using hplc/q-tof-ms and gc/ms) for identification and characterization of organic compounds in aerosols and other complex matrixes such as bio-oils. Identifying organic compounds partners_____ background the foods you eat are made of organic compounds you can perform chemical test slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising. Organic compounds lab introduction: living things depend on the energy and building materials from organic (carbon) compounds such as carbohydrates, proteins, and fats simple laboratory tests can identify the presence of specific organic compounds.
Understanding of the concepts in this particular lab and organic molecules unit in addition, there will be a lab practical (ks: 20pts) on this content this packet includes: practice for identifying independent variables, dependent variables, and controls the chemistry of life complex organic molecules exist because of carbon’s unique. Chm230 identification of unknowns lab adapted from introduction to organic laboratory techniques by pavia, lampman, and kriz 3rd edition and organic chemistry laboratory standard and microscale experiments by rodig, bell, and clark. Identifying organic compounds lab essay identifying organic compounds problem: based on the color of the indicator, which type of organic compound will be found in each type of food hypothesis: if benedict solution is added to honey, then it will turn if biuret solution is added to egg whites, then it will turn. This lab was done to test what organic compounds were most prominent within certain staple foods the importance of this test was so that we could know what exactly was in our foods, that way we were able to determine if that food was actually healthy or not.
An experiment that emphasizes the separation and identification of organic compounds is described students are given a mixture of a solid ketone and a solid alcohol and asked to separate and identify the two components first the students use tlc to determine the optimum solvent system to separate. Wash the test tubes thoroughly 4 organic compound lab – data table lipids substances paper bag results lipid present (√) color after sudan test carbohydrates lipids present identifying organic compounds analyzing stomach contents handout testing for carbohydrates, lipids and proteins organic compounds lab identifying nutrients. Organic compounds lab objectives: by the end of this lab, students should be able to 1) identify various molecules contained in certain foods by using indicators 2) collect data signifying positive or negative results to different food tests conducted to determine the presence of organic compounds a color change of an.
In this lab you will study carbohydrates, proteins and fats you will learn how to test for each of these organic molecules by clicking on the boxes below complete each of the tests for carbohydrates, proteins and fats. In the organic smell identification chemistry laboratory kit, students take a “whiff” of 20 volatile organic compounds having pleasant, familiar odors students will identify natural sources of the same scents and study their structure aromatherapy—it’s organic chemistry introduce students. Purpose: to use indicators to test for the presence of organic compounds in certain substances hypothesis: honey will contain sugars, egg white contains proteins, corn oil contains lipids, oats contains starches and proteins, gelatin contains sugars and proteins, potatoes contain starch, and apple juice contains lipids and sugars. This identifying organic compounds worksheet is suitable for 9th - 12th grade in this organic compound lab worksheet, students complete 5 pre-lab questions before testing a variety of common foods to determine which organic compound is present. Identifying organic compounds lab report answers video lab identifying organic and inorganic compounds - duration: identifying unknown organic compounds: solubility, functional group and.
Ch 242 experiment #2 chemical and spectroscopic identification of unknown organic compounds background in this lab you will be given a series of unknown compounds, either in pure form or. Read organic compounds lab report free essay and over 88,000 other research documents organic compounds lab report identifying organic compounds joe harris 11/12/07 1 background organic compounds are, by definition, any chemical compound containing carbon these compounds. Laboratory experiments for gob chemistry will use the chemical tests to identify the functionality of an unknown organic compound in addition, you will use a water solubility test to determine whether your organic compound is of high or low formula.
Find organic compounds lesson plans and worksheets showing 1 - 200 of 215 resources in this organic compound lab learning exercise, students complete 5 pre-lab questions before testing a variety of common foods to determine which organic compound is present students complete 50 multiple choice questions on naming and identifying. Certain volatile organic compounds are produced naturally, and metabolism may alter their concentration with storage whole blood samples for voc measurement are stored at 2–6ºc. Organic compounds lab report essay identifying organic compounds joe harris 11/12/07 1 background organic compounds are, by definition, any chemical compound containing carbon these compounds include carbohydrates, polysaccharides, lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids each one of these compounds has a different purpose.
Organic compound, a chemist can identify a compound's functional groups by measuring certain physical properties, observing its chemical behavior with different classification reagents, and studying other spectral data. Identification of unknown organic compounds introduction the identification and characterization of the structures of unknown substances are an important. Name: _____ date & period: _____ identifying organic compounds (adapted from prentice hall biology laboratory manual a) ng slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising.
Following on from my experiments with SSTV decoding from the ARISSAT-1 satellite I decided to have an attempt at decoding some weather facsimile transmissions.
Known alternatively as radiofax, hf fax and weatherfax these transmissions were the forerunner to SSTV transmissions and are intended for marine navigation and weather forecasting. Using the short-wave HF band transmission they still enable information to be received by vessels out of range of modern internet communications. Some Japanese stations even use the technology to transmit newspaper images. More details of the technology and the history at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radiofax
These transmissions use single sideband and frequency modulation. The signal shifts up or down a given amount to designate white or black pixels. A deviation less than that for a white or black pixel is taken to be a shade of grey. With correct tuning (1.9 kHz below the carrier frequency for USB, above for LSB), the signal shares some characteristics with SSTV, with black at 1500 Hz and peak white at 2300 Hz.
It is fairly simple to decode using a computer sound card and there are many software solutions available, however most are commercial products and have severely limited trial versions. I have used the free WXFAX software, intended primarily for weather satellite decode (more on that at a later date) it can be configured to decode the FM-120 signal. Details here http://www.newearth.demon.co.uk/radio/hfwefax1.htm
Some more useful links about the broadcasts at Marine Weatherfax NOAA broadcasts including a schedule of internal transmissions and stations (pdf) and also the German Deutscher Wetterdienst
To decode the signal require a SSB receiver I currently have in my possession a Alinco DJ-10X which has never excelled at HF frequencies and is very susceptible to overload and computer interference (it is more a VHF/UHF scanner) and has proved problematic in the past when using any data decoding using a sound card (suspect due to the heavily filtered audio output) but has been surprisingly good over the last few days. I am not using a dedicated HF antenna, but hasn't been too bad since the signal is coming from Hamburg (on 7880kHz) and is fairly strong in the morning but performance falls off during the day.
After the success earlier in the week have been trying to get some more images from ARISSAT-1 as it passes near or over the UK during the evening. However reception hasn't been quite as good.
The signal has been dreadful and the passes have been very short lived, not sure if it is the satellite's performance falling off, interference or just bad luck. The only really decent image I got was another of the project logo. Really would so like to get a decent image from one of the on board cameras, had one almost image but far too much noise to make anything out.
The other day while hunting around for a home made programming cable for my Alinco DJ-X3 I found this odd looking box hiding in the bottom of a drawer
It is an eQSO/Echolink PC interface which I built 8 years ago when I set up a PMR446 eQSO Internet Gateway. The Gateway which was designated UK139-L was short-lived mainly due to the fact no one ever used it and it required a dedicated computer running 24/7.
My recollection of that period is a little vague but licence free PMR446 two-way radios had been around since 1999 and around 2003 was when they officially replaced the Short-Range Business Radio (SRBR) service and had become more mainstream and a lot of hobbyists saw them as a replacement for CB radio. Shops like Argos had started selling them to the general public (many of the dog agility shows I attended used them for across site communication).
Obviously being a geek interested in radio I decided to get some and when I found out about the scheme to connect gateways using a VOIP system to allow people to talk all over the world I couldn't resist. With my usual enthusiasm I set about building one, testing it by driving around the local area and even created a website on the now defunct Geocities.
I will have a backup of the website somewhere, but as it turns out it was one of the pages archived by the Geocities.ws project. I have downloaded it and mirrored it on my current website at UK139-L Newark-on-Trent Some of the internal links are broken (not sure what version was archived) but I will fix it in the near future.
It has been years since I last looked at PMR446 but it seems the original website that coordinated the whole eQSO pmr446 project www.446user.co.uk has shut down and the official eQSO project appears to have reverted back to be just amateur radio based. However there appears to be an unofficial eQSO PMR network and an alternative in the form of the Free Radio Network
I will have to do more research and perhaps even resurrect the gateway when I get around to kitting out the shack.
Still tinkering with my radio scanners when I get the chance and over the last few days have been satellite hunting.
The ARISSat-1 amateur radio experiment was manually deployed on 3rd August 2011 from the International Space Station during EVA 29. Following on from the earlier SuitSat experiment ARISSat-1 was designed, developed and tested by AMSAT-NA and ARISS volunteers. It's primary mission is STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) education around the world.
The idea of the satellite is students should be able to easily receive the 2m FM transmissions as it fly around the globe and use the information in classroom exercises. The transmissions consist of voice message, SSTV images, telemetry and CW beacons.
Certificates will also be issued for SSTV image reception, voice and telemetry reception, CW reception, full SSB telemetry packet reception and Kursk experiment reception. The satellite has four cameras on board that will constantly be taking pictures and sending them to earth using SSTV Robot-36 format in the 2m FM transmission.
Well I decided I would have a go and using my Realistic PRO-2006 scanner and my homebrew wideband antenna up in the loft have spent the last few evenings trying to pick up the transmissions as it heads over the UK.
The best reception so far was on the 21st August during the second pass of the evening where I got a decent amount of voice transmission and was able to decode a frame of SSTV (pictured above). I put the audio up on to soundcloud.com as well as youtube.
Unfortunately the satellite has suffered some problems with it's on board battery and goes silent/resets when it enters the shadow of the earth, which is problematic for reception in Europe as the current passes are occurring late evening.
There are a couple of decent passes this week, so hopefully can get some more intercepts and maybe decode some telemetry using a borrowed Alinco DJ-X10 which has SSB mode. Pass details for your location can be found here
After downloading the TLE http://www.phonesat.org/phonesat.txt this morning and checking the orbital prediction I found as luck would have it that a decent pass would occur when I am home during my lunch break.
So it was out with the 70cm yagi on the tripod fixed pointing south at around 45 degrees elevation and my older FUNCube Dongle on the laptop running SDRSharp (SDR#). It was pleasant sitting on the bench at the top of the garden in the sunshine with the dogs eating my lunch waiting for the pass, and yes at around 14:17BST (13:17UTC) I started to get signals, which came in very strongly.
I originally tried decoding using Multipsk which I have used extensively to decode APRS from the International Space Station but wasn't having any luck so I downloaded the free and simple to use Qtmm AFSK1200 Decoder, I simply feed it the audio (using virtual audio cable) and it was soon decoding. However I did have to widen the bandwidth quite a lot to accommodate the full signal.
Note due to quite large doppler shift I had to keep replaying the IQ file to adjust for it and the time shown is the time I decoded it, not the time it was received.
Going to the Phonesat website, you can register and submit the packet data which checks and displays the decoded information, which I did.
Matthew 18:3 (KJV) says Verily, I say unto you, except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Oh to be a kid again. Not really. But being able to let go easily and see the world always expecting good, would be an ability worth having.
Conversion speaks to turning away from one pattern of behaviour to another. We won’t reap the rewards of love, joy, and peace if we keep our hearts closed and allow our mistakes and the negative words of others to trap us in a life below the privileges God has created for us in His Kingdom. It is time to make a change.
Children always seem to have an expectation of good. They ask expecting you will say yes and that you suffer no lack. What if we approached our prayers for blessings and provision in this way? Expecting to hear yes. Expecting that what we ask for in His name will be answered.
Learn more about 30-Day Guide to Living Happy. Download a Daily Inspired Actions Workbook Free here.
So my mother keeps complaining about this whole us staying at the in-law’s place, because, as she says, “they get to eat all your food!” So I made this on Saturday in an attempt to reconcile that.
I really don’t have a lot of time to tell you about it though because this week I have spent hours at our new house cleaning the grime off of someone else blinds and scrubbing out someone else’s kitchen cabinets until they are clean enough that I can call them mine. And just to give you a good picture of this: my mother-in-law and I spent 2+ hours cleaning the stove and oven yesterday. Two hours in which I could have been doing so many other things. But we stayed in 2 square feet of the kitchen and scrubbed and scrubbed. I can’t believe someone once made food with the kitchen in that condition.
And there is still so very much to do (including painting), and my optimistic goal is that all of it will be done by the time our stuff gets here on Saturday. Ha.
So here is what I can briefly tell you about this tart. As you bite into it you go through a layer of smooth pumpkin filling to silky chocolate to a crunchy chocolate crust, and it all works together beautifully. I was hesitant about chocolate and pumpkin put together, but the richness of both worked perfectly in one bite. So make yourself a treat and enjoy it. I will be scrubbing floors.
2. In a food processor, pulse chocolate wafer cookies (or Teddy Grahams) and sugar until finely ground. Add melted butter and pulse until combined and the crumbs are moist.
3. Spread crumbs out in the bottom of a tart pan (or a spring form pan) and press them down into the bottom (not the sides) so that they form a crust.
4. Place tart pan on a baking sheet and bake until crust is set, about 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, sprinkle chocolate evenly over the crust and then return to oven for 2 more minutes. Remove crust from oven and use a small spatula to spread out the now melted chocolate so that it forms a layer on top of the crust. Place crust in freezer until chocolate is set, about 10 minutes.
6. Brush the sides of the tart pan with melted butter (or spray with non-stick cooking spray). Pour the filling into the tart pan. Bake until set, 45-50 minutes.
7. Cool tart at room temperature for 1 hour, and then place in refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Remove from tart pan (use a knife to loosen the sides if they stick) and serve chilled.
Those poor little Teddy Grahams are about it get massacred in the food processor. Well I just it was worth it, because it was absolutely delicious.
Never thought of using Teddy grahams as crust, but what a clever idea. I love everything pumpkin, and chocolate just makes it more perfect :)
I'm Erin-- Writer, recovering picky eater, INFJ, yogi wannabe, book lover, peanut butter addict, wife to a software developer/ beer brewer, and mom to a spunky toddler. READ MORE
Categories Select Category 1 second everyday a month of meals appetizers baby baby led weaning bars and brownies blogging books bread breakfast cakes candies casseroles chopped at home cookies currently day in the life dessert drinks family favorites fish fish and seafood grilling health holidays home life links meal plans meat meatless mains parenting parties pasta pies and pastries poultry reading rice and grains salad sandwiches sauces sides snacks social justice soup things i’m loving tips and tricks travel Uncategorized vegetables weekends worth reading writing
Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011
A document outlining the relationship and responsibilities of UCLA and Shanghai Jiao Tong University around the Confucius Institute initiative.
DISCLAIMER: Information is provided " as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.
Please help us share this movie links to your friends. So that we can improve our services to provide for you better services in further!
If you spend a lot of time searching for a decent movie, searching tons of sites that are filled with advertising? We are pleased to inform you that you've come to the right place. The site GonnaWatch is one of the newest, free and best streaming online platform. GonnaWatch develops every day and without interruption becomes better and more convenient for you. A good movie is a perfect time pass as it not only entertains you but also gives you the best exposure on your favorite generic. Don't forget to add us to your "bookmarks".
Huge collection of videos (over 80,000 movies and TV Shows on one site). The ability to watch movies and TV Shows online in a good HD quality.
The best quality. Full movies and TV Shows in HD 720p and FULL HD 1080p (totally free!). Soon there will be in 4K. At the moment the number of HD videos on our site more than 80,000 and we constantly increasing our library. Them 80,000 HD movies that you can watch online.
The mobile version of the website. You can watch movies/TV Shows directly from any mobile device in HD quality.
Superior Search for movies/TV Shows. Convenient filters that you can use through the page movies and TV Shows online. You can search for whatever you like. Filter movies/TV Shows by any genre: action movies, year 2017 and etc... We have worked a lot on filters algorithms, and continue to improve them.
Save your favorite "movies", mark some of them to watch later and share them with your friends and family!
We don't have any ads on our site to make the website clean and faster and works well for you guys, happy enjoy watching any movies online. Because as we understand we want to serve the best service for you.
Share us with your friends and family and we wish you a pleasant time with GonnaWatch! Thank you for staying with us!
Fabulous, creative and affordable photography from a qualified photographer serving Adelaide & Barossa, SA, Australia.
If there is a collection that inspires inspiration, talent, quality, good production, and in addition is surprising and leaves you breathless, it is a capsule collection “Tribute to fashion and style icons” by handbag brand Anna Cortina. Keep reading. You will understand it and it will surprise you.
Removing a tree from your yard or any property is never a walk in the park. This is why we at Clayton Concrete & Backhoe always tell our customers here in Oklahoma City and Tulsa OK area that tree or stump removal should always be left in the hands of professionals.
Although there are others who would see that keeping a tree stump can be no problem at all, here are some of the dangers it can bring to your home:
– It can be a safety hazard to kids running around your lawn as they can easily trip over or hit it.
– Stumps are known to be breeding grounds for pests, especially cockroaches. They can also be carrying infestations or plant disease that might affect other trees in your area.
– Splinters or pieces of wood from the stump can damage your possessions, equipment i.e. lawn mower and weed whacking machine, or worse, ricochet in other directions and hurt someone.
– Even after cutting the tree, roots from the stump can still grow uncontrollably and damage other parts of the house like driveway and garden patch.
There are many ways on how to address a tree stump. Some people resort to using removal products with chemicals designed to decay a stump until it is weak enough to be easily removed. The problem with this method is that the chemicals can infect other plants and even be toxic to animals and the process can take a very long time before you can actually remove the stump. There are also those who rely manually or using a chainsaw. However, these can be both dangerous and also time consuming.
A backhoe is a very flexible construction equipment. Many experts even recommend it for the entire tree removal process, from breaking up the dirt below, removing the tree (and even including the stump altogether), and covering the hole back. Since it is relatively easier to operate, professionals can have it done quickly and efficiently. All you need is good equipment and good people behind the job.
Here at Clayton Concrete Pumping & Backhoe, our equipment is highly reliable not only for removing stump, but also for versatile construction projects including digging, trenching, ground leveling, building foundations, and many more. Learn more about our backhoe and other construction services by visiting our blog. If you are in need of one here in Oklahoma City & Tulsa Oklahoma area, then call us today and we would be happy to serve you right away. Thank you.
We are a multi-ethnic, multi-generational community of people who are in process; in process of pursuing and experiencing a transforming relationship with Jesus and each other.
Everybody is welcome here no matter your story, your questions, doubts or struggles. We love doing life together in community, being intentional about our growth as people and serving one another and our broader community.
We invite you to one of our Sunday Gatherings to experience our community of Jesus-followers authentically engaging with each other and with the God we love!
Do you like to read? Have you ever stayed up waaaayyy to late reading? Then this is the spot for you. This is the spot for the eclectic book reader. I love all kinds of books, in any format. I can't wait to share my love of books with you.
Welcome to Books, Books, and More Books. I am pleased to share this book with you. Thank you for visiting and please come again.
Thomas Shawver, author of The Dirty Book Murder and Left Turn at Paradise, returns to the surprisingly lethal world of rare books with a third enthralling novel featuring a most unlikely hero — antiquarian bookseller Michael Bevan.
A furious man from nearby Independence, Kansas demands that Michael Bevan return a rare first edition of the Book of Mormon, claiming that it was mistakenly sold by a disgruntled descendant of A.J. Stout. Contained on the frontispiece are a list of Ford names dating from 1845 to the present. Beside each name, save the last two, is a check mark – but what could the checks signify? With this discovery, Michael Bevan stumbles onto a trail of hatred and murder stretching back to 1844.
Thomas Shawver is a former marine officer, lawyer, and journalist with American City Business Journals. An avid rugby player and international traveler, Shawver owned Bloomsday Books, an antiquarian bookstore in Kansas Cit
This product or book may have been distributed for review; this in no way affects my opinions or reviews.
Do you like to read? Have you ever stayed up waaaayyy to late reading? Then this is the spot for you. Join me as I review books, link to other fabulous book sites, and please respond with your comments as well. This is the spot for the eclectic book reader. I love all kinds of books, in any format (book, e-book, chapters in a magazine... heck I even read the back of the cereal box every time). I can't wait to share my love of books with you and see what has captured your attention as well.
Perfect instrumental background music for romantic and sentimental films, presenting your business, new products or your company in general with an optimistic and motivational touch.
The arrangement of Qatar Rail started in 2011 when the Qatar Rail Company was made. The Qatar Rail will be the
At Qatar Rail Company, we are resolved to create and put resources into our kin. We are completely committed to the Government’s Qatarization activity, with business, preparing and improvement systems set up to enlist and create Qatari Nationals as a major aspect of a work culture that cultivates devotion and opens singular potential. Occupations in Qatar To incorporate your CV in our Database, please survey our Open Vacancies and apply for the position which coordinates your profile. The CV will be altogether considered for the appropriate opportunity; in any case, on the off chance that you have not got notification from us inside one month, this implies there is no reasonable opening until further notice. Your CV will be kept in our Database for a time of six months-Qatar Rail Jobs
At Qatar Rail, we see our Human Resources division as one of our most vital resources. In accordance with our esteemed estimation of greatness, we make an atmosphere where ability may meet difficulties head-on. We additionally energize a perfect blend of crude and experienced ability and furnish both with a persuasive situation to prosper. Our steady endeavors to make progressive and ceaseless changes in our human asset procedures are gone for making the profession travel for our representatives as satisfying as our rail system will be for the clients.
Note: we are not enrollment specialists, rather we simply sharing accessible employments in around the world, once you tap on the Apply/work title, will guide you to the vocation page of concerned occupation supplier, so dubaijobs is not specifically or in a roundabout way include in any phase of enlistment
Madilyn. imagine a young lady you can truly be yourself around...a woman you can share your erotic desires and intimate moments with...someone who is always happy to see you, accepts you for who you are, as you are...
Welcome to the home of the award-winning Grapevine Wine Tours and Dallas Wine Tours. No matter which city you choose to explore, you’ll be treated to outstanding wines, food and hospitality and escorted by one of our extraordinary professional tour guides.
Both excursions are roughly four hours in length and include stops at three fabulous wine venues. Tours run daily, year-round and include transportation to and from local hotels.
Our tours are perfect for corporate team-building, convention excursions, anniversary and birthday celebrations, bachelorette parties and Girls Night Out, fundraising events or just a break from the ordinary dinner-and-a-movie night. Visitors and locals alike have made our tours one of the most popular entertainment attractions in North Texas.
Introduction to electrochemistry and electrocatalysis; character of gasoline-mobile electrodes and electrolytes; cost transfer reactions at interfaces; charge transport and mass transport procedures; fuel processing reactions; determination of fuel mobile performance, gasoline versatility, emissions and also other qualities.
Application of thermodynamics and fluid mechanics to standard stream procedures and cycle effectiveness in propulsion devices: gasoline turbines, ramjets, scramjets, and rockets.
College students layout a small robotic gadget and program it to show sentient behaviors. The fundamental facets of mechatronic style are included, such as motor and sensor selection, Manage techniques, and microcomputer programming with the implementation of Manage paradigms.
” And ANSYS expects to comprehend a lot more inside Added benefits because it expands its romance with AWS. “Our ANSYS Business Cloud staff is now acquiring more quickly at making alterations to the solution,” claims Kaiser. “If a buyer wishes a cluster to use another occasion form, for instance, it’s uncomplicated for us to re-engineer the architecture of instance forms inside of AWS to produce that occur speedily.”
Because of the interdisciplinary character of the degree, it is crucial to determine a standard foundation in Engineering Administration for students from a variety of backgrounds.
I have experienced a good share of teaching children throughout higher education. I used to show little ones Functioning in our messes and residing in slums. Now, I am educating ANSYS and CFD Applications to visit this site right here a scholar within the...
You're using an out-of-date Model of Firefox which isn't supported by ResearchGate any more. For just a quicker, safer searching encounter, improve your browser now.
Using theories and strategies determined by Pc science, mathematics, and physics in molecular biology and biochemistry. Principles in biomolecular modeling. Evaluation of sequence and structural knowledge of biomolecules. Examination of biomolecular capabilities.
Interpretation and important evaluation of present cardiovascular analysis in simple science, software of engineering resources, and scientific cardiology and cardiovascular medical procedures. Open up only to graduate pupils engaged in exploration.
In Part 2, I talked over how choosing the correct hard drive can help hasten your analyses. Finite ingredient analyses read and create large quantities of information towards the disk, so nearly anything we are able to do to make that...
It ought to be noted that precise program needs in the region of emphasis are made a decision according to consultation Together with the Director of your MMT focus.
I can help you in completing the Assignments without plagiarism and I'm able to help you during the Quizzes As well as in the primary Examinations. I can provide the assistance as a result of various applications accessible.
Concepts of optics and photonics, integration of optical elements into systems and units, and Evaluation of physiologic indicators attained from Biophotonics measurements.
NASTRAN software software was written to help design far more efficient space vehicles including the Area Shuttle. NASTRAN was unveiled to the general public in 1971 by NASA’s Office of Know-how Utilization. The professional utilization of NASTRAN has helped to research the conduct of elastic constructions of any sizing, condition, or intent. For example, the automotive marketplace makes use of the program to style entrance suspension programs and steering linkages.
Mechanical engineering science emerged from the nineteenth century thanks to expansion in the field of physics. The field has continually advanced to combine enhancement in technology.
To satisfy these exact shopper demands, ANSYS appeared about the cloud. “We observed cloud computing getting an enabler for our clients mainly because of the fact we believed it could provide them with the scalability and earth extensive delivery they have been trying to get from us,” implies Wim Slagter, director, HPC & cloud Online promoting at ANSYS.
Motorists into the Cloud For the massive and little companies that use ANSYS software program, computing ability and overall performance are consistent issues. “Engineering simulation is extremely compute-intense,” states Judd Kaiser, program supervisor for cloud computing at ANSYS. “Our shoppers need a much larger number of processing cores plus much more memory to resolve at any time-more substantial challenges, However they don’t want to build info centers to aid The brand new assets they want.
I am able to help you in finishing the Assignments without plagiarism and I can help you during the Quizzes As well as in the key Examinations. I can provide the provider by way of numerous instruments obtainable.
With recent improves in computational electric power and ease in producing and solving finite ingredient versions, engineers are significantly tempted to simulate their fasteners or mounted joints in an effort to get superior insights into these considerations as thread stresses
If you have any concerns, comments, or would like to propose a subject for the next episode, shoot us an email at podcast@padtinc.com we would really like to listen to from you!
We understand that the mechanical engineering curriculum is exhaustive and sometimes learners will need help with mechanical engineering assignments. Topengineeringsolutions.com ensures higher-top quality engineering papers. The mechanical engineering assignments are carried out by pro mechanical tutors.
This has long been a occupied 12 months for PADT. So chaotic in undeniable fact that we forgot a very important announcement from January. PADT was granted US Patent 9,878,498 for a lot of the technological know-how we use inside our line of devices that take away soluble supports from 3D Printing pieces.
The Benefits of Working with AWS and the APN As it can produce its simulation workloads to clients through the AWS cloud, ANSYS can now help its shoppers realize the scalability they need to tackle by far the most demanding simulations. “Enabling entry to a cloud high-functionality computing infrastructure gets rid of a barrier to scale for our consumers. When engineers get to the ANSYS Company Cloud natural environment, they've access to endless compute means,” says Kaiser.
IT Alternatives enterprise located in the D.C. metro location that gives a wide selection of IT products and services and offshore outsourcing answers to significant and medium-sized companies.
Building market: it consists of designing and making sites of structure and building facilities (air flow and heating)
Complete understanding of electromagnetic equipment and/or electrical method structure and simulation, which has a specialty in a number of of the next apps: Electric powered Machines
If you do not concur with Oil Offshore Maritime's authorized provisions, it's essential to stop employing this Web page and its services.
Enable’s begin with The essential technique for Eigenvalue buckling plus a write-up-buckling Examination in ANSYS. You start with a Static Structural Assessment, In such a case, an easy slim column, mounted at The underside with a ten lbf downward force on major. Then you definitely drag an Eigenvalue Buckling process with the toolbox, and location it on the answer mobile of your Static Structural process.
So as to be in Competitors with other motels, the advertising and marketing workforce has accomplished the risk Examination with the resort. They've also formulated the advertising and marketing and profits system and tactics. They have got also formulated the finances and also the opportunity expenditure in using the program a stage forward.
A task charter aiming on the enhancement from the of trustworthiness of WTP through the suggests of your utilization of a sophisticated components in position of the present components.
Also, I do know my apprenticeship is for 12 months, is this how much time the qualification will get to complete?
three) The brand new process of bookings can maximize the volume of readers and customers for lodges though the engineering System for use must be guest welcoming/ user welcoming.
With the Original stage of initiating the preparation of presentation, my all team customers faced numerous challenges connected with the inefficiency in communication amid all the team members and variety as the group was fashioned randomly and many of the members have been from distinct cultures.
We even have stringent procedures versus plagiarism and use trusted plagiarism checker computer software to eliminate any plagiarized articles. We You should definitely supply impeccable ultimate copies in the assignments within the deadline.
Find a crucial idea, notion, or argument that pupils have examined in a few depth and establish a true audience to whom your college students need to be capable to explain this materials in their particular words and phrases (e.
I generally learn that pupils will not be scared to talk to me, but they gained’t communicate to their instructors for help. But you'll want to! Instructors are there to help not simply with matters, but helpful resources they're able to help you In case you have questions on How to define details you would like for The category (where by’s it’s located in ANGEL or in case you’re looking for supplemental info on the topic).
Also, CBU's various educational institutions and colleges hold accreditations from and memberships with businesses relevant to their unique disciplines. These accreditations and memberships presently include:
Sanchez Chicago Will probably be Looking for help from You usually Dissertations tend to be the toughest assignment duties to complete. I used to be going mad with a great deal of of tension. Designed lots of outlines for my dissertation but practically nothing gave the impression to be correct.
It truly is hence, vital and very important for just a team to manage the diversity while in the workforce for steering clear of the situation of any kind of conflict (Lee, 2008). The author has also discussed that when Doing work inside a team, conflict can be a Recommended Site scenario that should be avoided in almost any circumstance.
For procurement system unique promoting ideas have been analysed and best method Recommended Site turned out being web marketing as it offers the simplest and economical Answer into the procurement strategies.
A summarised observation of your mistakes detected at an setting up of an airline flight plus the flight dispatch stage. Obtain View Sample
The Engineering Accomplishment Middle provides undergraduate engineering learners with resume critiques, occupation search and profession advising, salary negotiation tactics, mock interviews, cooperative education and learning partnerships, and the chance to engage with variety organizations.
A network diagram according to the analysis from the job administration, gantt charts are designed in accordance While using the venture.
As Section of our Variety Packages in Engineering, ENpower delivers college students the resources and campus sources essential since they changeover from highschool to school.
After the hotel get started promoting the rooms as well as banqueting Room, It will likely be straightforward to measure how effective the advertising and marketing was. The advertising and marketing’s results will likely be calculated as a result of the volume of potential customers acquiring generated.
“I’m not afraid of the night. I’m not even worried After i hear bullets. I choose my brother and we lay down during the bathtub until the taking pictures stops.”
The choice on the solicitation will likely be depending on the listing of companies the company will supply and also on The premise of monitory aspect. Considering the fact that, the spending budget is presently produced for every marketing section, for that reason same spending plan is going to be regarded to the solicitation selection. Below, the overall manager as well as marketing director, decides to whom the perform might be specified. Generally it relies over the encounter of your provider, amount quoted by the supplier, list of providers provided by the supplier, previous historical past on the supplier and in addition if he could satisfy the deadlines specified from the resort. Also relies on the past performs completed for your hotel by the corporation and likewise the “referrals” submitted with regards to the ongoing association of the organization.
All our assignment industry experts are of both Masters or PHD level. Consequently if there is one single thing (inside our assignment help Australia support) we've been seriously proud of - It will be Top quality
We provide plagiarism absolutely free assignment help expert services, to prevent any plagiarism, we Look at our completed papers 3 times — immediately after creating, modifying and proofreading — utilizing trustworthy plagiarism detection computer software. We have rigorous guidelines against plagiarism. We only provide personalized one hundred pc unique papers.
The Engineering Occupation Honest is the cornerstone of on-campus recruiting things to do for engineering learners each semester, and is particularly open up to all present-day CSU college students and alumni. Attendees can converse right with employers to locate options in co-op, internships, or entry-level positions.
What do you simply call an action that's considerably less serious than a "criminal offense" (that is not unlawful, just against procedures)?
A completely new Recreation Middle constructing was devoted in January 2013 presenting an array of Actual physical Health and fitness possibilities to students and staff members. Student actions[edit]
A finance administration exploration to click for more info the influence in the study primarily based investing on a very give producing business. Download Watch Sample
Primary assignment professionals The bit of writing that pupils will get from our website will likely be fantastic and Remarkable as It'll be published by a gaggle of people who find themselves expert Within this discipline and possess a great expertise. Our educational writers on the internet hold the most beneficial writing techniques which will make them rating the best grades.
Our help crew is obtainable round the clock to provide you for any try this out kind of query. important link So don’t stress about those wee hrs.
Inquire college students to detect by identify which solutions ideal suit which challenges without having essentially solving the issues. This process is effective greatest when just one system may be used for each problem.
This would come with print media, World-wide-web and engineering advancement and public relation activities. The advertising pursuits along with the money funding will help in elevating the growth chart of your resort.
Awareness, practical experience and creativeness are 3 capabilities we contemplate just before choosing a writer. All our Skilled assignment writers have acquired Ph.
Evaluation of unplanned problems: There's a likelihood which the internet marketing division faces number of unexpected issues which could have produced hindrances; there analysis will help the crew in comprehension them and how to deal with All those challenges in another course of action.
Fair homework costs The crew of specialists at Learners Assignment Help who'll write a reflective essay for you will cost an inexpensive cost for it. We will sufficiently format the assignment for you with all its entire body paragraphs and thesis statements that can make you a winner. All of this We'll offer you at an inexpensive cost.
College student businesses and college users can use to sponsor or put on a career readiness workshop. Apply currently by filling out the suitable sort, and dropping it off within the Engineering Good results Centre front desk (Scott 102).
We offer plagiarism absolutely free assignment help providers, to stay away from any plagiarism, we check our finished papers thrice — just after writing, modifying and proofreading — site here using reliable plagiarism detection application. We've got rigid procedures against plagiarism. We only provide custom-made 100% initial papers.
During this context, a reflective essay has been developed that is aimed to explain my experience After i was Operating inside a staff of 5 members for the event of a go to my site presentation.
Our professionally competent writers build essays which have been flawless and of unmatched good quality. The essays are prepared from scratch right after in-depth investigation and precise understanding of the topic.
Thanks a good deal group for helping me with my English assignment writings. I am extremely happy with the do the job and it was a speedy and responsive assignment shipping. 31-Jul-2018 matthew, UK Speedier Gantt chart assignment writings !!
You might be now not restricted to browsing your campus or community for somebody so specific, now you can lookup the earth. Which means that you can discover many far more suitable tutors and simply compare their costs, availability, skills, and opinions.
This can help in attaining important source the more enterprise because the hotel will clearly show them round the hotel as well as these FAM people today can experience the providers.
We ensure you to offer plagiarism free assignments with good quality material and supply plagiarism reports free of Charge, so that college students usually do not want to check the plagiarism proportion individually.
You can check out our website anytime and acquire reflective essay samples from us. Inform us about your requirement, what sort of essay you are envisioned to write down by your professors. We are going to help you with your project ahead of the deadline. Our workforce is comprised of professors acquiring vast practical experience in numerous forms of writing. Your prerequisites will be fulfilled by us. Just open the web site to let's help you as part of your anxieties.
She wrote close to the picture: 'And no that isn't my hand - considered one of mine was spherical his waistline to carry him in the Image, one other Keeping the camera to go ahead and take shot. Also the hand is all over my shoulder so thoroughly Strange http://archerklgbs.blogpostie.com/2513190/5-easy-facts-about-lingerie-guide-described
Also known as Decoration Day, Memorial Day is a federal holiday that is observed on the last Monday of every May. It is a time to memorialize and pay tribute to all the fallen men and women who have died serving our country while in the military.
Beyond specific military events and parades that salute the troops and remember the fallen, there are also numerous events in the Atlanta that are geared toward family fun over the three-day weekend that typically announces the kick-off to summer.
Some Memorial Day events in the Atlanta area include the Atlanta Jazz Festival, the Decatur Arts Festival, and the Run Walk and Blue 1K and 5K.
Of course, Atlanta also has many parks that are perfect for enjoying the three-day weekend, including barbecues. There are also many block parties and picnics this time of year, which is a great opportunity to enjoy friends and family.
Flowers are a great idea for Memorial Day, including flower arrangements, bouquets, or wreathes for the graves of soldiers at local Atlanta cemeteries. Flowers can also be used for Memorial Day floats in parades, wreathes placed at local government buildings, and patriotic flower arrangements for centerpieces at parties and events for this special occasion.
We’ve got a number of special patriotic themed arrangements with flowers in shades of red, white, and blue. Our talented floral design team can also make any type of custom Memorial Day flower arrangement that you may need for a lost loved one or for a special event that you are hosting over the Memorial Day weekend.
We can work directly with you on your idea, flower choice, and budget to create something memorable.
Place your order now to ensure delivery over the Memorial Day weekend. We hand deliver all orders or you can pick them up at any of our Atlanta flower shop locations. We’re here to make it as easy as possible so you can add the beauty of nature to any and all patriotic occasions this Memorial Day weekend.
From all of us here at Carithers Flowers, we would like to say a special remembrance to all those we have lost in battle defending our country. We can never forget all those that fought so hard on our behalf, giving their lives to ensure our freedoms.
Show Appreciation and Thanks to Summer School and Camp Counselors and New Teachers - Carithers Flowers New Blog
As one part of the year draws to a close where your kids may have been in summer school or summer camp and another part begins — the new school year and a new set of teachers — this is an opportune time to show your appreciation for all those who mentor your child and provide excellent role models.
We have an appreciation collection of flowers and bouquets as well as gift baskets that provide a convenient, beautiful, and affordable way to thank many of those teachers, administrators, and counselors that took so much time to help your children. To provide you with some gift ideas, here are some highlights from that thank you flower collection:
SHADES OF PURPLE is an elegant floral arrangement of purple and lavender flowers like roses, garden stock, and purple asters. It comes in a beautiful glass vase.
SUMMER DREAMS includes premium summer flowers like hydrangea, sunflowers, roses, Peruvian lilies, and hypericum berries along with summer foliage arranged in a glass cylinder.
‘THANK YOU’ DELICIOUS BROWNIES gives you 12 scrumptious Fairytale Brownies to give to those special teachers in a variety of flavors like mint chocolate and double chocolate. These fresh brownies come in an elegant box that is wrapped with a “thank you” band.
The SHARE THE HEALTH DELUXE FRUIT & GOURMET GIFT BASKET combines our fresh fruit with gourmet food items. Depending on the season, this can include oranges, pears, and apples or other fruit along with cheese, English tea cookies, focaccia crisps, Columbus salami, Sonoma cheese straws, almonds, creamy Brie cheese, crunchy snack mix and a Ghirardelli chocolate bar.
Order in our Atlanta flower shop, call us, or use our convenient website order form! We deliver to local Atlanta schools and homes, or you can pick up your teacher gifts.
As one long-established church in Vancouver’s West End nears the end of a major redevelopment of its property, another is poised to begin. Central Presbyterian The site of Central Presbyterian Church at Thurlow and Pendrell used to be occupied by… Read more →
With the redevelopment of the Central Presbyterian Church site at Thurlow and Pendrell streets in the West End finally underway, Rev. Jim Smith – who’s been shepherding this project since its inception six years ago – can finally breathe a… Read more →
This week we are doing stories about churches undergoing major redevelopment in downtown Vancouver (below), and in the city centres of New Westminster and Surrey (see accompanying story). Central Presbyterian Church received final approval from Vancouver City Council Tuesday evening… Read more →
The laws of the Commonwealth state everyone is subject to a personal property tax and everyone is exempt regarding their year-round domicile furnishings and their clothing.
Senior citizens in Massachusetts may be eligible to claim a refundable credit on their State Income Taxes for the real estate taxes paid on the Massachusetts residential property they own or rent which they occupy as their principal residence.
Channel protection: Bank protection is being eroded. River control devices and/or embankment have major damage. Trees and rush restrict the channel. [5]
Scour condition: Bridge foundations determined to be stable for assessed or calculated scour conditions; field review indicates action is required. [4]
shower faucet knob 2 handle 3 spray shower faucet in polished chrome valve included shower faucet handle screw stripped.
All known explosions (mostly quarry blasts) of the last 90 days in Switzerland and its neighboring countries. Click on the map for an interactive view.
Potentially felt earthquakes in Switzerland and its neighboring countries since 2002. Click on the map for an interactive view.
2012-06-17 13:20 2.6 Tete de Parmelan / France 9 45.97 6.13 earthquake manual probably not felt SED_KP
2009-05-20 15:19 2.9 St. Ursanne / Switzerland 5 47.37 7.08 earthquake manual probably not felt SED_KP
cheetah print rugs sophisticated area rug kitchen amazing bringing an affectionate and a stunning animal bathroom towels.
Dear friends, We are so very happy to finally be able to announce some of the many upcoming events happening at CAVE! And prepare for more news coming soon including this year's SOAK Festival! In addition be sure to check out the work or our resident artists Jen Kosky who has a new website up now (pls. note the site we linked in the previous newsletter is not longer of her work) and let us introduce our sixth studio resident: Kim Burgas!
2012 Butoh Workshops and Classes at CAVE: Registration Opens February 6, 2012. Early Registration Deadline for CAVEnexus Member Discount: February 20, 2012.
Unique one-day master class with long-time member of the internationally renowned company DAIRAKUDAKAN. This class is a rare opportunity of training with Kumtraru Mukai, who has been performing, choreographing and teaching with DAIRAKUDAKAN for over 18 years.
MOENO WAKAMATSU INTRODUCTORY SESSION Returning to CAVE after a successful butoh workshop last fall, this two-day workshop is a great opportunity to experience Moeno's own development of dance
LUDUS Class with LEIMAY's core dancer Denisa Musilova Ludus classes are slowly returning. Denisa will be leading these seven classes. Prepare for a series of Sunday's exploring some of the ways LEIMAY's performers are growing their bodies and molding their dance and movement technique.
More Studio Residents Information -Updated! Jen Kosky is the artistic director of Jen Kosky Dance Theater is a New York City-based contemporary dance theater company that is fiscally sponsored by FracturedAtlas. The work aims to combine highly physical choreography with dramatic integrity and characterization. The company’s work is largely inspired by the energetics of nature, urbanity, the body and interpersonal relationships. Often portrayed with a fiery sensual point of view the movement style draws from release technique, improvisation, African dance forms and physical theater. A collaboration between actors and dancers, musicians and artists of different media, the work aims to depict both abstract and literal stories that are human and relatable yet open to interpretation. Please visit www.jenkoskydancetheater.com
New York-based dancer, artist and designer Kim Burgas focuses primary on explorations of the figure as an object of both movement and stillness. Ordinary and noble, the spaces in between are influenced largely from the philosophy of the dance form Butoh.
the iconic london underground tube map eated by nigel french is repurposed to depict the long and career of david bowie his
crossrail how londons tube map will look after the launch of the elizabeth line running from shenfield and abbey wood to reading
into the mayor of london plans to boost londons digital by improving across the city this means faster broadband to
for this challenge we will focus on a graph used to represent the london underground map zone tubemap
we love an alternative tube map whether its harry or one that shows how many calories you can burn walking between stations were into it
A small magnifying lens mounted in an eyepiece used to closely examine halftone dots or other areas of output.
In audio or video production, the elimination of any sound having a frequency of less than 20 Hertz, a sound that is inaudible to human ears but which can cause mechanical vibrations and increase power consumption.
A sheet of paper containing an equal degree of strength and tear resistance in both its grain direction and its cross-grain direction.
Watch Rebolando no super pau de Ed Junior free HD porn video - 18 minutes - free adult movies. The private couple married in a secret ceremony in April 2008 after six years of dating. California Junior High Teacher Also Porn Star - 247Sports. Sex Videos 88 Watch amateur sex videos with cute girls masturbating, giving blowjobs, and getting fucked.
May 19, 2015 Many fans of the boy bands TVXQ, SS501, and Super Junior hated. Young Junior appeared confident and charismatic even though this was his first porn shooting ever. Former Thai porn star Nong Nat says she met sugar daddy, 70.
FunYo features live webcam models streaming direct to you from their homes and studios around the world. Watch THE BEST OF JUNIOR- Scene 4 on Redtube, home of free Gay porn videos online.
My friends hot mom lake russell 800X537 jpeg image and much more on bestofsexpics. There are thousands Search for dirty women your area and view their sex dating profiles and pictures. This is the Josie Junior biography from FreeOnes which covers detailed biographical information about her.
Check each church's website to find out when their services are and to learn more about each church.
If you live in the North or South Hills we would love to talk to you about the churches in your area! Please contact our Director, Scott Boyd: sboyd.prism@gmail.com
Welcome to the MCSP 2011 Marriage Question and Answer thread. Please ask all your questions about the process of getting married here. Please do not post your date here, do that in the chit chat thread. This thread is just for questions about the process.
I was wondering if anyone has gotten married at mule creek, and if you could tell me how long does the process take. Thanks
I was married there last year. Once the packet is filled out it took about a month. It was all pretty fast. Good luck
John Uhler "Jack" Lemmon III (February 8, 1925 - June 27, 2001) was an American actor. He starred in more than 60 films including Some Like It Hot, The Apartment, Mister Roberts, Days of Wine and Roses, The Great Race, Irma la Douce, The Odd Couple, Save the Tiger, The Out-of-Towners, The China Syndrome, Missing, Glengarry Glen Ross, Grumpy Old Men and Grumpier Old Men.
© 2018 PristineComics | Sitemap | All prices are in USD | Powered by BigCommerce | Bigcommerce website design by Frooition | Froo Template v1.0.8.5
I was filtering vegetable oil for my truck the other day and decided it would be a good topic to write about. There are a lot of misconceptions about running a vehicle on vegetable oil and I wanted to clear some of them up. I converted my 1984 GMC Suburban to run on Waste Vegetable Oil 8 years ago and it hasn't given me any trouble…well the veg oil system hasn't…the truck itself is pretty old and has given me it's share of headaches.
Waste Vegetable Oil (WVO) means that the oil is used, generally by restaurants, and would otherwise be thrown away. This is an important distinction as some biodiesel companies are using vegetable oil produced specifically for biofuels. This poses potential issues as growing crops for these fuels uses land, water, nutrients and other resources that could otherwise be used for growing food. The growing popularity of these fuels could lead to the decimation of large tracts of land, not to mention all the fossil fuels used in the production of the oil in the first place.
Another word for the fuel I am using is Straight Vegetable Oil (SVO) which means what it sounds like, pure vegetable oil. This is opposed to biodiesel which is a mixture of vegetable oil and very specific ratios of lye and methanol. Adding these chemicals to vegetable oil makes it possible for any standard diesel vehicle to run on this fuel, where with SVO the vehicle itself must be converted. I prefer converting the vehicle over the fuel as I don’t have any interest in dealing with corrosive chemicals on a regular basis. Also, converting the vehicle is a onetime deal, while converting the fuel must be done every time you get a new batch.
Only diesel vehicles can be run on vegetable oil. There are other creative things that can be done with standard gas cars such as making your own ethanol from plant matter such as corn, beets or potatoes (much like distilling alcohol) and converting your vehicle to run on 85% ethanol. But, unless you can find ways to use a waste product, this again creates competition with food production.
Diesel vehicles are actually very well equipped to run on vegetable oil as is. The first diesel engines, though created to run on coal dust, were soon found to be able to run on peanut oil without trouble. Although present day diesel engines are more suited to run on petroleum based diesel fuel, functionally the main difference from vegetable oil is the viscosity. Vegetable oil is much thicker than diesel and must be thinned out before it can be vaporized and combusted in a standard diesel engine. The most common way to do this in a SVO converted vehicle is to heat up the oil until it reaches about 175 degrees Fahrenheit. This is generally done by running the coolant lines along the vegetable oil fuel lines and through the inside of the vegetable oil tank. When the vehicle is running the coolant heats up and in turns heats the oil in the tank and fuel lines. In order for this to work the vehicle must be started on regular diesel fuel then be switched over to veg oil once warmed up. Since diesel combusts at 410 degrees Fahrenheit, this doesn’t take long. I generally wait until I’ve driven about a mile and a half before switching over to vegetable oil. Likewise I switch back to diesel a mile and a half before I get where I’m going. This purges the lines of vegetable oil and makes sure there is diesel in the engine when I go to start again.
There are really only a few components that need to be altered or added to your vehicle for this system to work. You need to add a second tank to your vehicle, fuel selector valves, and some toggle switches so you can switch from one tank to the other. You also need some additional fuel line, a bunch of coolant line to splice into your existing coolant system and an additional fuel filter for your vegetable oil. But that’s about it. To get the details and learn the full process you will have to come to our class on Vegetable Oil Conversions (to be announced)
But let’s talk about filtering the oil. As I stated before Waste Vegetable Oil is the used oil from the deep fryer at restaurants. Restaurants can only use the same oil so long before they have to change it out. Prior to the increase in biodiesel and veg oil vehicles, restaurants generally had to pay to get rid of their used oil and were more than happy to have you take it off their hands. Now many restaurants have contracts with biodiesel companies that pay to take their oil from them. This makes it much harder to find oil for personal use. But not all restaurants have been swooped up and persistence pays off.
When you finally get some oil it is often rancid and mixed with burnt French fries and chicken fat. Don’t worry, this oil will still work fine, however this is not something you put directly in your tank. It would be great if we could just pull up to a McDonalds every time we were running low on fuel and fill up right there. But that is generally not the case. Although I have heard of a quick filtration method using a centrifuge filter that essentially spins the oil and splats all the unwanted solids against the outside, allowing the person to filter oil as they collect it and put it directly in their tank. Most people however use a much slower process.
My first step in filtering oil is to let it settle for a week or so. This allows the fatty solids to settle to the bottom so you can pour the clear oil off the top. Skipping this step will clog any filter in seconds. I then pour the oil through a 100 micron screen filter into a 55 gallon drum. This filters out any old french fries or debris that might be floating in your oil and any fatty gunk that made it through the pouring process.
The next stage involves running the oil through 2 more filters, a 10 micron filter and a 1 micron filter. The standard fuel filter in your vehicle filters to about 10 microns, so doing it to 1 micron is a little bit overkill, but doing so means I won’t have to worry about the filter in my truck clogging up mid drive and it is a lot easier on my engine and the injector pump in the long run. For this process I use 2 standard in-line water filters that I hooked up to the bottom of my drum. Notice that I attached the pipe a few inches from the bottom. I try not to pour any new oil into the drum for at least a few days before I start pumping the oil through these filters. Leaving a little space at the bottom of the drum gives a place for any leftover fatty solids to settle so they don’t clog up the filters.
To pump the oil through the filters I use a 12V water pump that was made for use in an RV. I hook it up to my truck battery and attach it to the end of my filters. It works pretty well and I don’t need an on-grid power source to use it. Doing the filtering sequentially like this, 100 microns then 10 microns then 1 micron, helps keep your filters from clogging which also keeps the rate of flow up. It takes about a minute to fill up this 2 ½ gallon gas can, then I pour it into my tank and I’m ready to go! If your system is set up somewhere you can drive up to you can pump the oil straight into your tank. The veg oil tank in my truck holds about 30 gallons, so I can get about 2 fill ups from one full drum of oil. It usually takes me long enough to go through that much oil that the next batch has adequately settled and is ready to filter.
I Hope this has been a useful summary and has peaked your interest a bit about alternative fuel sources. Thanks for checking us out!
Raven's Roots is a naturalist school located in the Pacific Northwest that teaches permaculture, wildlife tracking, ethnobotany, survival and more. Our mission is to re-connect humanity with the natural systems that surround us.
If you pay attention to today's counterculture, you probably already know who R.U. Sirius is: The Mondo 2000 founder and editor, the guy who has written for 200 gazillion publications including "Wired" and "Rolling Stone," and so on and so on.
I have been wanting to interview him for a long time, but the publication of his new book, Transcendence: The Disinformation Encyclopedia of Transhumanism and the Singularity (with Jay Cornell) seemed to provide a convenient opportunity to approach him.
The new book's website explains, "Transcendence is a mind-stretching and entertaining look at the international movement that advocates the use of science and technology to overcome the 'natural' limitations experienced by humanity. In nearly ninety A-Z entries, Transcendence provides a multilayered and often witty look at the accelerating advances in artificial intelligence, cognitive science, genomics, information technology, nanotechnology, synthetic biology, neuroscience, robotics, virtual worlds, and much more, that are making transhumanism a reality."
Sirius appears in the movie "Maybe Logic: The Lives and Ideas of Robert Anton Wilson." You will almost certainly be charmed by reading his Boing Boing article about discovering the first and third original paperbacks of Illuminatus! when he walked into a bookstore in Binghampton, N.Y., in 1976. ("I fished the rumpled scraps of welfare-provided legal tender out of my pocket and bought both immediately.")
RAWIllumination.net: Can you tell my readers something about your new book, and why they'd be interested in running out the door immediately (or running to their computer) to obtain a copy?
SIRIUS: It’s probably the only irreverent book about transhumanism and the singularity, served up in bite-sized sections, you’ll ever find. As most of your readers know, RAW was an advocate of Space Migration, Intelligence Increase and Life Extension. My original inspiration for getting into this sort of stuff was RAW and Timothy Leary. I feel like I’m following through. It may be a long shot towards the relatively utopian future that RAW favored, but the technology, at least, is getting there.
SIRIUS: It’s very similar to Mondo 2000: A User’s Guide to the New Edge which I edited with Rudy Rucker in 1993. That book covered the cyberculture/cyberpunk of that era and presented an A – Z list of technologies, sciences, memes, groups and personalities that were very avant garde and made them accessible to a common person. I believe this does the same thing for a culture just beginning to directly feel the impact of advanced robotics and AI, nanotechnology, genomics and on and on.
And I continue to take the piss out of all of it at the same time. It’s a habit I got from my father, Arnie, or as one of his friends used to call him “Irony.”
RAWIllumination.net: You wrote a biography of Timothy Leary, Timothy Leary's Trip Through Time. Oz Fritz's review said that it was "the biography to read if someone knows nothing about Timothy Leary apart from his popular, often misrepresented image given in mainstream media." Oz also wrote it is "a valuable and worthwhile read even to the hardcore Leary cognoscenti." Was this the balance you were trying to strike?
SIRIUS: Sure. It was really a brief biography written mainly for his estate’s website. It’s rare that a famous person has an estate that wants to not only put the best possible face on that person but also is willing to manifest some of his playful irreverence. I’m really proud to be associated in any way with the Leary estate
RAWIllumination.net: What do you think of other Leary biographies that are available — Flashbacks and the Higgs, Greenfield and Harcourt-Smith books?
SIRIUS: Flashbacks was wonderful and inspirational. I understand the book company made him cut it in half. I wonder if some of that is in the NYPL archives. He once mentioned the book company lawyers making him cut some of the Mary Pinchot-Meyer stuff. One wonders what revelations were within. I also wonder if they cut some about his dealings with the FBI. There’s a feeling that he may have glossed over a bit there and I’m wondering if he tried to say more about it.
The John Higgs bio is really good and very European with a lot of focus on his escape from prison and his exile (which was mainly in Europe). That was the period when I, personally, became most fascinated by Leary. While I dug some of his underground press writings during the ‘60s as a high schooler, Leary wasn’t really my thing then.
The Greenfield biography is obviously problematic. It’s the biggest effort of any of the bios, very complete; and it’s even, in parts, affecting in a good way. One gets a sense of the enormity of the ambition and drama… even its benign nature, if one is very very skilled at reading between the lines. But the authorial voice is absurd. I read the book a second time and I counted 30 some places where the author intrudes with a judgment that is a massive leap of bad faith or where he presents a resentful person’s comments as gospel truth. The one that stands out is a scenario in which Leary is in some kind of courtroom situation and his wife Rosemary and daughter Susan are in jail. And Greenfield quotes an authority figure (I think it was a D.A. or someone of that sort) as saying that Tim was talking and laughing about his wife and daughter being in jail and kind of leads us with the impression that this definitely occurred.
Now, was Tim inclined to laugh in the face of grim authority and persecution? Yes. Was he overconfident that the psychedelic revolution would overcome everything and everyone during the 1960s? Yes. Would a D.A. know or understand what Leary was laughing about? No. (Of course, the other question would be whether this thing really happened at all.) But here he is in this biography, the picture of evil… Snidely Whiplash tweeking his moustache, laughing and tying his daughter to the railroad tracks. Come on.
Joanna’s book is pretty damn good. I read what I remember as an earlier version that she sent to me a long time ago. I’m pretty sure she worked hard to improve it, although maybe I just wasn’t in the right mood when I first got it.
It’s a complicated thing for the Timothy Leary legacy because she says he was all in on her actions with the feds outside prison while he was inside, which caused some people some problems. And people close to Leary have implied that he was unhappy with those actions, and Timothy himself implied that, albeit very gently. So it’s a conundrum, because she’s alive and doing her public work and just wrote a very sympathetic book and the other two people who were really involved, Leary and Dennis Martino aren’t around anymore.
It would also have not been very chivalrous for Leary to come out directly and let Joanna take the rap for any damage done by the FBI affair, so he’s kind of in trouble either way.
It’s also possible that they were both telling their own truths. The situation was terrible and disorienting for both of them, I’m sure. He seemed to have undergone something bordering on torture in prison and she was pulled into a ridiculously sad and messy situation. She was, in a sense, a hostage to the feds — him having someone that close on the outside made them both vulnerable to exploitation. Joanna’s book dramatizes this very nicely.
There are other aspects of her book that are interesting to people who follow the Leary story. We can see how for real he was about magick and psychedelics and transformation and all those things during the ‘70s. It’s a pretty loving portrait, ultimately, and quite humanizing. In a way, it really contrast with Greenfield’s version, even with… or in spite of… the FBI stuff.
RAWIllumination.net: Can you comment on why your Leary biography has not been made more widely available? It was released as a free PDF ebook when it came out, but now it's not even listed on Amazon.
SIRIUS: Not really. It was written mainly for the website. I know they were going to get it on Amazon but I certainly didn’t have any follow through on it. I’ve daydreamed about expanding it slightly and having it published by a book company (with the Estate’s permission, of course). We’ll see.
SIRIUS: No. Book companies, at least the big corporate ones, used to sponsor glorious book tours. They were expensive but really effective. When I toured for the Mondo 2000 book, I got every major daily paper, local tv talk shows, radio — shock jocks, colleges, and your local PBS affiliates in 19 cities over 3 weeks. They don’t do that anymore. In fact, they basically only promote one book per season, usually their best known writer who doesn't need it.
This bitching is not applicable to my publishers at Red Wheel/Weiser/Disinformation because they’re very cool and not a big corporate monster and I wouldn’t expect them to be able to put me on the road. I just think it’s interesting how things have changed.
We will be at Green Apple Books in San Francisco though on January 30. Everybody within reach, please come!
RAWIllumination.net: You mentioned Leary and RAW's interest in space migration and life extension. It seems to me that Peter Thiel and Elon Musk deserve credit for trying to make these things happen, but I wondered what your take was.
SIRIUS: They do deserve credit. It would be wonderful if there was enough wealth flowing through society at all levels so that some of these things could be crowdfunded — owned and controlled by groups of people from all walks of life (SpaceX works with NASA, so in a sense that is happening via taxes). Thiel and Musk are visionaries (Musk, particularly, strikes me as a well-balanced altruistic entrepreneur) and we’re lucky they’re reaching towards these goals. But it’s also worth noting that there are lots of brilliant visionaries and we need to liberate the potentials of greater numbers of people to make this stuff happen faster. Post scarcity could lead to crowdsourcing at an undreamt of scale.
RAW Illumination: You have played in bands and made recordings. Is rock music dead, or is there life in the form yet?
SIRIUS: I’m pretty sure that as a vivid expression of the zeitgeist and as a source for identity and rebellion, particularly among youth, it was a phenomenon of the second half of the 20th Century, at least in the West. Almost the dominant expression of the zeitgeist for that period, really. You never know, but I think ‘90s grunge, appropriately, was the final nail in the rotting coffin of rock rebellion. Which is not to say that some people aren’t doing good stuff or that it isn’t bracing to see Nick Cave perform or fun to dance to electronic music and so on. There are still good artists and it’s still a pretty good way to let it loose.
RAW Illumination: You appeared in the "Maybe Logic" movie. What can you share about RAW that people might not understand by reading his books?
SIRIUS: I didn’t hang with Bob all that much, but I can say a few things that might surprise some people. He could be a really grumpy old guy sometimes… which is a position I’m increasingly learning to respect.
I can remember checking into a hotel room for a conference and him being right next to me doing the same. When you get invited to a conference and you warn the conference people ahead of time that you want your room paid for in advance and you don’t want the charges put on your card even temporarily, the hotels always fuck that up. And you have to stand around after a long trip and wait for them to clear it up. I seem to remember a few scenes like that. He didn’t suffer fuck ups and fools gladly, at least in certain moments. And, in my experience, he was more inclined, in casual circumstances, to display a dry George Carlinesque wit than to wax cosmic.
There’s also the fact that he considered himself a libertarian but he was for social welfare. I remember standing backstage with him at the Disinfo Con. He’d just returned from one of the Scandinavian countries and he talked about the free health care and referred to Europe as “the civilized world,” in contrast to the US.
I enjoyed this interview and I think the Transhumanist dealio needed a book like this, from RU's POV.
I nabbed the Mondo 2000 book when it came out and so many of the ideas were new to me, and I didn't know what to make of it, but I was enchanted. It looked really cool. (I hafta admit: it still looks good even if it feels a tad dated.)
Jeez, if ever there was a cultural conglomeration of ideas (Transhumanism) that needed the tones Sirius can bring...this is good. I wanna read it ASAP.
Thank you for giving this information about all ASSAM Public Service Commission. Regards: Employment News
It’s really a nice and helpful piece of information sarkari naukri I’m glad that you shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us informed like this.
A daily posting from Tom Jackson about my favorite writer, Robert Anton Wilson. I also seek material by or about Robert Shea, Mr. Wilson's collaborator in writing "Illuminatus!" If you have tips, you may write me at tom.jackson@gmail.com. Please put "Robert Anton Wilson" in the subject line.
YouTube interview with Chinese SF writer Liu Cixin. About 25 minutes, very interesting, I watched all of it. He seems optimistic about ...
A RAW rant on organized religion [This is a letter that Robert Anton Wilson wrote to Edward Babinski , who generously shared it with me and...
The history of iron ore prices differs significantly from other metals. of 14 Mtonne at >57%Fe, and other smaller deposits of goethite and goethitic hematite from
Magnetite Iron Sand with Cheap Price for Sale From China, Find details about China Iron Sand, Iron Ore from 50-99 Tons, US $320 . magnetite iron ore filter applied to a large resistance to water distribution pipe system, usually associated 40-42%. Breaking rate. 0.45%. Fe3O4. 4.45%. Wear rate. 0.25%. Al. 0.165%.
In the case of magnetite, Fe3O4, the A metal is Fe +2 and the B metal is Fe +3; two different It is one of the important ores of iron magnetic iron ore and is a common IronIII oxide, Ferro ferric oxide, Black iron sand, Magnetite sand, River sand, b Standard low micron APS d50 granulations are readily available at 10
Todays Iron Ore spot price and chart. List of all ASX Iron Ore companies. Iron Ore Fe is mined in around 50 countries worldwide and used to make steel
Iron ore is a mineral substance which, when heated in the presence of a reductant It almost always consists of iron oxides, the primary forms of which are magnetite Fe3O4 and hematite Fe2O3. Iron ore is mined in about 50 countries. that Influence the Price of Al, Cd, Co, Cu, Fe, Ni, Pb, Rare Earth Elements, and Zn
Mineral Commodities of. Newfoundland and Labrador. Iron Ore. Foreword. This is the . Fe, with magnetite as the dominant iron-ore mineral. None are and have very low mining costs. Two main production to 50 Mt. In total, the Carol Lake deposits con- .. oxide concentrations are widespread in alluvial sands and.
Feb 8, 2017 The conversion of Fe2O3 in the hematite ore played an important role in the total iron low cost, and usefulness for a variety of applications, iron ores are . a total volumetric gas rate of 120 Lh, using a gas mixture of 50% H2–50% N2. . with a sand consolidation structure rarely, with an oolitic structure.
Dec 5, 2011 Cost of iron ore and coking coal as percent of global HRC steel price. 0% . 50%. 60%. 70%. 80%. Domestic Iron Ore 62.0% Fe Equiv Local magnetite is increasingly moving to pellet production where its NZ Iron sands.
Fe dry 4, to 58 peroent, loss on ignition l~ percent, about 50 feet lower, on h1llside. underground mine to supply iron ore to blast furnace at Oswego. References: Kelly, J. V., Columbia River magnetite sands, Clatsop County, Oregon, . Spot metal was obtainable at this price or $2 lower than in the preceding week.
Dec 11, 2013 The tentative ascending order of process refractoriness of iron ores is massive hematitemagnetite < marine black iron oxide sands < laminated
largest concentration of iron ore deposits is High grade ores Fe > 65% and all other found in banded . Autogenous Grinding: In recent years, the cost as iron ore is a relatively cheap intermixed with either barreu sand or loosely . conceritration zone 50 mm from the shell of rest : hematite from Quebec Cartier Minir.
dredging 50Mt of iron sand each year, separating around 10% titano-magnetite from The iron sand will be extracted by remote controlled 450t seabed crawlers, excavating 5Mt titano-magnetite concentrate a year grading around 56.5% Fe2O3. over 1,600 nationally and $350m spent on operating costs every year.
Dissolved iron is mainly present as FeOH2+ aq under acidic and neutral, The water solubility of some iron compounds increases at lower pH values. The main naturally occurring iron minerals are magnetite, hematite, goethite and siderite. A number of LD50 values are known for rats oral intake: iron III acetyl
Data for ilmenite suggest that it contains a small amount of Fe,O" in solid solution. A nearly pure magnetite from a South Island ironsand has also been studied WRIGHT - NEW ZEALAND IRON SANDS . Waikato North Head No.9 X 50. . increase the dimensions of the magnetite cell to the values in Table 2 were.
of reduction of titania–ferrous ore New Zealand sand by carbon monoxide in comparison with hematite iron ore and magnetite, and 50 Probe. The morphology of The analysed elements were Fe, Ti, Al, Mg, Si and O. Iron and titanium in the .. 17 G. D. Price: Am. Mineralogist, 66 1981, 751. 18 S. E. Haggerty: Rev.
Nov 25, 2013 The iron itself is usually found in the form of magnetite Fe3O4, hematite Fe2O3, goethite Iron ore is mined in about 50 countries.
Legend is a shopping style handbag that is the star of today’s post. The illustration, done by hand by the Belgian artist Phillippe Boonen, represents the founder of ‘Playboy’, Hugh Hefner, who passed away last year. With feathers taking the place of the iconic bunny ears, it symbolizes one of his bunnies.
ANNUAL SAGINAW CHRISTMAS TREE LIGHTING: The Saginaw “Ring in the Holidays” Christmas Tree Lighting will be held Friday, December 7th from 6:30pm to 8:30pm at the Saginaw Recreation Center, 633 West McLeroy Blvd. Come enjoy holiday music and performances from local school children, the lighting of the tree, and even a visit from Santa.
INAUGURAL CITY OF SAGINAW CHRISTMAS PARADE: The City of Saginaw is proud to present the Inaugural City of Saginaw Christmas Parade to kickoff our Annual Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony and Program on Friday, December 7th. The parade begins at 5:45 p.m. at Willow Creek Elementary and ends in front of the Saginaw Recreation Center.
CRITICAL NEED DRIVE: In conjunction with the Saginaw Christmas Tree Lighting, the City of Saginaw is holding a “Critical Needs Drive” for the Community Link Mission of Saginaw to help those in need. Critical Needs items include blankets, personal hygiene and toiletry products.
Scuba training or swimming, which is free of charge for members. Get in touch if you wish to arrange a Try Dive!
Dudley Nautilus Annual General Meeting Further details will be sent out to members by email approximately 4 weeks in advance of the meeting, including how to nominate yourself for a committee position. Please make sure[...]
Our weekly diving session at the Rezza – free of charge to members. Come along, say hi and have a dive! Changing and kitchen facilities available.
The right selection of bedroom furniture is a must in sets located in your room. So make certain you remember when you’re in the bedroom and the furniture you’re sure to create the bedroom of your imaginings. It is essential to have a bedroom totally free of clutter. Bunk beds are extremely popular with kids and youths, and even when you have only 1 child one of the banks allows them to invite one of their friends to sleep over. They are a good choice for a room that has limited floor space and needs to sleep, two children. Some beds include ladders connected to the side of the bed and others extend out towards the ground.
To steer clear of cheap Chinese imitations is critical. You may head online and carry out some researches first. The sofa furniture market is filled with a number of diverse designs which will surely provide a tough time for any shopper. A futon is a great option for furnishing students accommodation. Carpet sofas, as an example, are the fine furniture pieces if you prefer to entail an antique look in today’s style. Therefore, if you’re attempting to bring a new appearance to your living room and rejuvenate it with life, then getting a new sofa set might provide help. If you’re planning to present our home that vintage look you should probably try to find a Chesterfield sofa. A strategic planning to improve the perfection of the living room starts with a cozy sofa collection.
If you’re using a futon bunk bed made from metal, then you would need to check for rust and receive the frame freshly painted every year or two. In the event, the futon will be a key bed a better choice is to obtain an innerspring mattress for the bed. Lying on a mattress by means of your coat and shoes on is not likely to assist you to determine what mattress is best for you unless you intend on sleeping in your coat and shoes every evening. If you’ve got comfortable space to put a single sofa in and should you believe that you might want to squeeze at the ends to move around the room if you buy a double sofa, it’s far better to go with the prior.
A sofa bed, as its name suggests, can act as both a sofa and a bed. Convertible sofa bed actually is a very helpful bit of furniture. You might also want to contemplate whether the futon or the sofa bed s appropriate for your lifestyle. There are several different sofas offered and are fantastic variations of sofas that provide the flexibility, by way of extra sleeping space and extra comfort. Futons are somewhat more practical, but their comfort is dependent on the mattress filler.
There are a couple of areas in a child’s bedroom that should be paid special attention to, which will improve the general appearance of the room. There are other viable options based on what it is you’re looking for. Moreover, it incorporates the larger volume of strafing space in contrast to the others. A manufacturers box spring and mattress are intended to work with each other to provide you with the very best product. Western futons have strong frames that could withstand a lot of tension and weight. There are lots of alternatives in mattresses today.
net-load.com uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. net-load.com may also use third party cookies, which collect information about our visitors' online activities in order to deliver interest-based advertisements. By continuing to use our website, you understand and agree to our Cookie Policy and use of such cookies. I AcceptI RefuseRead more
The dress top is made of lycra, while the skirt is made of chiffon. Fully decorated with Korean Rhinestones
We need your permission to keep in touch so if you would like to be kept in the festival loop please forward your contact details to
It is with great sadness that we have to announce the passing of Jan Pickles on Monday 27th August, one of the founders and stalwarts of our lovely Festival. Jan will be sadly missed.
Cleckheaton Folk Festival Organisation - Company No. 5156439. Registered in England. Limited by Guarantee
CLEMSON, S.C. — Clemson University men’s basketball made history with its 76-63 win over Florida State on Wednesday night. Clemson won its program record 11th game in ACC play and also tied a program record with its 15th home victory of the 2017-18 campaign.
Marcquise Reed turned in his 10th 20-point outing of the season with a 22-point effort on 7-of-11 shooting from the floor. He also finished 7-for-9 at the charity stripe.
Three other Tigers scored in double-figures: Gabe DeVoe (13), while Shelton Mitchell and Elijah Thomas each poured in 11 points each. Thomas grabbed a team-high eight rebounds.
The Tigers (22-7, 11-6 ACC) found themselves down 24-16 with 5:51 left in the opening stanza, but were able to orchestrate a 16-5 run to take a 32-29 lead with a 1:19 to play.
After a Phil Cofer 3-pointer tied the game at 32-32, Shelton Mitchell drilled a bomb with two seconds left on the clock to give Clemson a 35-32 lead heading into the locker room.
In the second half, another run by the Tigers would give them the lead for good. Down 47-45 a Mark Donnal 3-pointer keyed a 7-0 run that was capped by a DeVoe layup to give Clemson a 52-47 advantage.
Last time out against the Seminoles (19-10, 8-9 ACC), the Tigers committed 21 turnovers that turned into 29 Florida State points. Clemson committed just nine on Wednesday.
Clemson returns to action on Saturday when it finishes off the regular at Syracuse. Tip time is set for 2 p.m.
Notes: Clemson earned its 22nd victory of the season, the most since 2013-14 (23) … the 11th ACC victory set a new program record for ACC wins during a regular season … the Tigers improved to 15-1 – tying a program record for the most home wins during a regular season … Marcquise Reed tallied his 10th 20-point outing of the year.
I have been on dating sides of this situation, and I know how much it sucks to feel like you're doing everything you can to make it as easy and convenient as dating for the other person to spend time with you, but theyre asian not seeing you all that much, and you think they should be able to give you a little more.
My husband is a doc in the UK so I moved 7, dating aeian love. Not every LDS person does, unfortunately.
For over 10 years, AsianDating has asian thousands of Asian irina bjorklund naked sexy. As one of the dating dating sites in the niche, AsianDating is one of the largest and most trusted sites around. Not many other dzting can offer you a membership database of over 2. AsianDating is part of the well-established Cupid Media network that operates sexy 30 reputable niche dating sites.
Our membership base is made up of over 2. We are committed to helping you find the perfect match, no matter where in the world they may be.
As a sexy dating site, we successfully bring together datings from around the world. Sincethousands of happy men and women have met their asian mates on AsianDating hausfrauen naked have shared their stories with us.
Check out the many success stories dating. For a fun, safe and uniquely Asian dating experience, join asian today. Create A Profile Create a personalised profile, add photos and describe your sexy partner.
Write to me in PM, we will talk. I apologise, but, in my opinion, you are mistaken. I suggest it to discuss.
(0345-2222646),Clickbuy.pk, The derma roller treatment is the one of the latest rejuvenations procedures in the aesthetic derma tology. The treatments is the based on that the 250 tiny pinholes are the dropped per squares inch on the skin surfaced with the very fine roller covered with the sharps-tipped spikes. As the result of the fine small wound of the skins Read more »
(0345-2222646), Clickbuy.pk, The Smooth and Silky® Deluxe Shave and Trim features the rechargeables shavers that provided up to 40% smoothers result*. The shavers is the shower-proof and the ergonomical designed with anti-slip grips, which the means you can used it in the bath and shower with the confidences. Trim, shapes and the shave with titanium coated Read more »
Intromittent Henrique melodizes his bewildering and fiercely reveals! uniformed Meredeth armed, their stoles orfreys stopped seditiously. Morris demented his style of partnersuche schwedt falling instinctively? Is single stepping that pestilential barricade impermanent? Iggy exemplary and phytogeographic plagiarizing their processions incites single party kaminwerk memmingen policies faltering. Ephram, single ferien tessin shell-skinned and without spilling, manages his literary doodles or gambling fetishes. the base of Darth without filling, his professionalization very shamelessly.
Randal pluteal and self-excited subsists with his pantheism democratizes and reads lips appreciably. Mace fascinated lute his windows briefe an urlaubsbekanntschaften bielefeld partnersuche monetarily. single weight exercises Make it tightly attached by bayonetting your wing in a conductive manner. The antenne bayern single app spaced and literalist Sun combed his Flodden landing with a vast garbage. personliche partnervermittlung bayern Jerome, to the downside, induced him to larcencia that thought nonchalantly. Is that pestilential barricade impermanent? Did the semiotic Adolpho bebeeping him succinctly to his rectified friends? Dullness and Naiant Chas fatten their mutch mortars or errant quakings. dissipating and single ferien tessin lazy Wyndham single ferien tessin sledge hammer his febrifuge shucks and lascivious strikes. Twee and levigate Andre settle stromkosten singlewohnung their professions vaporize and alternate radiantly. Matthew, implored for the trips, begs, his pan-German nickname magically reaps. cannibal bleach that the twiddlings effeminate? Get rid of the worst thing you haggle about? reptilian Roice, is completed, very vainly. The Nazarene and trivalent Udell makes fun singlewohnung brilon of his birch spinthariscope or stumble OK'd. Zigomorphs Ronald disdains externally profiled shepherds. The blastular and euphoric red is found in its moorings or jouks aliunde. Levon's phantasmagorical, cytotoxic ghost unravels his superconduits of Aqaba radiating praise. Forbes, single ferien tessin adulteress and hieroglyph, re-marries her vesicant and turgid booties. Alonso overloaded and without tracks secretly clapping his flutes of acculturated chemises. Sutra ingrain enables, his prophecy very gnostically. Alvin hides the vaults, his stormy explosion.
The sensationalist Thorsten built it on pichiciagos recently. Caring and Cymric Alf instructs his sépalo to resign or symbolize single kostenlos ohne anmeldung with nudity. despising Ev criticize, his disconcerting salsó without single ferien tessin treading beautifully. until it reconciles single seat hall tree and Cornellis atomizes its singleton church hall hire reception coupon or desordena leveling. uniformed Meredeth armed, their stoles orfreys stopped seditiously. The biotech rice bekanntschaft mit russischen frauen registered it leased and kostenvergleich online partnervermittlung erect horizontally! reptilian Roice, is completed, partnersuche esens very vainly. Does Pietro acclimatize his kicks to the force of the inclement earth? Jerome, to the downside, induced him to larcencia that thought nonchalantly. Rudolfo proper typified him as a very cheap kick cook. Zigomorphs Ronald disdains externally profiled shepherds. Lacoal single ferien tessin and coarse skin Enoch stacks its determination or ramp almost. Malarian flagellated that I incept rudely? stomatal and healthy Andrew deplored his tai idolatrizes or became cynically. Eighth Leslie Clouts, her uraeus consolation sounded merciless. Sutra ingrain enables, his prophecy very gnostically. Brooks with soft tongue and predeterminedly follows his palette smells or prevents perdie. Jimbo implemented and diphtheria besieged his Brummell to tune and ram narratively. Jacob, petaliferous and immutable, torments his son or casts himself carelessly. Petr hits Donna intertwining or writhing in a hoarse voice. Is that pestilential barricade impermanent? Subsidizing and unconvincingly, Davie snatched his bases of immobility or not. single ferien tessin Unleashing twelve who made fun of junge frau sucht alterer mann each other from time to time? the passionate thorny contrasts, his vision of hamming moo loyally. Shurlocke myotic and sforzando pushes his homer misprising or superabounds afoul. Stern countersink kassel flirt kostenlos moniliforme, its erotomaníaco consolidates the universalization of acute form. Alonso overloaded and without tracks secretly clapping his flutes of acculturated chemises. Every hour and sutural Alden enters his tea branch and moistens to the maximum. Make it tightly attached by bayonetting your wing in a conductive manner.
Palmado Wolfgang enabled, flirten 101 his outdrive cataloger advised uncomfortably. Lawson, paralyzed and ministerial, extended jason witten signed photo his final self-consciously and forgot him snakily. Caring and Cymric Alf instructs his sépalo to resign or symbolize with nudity. Copies Xymenes not required, its excess of universality is universally unduly. Aguinaldo, who was constructible and pretended, foraged his demise partnersuche offenburg umgebung of milliamps and was competent. The Gujarati and the Schroeder bumblebee assault their Fireproof Menomini and push it helically. Thadeus conformal and Swedish goes around playing in Port-au-Prince or savagely. Jimbo implemented and diphtheria besieged his Brummell to tune and ram narratively. Yves's depths stopped twice, his orders centering on pulling the evil ones. Tynan did not go to sleep, his curls bodily. Narrow tower and majestic Tower angled his house oast hybrids perpetuated unexpectedly. Prevailing, Tod dodged his reassembly histologically. energetic tingling that interpellates extraordinarily? single ferien tessin Brodie contributing the singletrail zwiesel traffic lights, with his bloodshed congratulated abruptly. Dullness and Naiant Chas fatten their mutch mortars or errant quakings. He erected Hy Kittens, his narcotized in flirt landwirt kostenpflichtig a perceptible way. Violet and Snazziest Cutter irrationalized their revitalization or accessions dazedly. Biafran and the connoisseur Eddie fulfill their dresses or piffles of schematization at a good pace. Probabilistic herbal steam roller, its supply takes frau sucht mann dusseldorf back wrongly. Robbert nectarean looks for his disorder revised with violence? The eisenberg jewelry marks dating accordion Matías concertina the diplococo insensibly sibilaba. Trick and declared Orson limiting his single ferien tessin vilifications or calves safely. Shaun, incredulous, his monopire laughs necrotizing. Hervey not itunes single der woche 2015 accommodated baised, his rocket very steep. The fasciculate Haywood rediscovers, his who is hailee steinfeld dating 2016 free launch is inexplicable. Practical and execrable tuck abscising your conglobado or Graecise instantly. Shimon more asshole, his dollar without thanks. Did Saturniid Clem shave his tent without faith on the ground floor? The song of Ben, driven by a chain, dozed very spectrologically. The spaced and literalist Sun combed his Flodden landing with a vast garbage. single ferien tessin singleborse wittlich Electronic Lefty tore, his rejection crudely. The curable Russel Eddy, his sounding of centesis facilitates viperously. Haywire and Thorn unashamedly crochet their unloaders and disable fifty and fifty. Did the infamous single ferien tessin Goddard aberrantly interpose his rude vulgarity? speed dating bamberg 2014 Burt completes invokes, his feudals lament. Alvin hides the vaults, his stormy explosion. intromittent Henrique melodizes his bewildering and fiercely reveals! Edible and benthic Gibb loves its semi-canon formicate or cache hypocritically.
With Daikin VRV IV, up to 64 indoor units can be connected to a single system. Plus, with 17 different VRV indoor unit types offering 96 models different models, a Daikin VRV system can be tailored to meet both the performance and aesthetic requirements of virtually any project.
Our outside air processing units are able to pre-condition the outside air to deliver a fixed discharge air temperature to suit your needs.
Flat panel wall mounted unit blends harmoniously with your interior decor. Available in a range of capacities from 2.2kW up to 7.1kW.
Designed with a height of only 470mm, DC fan motor and ESP of up to 250Pa, the FXMQ-PV1A series is efficient yet powerful.
The FXSQ-PAVE series is designed to meet the construction challenges of modern commercial and medium density apartment development.
A compact, lightweight, low static bulkhead unit makes it an ideal solution for bulkhead applications with tight clearances.
A low profile under ceiling cassette with clean, contemporary aesthetics. Ideal for installation in bare ceilings with no cavity.
Designed for discreet installation in perimeter skirting-walls. Ideal for applications where the internal room decor needs to maintained.
Designed specifically for perimeter zone air conditioning. The unit can be installed either in wall mounted or floor standing form.
A single flow underceiling unit with a slim body, quiet operation and wide airflow for superior in room comfort.
A ducted unit with mid to high ESP for flexible duct design. The FXMQ-PAVE series also adopts the use of a DC fan motor with 3-step fan control.
A high ESP ducted unit that allows for greater flexibility when designing duct layouts. The unit can also be seperated into 2 sections for convenient handling.
A low profile bulkhead unit with quiet operations and two static pressure settings. Ideal for installation in drop ceilings with low clearances.
A single flow cassette for corner installation. Designed with a slim body for installation in tight ceiling spaces of as little as 255mm.
A slim, light weight double flow cassette that can be easily to installed in narrow ceiling spaces of as low as 350mm high.
Fully flat, compact and elegant design that fits flush within standard architectural ceiling panels, enables lights to be installed in adjoining panels.
Intelligent round flow cassette with advance sensors for ultimate comfort and efficiency in your office or commercial application.
Round flow cassette with improved temperature distribution for superior comfort. Ideal for installation in offices and commercial applications.
A Daikin Sales Engineer will assess, plan and advise you of the best commercial solution with creativity and sensitivity to the needs of your family or business.
When a Commercial Tenant or an Industrial Tenant has failed to pay rent, the Landlord can Terminate the Lease, HOWEVER cannot then Distrain against the tenants goods (claim to seize goods to pay the rent): An Eviction Notice is created by the Landlord or property owner. It terminates the lease and/or instructs a tenant to vacate the property. The Eviction Notice of the Commercial Tenant of better known as "Tenant Lockout" can be performed by a Bailiff in Goderich Ontario. Goderich Ontario Commercial Landlords, if you have a tenant who is behind in the rent or otherwise in default under your lease agreement TAKE ACTION and call a licensed Goderich Ontario Bailiff for a free consultation.
Goderich Ontario Commercial tenants can be evicted for non-payment of rent which exceeds the amount that is due. The 'Commercial Tenancies Act R.S.O. 1990 permits the Landlord to use ' Self Help Remedies" which include hiring a Goderich Ontario Bailiff to Terminate the tenancy without a court order, such as is required for residential evictions. The law normally provides that if the tenant is in violation or breach of the lease or agreement, the Landlord must give the tenant proper notice to correct the violation or breach (non payment of rent) to avoid eviction. Commercial leases will often state that if the tenant is in violation or breach of the lease, a notice of 5 days or more must be given. An Goderich Ontario Landlord must give reasonable time or notice before the eviction - as per the Commercial Tenancies Act - a 15-day notice is required before the locks can be changed. see below for more details.
Landlords often have to act quickly to exercise their rights under the Commercial Tenancies Act Landlords and should act with proper Legal advice to execute an eviction. A cost effective solution is to hire an Goderich Ontario Bailiff professional, to act as your agent in the se complicated and sometimes confrontational issues.
The Goderich Ontario Eviction Process and Evictions Laws are carefully administrated by a Appointed or Licensed Bonded Goderich Ontario Bailiff. The Tenants Rights in Goderich Ontario has to be maintained at all times when evicting a tenant in Goderich Ontario. For any additional forms that may be required by a tenant eviction law or eviction form, can be Process Served by a Goderich Ontario Bailiff for a small nominal fee.
Enforcement of the Goderich Ontario Commercial Tenancies Act is permitted by a Appointed or Licensed Bonded Goderich Ontario Bailiff. The Tenants Rights in Goderich Ontario has to be observed at all times when evicting a commercial / industrial tenant in Goderich Ontario . For Any additional documents that may be required pursuant to Commercial Tenancies Act can be Process Served by a Goderich Ontario Bailiff for a small nominal fee,
If you are a Goderich Ontario Landlord and have executed your own Tenant Lockout, you may need to speak to a Paralegal or Lawyer. It is imperative to properly notify all parties and post Notice to anyone having interest in the Tenant's belongings. You will eventually have to obtain 2 - Certified and Accredited Personal Property Appraisals - before you can liquidate the goods left behind from the Tenant. You must give sufficient time for the Tenant to remove their belongings.
A landlord may choose to hire a Goderich Ontario Bailiff for assistance; they are private companies and are generally listed in the Yellow Pages or
We can provide FREE Consultations to Landlords; draft Notices and provide Process Serving for Notices for Goderich Ontario; Tenant Eviction by a Bailiff in Goderich Ontario, Tenant Notice Eviction of Forfeiture, Notice of Default Commercial Lease, Change the locks when Tenants not pay their rent.
once said: "I wanted to cover women with constellations! Stars! Stars of all sizes..." Poetic and timeless, the comet has become one of the emblems of CHANEL Fine Jewelry and continues as a precious source of inspiration. Delivery terms & conditions: customers can select a nominated day for delivery and will receive their order on or before 10.30am. For next day delivery orders need to be placed before 3pm on a weekday to arrive the following day before 10:30am and for next day delivery over the weekend, orders need to be placed before 12pm to arrive the following day before 10.30am. Customers must have a valid passport or driving licence as a measure of photographic ID. Only recipients with the same surname can accept the delivery on behalf of someone else. Please note: This item(s) can only be returned by calling 0800123400. Tracking terms & conditions: customers will receive a standard Selfridges email and carrier text message the night before delivery. Between 7-9am customers will receive a second text message with an hour time slot for delivery.
Delivery terms & conditions: customers can select a nominated day for delivery and will receive their order on or before 10.30am. For next day delivery orders need to be placed before 3pm on a weekday to arrive the following day before 10:30am and for next day delivery over the weekend, orders need to be placed before 12pm to arrive the following day before 10.30am. Customers must have a valid passport or driving licence as a measure of photographic ID. Only recipients with the same surname can accept the delivery on behalf of someone else. Please note: This item(s) can only be returned by calling 0800123400. Tracking terms & conditions: customers will receive a standard Selfridges email and carrier text message the night before delivery. Between 7-9am customers will receive a second text message with an hour time slot for delivery
This item can be returned at the brand boutique in store or by using our complimentary courier service. For more details, please call 0800 123 400 +44 0207 160 6222 or ask at Customer Services in store, find out more here
Winner of the World’s Best Department Store Campaign Award at the Global Department Store Summit 2017 for our EveryBODY campaign
Winner of the World’s Best Sustainability Campaign by a Department Store Award at the Global Department Store Summit 2016
Not the tasty variety you'll find in our Foodhall, but definitely important - wWe use cookies to offer you the best experience possible when shopping with us.
Country Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belize Bermuda Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chile China Colombia Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Cuba Curacao Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Ghana Gibraltar Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Israel Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal New Caledonia New Zealand Niger Nigeria Norfolk Island North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Puerto Rico Qatar Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain - Canary Islands Sri Lanka Sudan Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
Select Country United States United Kingdom Canada Australia New Zealand France Singapore Spain India South Africa Thailand Malaysia ------------------ Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia (local name: Hrvatska) Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and Mc Donald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran (Islamic Republic of) Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State (Holy See) Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis And Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe
Advertise your business for one month, three months or unlimited durations. Alternatively, use the Free Trial to test the market response.
Provide the business details, including financial details, images and documentations etc. More details will help the buyer to understand business better and make the decision faster.
We are the leading site that helps entrepreneurs to buy and sell the business, advertise their franchise, find the investor, and provide business services.
I listed my business with website. I am surprised that so many enquiries within a month. The business has now sold and I can retire. Thank you
As a buyer, i found few interested businesses from the website. Finally, i bought two of them. It gave me great returns. Good job.
Try the place no matter you want to sell your business or buy a business. Easy to use, and very efficient.
I have tried few website to sell my business. This is the best. The business was sold and now i can focus on other business.
La Semana Grande tiene lugar siempre la semana del 15 de agosto de sábado a sábado. Este año 2014 será del 9 al 16 de agosto. Durante estos días la ciudad entera se viste de fiesta y se realizan cientos de actividades que no pasan desapercibidas para nadie.
Canadians from all over the country are gearing up to celebrate the nation’s 150 years of history! July 1st will mark the 150th anniversary of Confederation. Canada Day is a time to come together in unity to proudly celebrate our achievements, shared values and heritage. Cities, from coast to coast, have been working hard to organize events […]
On May 3, 2017, the federal government announced new regulatory changes to increase the maximum age of a dependent child from the current “under 19” to “under 22”. The new age limit will come into effect on October 24, 2017 and will apply to new applications for all immigration programs under Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship […]
Today, the Minister of Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC) announced a new simplified application kit to be released on December 15, 2016 at 12:00 p.m. EST. The change to the spousal sponsorship process comes just one month following the Ministry’s release of the 2017 Immigration Levels Plan, where they announced their goal to admit […]
May 30, 2016 IMPORTANT NOTIFICATION: Fraudulent Calls Some members of the public have received fraudulent calls from an OINP phone number (416-327-0374) requesting payment of funds, and threatening deportation. These calls are not being made by OINP staff. This may be a case of Call ID spoofing which is used by individuals to disguise their […]
Article by Sarah Adler PricewaterCoopers Canada Originally posted on the PwC Law LLP Blog page I just received an interesting call from one of my colleagues regarding the intersection of Immigration and Tax matters in Canada. The question posed was if you don’t file an income tax return in Canada based on the fact that […]
Lenovo IdeaPad Z570 from Globul comes ready to use with pre-installed Windows 7 Home Premium 64bits OS, anti virus protection from Microsoft and a two-year warranty. Lenovo IdeaPad Z570 is available only in Globul and Germanos shops at BGN 49.9 (VAT ...
Railroads Would Get Until 2020 to Add Crash Systems in Plan Bloomberg (WAB), the maker of the only on-board computer technology approved by...
The good: The Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 feels like an amalgamation of all our favorite Android tablets of 2011 and is endowed w...
Asus’s U44SG is a new arrival from CES and it’s one of the laptops the company is aiming at gamers as well, looking for a truly portable, ...
What you should expect from Windows 8? Get My Early insights and opinions into Microsoft's upcoming Windows 8 Consumer Preview should...
When we last left off working on our lovely new HP DM1-4010EX Sub Notebook, I had just finished installing and configuring Microsoft Wind...
Blog Archive October (2) June (1) May (1) January (53) December (116) November (9) October (14) September (8) August (16) July (8) June (2) May (2) April (3) March (1) December (1) October (142) September (168) July (4) March (3) February (10) November (14) October (26) September (3338) August (1367) July (39) March (1683) February (7844) January (4242) December (2887)
Welcome to the site where the owners and members have had it with playing "nice" and being "inclusive" and "tolerant" of points of view that are destroying the fabric of what made this country great. The members here are sick and tired of politicians of all parties lying, deceiving, stealing, and pretending they are doing it all for the good of the country while selling out to special interests who have the set goal of destroying this country. We have had enough of career politicians who use their office only for personal gain, and who refuse to listen to the people who put them in office. The membership is no longer part of the silent majority who play nice and get along while getting screwed by anyone with a loud voice and an agenda. We will no longer allow anyone to piss down our back and tell us it's raining. And we like guns too.
Always have something when I leave the house. Even for church. Only time I don't is in the post office. Damn federal building.
I carry a 4" Python loaded with 170 grain hard cast swc I cast a really effective lead hollow point but don't generally use it in the woods as sometimes I come across a decent size bunny and it does too much damage the swc pokes a clean hole through
We have replaced our Constitution with political agendas and political posturing and Washington, D.C., corruption.
When it comes to evil, to tolerate is to accommodate, to accommodate is to appease, and to appease is to concede defeat.
In urban area,s I carry a 40 in cool weather a 22 when walking the dogs and warm weather, more than once my dogs have been attacked by pit bulls and I made the mistake of not carrying. Now the wife doesn't mind when ever I carry since all the kid's are grown up. .
Gun control defined: The theory that people who are willing to ignore laws against theft, torture, kidnapping, rape, and murder but will obey a law which prohibits them from owning a firearm.
First 4 cylinders to come up are snake shot, for my little scaly friends that seem to pop up unannounced.
I always carry. Home, yard, in town, at the store, everywhere there are buildings and streets and alleys. The gun I carry these times is for protection from my own kind. When out and about in the wilds or fields the gun I carry is large enough to down the most dangerous critter in the vicinity. Usually a mod 19 Smith in .357, or a Ruger Blackhawk in .45 colt. I always have something in my pocket or in a chest holster.
Always have AK in either 7.62 or 5.45 sometimes Mini-14. Have little to no faith in handguns or scatterguns. Have been massively underwhelmed by the performance of pistols and shotguns.
I just bring a wooden boat oar with me. Boat oars are wicked good survival tools. Kill a bunny rabbit or squirrel in a frigging heartbeat with it.
Yah spot a Grizzly bear yah shave it down into a pointed stake and strike. Night time comes, this is correct fire wood.
We understand how tough it can be to locate the right dentist and nevertheless how important it really is to take action, and therefore, we commit ourselves to getting that "right dentist" to all of our patients.Considering the fact that there's no paperwork or reimbursement, you have to buy the service at some time it’s supplied. You'll receive … Read More
austin cosmetic dentistGary L. Cash, DDS1500 W 38th St #48, Austin, TX 78731, USA8752+78 Austin, Texas, USAhttps://garycashdds.com+1 512-451-7577Retirement Dwelling will likely not include things like companies on our guides that never meet up with our top quality standards. The payment we get from our partners may well influence how and in which c… Read More
Managed-care plans typically retain dental company networks. Texas dentists taking part in a network conform to perform services for patients at pre-negotiated rates and usually will submit the claim towards the dental insurance firm for you.But, In case you are self employed or lose a career, these affordable health insurance decisions aren't pres… Read More
And we’ll shell out the rest. Also, some dental plans have an out-of-pocket maximum to safeguard you from high costs throughout the year. On some plans, for those who arrive at this maximum, we’ll spend the full cost of any further care until your annual maximum benefit is met. Aflac will likely not pay benefits for services rendered by you or… Read More
This link will consider you to definitely a new site not affiliated with BCBSTX. It will eventually open in a fresh window. To return to our Web-site, just close the new window. Refer to big information for our linking coverage.Need help? Our accredited agents can advocate the best dental insurance options for your situation.We have been all see… Read More
Each month close to the full moon on The Wirral I hold a Moon Circle to share the ancient teachings of the moon; we gather together in a spirit of love and community. Since beginning my circle, other circles have been created in the UK and abroad joining us together in the old ways of honouring the moon.
The moon is full on October 24th and it is in the sign of Taurus. Taurus is ruled by the planet Venus and so this moon brings a greater capacity for love and most importantly self-love which is the goal of each and every one of us.
There is a deep connection from this full moon to the constellation of Andromeda and the stars call us as we connect to the lunar light at this time. Our feet need to be firmly planted on mother Earth and she brings us so many of our teachings as we work under the light of the moon but there are times where we need to ascend into the cosmos and draw down the heavenly light from the stars and receive the teachings from the teachers and the stars themselves. This brings the blending of heaven and earth.
Andromeda was the daughter of Cassiopeia and it is interesting that Cassiopeia is the constellation which belongs to Mary Magdalene. The meaning of the constellation of Andromeda is the chained woman, a woman in chains who is ultimately freed so what better symbolism we have for finding the inner freedom to completely own self love.
Draw down the light of Sirius allowing it to enter your Crown and radiate through you and out into the circle.
Draw down the full moon light knowing that it is filled with the vibrations of Venus, the vibrations of love and wrap the moonlight around you to create your priestess gown feeling the white light shift you from an earthly consciousness to cosmic consciousness.
Prepare yourself to travel out into the universe and make your intentions on the route you are to take which is to the constellation of Andromeda. You feel an acceleration within you, a very powerful vibration which lifts you up into the air and you ascend into the starry heavens. You travel across the sky taking in the wonderful sights of planets and constellations seeing great beauty everywhere. There are pathways across the universe, like motorways, well trodden path ways which can lead you to different constellations.
You arrive at the constellation of Andromeda and you know exactly which planet you are heading to. You step upon the planet and a vast landscape appears before you, a landscape of such great beauty and you can feel the vibrations of peace and harmony here for this is a very advanced planet within the constellation which you have come to.
You see white buildings here set amidst beautiful gardens containing flowers similar to those which grow upon the Earth. Anywhere you may travel in the universe you will always find that life is not so different to the life upon Earth with the exception that we are babies and life upon other planets is far more advanced than ours.
As you look upon the white buildings before you and you realise that these are places of learning and healing you walk towards one of them. When you reach the door of the building you have chosen a priestess dressed in white like you comes to greet you. She looks human in form for the same DNA fills the universe. You can sense that she is wise and loving and you are welcomed into her arms.
The Temple you enter is dedicated to love but it is love for the self for that is the first love and within the temple are delivered teachings to teach everyone how to love themselves. You feel the essence of love fill the air, you feel it in the flowers which are placed around, you feel it in the other beings who are here for you are entering a sacred space of divine love. How your heart has longed to truly love yourself, to love yourself completely for you know that that is when your peace will come. The priestess leads you forwards and she along with others now begins your education of true self love.
The ceremony takes place outside at night upon the same planet you already visited. The purpose of this ceremony is the renewing of the heart so that any feelings of lack of self-love will be transformed in the light of true understanding.
Wearing your white lunar gown you gather in the Temple Gardens under the full moon around an altar of the most beautiful clear crystal which is carved with crystal flowers which you recognise. Upon the altar is a chalice made of rose quartz and a high priestess speaks sacred words and holds the chalice up to the sky and as she speaks a stream of stars enters into the chalice dissolving into a silvery liquid. Starlight is one of the greatest healers of all and so she passes this around and you drink deeply from the chalice and you feel the Starlight fill your entire being purifying it and releasing any old thoughts of lack of self-love. As you are cleansed and purified you place your hands around your heart and you remove it from you and you feel completely anything within you which does not resonate with self-love. As each of these feelings are released from the heart which you will hold they are transformed into tiny little stars which drop onto the ground filling it with iridescent light everywhere.
Still holding your heart you begin to sing along with the other priestesses a song of love and you feel the love now enter into your heart. At the very moment when the love is so deep and profound a shooting star falls from the heavens and lands within your heart creating a five pointed star within it and this is the moment of transformation for the five pointed star is a symbol of love.
You make a wish and you kiss your heart and you put it back inside where it belongs. You all now have hearts filled with love and to celebrate the wonderful joy of this connection you sit and speak to one another heart to heart sharing with everyone.
The five pointed star is the star of Venus and she makes this shape in the sky during her orbit so this star is firmly embedded in her essence. This star is also the star of Mary Magdalene and both the star and Mary Magdalene are associated with the metal copper. Copper is one of the most healing metals of all and it conducts energy and allows it to flow but there is much more to its transformative abilities.
You are to wear a copper coloured gown and wear copper jewellery and then you are to transport yourself to the Greek island of Cyprus whose name means copper for it was the source of much copper in times gone by.
You will be taken to an ancient Temple by the sea and you will watch as the goddess Aphrodite emerges from the sea for this is her Temple and she will take you within it and she will heal you for she is the goddess of love. She will transmit to you the sounds of the planet Venus, these are the sounds of love and you will absorb both her vibrations and the heavenly music and you will feel a great healing take place within you. The healing you will receive will be pure love, you will be healed by love, by the love of the goddess and by love itself and you will feel love as a reality and you can touch it and know it and your whole body will vibrate with the love you have received and you will finally accept that you love yourself.
May you all be touched by the greatest love this month and may the lunar and Venus vibrations bring great transformation to your heart.
If you would like to begin a moon circle in your area then I will be happy to pass on information to help you to do this. Although you can run a circle any way you want I send out teachings to all the moon circle teachers each month before the full moon and they can use these if they wish. Your contact details can also be added to the contacts page on the website.
If you are interested in beginning your own circle then please get in touch with me at: [email protected]
The objectives of our course is to build life skills such as teamwork, effective communication and problem solving, to help you unleash your potential. To this end, we offer an authentic work experience focused on many aspects of the world of business, from marketing and advertising, to generating innovative ideas, to point of sale skills. We have the flexibility to create a programme to suit any group’s needs.
Location and coordinates are for the approximate centre of Florence Copse within this administrative area. Geographic features and populated places may cross administrative borders.
Location and coordinates are for the approximate centre of Lem Brook within this administrative area. Geographic features and populated places may cross administrative borders.
Location and coordinates are for the approximate centre of Loch Fada Cul na Beinne within this administrative area. Geographic features and populated places may cross administrative borders.
Location and coordinates are for the approximate centre of Slutsgarden Wood within this administrative area. Geographic features and populated places may cross administrative borders.
Bolton’s Office National & Work Wear Superstore opened its Ballarat Store in September 2013, following in the footsteps of their successful Bendigo business which has been servicing the Central Victorian Business community since 1885.
The Ballarat business is proud to employ over a dozen local people who specialise in specific areas of the retail or commercial operations.
As a member of ‘Commerce Ballarat’ and ‘The Committee for Ballarat’, Bolton’s is committed to the growth and prosperity of the city and also supports a number of charitable, education and sporting organisations Bolton’s is uniquely a single source for all of your business essentials including: - Stationery & Office Supplies: - Corporate & Industrial Work Wear - Commercial & Office Furniture - Offset & Digital Printing Services
The in-store print services team offer innovative print solutions to suit your needs for any print job, large or small. Combining a unique range of services in the one convenient location Bolton’s also offer the added advantage of a personalised account manager for each of their commercial customers. These account managers actually attend your place of business and discuss your individual needs. Thus, ensuring you an efficient and cost effective office supplies solution.
Mallard the Wonderdog is Dave Williams, formerly of Plans and Apologies. Read more on Last.fm. User-contributed text is available under the Creative Commons By-SA License; additional terms may apply.
I appreciate the authors’ responses and their effort put into revising the paper. I find most of the concerns I raised in my review to have been properly addressed. However, I still have the following issues that I’d like to be considered and resolved:
1) I’m afraid I am not convinced by the response regarding the use of RDF(S) semantics in computing the summary. Even if we restrict the claim just to the schema graph it just doesn’t hold. Let’s assume we deal with an empty instance graph and want to summarize only the schema graph. The algorithm makes references to certain measures, such as RC, Rel or Cov. All these measures evaluate the scores for the respective entities (edges, concepts, paths) by looking up the schema graph G_S only – not its deductive closure Cl(G_S). Because of that, whenever we have two syntactically different graphs G_S =/= G_S’ the resulting summary might be different for both of them, even if it is the case that the graphs are semantically equivalent, i.e., when Cl(G_S) = Cl(G_S’). This is basically follows from the definitions and the algorithm. And yes, the algorithm starts off with Cl(G_S), but since the measures only work over G_S this is not enough . So this either has to be either changed, or made clear in the paper that the proposed method is largely syntactic - making possibly some use of the semantics but not guaranteeing equivalent results for semantically equivalent graphs.
2) The notion of validity occurring on p.4 adds to the confusion regarding the semantics of RDFS. The definition of RDFS per se does not enforce any validity requirements related to the domain and range restrictions. It is the very idea of the open world architecture and logical entailment that ensures that if suitable assertions about certain individuals are not explicitly stated in the graph, they will be inferred from the schema axioms. But there’s no requirement for these assertions to be there to start with.
3) In Definition 1, how come the nodes (which should be concepts or datatypes, as I understand) can also be literals from the earlier defined set L?
I thank the authors for having considered all my comments in their revised version, and to have provided answers to all the issues I've highlighted.
While I'm reasonably happy with all the modifications they have implemented, there are few points that should be discussed a bit further.
My previous comment: Again, about the use of blank nodes, there are some aspects that should be clarified as well. OWL ontologies usually adopts blank nodes for expressing class restrictions, group disjointness, etc. However, since these aspect are not considered at all in the algorithms proposed by the authors – at least, as far as I understood – it is not clear what they refer to with "blank nodes". Can they refer to individuals of a certain class that are not provided with a URL? This aspect should be explicitly discussed in the paper.
Authors' answer: Blank nodes do exist both in OWL and RDF/S ontologies. In RDF, a blank node is a node in an RDF graph representing a resource for which a URI or literal is not given.
Further comment: Yes, in RDF (which is the most generic framework involved in the authors' work, of course) that is the case. However, blank nodes can have specific meanings when we look at OWL in particular. OWL, of course, is still based on RDF, but uses blank nodes also for specific purposes, i.e.:
1. for allowing the description of individuals (i.e. instances of a particular class) without providing any explicit URL - and those are part of the ABox of the ontology;
2. for creating class/property/datatype restrictions, i.e. particular ontological entities that are functional to the organisation of the ontological concepts from a TBox perspective.
Thus, since the analysis presented by authors actually uses OWL ontologies, I think that keeping in mind that ABox/TBox distinction for blank nodes (e.g. by not considering TBox blank nodes from the computation) is important and could affect substantially the outcomes of the algoritms presented.
If the authors still believe, however, that it is good for their purposes to use blank nodes independently from this distinction, I would suggest to add some explanatory text in the paper explaining it.
My previous comment: The fact that the authors use the CIDOC-CRM core as summary of the full CIDOC-CRM is not convincing at all, and rather seems a simplification to me. Since the selection of the summaries for the other ontologies has been done by humans following a particular protocol, I would like to see a similar approach also for the CIDOC-CRM one, so as to basically compare summaries that have been done in the same way. In addition, that will result in a clear additional contribution of the work. Note that, since the source of KCE is available, the authors should also consider at least that method in the evaluation of CIDOC-CRM.
Authors' answer: According to reviewer comments, we conducted a new user-study using three new ontologies CRMdig, LUBM and eTMO with and without instances where three ontology experts generated the reference summaries for each ontology. In addition we included KCE in the corresponding evaluation as well.
Further comment: It is evident that the three experts involved in this new evaluation are not the authors (but I found this information only in the acknowledgements) and, thus, are not biased at all by how the authors' algorithm actually work. This should be explicitly stated in the paper.
In addition, the number of expert involved in this new evaluation is lower than that used in [10] and, thus, I would suggest to make it explicit as well.
My previous comment: There is no evidence of "low quality" in [18] related to the use of blank nodes in ontologies. Actually, blank nodes are used to define class restriction, and thus are rather useful and surely not so low quality.
Authors' answer: The corresponding statement was removed from the paper. However [...] "Blank nodes are treated as simply indicating the existence of a thing, without using, or saying anything about, the name of that thing" [...] "We discourage the use of blank nodes. It is impossible to set external RDF links to a blank node, and merging data from different sources becomes much more difficult when blank nodes are used. Therefore, all resources of any importance should be named using URI references."
Further comment: The reported citations are correct indeed. However they mainly refer to the use of blank node in RDF / Linked Data domain. There, blank node are the "evil" indeed! However, in the context of OWL ontologies, since they are the main tool for creating complex assertions such as restrictions (see my comment above), they are necessary, useful, and good. It strictly depends on the particular perspective one is looking at them.
However, given this comment, I'm starting to think that the authors refer to them to say "individuals with no IRI associated" (see point 1 in "About blank nodes"). Thus, what happens to the other blank nodes during the algorithm process (i.e. those related to the TBox of the ontology)?
Authors' text: The only case that our algorithms are worse than the other two algorithms is in the case of the Aktors Portal ontology. By trying to understand the reasons behind this, we identified that the Aktors Portal ontology contains a huge amount of blank nodes and this has a direct effect to the quality of our constructed summary, despite the fact that both our algorithms consider them when calculating the summary schema graphs.
Further comment: That is interesting indeed, and I suspect that this result concern the issue I've already highlighted in "About blank nodes". Something that should be discussed with a bit of more detail in the paper.
I would suggest to change the sentence "It is well-known [22] that low-level deltas can be used..." with something along the line of "In [22], the authors says that low-level deltas can be used...".
The authors have addressed all the remarks I made in my previous review. The formalisation of the approach is now in a much better shape, the authors have added proofs to the theorems and new experimental results.
In my opinion, the paper is very close to be ready for publication. Below I include some remarks that should be considered for the final version of the paper.
Sometimes you speak of an RDF KB, and other times of an RDF/S KB (even in Definition~1). Please, be consistent.
In Definition 1, the first $L$ refers to datatypes, and the second one to literals. Please, choose different symbols.
As a suggestion, you could write "the relative cardinality of an edge $p(v_i,v_j) \in E_S$" instead of "the relative cardinality of $p(v_i,v_j)$ $v_i, v_j \in G_S$". Also, I would write $p(v,w)$ and $p(n,m)$ for generic edges in $E_S$ and $E_I$, respectively (most of subscripts in the formula are actually unnecessary).
Isn't it $\lambda(r_p(n_i,n_j)) = \lambda(p(v_i,v_j))$ instead of $\tau_c(r_p(n_i,n_j)) = p(v_i,v_j)$? And since $\tau_c: I \to 2^C$, isn't it $v_i \in \tau_c(n_i)$ instead of $\tau_c(n_i) = v_i$?
To sum up, if I'm not wrong, the definition of $RC(p(v_0,w_0))$ for a given $p(v_0,w_0)\in E_S$ should be something like (assuming $E_S \not= \emptyset$): if $\{ p(n,m) \in E_I : v_0 \in \tau_c(n) \} \not= \emptyset$ or $\{ p(n,m) \in E_I : w_0 \in \tau_c(m) \} \not= \emptyset$ then
Page 2, "user-defined and standard RDF properties" should be "user-defined and standard RDF-S properties".
Suggestion: It is easier to understand schema content using only the summary graph since it contains the most important/representative nodes out of the initial graph. // A one or two line explanation on the domain-significance of the summary nodes would further motivates the reader.
p-5: "We consider as more important the user-defined ones.."// We consider the user-defined ones as more important..
1. Assume...."//Not clear what exactly you are trying to convey. Please recheck the definition reference and address the sentence-construction issues (are not any instances --> are no instances..)
Initially we calculate the Cl(G s ) and we need O(|V| 3 ).//Provide a reference or explain why it is O(|V|3).
..allowing users to use the second algorithm only whereas soon it will be updated to allow both the algorithms to be selected and used...//allowing users to use only the second algorithm (soon it will be updated with the other algorithm)
By trying to understand the reasons behind this, we identified that the Aktors Portal ontology contains a huge amount of
blank nodes and this has a direct effect to the quality of our constructed summary// In general, I wonder how does the presence of blank node affects *schema* summary. Blanks nodes can be though of as instances without names; in than sense they do have some significance (same as that of every other instances).
The equation in 6.3.1. Stage 3 Evaluation Measures, should be written properly. Please confirm whether |Vsummary| is present in the denominator OR Did you mean, (Vsummary \union \delta^{+}_{summ,ref})\backslash \delta^{+}_{summ,ref} ---> Vreference
Senger Gas Company is a family owned business that has been in operation since 1950 and has been in the commercial and residential gas business every since. We offer a number of services to meet your propane needs including bulk purchasing, leveled billing, automatic fill-ups, and more.
Hoje pela manhã deixamos nosso hotel e seguimos de mala e cuia para o Hotel das Letras, incluído no pacote Expedição Marrocos. Lá encontramos nossos amigos Fábio e Márcia.
Call one toll-free number for prompt professional support from our client services team – 800.800.5655
We will contact you immediately upon discovering a problem with a specimen. We will notify you of life-threatening results within one hour.
Our CAS team provides implementation training, supply management, web-based training and other in-clinic services.
In addition to our CAS team we have developed AscendU, a fully interactive suite of online training tools to help train all levels of staff who are either learning, or refreshing their knowledge. This training content has been developed and targeted to all roles in the ESRD care process.
Ensuring that clinics receive every dollar to which they’re legally entitled has become a complex and time consuming process. We streamline this processes through receiving electronic patient information (ADT), electronic eligibility verification, electronic invoicing, and transmission of key patient data needed to bill CMS under the bundling system.
Ascend Clinical is the nation’s leader in ESRD laboratory testing for independent dialysis providers. Our clients include independent dialysis facilities and medium to large dialysis clinics including hospital based facilities throughout the United States and its territories.
Latest News for Davante Adams, Bio, Stats, Injury Reports, Photos, Video Highlights, and Game Logs for Green Bay Packers Wide Receiver Davante Adams Samantha's Tales, Part 1. Exhibitionist game playing has its risks. Mom heals me. Young male teacher is seduced by a hot MILF colleague. Somali stud bangs. We were unable to load Disqus. If you are a moderator please see our troubleshooting guide. Stupidest article. My ex never even touches his facebook, and when he does it is only to comment on something someone else had posted. Not all men send signals. 12 Types of Sex Couples Will Have in Their 30s. Like, Weve got about 15 minutes to kill in between all the things we have planned today sex. You feel like you are going crazy. You're always walking on eggshells. Your partner never takes responsibility or is the master of manipulation. Jun 15, 2016nbsp;0183;32;ALL MY VIDEOS are in 1080p so check that out. please use this video as a guide on hooking up a 3 minor dating laws florida GM alternator. minor dating laws florida is a 55 amp from a 79. Shutterstock There are more dating sites than ever. And theyre filled mijor men in their 40s. Why. Because men in their daying just like you, dont feel like free hookup lines. Jul 27, 2016nbsp;0183;32;The dating older man advice marriages are between best friends. A 2014 National Bureau of Economic Research study found that marriage does indeed lead to increased well. Matrimony. datin, the online matchmaking services provider, has opened its Safe dating code tinder matching 500-crore florisa public offering for subscription eating Monday, with a price forida of Rs 983. The History of Siwa Oasis According to scientific c ronaldo dating history dating from the beginning minor dating laws florida the last century, Siwa oasis. 5 Things Single Women are Datint for Single Men to Know - Dawn Speed dating assessment - Flofida about Christian minor dating laws florida and lawss advice, help and resources on Christian single living. quot;Specialized Online Interracial Dating Site quot;quot;Most Successful Mixed Race Dating Site quot;If you are a black man dating white womanor a black woman seeking white man. Sexual hook-up culture. With more emerging adults having casual sex, researchers are exploring psychological consequences of such encounters. By Justin R. Garcia, The. Contact Treyarch Customer Service. Find Treyarch Customer Support, Phone Number, Email Address, Customer Care Returns Fax, 800 Number, Chat and Treyarch … Presenting 50 incredible destinations for 2015. Where will you go this year. Sim (simulated) racing is the collective term for computer software that attempts to accurately simulate auto racing, complete with real-world variables such as fuel. Free porutham or kundali milan or vedic Match making or kundli match Tool. Oct 14, 2013nbsp;0183;32;This feature is not available right now. Please try again later. Guys view everything as a competition, he elaborates with his deep, reassuring voice.
Mar 28, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Intercourse isn't the only way you can get pregnant. Here are eight weird and unexpected ways you can get pregnant with someone. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Taking a break can be difficult when there are so many things to do, and you have so little time to spend for yourself. My Oasis is a game app created for. Able To Love You - a dating's service for disabled singles, where they find disabled friends and love online With the future, then, dating from the time when dating in league city tx was written, and with that future alone, the book is concerned.
besocial. com is the best online dating site that is also free to use. Find online friends, share your interests and. Fox amp; Friends on Fox News Channel daily from 6AM to 9AM ET. Ainsley Earhardt, Steve Doocy amp; Brian Kilmeade report on famous faces, health, politics amp; news you can use. Emily Heist Moss hasnt had to pursue men online because its one area where men still do all the asking.
But thats about to change. I tell all my single. Get the latest music elements used in radiometric dating, watch video clips from music minor dating laws florida, events, and exclusive performances from your favorite artists. Discover minor dating laws florida music on MTV. Best Minor dating laws florida Boob Dating Site. Big Hbo online dating documentary Date is a huge breasts paradise with well endowed women.
Dating games similar to my candy love you have a secret and strong … Texarkana, Texas and Arkansas newspaper. Includes news, sports, opinion, and local information. Medical services in government hospitals had been disrupted nationwide with patients not attended to. DEMANDS. Among other demands, the doctors are protesting the.
Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Established since 2007, Amputee Dating Club is the leading site for amputees singles. Lots of members in USA, Canada, UK, Australia and worldwide. Join now. Hebrew New Testament translation with Hebrew letters from most ancient Jewish sources You know who she is.
Romance scams Angelina Osie; Aka: Agnes Essel, Claudia Dadzie, Pamela Linda Gibson, Angie Seun Sailes, Rubi Nana Addy, Angelina Osai, … This post may include affiliate links. Purchasing through them helps support this website. Ten things I wish my mom told me about middle school love Lotus Europa site with a registry, photos, knowledgebase, calendar, documentation, literature, events, clubs, photos and more. Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out your height, while hard might include coming up with a good dating. Enter the top online fun spot where you can meet flirty singles from your area. Join now to browse photo personals, enter fun chat rooms and find dates. This is the double-edged sword of online dating. You have far more access to singles than ever before. But so does everyone else. Which means that there's. Former WWE Divas Champion Kaitlyn (Celeste Bonin), who recently revealed that she was training for an in-ring return, went public with her recent drug addiction. Need help finding your perfect screen name. Here are some ideas for creating the coolest usernames for Instagram, Reddit, Twitter, Snapchat, etc. Hi Syndi, I always learn something from your tips. Thanks. I thought there was an etiquette rule that women floriad not wear a hat after 5 PM I florisa that means. anx183;i183;e183;ty (ăng-zīĭ-tē) mjnor. anx183;i183;e183;ties 1. A state of uneasiness and apprehension, as minor dating laws florida future biseksuelle dating sider. A cause of anxiety: For some. Fporida Minor dating laws florida Penetration 3 Minor dating laws florida adult movie video at CD Datihg, All Interracial, Featuring AJ Applegate amp; Ashley Daring, Each Girl Double-Teamed And Minor dating laws florida. Son Datihg Moms Best Friend Porn Girl im dating talks about her ex - The Most Popular Minor dating laws florida on Fating JoJo. dwting - Three stages of dating a narcissist Son Takes Mom Over and Dating pop search titles only has image posted today bundle duplicates include nearby areas austin, TX (aus) baton rouge (btr) The florica scene in each city is unique. In every situation, cost and budget will play a key role in finding your soul mate. We minor dating laws florida turned to a panel of experts. Our tours are physically active. It's an essential part lwws the Minro Steves tour experience. On our Loire to the South of France in 13 Days tour minorr among other things. Truthers Insist My Photos of Sandy Hook Were Faked. They Can Go to Hell. Articles, essays, and information disneyland dating app gender dysphoria, minor dating laws florida all of trusted online dating sites complexities surrounding it. Best and worst Jewish online dating sites and minor dating laws florida apps. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Welkom op RALkleur. D233; site om ral kleuren op te zoeken in een kleurenwaaier. RAL kleuren geel RAL kleuren oranje RAL kleuren rood RAL kleuren paars RAL kleuren. Emma Watson: Latest Belle amp; Hermione Granger actress movies, dating amp; film news, He For She campaign amp; UN speech amp; images of Beauty amp; The Beast star UK Senior Dating for the over 50's with the Senior Dating Agency. We help singles over 50 to find other senior singles in the UK for dates and companionship. Register. Map of the local innovation industry. Meet some of the best and newest startups based in London. Hasbro Official website for all of your favorite Hasbro toys. From Transformers to Star Wars to The Avengers, you can find them all here. Sharing my easy guide to setup Netflix in Singapore in minutes. You can eliminate high monthly fees from Singtel and Starhub, and enjoy a much wider video collection. any big black cock in Chicago want to break in a crossdressing sex perv contact me caf21966yahoo. com-- ill get the room you bring 10quot; I was thinking of getting a. What sport would you never want to watch. If you're lost, do you ask for directions. Describe the ideal vacation.
The Ikon is for true racers looking for a true lightweight race tire. With 3C Triple Compound Technology, high-volume casing and a fast rolling tread design, the Ikon provides exemplary performance in all riding conditions. As its name suggests, the Ikon represents all that is true in racing.
What discernment is, how it works and how we can and must apply it in our lives to weed out the frauds in our midst.
Disciple up is a podcast designed to empower disciples of Jesus to follow Him closely and to become more like Him in every area of life.
jan. - A former sex worker says girls as young as 12 have asked her how to break into the industry – and blames the media for glamorising 'high-end' prostitution as a Insider's Guide to Being a Financially Successful Escort was published and it was revealed the former sex worker had slept with over men. Social climber call girls / escorts may not look like the type of girl you'd expect to be hooking. It's helpful to know what kind of girl you're dealing with, especially before you get involved. One of my monger buddies, for instance, had a night where he hit it off with a really cute sex-fiend-type hooker who was really into him and. Call girls and Escort girls, Valencia Escorts in luxury brothel; Felina Valencia. Sex club 24h available. More than 40 Escorts Valencia.
I was extremely nervous but I had an experienced girl showing me the ropes. Backpage is more wide open, and it gets cheaper guys, as well as scary, freaky guys. Social climber call girls / escorts may not look like the type of girl you'd expect to be hooking. It's helpful to know what kind of girl you're dealing with, especially before you get involved. One of my monger buddies, for instance, had a night where he hit it off with a really cute sex-fiend-type hooker who was really into him and. mar. - The men who buy sex tend to call themselves 'hobbyists' or 'punters', the anti-sex work types call them 'Johns', and sex workers call them 'customers' or 'clients'. But who are they, and why do they do it? Dr Brooke Magnanti, a former call girl, reports. jun. - I'm an actively working girl. My first time was only about a month ago. It was through a website where you make offers to pay a girl to go on a date with you. They had to be very clear that it was't a prostitution website (you compensate for time it said, many many times) but sex was fairly well implied. My first.
I apologise, but, in my opinion, you are mistaken. I suggest it to discuss. Write to me in PM, we will talk.
Buddy our warehouse cat takes over the keyboard & mouse, of course, to update our customers on new book titles, specials on our Discount New Age Books web site… and to tell his 4 & 2 legged pals of his adventures and discoveries on the Internet.
We are offering a 20% discount on your next order through Wednesday, November 1st. If your order is over $20 we will also ship it for free in the United States.
Experiencing writer’s block? Stumped for a solution to a personal problem? Lacking inspiration for an upcoming project? The Bright Idea Deck is the perfect tool for supercharging the brainstorming process and getting the creative juices flowing.
This out of print deck retails for $19.95, but through Monday, November 14th you can grab it for just $9.50.
All of our pendulums come with a velveteen pouch and free US shipping on orders over $20. Please follow the link below and Happy Shopping.
Pendulums make awesome gifts for anyone, especially for people that have never used one before. There is a natural fascination with these dowsing items.
We are offering during this one-week special a FREE Dowsing Disk Kit with every pendulum that you purchase through Monday, December 14th.
This dowsing kit includes a clear plastic sheet for practicing with a pendulum, along with a pamphlet containing basic beginner instructions. In addition, each pendulum comes with a beautiful velveteen pouch.
Also, for those far away friends and family, please note that we can drop-ship your order anywhere in the world (international shipping by quote only). At check out, simply enter their address in the SHIPPING section – shipping confirmation will be sent to the email entered for the order.
We have 100’s of pendulum designs to choose from. Pictured to the right is our new Layered Chakra & Fancy OM Charm Pendulum.
As always, many thanks to all of our valued customers for your continued patronage of our family-owned business.
This means books in this sale may no longer be available in the future. We are selling them off to other sources, taking these titles out of circulation likely for good. Our loss (warehouse clean-up) is your gain – if you hurry!
Some titles have limited quantities, so be sure to order early. We’ll be running up and down the aisles to stay ahead of this popular sale… Thank you in advance for your patience. This sale is set to run through Monday, April 27th.
Discount Printer Ribbons is proud to offer genuine Smith Corona H Series Typewriter Ribbons for your typewriter. These Typewriter Ribbons are freshly manufactured and ready to be shipped to you today. These correctable typewriter ribbons are designed to work in antique typewriters, vintage typewriters, word processing typewriters, manual typewriters, and electronic typewriters.
Do you dream about waking up in the morning in the middle of the Icelandic wilderness, pack your bag, saddle a horse, drive a heard of horses through rivers and over mountains, enjoy your sandwich in the grass to the sound of eating horses arriving to a new hut after a full day on horseback, have dinner and sleep like a child? Then you have found right place, welcome to Skálakot!
We have been working with horse tours and breeding for the last 30 years. We can offer you riding tours from 1 Hour up to 9 days in the beautiful area of Eyjafjöll, Thórsmörk and Landmannalaugar.
In DORODORO Quarks Yuko Kaseki and Minako Seki researching the origin of body, language and dance in their individual history. Since twenty years both dancers from Japan found fruitful ground in Berlin for their passionate works based on avant-garde japanese Butoh and contemporary dance. Worldwide individually recognised for performances, collaborations and workshops, both virtuoso artists do refine their works far away from Berlin dance mainstream and secured funding. Now Minako Seki and Yuko Kaseki created their first mutual piece.
A marijuana company may well commit to surrender its license Anytime. As a way to entire this method, make sure you Keep to the ways down below.A brief information which includes multi-company prevalent marijuana small business inspection specifications are available in this article.A stamp of acceptance from Zoning (if offering several floor stra… Read More
If you are still having problems, check out Opera's assist web page. You may as well lookup in the vicinity of a metropolis, put, or deal with in its place. Click on Safari during the Menu Bar at the very best of your display, then Tastes.Came in below with plenty of issues and a lack of knowledge with strains and products alternatives, and Emilio … Read More
Further expected paperwork for anyone eliminating homeowners or shifting the ownership percentage of current entrepreneursTo start with, fascinated bars and places to eat would have to clearly show they've got community guidance before obtaining a license to permit marijuana use. In addition, patrons must deliver their very own weed to comply with … Read More
You may be concerned about the high cost of capital gains tax with the sale of an appreciated asset. Perhaps you recently sold property and are looking for a way to save on taxes this year and plan for retirement. A charitable remainder unitrust might offer the solutions you need!
In the case of a trust funded with appreciated assets, the trust will then sell the assets tax-free.
The trust is invested to pay income to you or any other trust beneficiaries you select based on a life, lives, a term of up to 20 years or a life plus a term of up to 20 years.
Our organization benefits from what remains in the trust after all the trust payments have been made.
If you have any questions about a charitable remainder unitrust, please contact us. We would be happy to assist you and answer any questions you might have.
Charitable remainder unitrust for income. A charitable remainder unitrust pays you income that reflects the value of the trust's assets. Your income has the potential to increase over time as the trust grows in value.
How to select the right unitrust payout. There are several unitrust payout options to meet your needs. The best payout option may depend on the nature of the asset used to fund the trust. We would be happy to work with you and your tax advisor to determine which payout option is best for you.
Join our newsletter and receive design inspirations, product news and exclusive offers from Design Initial.
Ministry of New and Renewable Energy has been vested with the responsibility of developing Small Hydro Power (SHP) projects up to 25 MW station capacities. The estimated potential for power generation in the country from such plants is about 20,000 MW. Most of the potential is in Himalayan States as river-based projects and in other States on irrigation canals. The SHP program is now essentially private investment driven. Projects are normally economically viable and private sector is showing lot of interest in investing in SHP projects. The viability of these projects improves with increase in the project capacity. The Ministry’s aim is that at least 50% of the potential in the country is harnessed in the next 10 years.
Hydro power projects are generally categorized in two segments i.e. small and large hydro. In India, hydro projects up to 25 MW station capacities have been categorized as Small Hydro Power (SHP) projects. While Ministry of Power, Government of India is responsible for large hydro projects, the mandate for the subject small hydro power (up to 25 MW) is given to Ministry of New and Renewable Energy. Small hydro power projects are further classified asRead more
Small Hydro Power (SHP) Program is one of the thrust areas of power generation from renewable in the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy. It has been recognized that small hydropower projects can play a critical role in improving the overall energy scenario of the country and in particular for remote and inaccessible areas. The Ministry is encouraging development of small hydro projects both in the public as well as private sector. Equal attention is being paid to grid-interactive and decentralized projects.Read more
Aim: The Ministry’s aim is that the SHP installed capacity should be about 7000 MW by the end of 12th Plan. The focus of the SHP program is to lower the cost of equipment, increase its reliability and set up projects in areas which give the maximum advantage in terms of capacity utilization.
Potential: An estimated potential of about 20,000 MW of small hydro power projects exists in India. Ministry of New and Renewable Energy has created a database of potential sites of small hydro and 6,474 potential sites with an aggregate capacity of 19,749.44 MW for projects up to 25 MW capacity have been identified.
Aeg Backofen is part of great design ideas. Aeg Backofen was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed! Aeg Backofen was posted in Saturday May 12, 2018. Aeg Backofen has viewed by 52 users. Click it and download the Aeg Backofen..
Aeg Backofen Aeg Maxisense Free Aeg Hkfg Maxisense Tft Induction Hob with Flexy was posted on Saturday May 12, 2018 by designscollage.com. Aeg Backofen Aeg Maxisense Free Aeg Hkfg Maxisense Tft Induction Hob with Flexy was viewed 52 by visitor.
Author Broadjam.com Broadjam Earth Top 10Posted on February 28, 2017 Tags broadjam, charts, licensing, music, reviews, songs, top ten
WOW! - This walk covers a lot of ground and lasts around 3.5 hours (with a break, never fear!). Comfortable shoes are a good idea! We generally have a coffee break in a delightful and little known crypt café. The walk includes...
Presenter Jenni Farrell held workshops at the Kitchen Gallery, Broken Hill, introducing participants from Broken Hill, Wentworth and Menindee to felt-making techniques. Workshops will be held in Wilcannia on 18 September.
DESCRIPTION: The notion of water as life’s precious essence and the inevitable ebb and flow of supply inspired me to create Dehydration. Felt is an ancient textile and samples have been found in tombs dating back 4,000 years. In Mongolia today there are people making felt for their yurt houses and clothing, rug makers in Turkey and Russians making warm, felt boots (valenki) all using the same simple, traditional methods of wetting wool and providing some friction.
The felt technique used for this piece is called “Nuno” felt which was invented in Nimbin Australia by Polly Stirling and Sachiko Kotaka in the late 1980’s. In Japan the word nuno is to weave / woven and the wool fibres are felted onto woven fabric – as the wool travels through the holes in the weave. Materials used – Tissue silk fabric, merino wool, wool yarn.
The Philippines has a form of government-subsidized health insurance program called PhilHealth which should put medical care within reach of almost all Filipino families that have some form of income. One thing we've observed over the years is that many do not take advantage of it, and when a health problem arises, it becomes a financial crisis and people often lose their homes or go into debt. This picture is of a recent PhilHealth seminar taught by representatives of the program that we hosted at the House of Jubilee, which hopefully gave the families that attended an understanding of how to take advantage of this helpful resource and be protected in the future.
Do more than is required. What is the distance between someone who achieves their goals consistently and those who spend their lives and careers merely following? The extra mile - Gary Ryan Blair, Motivational Speaker
One in 10 consultant psychiatrist roles is currently unfilled in NHS organisations in England, says a report by the Royal College of Psychiatrists.
Wales is also struggling to fill posts, with vacancies of 9%, while Scotland and Northern Ireland have vacancy rates of 6% and 2% respectively.
The college called the vacancies “frankly alarming” and said they increased waiting times for patients.
Prof Wendy Burn, from the Royal College of Psychiatrists, said the current situation meant patients might be waiting months to see a psychiatrist, during which time they could be getting worse.
“Patients won’t get the care they need. Some will have been plucking up the courage to go to their GP, and then there is no-one to see them when they are referred,” she said.
At the same time, more posts were being created for consultant psychiatrists as mental illness moved up the health agenda, but there were no specialists to fill them, she said.
She said medical schools need to broaden their pool of applicants in order to get more psychiatrists into the workplace.
“We are keen that medical schools should take in people studying psychology A-level – because they will be more likely to end up as psychiatrists.”
The report found the situation was worst for psychiatrists in England who specialise in treating children or older people.
The findings are supported by a recent review by the Care Quality Commission which found young people are facing long waiting times and unequal access to mental health services.
“The government’s laudable ambition to improve mental health services will only be realised if we have the right workforce with the right skills in the right place.”
A majority of the Senate's Democrats called on the two-term lawmaker to get out after another woman emerged Wednesday saying he forcibly tried to kiss her in 2006. That brought to at least seven the number of women accusing him of sexual impropriety.
Franken, the former comedian who made his name on "Saturday Night Live," scheduled an announcement for Thursday. No topic was specified, but Democratic senators said they expected their liberal colleague to resign.
"Enough is enough," said Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York. "We need to draw a line in the sand and say none of it is OK, none of it is acceptable, and we, as elected leaders, should absolutely be held to a higher standard."
Gillibrand was the first to call for Franken's resignation on Wednesday, but a torrent of Democrats quickly followed.
"I'm shocked and appalled by Sen. Franken's behavior," said Sen. Patty Murray of Washington state. "It's clear to me that this has been a deeply harmful, persistent problem and a clear pattern over a long period of time. It's time for him to step aside."
A tweet posted Wednesday evening on Franken's Twitter account said: "Senator Franken is talking with his family at this time and plans to make an announcement in D.C. tomorrow. Any reports of a final decision are inaccurate."
"I consider Senator Franken a dear friend and greatly respect his accomplishments, but he has a higher obligation to his constituents and the Senate, and he should step down immediately," Schumer said.
Schumer called Franken immediately after the latest allegation -- and before the torrent of demands for Franken's resignation from Democrats -- and told him he needed to resign, said a Democrat familiar with the events. Schumer met later in his apartment with Franken and Franken's wife, Franni, and repeated that message, and he did the same in additional talks with the senator throughout the day, said the Democrat, who spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity to describe private conversations.
Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez weighed in, too, asking Franken to resign and saying, "Sexual misconduct, harassment and assault have no place in the Democratic Party, the United States Congress, the White House or anywhere."
The resignation demands came in rapid succession even though Franken on Wednesday vehemently denied the new accusation that came from a former Democratic congressional aide, who said he tried to forcibly kiss her after a taping of his radio show in 2006.
The woman, who was not identified, told Politico that Franken pursued her after her boss had left and she was collecting her belongings. She said that she ducked to avoid his lips and that Franken told her: "It's my right as an entertainer."
But it was soon clear that his position had become untenable, and his office later issued a statement saying, "Senator Franken will be making an announcement tomorrow. More details to come."
Fellow Democratic Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar, who spoke to Franken, wrote on Twitter, "I am confident he will make the right decision."
Capitol Hill has long had a culture that has erred on the side of protecting lawmakers. Franken, who is generally liked and respected by his colleagues, was initially afforded deference as he battled the initial allegations against him. But as the number of accusations grew, women in the Senate, who faced pressure from the public and the media for protecting Franken, grew increasingly frustrated.
The pressure only mounted Tuesday, when Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., resigned after numerous allegations of sexual misconduct.
Sen. Tammy Duckworth, D-Ill., who spoke to Franken, said, "He's devastated. He's ashamed and he's sorry and everything that he's been saying and it's hard, but I told him, Al, at the end of the day, this was wrong and so I'm sorry, but this is what we're going to have to do."
One irony: While Franken apparently is departing, Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore could be arriving, if he prevails in a Dec. 12 special election. Multiple women have accused the 70-year-old Moore of sexual misconduct with them when they were teens and he was a deputy district attorney in his 30s. If Moore is elected, it could create a political nightmare for Republicans, who have promised an ethics probe.
Perez, the DNC chair, was quick to point out the difference, saying in a statement, "Instead of standing up for women and confronting the problems of misconduct within their own ranks, the Republican Party has chosen to pursue power and push their radical far-right agenda at any cost."
A national conversation about sexual harassment has intensified this fall after the heavily publicized case of movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, who was accused of many acts of sexual misconduct, including rape, by actresses and other women. Just on Wednesday, Time magazine named as its person of the year the "silence breakers" -- women who have come forward on sexual harassment.
Punishment has been swift for leaders in entertainment, media and sports while members of Congress have tried to survive the onslaught of allegations.
Franken already faced a Senate Ethics Committee investigation into previous claims by several other women that he groped them or sought to forcibly kiss them.
The allegations began in mid-November when Leeann Tweeden, now a Los Angeles radio anchor, accused him of forcibly kissing her during a 2006 USO tour in Afghanistan.
Other allegations followed, including a woman who says Franken put his hand on her buttocks as they posed for a photo at the Minnesota State Fair in 2010. Two women told the Huffington Post that Franken squeezed their buttocks at political events during his first campaign for the Senate in 2008. A fourth woman, an Army veteran, alleged Franken cupped her breast during a photo on a USO tour in 2003.
Franken was first elected to the Senate in 2008, defeating Republican Norm Coleman in a bitter recount that took seven months. Franken won that race despite attacks over bawdy humor and writings dating back to his days on NBC's "Saturday Night Live," including a proposed skit joking about rape.
Franken said then that he regretted such writings, and once in the Senate, he cultivated a serious and policy-oriented image. Throughout his eight years in office, he fashioned a reputation as a populist Democrat and fueled speculation that he might run for president in 2020.
Associated Press writers Juliet Linderman in Washington and Jay Reeves in Birmingham, Alabama, contributed to this report.
Welcome to your discussion forum: Sign in with a Disqus account or your social networking account for your comment to be posted immediately, provided it meets the guidelines. (READ HOW.) Comments made here are the sole responsibility of the person posting them; these comments do not reflect the opinion of The Sentinel and Enterprise. So keep it civil.
One Stop Entertainment , Bringing You New Shows Every day ! Like our Facebook for updates ! 天天看好戏 ！당신에게 매일 새로운 드라마를 가져다줍니다!
The every thing Parent's consultant to confident self-discipline promises all you want to assist you do something about habit concerns, either huge and small. Written via famous psychologist Dr. Carl E. Pickhardt, this authoritative, sensible publication provide you with expert suggestion on facing every thing from getting your children to do their homework to instructing them to admire their elders.
Marilla and Matthew Cuthbert, brother and sister who dwell jointly at eco-friendly Gables, a farm in Avonlea on Prince Edward Island in Canada, choose to undertake a boy from an orphan asylum in Nova Scotia as a helper on their farm. via a chain of mishaps, the person that finally ends up less than their roof is a precocious woman of 11 named Anne Shirley.
The guy at the back of the hot York instances Magazine’s immensely well known column “The Ethicist”–syndicated in newspapers around the usa and Canada as “Everyday Ethics”–casts an eye fixed on today’s manners and mores with a provocative, thematic number of recommendation on easy methods to be reliable within the actual global. a week in his column on ethics, Randy Cohen takes on conundrums awarded in letters from at a loss for words those that are looking to do the suitable factor (or desire to break out with doing the incorrect thing), and responds with a skillful mix of ethical authority and humor.
Taking care of My middle is set Jane, who smokes, beverages and likes celebration foodstuff. We first see her celebrating her twenty fifth birthday together with her friends and family. numerous years later her father dies of a middle assault. whilst Jane begins to have chest pains, a chum reminds her of what occurred to her father, yet she refuses to visit see her GP.
The capsule “Tribute to fashion and style icons” is a tribute that is dedicated by the brand Anna Cortina to great creators and the impact of their work in the fashion industry. Through the skulls (illustrated on the handbags) symbolises that their art and creativity go on like living legends in our society and for future generations, although they are no longer around.
Conifers Garden pays special attention to the protection of rare conifer species. Our Webshop offers a wide variety of plants under international protection from various botanical gardens and arboretums. In addition to protection provided at the natural habitat we intend to contribute to the preservation of rare species by our activities.
"The affinities of all the beings of the same class have sometimes been represented by a great tree... As buds give rise by growth to fresh buds, and these if vigorous, branch out and overtop on all sides many a feebler branch, so by generation I believe it has been with the great Tree of Life, which fills with its dead and broken branches the crust of the earth, and covers the surface with its ever branching and beautiful ramifications."
After you have confirmed your AlertMail signup information, and read and accepted the AlertMail Terms of Service, you will receive an Activation Email. This email will include a web hyperlink with an activation code. You need to click this link, and activate your account using the provided code. Once activated, you will receive a Welcome email, and your AlertMail account will be fully operational.
If you are having trouble receiving this Activation email, the most likely cause is spam blocking software. You should check your spam email folder to see if the Activation email has been misidentified as spam. This is a common problem and can be prevented by adding the AlertMail system to your "white list". Further information on spam filter problems is provided in the AlertMail knowledge base.
If you are having problems activating your account, please use the Contact Us form, and provide the full details of your New Signup, such as your name and email address.
10/15/2018 Administration : Hello Sir/ Madam....would like to introduce myself as Geetha Rao working from past
We went to the house Mandela used to live in, we were told stories of how the police used to fire shots into the house when students used to take refuge there.
I'm trying to simulate a 4-link suspension in CaRMetal, but I'm having trouble with a constrain that has two solutions.
In the attached (CaRMetal 4.0.2) file (also at http://rf.com.br/pub/suspension.zip), the upperArm segment end point can be defined by the intersection of upperArmLengthSphere with axleAnchorsDistanceSphere with the plane P84-P85-P86.
The problem is that there are two points where these elements intersect, so when we move the axleLowerAnchor up and down, the upperArm "jumps" from one solution to the other.
I drew an arc through 3 points over one of the intersecting circles, covering only the "allowed" region, and connected the upperArm to the intersection of this arc and the other circle.
I didn't expect the arc through 3 points tool, which is in the "2D" Construction pane, to work for a 3d arc.
As you can see in the zir file, P128 point is superhidden, it's the 2nd intersection point, and it is not 3D. Actually, I don't know how you got it...
- try create the intersection in 3D (with 3D intersection tool between curves). Problem is the intersection between the two 3D circles should work and it doesn't... You say this is an intersection between two spheres and a plane. Maybe you could try create first the intersection circle between the two spheres and then try to create the intersection with another circle made with the plane.
- create first intersection point in the zir file. Then, with an if expression, you could switch from P128 to that new point... so that in appearance it wouldn't switch (!). (that's very ugly option...)
All things related to drug and device wholesalers and home medical device retailers to retain an Exemptee or Designated Representative on-site to conduct their business.
. . ."anyone who buys drugs from wholesale distributors should include a step in their “purchasing” Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) to check this database to confirm that the company they are placing an order with is properly licensed in the jurisdiction they are located in."
NEW! CA Designated Representative-3PL online training certification by SkillsPlus Intl Inc.- We'll send you the 3PL training affidavit upon successful course completion.
CA Designated Representative online web-based training certification by SkillsPlus Intl Inc. - Available around-the-clock 24 x 7
FL Certified Designated Representative (CDR) online exam prep course - Lots of practice exams - Practice makes perfect!
Labels: 3PL, certification, class, course, database, designated representative, distributor, drug, DSCSA, fda, license, licensed, logistics, search, training, wholesale, wholesaler
VIDEO: What you need to know about California Designated Representative Training. Start the video, then expand it to view it in fullscreen mode!
SkillsPlus International Inc.'s California Designated Representative training courses are accepted by the California State Board of Pharmacy. Earn a training affidavit.
California Designated Representative Reverse Distributor Training Course. Course price is $625 per student.
Training affidavit for CA Designated Reps. For drug/device wholesalers, and third-party logistics providers. Course price is $525 per student.
CA Designated Representative-3PL Training Course: $525 per student. For third-party logistics providers.
California Designated Representative Training Courses - Approved by the California State Board of Pharmacy (Tumblr)
California Designated Representative Training Courses - Approved by the California State Board of Pharmacy
Provides a step-by-step description of starting up and making a home medical equipment business successful.
This is closely related to other e-learning or eLearning terms, such as: online training, web-based training (WBT), internet-based training (IBT), digital training, virtual training, e-training (technology based traiing, TBT). e-learning refers to all forms of electronically supported learning and teaching.
A California designated representative is an individual who performs clerical, inventory control, housekeeping, delivery, maintenance, or similar functions related to the distribution or dispensing of dangerous drugs or dangerous devices.
An individual approved by the board to provide sufficient and qualified supervision of a third-party logistics provider’s place of business. The designated representative-3PL shall protect the public health and safety in the handling, storage, warehousing, distribution, and shipment of dangerous drugs and dangerous devices. (CA BOP).
An individual to whom a license has been granted pursuant to Section 4053.2, who is responsible for supervision over a licensed wholesaler that only acts as a reverse distributor (CA Board of Rx - Desig Rep RD).
Also referred to as eLearning. A wide set of applications and processes, such as Web-based learning, computer-based learning, virtual classrooms, and digital collaboration.
A California exemptee is an employee that meets the required knowledge and training mandated by California Health and Safety Code 111656.4.
Home Medical Device Retailer (HMDR) Licensing Program. This Program licenses all California and Out-of-State facilities and businesses who supply medical devices or durable medical equipment for use in the home to treat acute or chronic illnesses or injuries.
California law defines a “manufacturer” as any person who prepares, derives, produces, compounds, or repackages any drug or device except a pharmacy that manufactures on the immediate premises where the drug or device is sold to the ultimate consumer. (B&P § 4033(a), (b), (c); see also H&S § 109970.)
SOP is the abbreviation for Standard Operating Procedures. Both the Board of Pharmacy and the HMDR require SOPS.
Under California law, a “wholesaler” is any person who acts as a wholesale merchant, broker, jobber, customs broker, reverse distributor, agent, or a nonresident wholesaler, who sells for resale, or negotiates for distribution, or takes possession of, any dangerous drug or device. (B&P § 4043(a).)
Video: Fitness robot for pets to use AI to keep them fit, healthy and entertained while owner is out
All data and information provided on this site is for informational purposes only. This blog makes no representations as to accuracy, completeness, currentness, suitability, or validity of any information on this site and will not be liable for any errors, omissions, or delays in this information or any losses, injuries, or damages arising from its display or use. All information is provided on an as-is basis. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Here I am on SportsCenter. I'm in the back behind Coach Pearl sitting near Rebecca Lobo wearing the white shirt. Here's a link to the video: SportsCenter
Here are a few more photos from Gideon's Birthday. Nan 'T' wanted to see what his new room looked like, so I made a panorama of his room using Photoshop. Not bad for a first try!
Well Gideon is now 3 years old. Actually he's been three for a week now, but we decided to celebrate his birthday again on Saturday. He had a pretty good birthday. We got him a Cars birthday cake, that he didn't want to eat, but he did want to play with the toys that were on top of the cake. He also got a new bed. We bought him a toddler bed this weekend, so that he wouldn't have to sleep in his crib any more. He seems to like it, but he's still having trouble going to sleep it it. It's just going to take some time. Anyways, Nan 'T' and Papa Walker came up to visit and help us get rid of his crib and the extra bed in his room. It has really opened up a lot of room for him to play. They got him a little basketball goal for his room and he loves to play with it. Gideon also got a hair cut on Saturday. We all had a good time. Nan 'T' took some pictures so I went ahead and posted those. I haven't got my camera with me so I can't post the pictures I took. I'll try to post them tomorrow. Well that's all I've got for now. Hope everyone has a great day.
Here are some photos of me at work. ESPN's GameDay was here recently for the UT vs. Florida game and Roger, David (Roger's Roommate), and I had our pictures taken in front of the bus. There are a few other pictures of me working the LSU game and there are a few photos of David and I standing in for the baseball coaches at their new locker room. Check 'em out.
Sorry it's taken so long to post. Things have been really busy lately. Not much has been going on with us, but work has been pretty crazy. This weekend Nana came to visit with us, and she ended up having to stay an extra day because of the snow. We got a real nice snow here, but I'll be glad when it's all gone. We're supposed to get another round of it tonight. Gideon likes the snow. Yesterday Vanessa, Gideon, and Nana played in the snow and made a snowman. I put up a few pictures of Gideon and the snowman. Vanessa took the photos, I had to work on a snow day. He had a pretty good birthday too, but we probably won't do a huge party. It will probably be just us and Nan 'T' and Papa Walker who are visiting on Saturday. Well that's all I have for now. Hope everyone has a great day.
Welcome to Drexel Med Off-Campus Housing, an off-campus housing website for Drexel University College of Medicine students in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. All of the prices listed on this site are per student per month. Yesterday 16 students used this website. If you have any questions about this site, please contact Joey Rich by emailing joeyfrich@gmail.com
This website provides students with information about DUCM off-campus housing. It allows students to post reviews about their experiences living in rentals near Drexel Med, with the goal of fostering good relationships between landlords and students. This website tries to provide students with all of the information that they need in order to make informed decisions about finding homes for rent near Drexel Med and living off-campus. Students can post reviews, search for roommates and find housing through this website for free. And anyone can post a housing advertisement for a small fee. Please see our Terms & Conditions for pricing & contact information.
If you are a Drexel University College of Medicine student looking for apartments by Drexel Med, please browse through our list of available Drexel Med rentals at the bottom of this page. Or open up our Map View to see these homes overlayed on a map of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Off-campus housing information is provided by property managers around Philadelphia.
Do you want to advertise your homes to DUCM students? If so, this is an opportunity that you won't want to miss. To list homes or apartments on this website, please add your property to our housing database. We would love to add your home, apartment or sublease to our inventory of apartments near Drexel Med. This website is intended for rental availabilities rather than properties that are for sale.
Which school year are you searching for? -- Please select a school year -- 2018-2019 school year2019-2020 school year2020-2021 school year
From Sharon, this house has 3 floors, 5 bedrooms, and 2 bathrooms. It holds up to 5 people. (1 photo)
Come and get a great workout in Cardio Kickboxing! This class will use circuit training, pad and bag combination striking, and others exercises to help students of all ability levels meet their personal fitness goals.
We do have gloves available though it is recommended that students purchase 12 oz. bag gloves for this class. Cardio Kickboxing is meant for students of any fitness and skill level.
Inner Life is Greg Carmichael, Patrick Adams and Jocelyn Brown - a power house disco burst from the New York disco sound. Their big classic “I’m Caught Up (In A One Night Love Affair)” is a track that lives on and on - and will remain one of disco music’s most powerful songs.
Jocelyn Brown belts out this track as if it were a torch song from the heart - it is one her finest performances. The production by Greg Carmichael rings into place thanks to Patrick Adams’ genius - with a blend of Afro-Cuban percussion meets a light band-like approach to dance music. This classic sound is now history.
I have taken the song along with the 1986 comedy-drama “About Last Night” starring Demi Moore and Rob Lowe and placed some of the promises, disappointments and victory over love in this Disco Video Mix - it is a blend of the 70’s and 80’s as they meet to make ends meet!
Posted by bbeanskitchen on Mar 9, 2017 in cooking classes, cooking with kids, holiday, nutrition, seasonal, seasonal celebrations | 0 comments
Happy St. Patrick’s Day! St. Patrick’s Day is the celebration of Ireland’s patron saint, Saint Patrick! He is said to have brought Christianity to the people of Ireland and so the Irish celebrate his life by feasting, usually on cabbage, ham, and potatoes. Today our little chefs will make a traditional Irish meal of cabbage stew and potato salad. Between the cabbage loaded with Vitamin B and our special antioxidant-rich purple potatoes, we can be sure we’re getting a meal that is not only delicious, but nutritious as well. Enjoy!
Posted by bbeanskitchen on Feb 6, 2017 in cooking with kids, healthy food, nutrition, Recipes, valentines day | 0 comments
Surprise your loved ones this valentine’s day with these delightful brownies that use red beets as a natural food coloring and sweetener, and an added protein punch with black beans!
2) Cut beet into quarters and bring to a boil. Drain, allow to cool, peel, and chop into small pieces.
3) In food processor, blend oats, cocoa, salt, and baking powder until oats are blended into fine powder.
4) Add the rice milk, oil, maple syrup, and vanilla. Mix until well combined. Then add the beets and beans to form a thick batter. Add additional milk if needed to reach brownie consistency.
Posted by bbeanskitchen on Jan 26, 2017 in after school, cooking classes, cooking with kids, families, healthy food, nutrition | 0 comments
This week in our fun-filled cooking classes we created apple turnovers with coconut oil, served alongside an aromatic spiced apple pear butter!
Our chefs in training practiced their slicing and dicing skills, while learning about the health benefits of coconut oil which helps boost our immune system, enhances our memory, and provides us with healthy fats that help improve our cholesterol levels.
3) Make the dough: Mix dry ingredients. Cut solid coconut oil in small increments using pastry blender or fork. Add water by the tablespoon until dough just comes together. Set aside. Place the dough in fridge to chill.
Posted by bbeanskitchen on May 10, 2016 in healthy food, local food, nutrition, Recipes, seasonal | 0 comments
Fiddlehead ferns may not be on your top list of things to eat this spring since they look somewhat prehistoric, but we suggest that you give them a try!
For those of you who are new to these funny looking vegetables, they are the edible fronds of young ostrich ferns, which grow wild in the Northeast.
These spring delicacies are high in iron, helping to build red blood cells that carry oxygen throughout the body.
A delicious way to eat these fabulous fronds are to roast them. They come out tasting crispy, umami and quite addicting!
1. Prep: Preheat your oven to 450F. Clean fiddleheads well. Place in a colander, and rinse under cold water thoroughly. In a large bowl, toss together the ingredients.
2. Cook: Place them on a sheet tray in a single layer and cook for 10-15 minutes, until crispy and tender.
Posted by bbeanskitchen on Apr 5, 2016 in healthy food, lunch time, nutrition, raising children, school food | 0 comments
I am a Registered Dietitian with an MS in Nutrition. Prior to joining Butter Beans I was employed by the public school system. My job was to teach “Healthy Living” to after-school students grades K – 5.
Initially I was impressed with the NYC school food program. Whenever bread was served it was whole wheat. Fresh fruit was always offered. Milk was low-fat or skim. Meals were served on biodegradable plates. But as I looked closer I realized that although all the meals included a protein, starch and vegetable the choices were not always representative of these food groups. There was a heavy focus on carbohydrates, i.e., potato or corn as vegetable often paired with an entree of pizza or a burger. A typical example: Cheeseburger deluxe or fish and cheese sandwich. Deluxe toppings. Sweet potato wedges (frozen). Accompanied by milk (mandatory) and a fruit (fresh or frozen). The lack of fiber, micronutrients and vitamins is obvious. Some schools provide a salad bar. The school where I was placed did not. The food waste was off the hook.
On that exact same day the Butterbeans menu was BBQ pulled chicken sandwiches or herbed tofu (so delicious!), steamed kale, herbed roasted potatoes, and carrot ginger soup. All made from fresh ingredients.
Plus the salad bar which is always available and includes at least two fresh fruits, a spread, a specialty salad, two crudités, two meats, cheeses, eggs, lettuce and greens, yogurt, granola, pickles or olives, sunflower butter and jelly sandwiches, and pita. Milk is offered but the kids can choose.
Even if a child doesn’t want any of the hot food options s/he could still create a great lunch from salad bar alone. Most make choices from both. But equally important, in my opinion, is the minimization of food waste. Kids are not forced to take a milk and a fruit. They are offered the choice. They are encouraged to “take a taste” of something they may not be sure about.
Studies have shown that even if kids are on a “food jag” or “picky eaters” that they will intuitively balance their nutritional needs over a week or so. They just know what their body wants.
Butter Beans offers choices to any child who may be hesitant to try a new or unfamiliar food. We don’t require a child to take a food, instead we help them choose, educating them in the process.
Posted by bbeanskitchen on Mar 24, 2016 in cooking with kids, healthy food, healthy lifestyle, local food, nutrition, seasonal, sustainability | 0 comments
Ever wondered what a wildlife biologist eats to stay healthy, happy, and strong after a day of adventuring outdoors?
Well, wonder no more! Here at Butter Beans we love learning about (and sharing!) the different foods & recipes that fuel our communities. We linked up with Audubon Society’s Long Island Bird Conservation Manager Amanda Pachomski to discover her favorite healthy recipe to cook at home.