Chemical peels remove damaged outer layers of skin to make skin smoother, reduce scarring and remove blemishes. Ranging from mild to strong, there are three types of chemical peels: alphahydroxy acid (AHA), trichloroacetic acid (TCA) and phenol. The strength of each peel is tailored to the patient. Peels can be combined with other procedures, such as facelifts, for additional improvement to skin. Chemical peels may be covered by insurance if they are performed for medical rather than cosmetic reasons.
Chemical peels are performed in a plastic surgeon’s or dermatologist’s office, or an outpatient surgical center. Anesthesia is not required because TCA and phenol have anesthetic properties, and AHA produces only a slight stinging.
During a TCA or phenol peel, the skin is cleansed and the solution is applied, which may cause a brief stinging sensation. Petroleum jelly or a waterproof adhesive tape may be put on the skin following a phenol peel. During an AHA peel, the skin is cleansed and the solution applied; there is no need for post-peel ointment or covering.
A phenol or TCA peel can result in tingling or throbbing, reddened skin, a crust or scab, and significant swelling that lasts, depending on the strength of the peel used, about a week. With a phenol peel, eyes may be swollen shut at first, and the patient may be put on a liquid diet and advised to keep talking to a minimum. Any tape used is removed after a day or two. AHA peels can cause temporary stinging, redness and irritation, as well as flaking or crusting. After a chemical peel, it is essential that the skin be protected from the sun.
Communications through our website or via email are not encrypted and are not necessarily secure. Use of the internet or email is for your convenience only, and by using them, you assume the risk of unauthorized use. By checking this box you hereby agree to hold Bhatt Plastic Surgery, its doctors and affiliates, harmless from any hacking or any other unauthorized use of your personal information by outside parties.
hello users welcome to gamer-avenue.net this site is up agian . don't be shy and start contribute agian . for any help msg Mroreniko or any other admin . thanks and have a great time !
PhD Defense: Behavioral Response to Income Taxation: A Study of the Hungarian Tax System - Dora Benedek | Department of Economics and Business
BRC FENCE &ndash; BOTH HAS SECURITY PROTECTION AND DECORATION FUNCTION BRCF-01:&nbsp;There is a special triangular structure on brc fence. BRC fence, also can be call roll top fence. I…
TEMP WELDED FENCING IS MOBILE, REUSABLE, TENANTABLE &amp; EASY TO ASSEMBLE CAF-01:&nbsp;Canada temporary fence Canada style temporary welded fence, also know as mobile fence, portable …
wedge wire filter candles are filter elements with the following qualities:Small diameter usually less than 1.97 in. (50 mm)Substantial length usually greater than 39.37 in. (1,000 mm)Very fine openin…
We are Very happy to deliver high quality and healthy Medicinal Marijuana all over the World. The benefits of our products and service is something that we take great pride in so we encourage our pat…
Rack jack price list with details Mechanical machinery jacks are designed for the repairing of vehicles, lifting trucks, railway maintenance, construction, mining and agricultural applications. Me…
Music exposure increases Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) in the hypothalamus. This factor protects neurons from the damaging effects of stress and it decreases the overactive stress system in stress related disorders such as major depression. The antidepressive effect of music could be mediated by an increase in hypotahlamic levels of BDNF.
Music is also associated with decreased Nerve Growth Factor (NGF) in the hypothalamus. NGF is increased in stressful conditions such as depression and it activates the stress system. A reduction of NGF may contribute to a decrease of the stress system and enhance the anti-stress effect of music.
These effects were shown in a study with 20 mice. They exposed 10 mice to new age type music. Daily 6 hours during wake for 21 consecutive days. 10 other mice were treated the same way as the experimental mice besides the exposure to music. After this period the researchers studied the hypothalamus of all mice. They found an increased level of BDNF in the mice exposed to music and a decreased NGF level in this same brain region.
The effect of other types of auditory stimuli (other music such as funk, hip hop or noise) was not investigated. Different types of music or noise might produce different effects.
Exposure to stress and the stress hormone corticosterone has been shown to decrease the expression of BDNF in rats, and leads to an eventual atrophy of the hippocampus if exposure is persistent. Similar atrophy has been shown to take place in humans suffering from chronic depression.
Music used: The Romantic Sea of Tranquility, by Enya; The Heart of Reiki, by Merlin's Magic; Zen Garden, by Kokin Gumy; Feng Sui, by various artists.
Personally I am a omnivore with music, even HipHop without to much m%^&Rf&*%^$kers. According to my son I am a british hip hop fan.
I read the interview in Medisch Contact! Compliments for you! There is also a blog about 'dr Shock' on medblog.
I like the term "omnivore" for musical tastes. I'm like that too. Music can both bring me up or bring me down, both depending on my mood state and/or the kind of music I'm listening to.
If I'm really down sometimes really loud grunge rock picks me up, but only if it's the rocking kind, if its the desperately sad songs, of course they add to my load.
I love piano music almost always and get lost listening to piano recitals. I almost always listen to classical music if I am painting or drawing. I find modern music and music with words too distracting when I'm trying to be creative.
Dr Shock is a pseudonym for a psychiatrist working in a University Hospital. His main topics of interest are the treatment of depression and electro convulsive therapy. Other subjects for this personal blog are research, article reviews, book reviews and education. He loves computers and Internet.
But, in my opinion, there is no reason to think that Joseph wasn't Jesus' father assuming that any of these people actually existed. The "son of god" stuff is only the standard hero myth which has been applied to many others where a god has impregnated a mortal woman by some absurd means or other.
Compact Crushers For Sale, Wholesale Various High Quality Compact Crushers For Sale Products from Global Compact Crushers For Sale Suppliers and Compact Crushers For Sale Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
offers 175 ore compact crusher products. About 77% of these are crusher. A wide variety of ore compact crusher options are available to you, such as jaw crusher, impact crusher, and roller crusher.
offers 2,433 small portable stone crushers products. About 97% of these are crusher. A wide variety of small portable stone crushers options are available to you, such as jaw crusher, hammer crusher, and impact crusher.
Compact Crushers, Wholesale Various High Quality Compact Crushers Products from Global Compact Crushers Suppliers and Compact Crushers Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
A wide variety of used tractor buckets for sale options are available to you, Used Car Crushers For Sale Compact Tractor Backhoe.
offers 1,624 small metal shredder products. About 52% of these are plastic crushing machines, 26% are crusher, and 2% are waste management. A wide variety of small metal shredder options are available to you, such as waste plastic crusher, bottle crusher, and plastic pipe crusher.
offers 6,762 small plastic crusher products. About 73% of these are plastic crushing machines, 4% are crusher, and 1% are recycled plastic. A wide variety of small plastic crusher options are available to you, such as waste plastic crusher, plastic pipe crusher, and bottle crusher.
Small Crushers, Wholesale Various High Quality Small Crushers Products from Global Small Crushers Suppliers and Small Crushers Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
Find 2015 Cheap Used Construction Cones For Sale on Alibaba, You Can Buy Various High Quality Dress Products from Global Dress Suppliers and Dress Manufacturers at
Small Tire Shredder, As well as from waste plastic crusher, plastic pipe crusher. And whether small tire shredder is pp/pe, pet, or abs.
Disc Crusher, Wholesale Various High Quality Disc Crusher Products from Global Disc Crusher Suppliers and Disc Crusher Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
A wide variety of used rock buckets options are available to you, such as new, used. MENU . MENU . . Tags: 1.15m3 Rock Crusher Bucket
Small glass bottle crusher machine,US $ 1,000 Our glass bottle crusher is widely used in bars, Glass bottle crusher detail features #183;Compact structure,
A wide variety of bauxite crushing options are available to you, such as lump, powder, and block. Tags: Compact Cone Crusher Cone Crusher Bauxite
Crusher For Tractor, Wholesale Various High Quality Crusher For Tractor Products from Global Crusher For Tractor Suppliers and Crusher For Tractor Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
offers 1,530 small wood grinder products. About 30% of these are wood crusher, 9% are feed processing machines, and 1% are other lighters smoking accessories.
Wood hammer mill is beautifully designed,compact structured and has The wood crusher chipper is used for processing wood logs or tree branches into 20mm 40mm
The double rollers crusher is widely used for secondary and fine 3.ISO CE Approved Low Price 10 TPH Small Roller crusher for sale Features . 1. Compact
About product and suppliers: offers 2,876 used small diesel engines products. About 10% of these are crusher, 9% are machinery engines, and 3% are concrete mixers.
Plastic Drum Cutting Machine, GC series of compact crushers. Industrial shredder machine widly used in wast metal cutting machine Scrap iron drum crushing .
Born Oct. 1, 1915, in New York. American psychologist. Professor of psychology since 1952. Director of the Center for Cognitive Studies at Harvard University since 1961.
Bruner was one of the first to begin studying the role of need and value as organizing factors in perception. He has also investigated the structure of social perception—the correlation between feeling and perception in personal relations within a group. Bruner set forth and provided the experimental groundwork for the thesis that during the formation of concepts the individual utilizes a definite strategy, either whole or partial, depending upon whether every characteristic of a given object is taken as a point of departure or only one of them. In a number of Bruner’s works, the achievements of psychology have been used to provide the groundwork for scientific ideas concerning the learning process, which is regarded as a factor leading to intellectual development.
“Value and Need as Organizing Factors in Perception.” Journal of Abnormal Social Psychology, 1947, vol. 42, no. 1. (With C. Goodman.)
T-Stones jewellery is all hand made. We use our own unique techniques to make original jewellery with power stones and Fimo clay.
corrupt-judges News — Latest On corrupt judges — — The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News
The rules comprise 163 non-comment code lines of XTRAN meta-code (rules language). They read a text file of statement verbs and corresponding filter names, so the filtering process can be customized by editing that text file.
The rules are language-independent, so they can be used to filter and display any language XTRAN can analyze.
After reading the filter descriptions, the rules repeatedly prompt the user for a filter name and add the results of that filter to the output HTML file.
The input to and output from XTRAN are untouched, except that line numbers have been added to the Natural code for reference.
FAMIL­IES WHO EAT TOGE­THER STAY­ TOGE­THER Архив Астро Белка Биска Борщ Викто­рия Его Вели­честв­о Гин из дома­ Эльф­ениен­ов имен­уемый­ перв­ым Неоп­алимы­м Коро­лем Мафи­и Карты Коалу­шка Лучши­й свч нег на райо­не Меха Тирол Хома Цван
Paxton Miller Bathroom, 2017-09-27 16:52:45. When you have little space to design in, a powder room’s pipe work may have to be on show. Boxing it in, to hide it, can take up valuable floor space. In such situations make a virtue of the necessity and accentuate what you would normally prefer to hide, like down pipes and waste pipes. Select brushed stainless steel faucet fixings and a towel rail that matches your basin’s waste pipe. Why not extend the idea and use metalwork for your basin, too? Chrome works well as an alternative to stainless steel. If your powder room is located under a stairwell it can be even more pushed for space than elsewhere. Don’t be put off a clear design ethos just because the ceiling may slope or because the room has an awkward corner to negotiate. Site the toilet at the place where headroom is most restricted. Keep the color scheme light in tone and hang a large mirror to give the feeling of more space. Another good tip it to install a hand wash basin that sits in a corner, so guests don’t have to squeeze past it.
Paxton Miller Bedroom, 2017-07-08 15:34:48. Another modern headboard idea involves the use of decals. Wall decals are available from a variety of vendors, both online and retail. From whimsical and organic to geometric and contemporary, a myriad of styles suits every design sensibility. The decal below comes from Etsy shop ShaNickers Wall Decals. Purchase a decal designed specifically for headboards, or let inspiration take hold and create your own design by combining your favorite decal selections.
Jakob Vang Bedroom, 2017-07-18 14:39:37. Want to relax in style, luxury and lavishness, keep in mind that the Baldacchino Supreme will cost 4 million British pounds. Only two lucky fellas will get to own one. The bedroom is the place for dreams and relaxation. Our body and our mind need the best beds because we spend one-third of our lives sleeping. Double beds are usually more comfortable than single beds whether you sleep alone or not. Matrimonial beds have a tendency of being more elegant and classy while single beds are a constant reminder of a children’s bedroom.
Gussie Mills Bedroom, 2017-07-09 15:09:00. Space comes into play with the modern, minimalist look. In order to capture the airy feel of a penthouse apartment, you need to cut the clutter right back. A good way of doing so is to invest in a chic leather bed with drawers. These provide the luxurious modern look with room to hide away all your various bits and pieces. And if you want a large flat-screen TV in your room, look at bed options which will house the TV in the foot of the bed – it’s a great way to achieve the minimalist look.
Erik Skovgaard Bedroom, 2017-07-16 15:01:51. The freedom of sleeping is given not only by the space available, but also by our choice of mattresses. Choosing to look into the latest mattress technology might not be a bad idea. Finally, the design speaks about you personality, aspirations and wishes, so it is best to match the interior design of the bedroom with the colours you feel relaxed among and with quality furniture that will not only look good, but also invigorate the interior. Collaborations between designers and furniture companies insure the infusion of a contemporary style and modern technology. We wish to showcase today a list of twenty modern bed designs that will help you decide what the best option for you is.
Diana Borg Bedroom, 2017-07-12 15:02:41. You can always take on the traditional way with the sliding doors that are crafted out of aluminum and the traditional wardrobe doors are placed inside a sliding system to offer you with a cool way to revamp without having to spend a whole lot. While the traditional ones might cut down on cost, the ones that seem to be the most popular are the minimalist-styled sliding doors that are clad in glass.
Erik Skovgaard Bedroom, 2017-07-20 14:23:25. This last upholstered headboard project has a twist–the fabric and batting are placed inside of two shutter frames! Using metallic paint on the wood and striking fabric for the middle gives the headboard a contemporary feel. User-friendly supplies like a staple gun and hot glue keep the process simple.
Paxton Miller Bedroom, 2017-07-17 14:44:52. If you can, consider using a wardrobe unit with large sliding doors to continue the contemporary theme. Mirrored doors are a good idea if you’re restricted in terms of space – they’ll make the room seem much bigger. And resist the urge to add too many accessories to the room. If you take your time and pick out one or two statement pieces, this will have more impact than cluttering up your space with a number of items.
The Events Services Manager works alongside the Events Services team to provide professional client services support in the planning, organization and management of events within the facility and monitoring the logistics of these events and all event coordination tasks after events are booked through to the conclusion.
• Assist the department head in Directing, supervising and scheduling all aspects of facility operations related to events
• Coordinates the event operations activities with other building departments and show-related contractors.
• Guides clients in preparation of events by interpreting and explaining contract provisions, policies and procedures.
The above is not an exclusive or exhaustive list of all job functions that an employee in this position may be asked to perform and will also be required to work nights, weekends and public holidays.
• Working knowledge of the principles of facility management, services, equipment and intermediate use of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint
• Ability to work irregular hours, shifts that include nights, graveyard shift, weekends and holidays
free sample / deep winter decking discounts / how to buy linoleum flooring / most durable fence material / outdoor blinds for patios / plastic architectural panels / wood pallet garden walls / black garden deck experts / affordable floor covering / wpc wall fencing cost / price for 6 x 8 wood / diy vinyl fencing for pets / composite 2 x4 resist rot / luan plywood with vinyl / cheapest plastic fence panels / roofing materials prices
Mystery not only exists in your favorite films or series. Mystery can also lurk in a bottle of vape juices. Excited? Let us check out Mystery e-juice by Air Factory and see what this mysterious blend has to offer.
Air Factory Mystery is a tasty candy with a delicious mixture of berries and an assortment of sweet fruit flavors to keep you guessing.
So I called out my friends so we can vape this e-liquid together. I wanted to know what they think about it. So here goes our two-cents.
You know what is interesting? The flavor of this e-juice seems to vary from one person to another. As mind-blowing as it can be, one vaper can get a different flavor profile from others.
Personally, I got the flavor of mixed berries and fruits. It has a fruity, taffy candy taste. On the inhale, there is sugary splendor. Then as the sweet taste lingers in your mouth, you can’t help but be amazed as different flavors take turn hitting your taste buds with varied notes. On the exhale, the berry flavors combined with a cocktail of refreshing fruits is what you get. Sugary notes are also noticeable. And they intensify the entire flavor, so you do not want to stop.
I cannot pinpoint the exact components but I can definitely taste cherries, berries, and lemonade in there. My friend said it reminded her of the white airhead candy, and we totally agreed to it.
Without a doubt, Mystery by Air Factory E-Liquid offers a burst of complex tastes that will satisfy all vapers who have a sweet tooth. Just like music, each note hit every spot on our tongues. If this vape juice is not a piece of art, then I do not know what this is. Kudos to the mixologists at Air Factory for creating this unique blend.
When it comes to producing huge clouds of vapor, this vape juice is no slugger. It produces immense clouds of vapor that do not disperse right away. You can easily create your own cloud haven with this. The aroma will leave you wondering what flavors are in the air. Mystery vape liquid is a blend of 70% vegetable glycerin and 30% propylene glycol.
There are three nicotine concentration levels for this blend. It is available with 0 mg, 3 mg or 6 mg of nicotine.
The 0 mg level, as expected, is pure e-juice. It is just vaping with flavor — a good flavor. Meanwhile, both the 3 mg and 6 mg versions have a nice nicotine twist. The intensity is somewhere between mild and medium. Both levels can still provide full, spot-on taste of random flavors that I cannot put my finger on. The only difference is that the 6 mg level has a stronger nicotine kick than the 3 mg level.
They are both not harsh on the throat. We did not experience any nose tingling or throat burning sensation. All three levels run nice and smooth. It tends to make your throat feel dry.
Air Factory e-liquids have a simple and eye-grabbing packaging design that triggers your curiosity and excitement.
A 100-mL bottle of this puzzling yet addicting e-liquid only costs $15.99 at Ultimate Vape Deals. That is a good deal for a hefty bottle of a high-quality e-liquid.
Just like us, you can share the bottle with your friends too. Get everyone in the circle wondering what this flavor is all about.
E Liquid Labs offers excellent quality, cheap e liquid and DIY E Liquid suggestions and reviews. So you can expect a good service and an enjoyable vape.
Bantam Vape is located in North Carolina. This company has a range of e-juice blends with either watermelon, strawberry or tobacco as a base...
Do you like your beer to have a hint of hop or do you prefer something darker, perhaps with notes of tobacco and chocolate? Customer feedback is hugely valuable to small businesses, though not always easy to gather or interpret. Fortunately London-based startup IntelligentX claims to have used artificial intelligence (AI) technology to tweak the recipe for four beers based on its customers’ preferences.
First, codes printed on the bottles point consumers toward a Facebook Messenger bot, which proceeds to gather their feedback. Next, an algorithm computes the answers and learns to alter the questions that it asks to get better results. The brewers then gradually tailor each beer in response to the aggregated feedback. During the initial year-long trial, the brewer has already tweaked its four main lines – Golden, Amber, Pale and Black – 11 times since they were first brewed.
In the company’s eyes, the main benefit is getting unparalleled access to the consumer. Hew Leith, co-founder of IntelligentX, said of the technology: “The AI is about putting all the customers in the same room as the brewer.”
It’s not surprising that companies like IntelligentX are looking to create a point of difference. Thanks to the craft beer revolution, a new brewery is opening in Britain every other day. According to community pubs minister Marcus Jones: “Britain has returned to its rightful role as a global brewing powerhouse.”
And the company is not alone in embracing AI. London has attracted some of the industry’s brightest tech minds, who are collaborating with academia to drive innovation in the field of robotics, data and AI. Success stories include SwiftKey – which started life at University College London – and DeepMind, a company that famously created the first AI programme to beat a human at the board game Go.
Commenting on the potential benefits of AI for businesses in Tech City News, Abdul Razack, head of big data & analytics at Infosys, the information technology consulting corporation, said: “AI platforms will help us automate systems and business processes. Be that capturing information, orchestrating requests or even being the front-line interface for an organisation or entire business sector the rise of automation and AI systems and services that will power the next great business push.”
Only time will tell if the AI trend will take off or fizzle out, but it’s certainly making beer production more democratic and customer-centric. Cheers to that.
As our web editor, Maria is on the lookout for stories and news about Britain’s most exciting startups and small businesses. Part Singaporean and part Scottish, Maria has a background in content marketing and editing.
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Twitter
Merje Shaw is the managing director of Path59, a Shoreditch-based consultancy which helps large corporations think like startups and improve their digital presence and customer engagement.
The Austin Proper Residences are a limited collection of 98 residences and penthouses atop the Austin Proper Hotel in the heart of the vibrant 2nd Street District. 32-story, LEED Gold registered modern high-rise by award-winning Handel Architects. Interiors by design visionary Kelly Wearstler and dining destinations from McGuire Moorman Hospitality. With the impeccable service and unrivaled amenities of a grand hotel, Austin Proper Residences is at the crux of nature and culture, relaxation and revelry.
We respect your online privacy and will never spam you. By submitting this form with your telephone number you are consenting for Diane Dopson to contact you even if your name is on a Federal or State "Do not call List".
Based on information from the Austin Board of REALTORS ® (alternatively, from ACTRIS) for the period through 11/11/18 10:58 AM PST. Neither the Board nor ACTRIS guarantees or is in any way responsible for its accuracy. All data is provided “AS IS” and with all faults. Data maintained by the Board or ACTRIS may not reflect all real estate activity in the market.
Information being provided is for consumers’ personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing.
Who’s Who In Luxury Real Estate is an international network of real estate professionals in more than 80 countries, representing the finest residential luxury estates and property brokerages in the world. We are proud to be affiliated with this prestigious network.
Copyright Diane Dopson Properties. All rights reserved. Diane Dopson Properties was established in August 2001 as a "dba" of Meridian Exchange Corporation as Broker with Phillip G. Dopson the designated Officer.
When booking for July 25th and/or 26th, mention "the EdCog Symposium" to get the conference rate of $119 + Tax per night (1 person).
Dr. Matthew Nicholls, University of Reading, sat down with James Lloyd, AHE’s Video Editor, to discuss his Virtual Rome project.
I first met Dr. Nicholls attending one of his ‘Digital Silchester’ classes. This module teaches students how to understand the history and archaeology of the Roman town of Silchester through digital reconstruction. Matthew’s digital reconstructions have been featured on BBC and Discovery documentaries and he has co-taught the British School at Rome’s undergraduate summer school.
The Virtual Rome project recreates the city of Rome c. 317 CE, including vast public buildings such as the Colosseum, and shady backstreets full of tavernas. The techniques required to make such an architecturally diverse model vary, as does the amount of information available to inform the creative process.
In a world of advancing technology Dr. Nicholls looks at how models such as his can be utilised inside (and outside) the classroom in order to bring Rome to life, and how the creative process of building a 3D reconstruction can prompt us to ask important questions about the historical sources that inform our understanding of the eternal city.
Dr. Matthew Nicholls also explains how he first became interested in 3D modelling, and how you can start making your own 3D models of the ancient world using free software such as Sketchup, as well as discussing some of the ways his 3D model is being used elsewhere, such as the MMORPG ‘Life of Rome’.
For more information about the Virtual Rome project and Dr. Nicholls’ research more general please follow the below links:
Still images and videos of Dr. Nicholls’ model were kindly provided for the use of this interview, they remain his copyright, and are not to be reproduced.
James' main area of research is ancient Greek music and Sparta. More generally, classical art & archaeology. A self-confessed philhellene, James keeps at least one eye on the Roman pie.
Timeless Travels magazine is a cutting-edge publication combining narratives of personal travel with in-depth history. It provides a reader...
The Arch of Constantine, dedicated on 25 July 315 CE, stands in Rome between the Colosseum and the Palatine...
In an effort to share more of our favourite ancient objects from around the world, Ancient History Encyclopedia staff...
Once a thriving port city on the island of Cyprus, the legendary birthplace of Aphrodite, Salamis offers a tantalizing glimpse into the vast history of the island. The ruins of the ancient city occupy an extensive area (one square mile) extending along the sea shore against the backdrop of sand dunes and a forest of acacias.
According to ancient Greek tradition, Salamis was founded after the Trojan War by the archer Teukros, son of King Telamon, who came from the island of Salamis. Half-brother to the hero Ajax, Teukros was unable to return home from the war after failing to prevent his half-brother’ suicide, leading him to flee to Cyprus where he founded Salamis. After its legendary beginnings, Salamis later became one of the most important cities on the island and the seat of a powerful kingdom. Archaeologists believe that Salamis was first established by newcomers from the nearby site of Enkomi following the earthquake of 1075 BC. The city was subsequently controlled by the Persians until the arrival of Alexander the Great into Asia Minor. Following the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC Salamis came under the control of the Ptolemaic dynasty until its incorporation into the Roman Empire in 58 BC. The importance of the city is reflected in archaeological findings dating back to the Late Geometric periods (8th century BC) to Byzantine times (6th century AD).
Salamis was affected by destructive earthquakes. The earthquake of 76-77 AD was among the most destructive, with a magnitude between 9 and 10. Salamis took the brunt of this earthquake, and fell into ruin. The Jewish insurrection of Artemion in 116 AD further devastated the city. Salamis was rebuilt by the emperors Trajan and Hadrian who embellished it with lavish public buildings.
The site has been excavated intermittently from the 1880’s until 1974 and large areas have been opened up. The most impressive monuments of the city date to the Roman period, such as the Theatre (see images here), the Temple of Zeus (Teukros established the cult of Zeus Salaminios at Salamis), the Baths. But the ancient town’s most striking feature is the gymnasium where the young citizens would exercise their bodies and minds. Its remains, with colonnaded courtyard and adjacent pools, allude to Salamis’ glory days.
The Gymnasium with its columned palaestra, built over the ruins of an ealier Hellenistic gymnasium in the 2nd century AD during Trajan and Hadrian’s reign after Salamis had been greatly damaged in 116 AD during Jewish revolt, Salamis. Photo © Carole Raddato.
The vast exercise ground was discovered in 1882 and finally excavated in 1952 when the marble columns were re-erected. The Gymnasium was originally laid down during the Hellenistic period, as testified by epigraphic and archaeological evidence, but it was destroyed by an earthquake and rebuilt during the reign of Augustus. The Gymnasium was destroyed once again under the reign of Vespasian following the earthquake of 76 AD. It was restored by Trajan and Hadrian after the Jewish insurrection of 116 AD with a roofed colonnade along all four sides and bathing facilities. An inscription embedded in the pavement dating from the Early Christian period refers to the construction by Trajan of the roof of a swimming pool of the Gymnasium. Hadrian also contributed to the embellishment of the building, and several honorific decrees have been found which mention him as a “benefactor and saviour of the city”.
In the 4th century AD two more earthquakes struck the area. The building was partly restored by the Byzantine emperor Constantius II who remained the city Constantia. The marble columns crowned by Corinthian capitals of various types were taken from the stage building of the nearby theatre as well as other buildings. They replaced the stone pillars of the Roman gymnasium. This explains the mismatching of some of the columns and bases and why they differ in size. The visible remains date from these two late restorations.
During the Hellenistic period, the palaestra had a small circular pool in its centre while during the reign of Augustus a statue of the Emperor stood there.
The centre of the Gymnasium’s palaestra where a statue of Augustus was erected, Salamis. Photo © Carole Raddato.
Two marble pools occupied the two ends of the eastern colonnade of the Gymnasium. The pools originally had a small roofed portico and were surrounded by nude statues of the gymnasiarchs but these were later smashed by Christians. They have now been replaced by a collection of headless statues found at the site. They were probably defaced by Christians zealots who considered them as symbols of pagan idolatry.
Marble pool at NE corner of the Gymnasium’s portico surrounded by headless statues dating back to the 2nd century AD (Trajanic/Hadrianic), Salamis. Photo © Carole Raddato.
Statue of a female figure in grey marble, its face, hands and feet were white marble insets and are now missing, this type is usually identified with Persephone, Salamis. Photo © Carole Raddato.
Marble pool at SE corner of the Gymnasium’s portico dating back to the 2nd century AD (Trajanic/Hadrianic), Salamis. Photo © Carole Raddato.
At the south-west corner of the palaestra lie the gymnasium’s latrines, a semicircular colonnaded structure in which there was seating was 44 people. They are the largest ever found in Cyprus.
During excavations, several marble statues were discovered which adorned the spacious stoas of the Gymnasium. Many that had survived numerous raids have disappeared since 1974. Fortunately, some made it to Nicosias’ Cyprus Museum and are now prized exhibits.
Sculptures from the Gymnasium of Salamis, 2nd century AD, Cyprus Museum, Nicosia. Photo © Carole Raddato.
Statue of Hygeia, from the Gymnasium of Salamis, 2nd century AD, Cyprus Museum. Photo © Carole Raddato.
Statue of Asklepios, from the Gymnasium of Salamis, 2nd century AD, Cyprus Museum. Photo © Carole Raddato.
Statue of Aphrodite, from the Gymnasium of Salamis, 2nd century AD, Cyprus Museum, Nicosia, Cyprus. Photo © Carole Raddato.
Statue of Nemesis with a griffin at her feet, from the Gymnasium of Salamis, 2nd century AD, Cyprus Museum, Nicosia, Cyprus. Photo © Carole Raddato.
The statues date from the Hadrianic period and are all of remarkably good quality. Sadly, few statues were found with their heads on and among these are two over life-size statue of Hera and of Apollo Citharoedus (the lyre-player).
Over life-size statue of Apollo Citharoedus (the lyre-player), from the Gymnasium of Salamis, 2nd century AD, Cyprus Museum. Photo © Carole Raddato.
Over life-size statue of Hera, from the Gymnasium of Salamis, 2nd century AD, Cyprus Museum. Photo © Carole Raddato.
Some of the statues, such as those of Asklepios and Nemesis, were re-used, while others that were reminiscent of the ancient pagan worship, such as Isis, Zeus, Apollo and Aphrodite were used as building material or were thrown into pits and water tanks of the Baths of the Gymnasium.
Marble statue of Meleager, from the Gymnasium of Salamis, 2nd century AD, Cyprus Museum. Photo © Carole Raddato.
Upper part of a statue of Hercules, from the Gymnasium of Salamis, 2nd century AD, Cyprus Museum. Photo © Carole Raddato.
Salamis was destroyed by repeated earthquakes in the middle of the 4th century AD, but was quickly rebuilt as a Christian city by the Byzantine emperor Constantius II who renamed the city Constantia. Salamis was finally abandoned during the Arab invasions of the 7th century after its destruction by Muawiyah I. The inhabitants moved to Arsinoë (modern-day Famagusta).
For anyone interested in ancient history, Salamis is a treasure-trove of ancient Greek, Roman and Byzantine remains where visitors can explore crumbling basilicas, royal tombs and wander along classical colonnades.
Carole Raddato's favourite hobby is travelling and for the last 8 years she has taken a huge interest in the history of the ancient world. She has dedicated all her free time to this passion. She loves to share with other history fans all the incredible facts and stories that she discovers throughout her journeys. She is neither a professional photographer nor an ancient history scholar, but she hopes that everybody can enjoy her photos. She is particularly interested in everything related to the emperor Hadrian whom she finds fascinating. He was himself an incessant traveller, visiting every province in the Empire during his reign. When Carole is looking for new ideas for her travels, she usually takes inspiration from his journeys and it is a great motivation for her to follow him in his footsteps.
It is a domain having .co.za extension. It is estimated worth of R 103.46 and have a daily income of around R 1.73. Furthermore the website is generating income from Google Adsense. As no active threats were reported recently, winbursary.co.za is SAFE to browse.
free, 5freethings, lots, groceries, pricebreakers, deals, students, discounts, savings, free internet, 1000s, international, money, makemoney, residuals, winners, contests, competitions, support, computers, internet, bargains, technician, troubleshooting, email, phone, sales, hardware, software, windows, windows98, windowsme, windows2000, cdrom, prizes, webhosting, online, clients, secret, secure, freemlm, downline, financialfreedom, networkmarketing, bizzopps, homebiz, homebusiness, opportunity, entrepreneurs, teambuilding, dynamics, lottery, placement, matrix, level, plan, advertising, sponsor, refer, binary, race, spillover
Spartan Technology Rentals is an IT solutions company offering technology rental, computer leasing and business IT solutions to companies large and small.
Leading bathroom and plumbing supplier in South Africa – Offering quality bathroom fittings, bathroom accessories and décor as well as plumbing supplies.
Facebook is a social utility that connects people with friends and others who work, study and live around them. People use Facebook to keep up with...
A new welcome to Yahoo. The new Yahoo experience makes it easier to discover the news and information that you care about most. It's the web ordered for you.
Connect with your friends — and other fascinating people. Get in-the-moment updates on the things that interest you. And watch events unfold, in real time, from every angle.
Online shopping from the earth's biggest selection of books, magazines, music, DVDs, videos, electronics, computers, software, apparel & accessories, shoes, jewelry, tools &...
This is a Original fine art Etching by Jason Benjamin titled “The Clearing” and was released as a Limited edition of only 45 in 2004, it sold for $2750. It is hard to come by this work as it has been sold out for a while; Etching House has 2 only left from its archive private collection.
Five Star Limousine is Las Vegas' finest limousine service. With everything from standard limousines to our VIP Party Bus, we have a ride for every occasion and party size.
Our professional staff will help you create the perfect occasion. Whether it is a night on the town, a wedding or a corporate event, we will handle every detail and make it a memorable occasion.
adjustable bookcase shelf brackets wall mounted shelving contemporary installation blog attractive com intended for 0 cheap bookcases near me.
target bookcases threshold shelving accessories the home depot with glass doors for sale ikea,bookcases amazon uk childrens oak near me two shelf bookcase adjustable supports,target bookcases with doors wayfair bookcase shelf brackets adjustable images shelves wall for sale south africa,bookcases for sale near me sauder walmart industrial retro wall mount iron pipe shelf bracket with doors,amazon bookcases white sauder walmart architectural shelving systems with glass doors for sale,corner bookcases amazon with glass doors canada for sale target heavy duty bookshelf adjustable book shelves metal library bookcase,bookcases amazon black ikea heavy duty bookshelf adjustable book shelves metal library bookcase,bookcases with doors white wayfair for sale gumtree modest shelf standards and brackets charming standard 5,bookcases ikea walmart with glass doors shelving accessories the home depot for sale,bookcases for sale gumtree custom near me adjustable shelf supports with glass doors in india.
You need to have JavaScript enabled for Stripgenerator to work properly. Enable it in your browser's settings.
Description: Distopix is a new game using a simple concept. Dodge the boxes to survive. But be careful, there are additional challenges. -Music: Neolith by Kevin MacLeod Hope you like it.
Defend the base from attacking FurEyes in this real time strategy game. Cast spells, build and upgrade towers …
38 more basketball based levels, a new and improved scoring system, and more referees to take care of!
Greg Can Jump! is a 125 level fast-paced platformer, in honour of greg and the holiday he has claimed on the m…
Muay Thai is a really old art of fighting that originates from Thailand. It is sometimes referred to as the sc…
I just wanted to notify the moderators/admins and members that I will be offline for a while, there has been a death in my family and I will be going out of the country. I don't know when I'll be back because it was several people in my family who were killed.
EDIT: Since my flight has been canceled for some unknown reasons I guess I'll go into specifics. Some guy had apparently gotten into a tussle with my cousin. When he pulled out a M1911 sidearm he shot my cousin 4 times ran into the house shot my other little cousins and there mother and a friend that was over at the time. Its messed up because my cousin Stephen was really close to me and I haven't seen him in 3 years and since it's in the Caribbean the ambulance did not arrive in time and most of them bled to death.
My condolences Brad... I hope you'll feel better soon and I hope they'll all rest in peace and go to Paradise.
6 members of my family died laster year in 2 mouths and so far 6 this year to i have a big family a very big 1 thow so it seems like no 1s gone
tru but my couldent stop cry started to piss me of since i hav no emotions to death any more im going to stop posting here b4 i hurt some 1
Forest where live squirrel was attacked by evil monsters and skeletons. Squirrel decided to save their forest. Armed with bow and arrows she began her war. Help the squirrel save their forest. Destroy all enemy forces and beat the game. Use the Mouse to aim and shoot.
By Kelly Bogard As I get older, I notice my palate is changing. Long gone are the days of chicken nuggets, mac & cheese or a PB&J sandwich for supper. Not that I don't still enjoy those things sometimes, but I prefer to have meals with more complex flavors that I didn't appreciate as a [...]
By Kelly Bogard Sometimes life surprises you. Sometimes it's pleasant and others not so much. So when I walked into the grocery store earlier this week, I didn't realize I was in for such a good surprise. Big, juicy, sweet smelling Texas peaches from the Hill Country. These are perfect for Peach Melba Pound Cake [...]
By Kelly Bogard Summer is over. School is starting. And we all have to get back into a morning routine. That includes a tasty, filling breakfast for our kiddos. But it still needs to be a quick meal. Because, let's face it, we're usually rushing in the mornings at my house. Sounds like a breakfast [...]
Kelly Bogard	2018-08-17T14:48:38+00:00	August 17, 2018|Categories: Breakfast Dishes, Featured, Healthy Kids, Kid-Friendly Meals, Main Dishes, Recipes, Texas Agriculture|Tags: back to school, breakfast, egg bites, egg cups, eggs, electric pressure cooker, electric pressure cooker eggs, low-carb, pressure cooker|0 Comments
By Kelly Bogard Camping is a popular pastime during the Texas summer. We have so many neat places to see and visit. Lakes to fish and swim in. Trails to hike and explore. And of course, just the opportunity to get out in nature and relax. Another great thing about camping? S'mores. Those warm, gooey [...]
By Haley Herzog What can be served cold or hot and is stacked with layers of Texas-grown foods? Ah yes, the sandwich. It can be savory or sweet. Hearty or light. Crispy, juicy and everything in between. August is National Sandwich Month and what better way to celebrate than taking a bite out of a [...]
Archives Select Month November 2018 (3) October 2018 (9) September 2018 (7) August 2018 (9) July 2018 (8) June 2018 (9) May 2018 (8) April 2018 (7) March 2018 (8) February 2018 (8) January 2018 (9) December 2017 (8) November 2017 (7) October 2017 (9) September 2017 (9) August 2017 (9) July 2017 (7) June 2017 (9) May 2017 (9) April 2017 (7) March 2017 (9) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (9) December 2016 (8) November 2016 (8) October 2016 (8) September 2016 (9) August 2016 (9) July 2016 (9) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (9) April 2016 (9) March 2016 (8) February 2016 (8) January 2016 (8) December 2015 (9) November 2015 (7) October 2015 (9) September 2015 (9) August 2015 (8) July 2015 (9) June 2015 (9) May 2015 (9) April 2015 (7) March 2015 (9) February 2015 (8) January 2015 (9) December 2014 (8) November 2014 (7) October 2014 (9) September 2014 (9) August 2014 (9) July 2014 (8) June 2014 (8) May 2014 (9) April 2014 (8) March 2014 (8) February 2014 (11) January 2014 (9) December 2013 (8) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (9) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (9) July 2013 (9) June 2013 (8) May 2013 (9) April 2013 (9) March 2013 (9) February 2013 (11) January 2013 (8) December 2012 (9) November 2012 (9) October 2012 (9) September 2012 (8) August 2012 (9) July 2012 (9) June 2012 (9) May 2012 (9) April 2012 (9) March 2012 (9) February 2012 (9) January 2012 (9) December 2011 (9) November 2011 (9) October 2011 (8) September 2011 (9) August 2011 (9) July 2011 (9) June 2011 (12) May 2011 (9) April 2011 (5) March 2011 (5)
boiler repairs Chelsea Replacing the boilerSometimes we notice that arose in our house a problem with water pressure. At too low water pressure it flows from the tap a little trickle and practically we are not able to use it. However, at too high pressure water can even damage the hose leading it, f Czytaj dalej...
The 16/19’’ wheels are fine for low seat height but the tire selection, especially for off road use is very limited. For that reason larger wheels are a common tune-up. But one should consider that the NX has a very short wheel base and only 87mm front wheel trail (something no other bike except maybe scooters got). That's why the NX is extremely handy, but if you lower the front or heighten the rear, the NX will become unstable at higher speed. No fun, really - the handlebar sometimes shakes so badly that it’s hard to control. That’s why I always try to maintain the original balance.
For example my own N(i)X-MOTO - the smaller front tire (100/90-17) was compensated with a longer (and thicker) NX650 fork and everything is fine
The 240mm brake disc of the NX250 is Honda’s offroad standard, so potentially, many Honda 21'' wheels may be adapted. The front wheels of the XL350/600R will fit plug and play. The XR250/400/600 hubs (not XR650L which got an NX650 hub) are identical, but the axle diameter is larger. So with NX250 bearings, seals and collar a XR wheel should also fit.
The speedo will read a bit off, due to the larger wheel. It's not much but you can take the speedo gear of a XL350/600 or NX650
There is only one rear 17‘‘wheel that will fit plug and play: the 84-87 XL250R and XL350R wheel http://www.partzilla.com/parts/detail/h ... 0-000.html , but you should use the NX250 cushdrive and brake panel http://advrider.com/index.php?threa...a ... st-8142712 . Earlier XL250, XL600R or XR600 got different hubs and won't fit.
And something else: make sure that the brake drum is ok - most got little cracks download/file.php?id=447&mode=view which lead to deceleration near nil (same applies to the NX drums).
Since the XL250R rim is somewhat too narrow anyway (2.15-17) for a 120/90-17 the wider XL600r (or other DID rims with 36 spokes) rim (2.50-17) can be laced to the NX250 hub. The spokes are custom made (stainless steel), because there are no OEM spokes that will fit. But any wheel builder can do the job and usually the custom spokes are cheaper than OEM.
There are lots of KTM or XL (the old xl250/500s) 18'' DID rims on Ebay, which may be fitted with new spokes (36) to the NX hub. I actually like the 18” with a 110/80 - 18 better than a 120/90-17 or 130/80-17 (somewhat smaller diameter and better in terms of weight and handling). The bike to the right got a 110/80-18, to the left a 120/90-17.
With a larger rear wheel the already a bit too long secondary transmission should be shortened. The easeit way is to use a 12th front sprocket - just make sure to get the ones from the CRF250L (JTF1321-12 viewtopic.php?f=20&t=377
I was looking for a 17’ rear wheel and found nothing here so I decided to buy the expensive Continental TrailWing. A few days later found a rear wheel (and tire) from a XL 350 for the same price! Grrrrrr
So, imho, it depends how much you want to spend with your NX and what are you going to do with the bike: If you plan to do some more off-road use... change both wheels is the way but now you have to change front mudguard and so on....
If your bike is just a commuter and you are on low budget (like me) update rear and front suspension, buy the expensive tires from Continental, Pirelli… and just enjoy your little thumper.
First of all, hats off! for the amazing works and transformations you make, Scrambler66. They are simply eye popping.
And in a more personal issue, that perhaps should have been stated in first term, I wish publicly to thank you for all the tips, information, good advices, offerings and warnings you have given me trough private channel.
I am running around the idea of swapping wheels. It is a shame the short range of more oriented off road tires available for NX's wheels. No big problem for the 19" front rim but the 16" rear is a real pain in the ass.
Based in Spain as I am, is almost imposible to find the direct fits of XL250R and XL350R rear sets of rim, spokes and break drum so I am forced to comb the internet for pieces and information (Danke, Michael, noch ein mal). It also will be hard to find around my place and old school wheel builder to make any investigation for me. I guess they will want all the work pre done for them and to have all the needed spares produced by me.
I can afford to buy a complete wheel from XL250R as they abound in the web and they are a direct fit, just a plug and play matter. The things that make me doubt is that I have been warned about the posibility of rust or corrosión in the inner side of the brake drum that would reduce considerably the effectivity of the rear brakes.
Imagine I buy a complete rear wheel set from a XL250R and the inner side of the brake drum is in bad shape.
And now my question is: could I use these old rim and spokes, discard the defective XL250R break drum, and use the original NX rear hub (I already have a spare) with the XL250 rim and spokes?
In this case I could take all to a wheel builder to mount the whole set and the problem would be solved.
Imagine I buy a complete rear wheel set from a XR250R and the inner side of the brake drum is in bad shape. And now my question is: could I use these old rim and spokes, discard the defective XR250R break drum, and use the original NX rear hub (I already have a spare) with the XR250 rim and spokes? In this case I could take all to a wheel builder to mount the whole set and the problem would be solved.
First of all - we are talking about XL250R /XL350R - the XR250 wheels are different (no cush drive and only 32 spokes as far as I know)
Your plan should theoretically work - since XL250/350 and NX250 hubs are identical, the XL spokes and rim should fit. But its very tough to loosen old, corroded spokes - I've tried this a couple of times and failed. But maybe you got more luck
I thought of that rims too - but the problem is, that you won't get them legalized in Germany. So I never tried them and can't say anything about the quality.
That would not be a problem here while on the road. Given the fact that 21" / 17" set will not be legal from the very start no road policeman will check the country oforigin of the rims. Here you only need to have a Street legal set for every two years ITV (TÜV)
I am beggining to check japanese auction pages and the XL250R rear rims seem to be slightly diferent an the model reference is MD 03 instead of MD 11
Yes, very early XL250 got different hubs and spokes and I guess the rims are also drilled differently. Its best to look at the pics - the later Xl hubs look exactly like the NX250 hubs.
If your authorities don't care about rims maybe the stuff from taiwan might be an option. You could buy a XL600r https://www.ebay.com/itm/LG3843-HONDA-X ... Sw8gVYAGf~ set (and re-sell the front rim) and I can try to get another set of stainless steel spokes (about 80€) - but I don't know if the taiwan stuff is really 100% identical to the OEM XL600R rims.
Finally I made the rear wheel swap to a 17" and very happy whith the result. I mounted an XL rim with custom spokes provided by Scrambler66. Thanks, Michael, it has been a great deal for my and feel very grateful.
I also fitted a Pirelli MT21 what it looks to me a full knobby tire, as I am a complete novice to realoff road tyres, and it display goreous on the bike. On road its preformance is great and I have not noticed any strange feeling like bouncing poor grip or vibrations of any kind at high speed so far. Off road the main advantage I think is psicological as I am a very calm rider but I am pretty sure they have already save me from some unnotices mistakes I surely must have commited. Besides I still have the ordinary OEM semy knobby and have neither reduced pressures so I never try to find my or her limits.
I must say this modification is not Street legal here and I keep the factory set up to pass the compulsory bianual inspection
Disclaimer: We reserve the right to substitute with similar items of comparable quality. Occasionally item(s) displaying immediate availability may become unavailable. We will automatically back order that item and/or provide a similar item of comparable quality and ship the item as soon as it becomes available.
Same Day Shipping for orders received before 3 pm EST is available with notice. By default most items will be shipped the next day. This is not a guarantee of delivery date.
For questions regarding a backorder or a substitution on your order, please contact your sales representative or our customer service department.
I retired last year after 30 years service, most recently as manager of a municipal utility. I had come to depend on special products (vinyl sleeves) to make my job easier and more efficient. With the new "SUPER" office supply stores, it has been ever more difficult to find what I need. They make you feel that if they don't have it, you don't need it. I began to search the internet for hard to find products and found EDP. Thank you EDP. You have numerous styles and sizes of sleeve products, good pricing, and quick friendly service. I even found replacement wallet sleeves that my wife had given up on years ago. I heartily recommend EDP for your special and everyday plastic and vinyl needs.
Bring pinto beans to a boil. Remove from heat and let stand one hour. Pressure cook beans 18 minutes or 16 minutes when using kidney beans with less water. Brown ground beef and drain. Add beans and all remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil then simmer for about 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Serve with ketchup if desired.
Get exclusive analysis and cryptocurrency insights on Hacked.com for just $39 per month. Blockchain Capital’s Spencer Bogart believes in the long-term case for bitcoin, but he’s less convinced on altcoins. Despite the fact that bitcoin has dropped below the $8,000 and has suffered its worst three-week performance since Q3 2017, now’s not the time to retreat. Bogart, a […]
Meltem Demirors, The Digital Currency Group, and Robert Shiller, Yale University, debate whether investors have missed the opportunity to buy into …
Seminar: Theology Without Walls: The Challenge of Spiritual Discernment December 7 @ 4:00 pm – 5:30 pm PST
Once I finished a draft of the book, I asked people I knew – some I knew well and some I had only recently met -- to take a look and give me some quick comments. I pointedly did not ask for praise, but for “honest responses,” since only those would be helpful in editing the book. Here are excerpts from their comments.
“This work has the potential to be the most influential book in our time. It exudes spiritual authenticity as it is well-grounded in human experience. It advances a way to embrace spirituality in oneself. As your own experience, the work is anchored in our time, our experience.”
“Thanks for this wonderful gift. This is a remarkable document. I’m only two-thirds though, and I’m anxious to see how things turn out.”
- Wesley Morriston, Ph.D. (Philosophy), Professor of Philosophy, University of Colorado at Boulder; Board Member, Society of Christian Philosophers)
“I am reading your draft slowly as a devotional and am so full of thoughts and feelings about it that it is hard to know where to begin. I think this is very important. Much of it sounds like God to me, sounds like how what I take to be God sounds in those moments when I am in touch (and I am struck by how very in-touch you are, how constantly). The freshness of the talk, so fresh it makes you laugh -- I experience God that way. The wisdom. The love. The reproach when necessary (how God exits when ego enters).”
- Jeanine Diller, Ph.D. (Philosophy), Associate Professor of Philosophy and Religious Studies, University of Toledo
“It is one of the most intriguing, unusual, passionate things I have ever read. It is very special.”
- Matthew Foster, Ph.D. (Theology), Associate Professor of Theology and Religious Studies, Molloy College
You must make all purchases on eBay Australia whilst based in Australia.By signing up you agree.We also do PPC for customers on Google Adwords, if you need let me know.This Only One, google Adwords Coupon work per account.Do you want a lot of
Danh mục: Kính màu ốp bếp, Kính Ốp Bếp Tag: kinh mau op bep, kinh op bep, kinh op bep hai long, kinh op bep mau xanh lo
Through the Woods is a third-person Norse horror adventure set in a forest on the western shores of Norway that tells the story of a mother and her missing son. Through reactive narration, the player experiences the mother’s re-telling of the events surrounding her son’s disappearance. Players follow the path of a terrified woman who has forced herself to enter this terrible place for the sole purpose of finding her son, in a setting heavily influenced by Norse mythology and Norwegian folk tales.
With Through the Woods, Antagonist have captured the feeling of the forest as they saw it as children, with all the fear and mystery that comes from roaming through it alone. This is coupled with a powerful story and high quality sound design, which in the darkness of the forest becomes a core mechanic. Through the Woods is a profound experience that directly delivers the feelings of loneliness and loss in a terrifying place...
Explore stunning environments and experience stories inspired by Norse mythology, Norwegian art and nature
It was my first glance on the game right now and it looks promising! Love the screenshots, the game looks beautiful. Especially that door with oriental ornament.
Do you want to earn money creating pages just like this? Gamewise is currently looking for writers, find out more here.
In my prior article, I discussed how the Resident Evil series has fallen into a rut. Simply put, Resident...
There’s little doubt that the gaming landscape has changed in a major way since the 32-bit era. It...
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 hopes to repair the damage that Resident Evil 6 has done to the series,...
Folks, this applies to the xbox 360 version only, but no matter what I do, I can't seem to take down...
Located approximately 25 miles outside of Washington, D.C. Germantown is the third largest community in Maryland behind Baltimore and Columbia. In the 1950s, the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission was relocated from downtown Washington to Germantown. Today, Germantown is home to an administration complex for the U.S. Department of Energy and the Office of Biological and Environmental Research.
Germantown is an urbanized area that is comprised of six villages: Churchill Village, Gunners Lake Village, Clopper Village, Kingsview Village, Middlebrook Village and Neelsville Village. These feature both townhomes and single-family dwellings. Residents have unprecedented access to MARC rail services. There are three shopping centers with grocery stores and other retail options. Several large parks are located nearby, including Black Hill Regional Park and North Germantown Special Park. The BlackRock Center for the Arts serves as Germantown’s cultural center. The 30,000 square foot center features an art gallery, 210-seat theatre, dance studio, a 105-seat studio theatre and music practice rooms and classrooms.
I-270, Frederick Road and Middlebrook Road; residents have easy access to MARC rail. The Germantown Transit Center provides a “Ride On” shuttle service to the Shady Grove Metro station on the Red Line.
Beware of cyclists. Dozens of 1-way streets in Egypt have contra-stream cycle lanes, so bikes are relocating in the opposite way to autos. Warning indicators usually make this crystal clear, and most solitary-lane roadways are so narrow you ought to be driving in a snail’s rate anyway.
Don’t mess with trams. They have got priority, they don’t have to stop at Cairo crossings and the conventional highway policies will not use. When you unintentionally drive into their path or block them, transfer away from the way quickly or deal with a fine.
Be roundabout wise. Egypt even now pretty new to roundabouts and hasn’t fully grasped signal etiquette. Concentrate on this, just take absolutely nothing without any consideration.
Auto rental in Egypt opens up chances for Winter season skiing. Resorts at CAIRO and ALEXANDRIA are below just one hrs from GIZA (Previous Town) and the mountain travel is thrilling.
Arrive summer months, you may tour the close by wine nation, have lunch inside the Egypt at Cairo and nonetheless be again in time for evening meal: an ideal day trip.
The simplest way to find Egypt's lowest priced car or truck employ the service of would be to e book it before you journey – use Vacation Supermarket to check prices after which you ايجار سيارات can e-book the offer that satisfies you. All you should do then is pitch up within the airport, driving licence in the All set, and you’re excellent to go.
Most vehicle rentals supply further selections like toddler/child seat/boosters, GPS, extra driver, luggage rack, snow chains or perhaps Wifi. Examine the in depth rental terms for the extra payment.
When traveling to Egypt we recommend to carry some LE to prevent any unwanted surprises. At Cairo Airport there are actually Dollars Exchange places of work so as to adjust your local forex.
5 Effortless Facts About Milton roofing company DescribedI really feel You must place some interest above a website to Functional info. Blessed me I identified your Online web page accidentally, Which i’m amazed why this incident didn't passed off Formerly! I bookmarked it.Element with the explanation least wage and labor laws arrived into existe… Read More
Developed to very last therefore you avoid further roof repair company down the road. Get a totally free roof inspection in Lake Milton having a element perform scope. Siding & GuttersAt Adapted Residing Areas, our strong do the job ethic, close consideration to depth, and usage of the latest technologies enable us to complete Careers efficiently t… Read More
Don’t accept responses that audio hesitant, or are unclear. That is the simplest way to protect against becoming cheated. When doubtful, ask for proof! No roofer should have issues emailing you a duplicate of state licenses or proof of insurance (defined in question #2 down below).I Would undoubtedly propose the Bianco staff, The 2 brothers perf… Read More
Read through roofing prices, authentic critiques, and confirmed qualifications. Then, ask for estimates on your new roof or roof substitution undertaking quickly and simply from contractors of the alternative.Although the constructing is purported to be marketed toward vacant nesters and young singles, a lot of residents expressed their ponder as t… Read More
Don’t take solutions that seem hesitant, or are unclear. This is often the easiest way to protect towards being scammed. When doubtful, ask for proof! No roofer ought to have issues emailing you a replica of condition licenses or proof of insurance plan (discussed in dilemma #two beneath).Exactly where offered, discountsheds.com.au has provided … Read More
Workshop and Seminar for the 3rd International Conference and Exhibition on Indonesian Medical Education and Research Institute.
FKA Kiteboarding Forums > KITEBOARDING AT ... launches, precautions, SCHOOLS, SHOPS, meets, local groups and more
(0 testimonials) Watch Profile Queue administration Remedy that could Handle customer circulation and guidance the personnel in managing clients in almost any setting.
Find out more about RizePoint RizePoint software creates a hub of important compliance information and facts to align organizational target brand security. Learn more about RizePoint
The corrective and preventive action module is usually a central part to attaining compliance For lots of companies. EtQ Reliance has an extensive CAPA procedure inside the software that gives a methodical course of action-based approach to conducting corrective actions or preventive actions. From the EtQ Reliance solution, you can decide on from a range of CAPA types, regardless of whether relevant to a buyer, inside, primarily based from an audit, or a person you configure.
With exceptionally economical solutions, limitless seats and set up time measured in times we allow you to substantially boost your high quality compliance profile Learn more about ZenQMS Modern day, Aspect 11 compliant System for document management, CAPAs, education administration, audits & supplier management. Find out more about ZenQMS
(11 reviews) Look at Profile SafetyNet is really an aviation basic safety reporting technique and investigation Alternative that drives authentic transform within the administration and investigation Learn more about SafetyNet SafetyNet is an aviation basic safety reporting method and investigation Remedy that drives genuine adjust in the administration and investigation Find out more about SafetyNet
(0 assessments) View click Profile Make the management of top quality documentation equally more effective and also compliant to regulations and specific field benchmarks.
Responsible supervisor possibly accepts or rejects efficiency from the corrective action preventive action
Every single Group differs in how it techniques the Corrective Action procedure. Some are uncomplicated, some tend to be more associated. Regardless of the scenario might be, the core principles continue being clear - Corrective Action is meant to identify and correct systemic concerns inside the Compliance Program.
Learn more about RealityCharting A visible Software that helps individuals determine cause and impact relationships and apply powerful alternatives to stop challenge recurrence. Find out more about RealityCharting
Rapidly begin to see Your Domain Name the overdue actions by employee, or all open up actions. E-mail the stories to the worker. Verification Actions
(0 assessments) Look at Profile Cloud-dependent excellent management platform that allows collaboration with all business enterprise partners throughout all organizations in the supply chain.
CAPA Manager software to be a service (SaaS) generating productive corrective action administration as effortless as is possible. my explanation Environment course enhancement workflows
Plan conferences, ship automated notifications to attendees, report and keep track of attendance, their explanation and assign important link and monitor the completion of comply with up duties. Sustain a document of all conferences and related files.
You have no idea where to go for a vacation? Try Spain malaga car rental Holidays for the discerningIf you plan to vacation, you will definitely want to he was best spent. In the end, during the year we have a few days of complete freedom and vacation time probably unique for each of us. So if our h Czytaj dalej...
The SmartScape Solar Bollard from Zeta Specialist Lighting is a modern solar powered solution for exterior wayfinding illumination.
Zetas uniquely designed solar bollard is available in sustainably sourced hardwood, extruded aluminium bodies and performa-cast polymer.
Terms of Use --- Privacy Policy --- Website By Kate Clark Designs --- Monitored and Analysed by Glooo
We use cookies to improve your website experience, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. FIND OUT MORE
With the support of a £4million grant from round 4 of the Advanced Manufacturing Supply Chain Initiative (AMSCI), Clearview Traffic plan to relocate manufacture of the intelligent solar powered road studs from overseas to Britain as part of a £6million project to streamline the supply chain, strengthen intellectual property and boost overseas sales. Working in partnership with Zeta Specialist Lighting Ltd and AEV Ltd, the project will lead to 49 jobs being re-shored and 37 existing UK jobs being safeguarded.
Our home planet is in the star system of Zeta Reticuli, or, shall we say, what you term Zeta Reticuli. We, of course, have our own names for things. Zeta Reticuli is indeed a binary star system, or at least that part of it you, on Earth, are aware of. In fact, there is much more to the star system than you are aware of. The binary stars circle each other on an extreme end of Zeta Reticuli, less than 1/3 into the star system itself. The other 2/3 are composed of stars not visible to you, on Earth, but nevertheless affecting the gravitational pull of the other stars and planets in the system. These other 2/3 of the bulk of the star system are only evident by the erratic nature of the dance visible to you, on Earth, of the two visible binary stars.
What we are telling you, is that the planet we originate from is not known to you, as it is part of the 2/3 mass of the star system not known to you. Do you think our eyes got so large because our sun was bright? It has been rumored that our planet is dying, and that this is the reason we are seeking genetic rebirth on your planet, Earth. In fact, our planet is long dead, and we Zetas have been living by artificial means for eons. We learned to live in cavities within planets, and by artificial light. We found this to be more hospitable to living even before we destroyed our planet. Do you suppose we dove into the sub-structure of our planet just when the atmosphere became poisonous, due to our wars? We were already there. We had been simply forced to take this alternative over any others.
Thanks! With so much work being put into OpenMW by others, I find it hard not to contribute as well.
Here are the new icons for menus along with source .blend file used to render them. They are named with a prefix "menu-". In case a different naming convention is desired let me know.
Also, "cell.png" and "magic-effect.png" have been updated. (Makes me think I should finally create a gitlab account to streamline the updating process.)
I added missing icons based on existing ones to my PR. Feel free to replace them lately if you do not like them.
And although reusing record button bar icons and changing the rotation of next-previous arrows for Move Down and Move Up is not terribly difficult, I still need icons for Touch Record and Edit Record, since it doesn't look like there are any that can be reused for them. Maybe use Object icon for Edit Record, but that's not very recognizable.
Edit Record purpose is obvious (it opens the record subview with various parameters you can change). Looks like Touch Record makes Land records specifically pseudo-modified so they can use land textures from the current content file.
Thanks to akortunov we've got our two new icons. Yay. See the PR page for more images I'll add there in a moment.
Honestly ... The reason imo why racism in America seems so prevalent is because ... well, yeah we discuss it more.. Cause we're allowed to discuss it and call it out ...but also because Black people in America do hold a considerable amount of power.... and anytime one group is close to a certain amount of power.. The group who feels like they may be losing power starts to clamp down.
but also the injustices that occur are on a different level imo...and obviously that's me speaking from a western (Canada, Europe, US) perspective
but yea some of the things that happen regarding black ppl have my mouth dropped a lot of the time...i've been on bhm since 2009 and so yea i've probably grown biased but again i'm sure this thread was meant to be opinion based anyway...and i don't experience stuff lke that in Canada, nor did I see things happening like that in England...
and again that isn't to mean Canada is perfect cuz we have our own issues (hello Toronto crack mayor!?!) but in regards to race relations, I don't see things happening as crazy as they do in the US.
I want to work in DC one day but I told myself that it will take a lot of adjusting because I'm not used to how different race is in terms of experiencing it....I was actually scared when I went to DC
Up here we all laugh at the ppl who claim they are from the hoods, because we all say the real hoods are in the US (not in a diss way) but the hoods in the US are SO real...we call the guys here wannabe gangstas cuz even in the hood here, you can still go to college/university on the gov't dime...like it's different, u know what i mean?
nah nah... this was good... I don't judge... I might make subtle snide commentary from time to time but I do it with love and compassion...but this is good stuff..
also... people feel some kind of way when someone says... " I don't experience "racism" here ".. That quote alone will ruffle some feathers... apparently where all supposed to experience that same type of equal discrimination everywhere...
I personally think they're pockets within this country (the US) where racism is down right disgusting (overt and internalized) while their are pockets of America that our more moderate classist and full of bigotry. Just my perspective
no, you were just a hit dog who hollered because you obviously thought I was dissing your precious US
shiit like that annoys me about you so yea I told you to shut up and gave you your "context"...happy?
however, you make sense though and that's what i meant earlier by devil i know. for me, america is great by default because i've not directly experienced anything else that's been better or worse. obviously, someone in another country would/could have a different pov of the us based on (in)direct experience.
when i read all the threads here on bhm about whatever unjust thing is happening to black ppl every week, that's how i feel...it's so sad to me
I don't live there but I feel it as deeply as if i did so thats why my statement was so grandiose like that
I've read threads that have me thinking like how do they do it? How do u live in America as a black person and not be scared? I don't know that feeling
Canada isnt perfect by any means but I mean we don't have the same level of violence and ppl don't get away with it as freely as they do in the States, u know what I mean? Maybe guns have to do with it but it's just so sad to me
Correct. It's a complicated culture but people with too many sad things going on but people here will not understand you ... so let it go.
I understand the difference in cultures though. Especially when it comes to Americas stupid fear of socialism.
i remember the first time i stepped foot outside of america and thought to myself, self? why is it that i don't feel any different than i do when i'm sitting in front of the tv watching real housewives of atlanta? why aren't i cheesing it up, happy and carefree like the people i saw in the travel brochure?
the reason why i didn't feel any different was because i carry my dreams, demons, angst everywhere i am and no matter the change of scenery, i am not going anywhere.
in order to decide whether living abroad will afford you better opportunities, imo, you'd have to ask yourself, what is it that you're seeking that you can't find here?
yes, living in the u.s can easily suffocate the will and drive out of black folk but it goes beyond our dealings with racism and inequality. because race is such a central part of our experience in america, seeking an identity outside the confinements of our blackness while still maintaining our connection to our roots is a daunting task.
either way, you have to ask yourself not just what it is you're seeking, but what is it that you're running from
But color is not that big of a deal so people are not running around trying to FIND OTHER BLACK Folks.
Is really is quite different than The States and morrrrre comfortable. No bam bam racial upset every 5 minutes and whatnpt (shrugs) it's peaceable.
Running from? I think you are narrowing this down to a very simplistic concept. It's not that simple. Geesh.
being black in america builds character imo. if you're able to overcome all the obstacles while still holding on to your identity, there aint a country in europe or a city in tropical city in persia that can duplicate the experience imo
I wouldve asked Pac to take an aids test to.......aint mad at her.......if only more women did this........
Only one person in here called her a coon.. Where the rest of y'all at.. Guess some of y'all don't yell coon unless it deals with black men..
But she was with a black man for many years soooo how is she a coon? This can't compare to instance after instance of black men choosing nonblack women time after time.
that was for show. she was fat half the time she was with JD. the Jackson family does not like black folk.
But they didn't have sex...? Um I gave Janet a pass because this happened in the early to mid nineties when people didn't really know about HIV but what are you on about in 2012?
"[Despite BMD's documentation, apparently the BMPC-4K camera's "live interlaced output" feature does not work -- period; hopefully it'll be fixed via a firmware update ASAP.] The BMPC-4K (and BMCC) can output interlaced video (25p and 30p in 50i and 60i streams) as a "live" SDI video output (menu setting), but not record interlaced to its internal SSD. BMPC-4K SSD recordings are always strictly progressive. Refer to the user manual page 32 "Connecting to Video Switchers". The BMPC-4K tech specs page on the BMD website is confusing. In the user manual on page 11 they spell it out more clearly: "1920 x 1080i50 output", and, "1920 x 1080i59.94 output". If you wish you can use popular NLE or other software slow BMPC-4K 30p footage down to 24p or 25p for a nice-looking, but subtle slo-mo effect."
WillemMollema wrote: I have received my blackmagic 4k production camera 2 weeks ago. I must say i like it but i cant find the HD mode on my bmpc with the ability to shoot 50 fps or 59.94 fps in Full HD. The only two options in record mode are prores 4k and prores HD. There both going max to 30 fps on my display. What am i doing wrong cause the offical website of blackmagic says at the Tech Specs of the 4k BMPC that it can shoot in 50/59.94 fps. Please help me with this.
The SDI output allows you to use your camera as a television production camera. You can connect the SDI output directly to production switchers for studio work or to ATEM Camera Converters to convert your signal to optical so you can send it hundreds of meters to a broadcast truck for live production on location.
If you have selected to record in 25 or 29.97 fps and set the SDI overlays to Off, the SDI output will be set to 1080i50 and 1080i59.94 respectively. This allows you to work with most switchers, which only support interlaced high definition formats.
I do not know, maybe someone here already published such information. There is a way to determine how much video just recorded on the card. To do this, press the play button to play the last clip. Then stop playback and press the button to the next clip, and then displays the total duration of the video. Checked when operating in RAW mode. Firmware 1.6.1.
Now that SanDisk has created an SD card that can handle write speeds of 250MBs (SanDisk Extreme PRO® SDHC™/SDXC™ UHS-II Memory Card), is it possible for the BMPCC to increase its frames per second rate, for at least ProRes, to 120fps?
rainesdown wrote: Now that SanDisk has created an SD card that can handle write speeds of 250MBs (SanDisk Extreme PRO® SDHC™/SDXC™ UHS-II Memory Card), is it possible for the BMPCC to increase its frames per second rate, for at least ProRes, to 120fps?
Sorry if I'm posting this in the wrong thread, but I noticed blackmagic's "Desktop Video Firmware Updater" is always running on my mac's activity monitor.
rainesdown wrote: Now that SanDisk has created an SD card that can handle write speeds of 250MBs (SanDisk Extreme PRO[REGISTERED SIGN] SDHC[TRADE MARK SIGN]/SDXC[TRADE MARK SIGN] UHS-II Memory Card), is it possible for the BMPCC to increase its frames per second rate, for at least ProRes, to 120fps?
The cameras frame rates are not limited by the write speed of the cards. It's a culmination hardware limitations. To build the camera at such a low price point many compromises have had to be made. The sensor needs more cooling to shoot higher frame rates and the processor needs more bandwidth (which also generates more heat).
It's not simply a write speed of the card. This has been discussed at length. We will probably never see higher frame rates in any of the current cameras.
Actually the existing cameras can do more than 30fps. JB even mention in the past that as high as up to but no more than 50fps could be possible but as to date we've not seen it happen.
Given the sluggish nature and broken promises of firmware updates the issue may not be because of hardware limitation but administrative ineffectiveness from the manufacturer to improve existing cameras.
Samjack wrote: As for overheating if the BMPC 4k can do 30fps with a global shutter it can handle 60fps on a BMCC CMOS sensor.
You are certain of this are you? It might be a good idea to research your topic better because the two cameras do not even use the same sensor. You comparison is pointless.
Global Shutter needed more power and more overheating demanding more work from the cooling fan and reduces battery life. The BMCC battery life is 3-4 times longer then the BMPC 4k. If you don't believe in science at least do your maths.
adamroberts wrote: This has been discussed at length. We will probably never see higher frame rates in any of the current cameras.
same was said (at length) about quite a few of the "announced" updates in the soon to be released BMCC firmware...
Geoff Baxter wrote: Oh I believe in science, trouble is your statement is completely devoid of any science. And what maths do you suggest I do? You gave no data.
And if you are going to quote John Brawley, perhaps get it right. He said "The camera will never do more than 50fps. It might be able to do more than 30 at some point in the future." That's might be able to do more than 30, not will.
The BMPC 4K battery life averages 24mins. You probably never used one to find out and now you just made a fool of yourself in front of people who used it and sniggering at you
As for JB comments I qouted it suggest the camera can run upto 50fps but not in the initial iteration of the firmware. He said "might" because he doesnt work for BMD and don't make decision if or might they would release 50fps so no point digging at it.
Its one thing to comment on an automobile in general, but how do you tell a Porsche 911 owner the ins ans outs of that car when you yourself to do not own/use/service/etc .. one of them?
your knowledge of specs mean very little when you spit(antagonize) them at the very people who own and use the item in question.
Where can i find old versions of Blackmagic Camera Utility Windows? it's my understanding BMPC 4K day one FW for some people seem to show Less FPN but after the updating to new FW FPN start showing
tifose wrote: Where can i find old versions of Blackmagic Camera Utility Windows? it's my understanding BMPC 4K day one FW for some people seem to show Less FPN but after the updating to new FW FPN start showing
On BMD homepage go to "Support", then select the appropriate Computer Type, Product Series (Cameras) and your Camera Model, click "search". You'll find the latest Firmware / Utility download there, and next to it there is a link to "Archived drivers" - that's where you find all iterations of the Camera Utility.
so I heard now the 4k camera when its shot on raw is TRUE 4k is this TRUE? also in the 4k camera how much raw can I record on 480 gb drive?
Vortex677 wrote: so I heard now the 4k camera when its shot on raw is TRUE 4k is this TRUE? also in the 4k camera how much raw can I record on 480 gb drive?
By true 4K, I assume you mean 4K DCI, 4096x2160. The raw on the BMPC4K records 4000x2160 with firmware release 1.8. Tantalizingly close to using the full 4096 horizontal photosites on the sensor. How much you can record depends on the frame rate, but I'm calculating approximately 30 minutes raw at 30 fps assuming a compression factor of 1.5x like the BMPCC raw.
Perhaps this is an infrequently asked question... I just got my Pocket Cinema Camera, and am in the process of finding out my 'personal' exposure index, and would like to know, for the ProRes 'Film' aka 'log' representation, what is the value that an 18% (not to quibble on the exact percentage... or that the meter is not calibrated to that exact reflectance...) Grey Card, using a light meter, should produce when viewed in terms of % IRE?
I've found some threads on the topic for other cameras, some threads which seem to start out talking about 'how to calibrate', but haven't found a clear statement on what the relationship between the the log representation vs IRE.
One reference seemed to suggest 38% is what a log representation should yield for the 18% grey card.
John Brawley has previously stated (a long time ago... in a galaxy far, far away) the value is between 38 and 39%. The thread you found seems to support John's statement.
John Clark wrote: and would like to know, for the ProRes 'Film' aka 'log' representation, what is the value that an 18% (not to quibble on the exact percentage... or that the meter is not calibrated to that exact reflectance...) Grey Card, using a light meter, should produce when viewed in terms of % IRE?
I have a Blackmagic Cinema Camera 2.5k EF, I would to know how to resolve the crop problem. Could I mount a lens adapter MFT and then, buy a Speed Booster MFT for EF lens? I've extremely need to resolve it.
If I am not wrong, the BMPC 4K and the URSA have the same sensor. Can we expect soon a firmware update which includes 80fps in HD, 60fps in UHD, Prores 444 any many other things for the BMPC 4K camera?
Gjorgji Klincarov wrote: If I am not wrong, the BMPC 4K and the URSA have the same sensor. Can we expect soon a firmware update which includes 80fps in HD, 60fps in UHD, Prores 444 any many other things for the BMPC 4K camera?
We want to buy a Micro Cinema Camera, therefore we have asked our Dealer several time about the delivery. Today on the 5th august he says to us again, that there is no release date communicated by Black Magic.
In this thread I read: Release in July, now ist August and there is no delivery of the camera in sight.
Gordian Miller wrote: Could You please communicate the effective delivery date of the Micro Cinema Camera.
Since its very first camera, BMD has had trouble shipping new cameras on time. When they announced July availability, some on this board said, "which July?"
I cannot stop the recording on my Black magic pocket camera once it heats up after 15 minutes of shooting.
I click record and it starts recording but when you click again to stop, nothing happens and it keeps recording!
Billy George wrote: I cannot stop the recording on my Black magic pocket camera once it heats up after 15 minutes of shooting.
I click record and it starts recording but when you click again to stop, nothing happens and it keeps recording! Does anyone has a solution to this problem? Thank you.
I don't know why your BMPCC is having the issue you describe (it's not a FAQ), but confirm you're using a tested & recommended SD card listed here:
Also, install (or reinstall) camera firmware version 2.1, the most current version specifically for use with the BMPCC:
Just checking the firmware update list and version 2.3 didn't include anything for the BMCC or BMPCC. Those updates are copies from 2.1.
is there any chance of knowing the runtime of my actuall BMCC as to find out how much hours of work it has done?
Might want to update the FAQ a bit as since then the Ursa Mini Pro came and also we are at Firmware 4.8
Programmable focus points. The camera can lock focus with the touch screen, but it doesn't REMEMBER the distance, and instead hunts around every time to find the focus again. We should be able to lock in a couple of focus-pulling options and have the camera return to that point with the push of a button, or touchscreen option. This is a "CINE" camera right? You don't have your camera hunting around to focus in the cinema. This should be an easy software solution, since the camera can already do the hard lifting. It just needs to REMEMBER the data and recall it at the operator's touch.
A Focus Pulling Mode for electronic lenses could easily incorporate a slider across the screen to move the focus point from minimum to infinity. It could also maybe look like a dial, or have a choice of either/or. Then you could adjust focus on the fly with feedback in feet/meters of the current focal point distance. Etc.
Meet Humme, our newest design portfolio theme that is sure to make your work stand out! https://t.co/s22U4BnJLJ I… https://t.co/vlYHuEZ3zL	20 hours ago
Celebrating children’s day in school a day marking childhood, children’s day celebrations focus on children and their enjoyment not only an eminent figure and national leader, nehru loved children and spend quite a lot of time with them. A big programme is organized in our school every year on mother’s day to celebrate it conjointly our teachers help us in getting prepared for the mother’s day occasion we learn lots of poem, rhyme, essay, speech, conversation etc for the celebration of this occasion. A big programme is organized in our school every year on mother’s day to celebrate it conjointly our teachers help us in getting prepared for the mother’s day occasion we learn lots of poem, rhyme, essay, speech, conversation, etc for the celebration of this occasion.
Primary section children's day celebration in our school 2017-2018. Merdeka day celebration on 31st of august 2012, our nation is 55 years old 31st of august 1957 is an important date to remember in every single citizen of malaysia due to it was the day our country achieved independence from britain. Essay on children’s day for kids and students for the students during their school days motive of children’s day among our children on the difficulties . Find an answer to your question essay on celebration of children's day in your school and what you learn from it we too celebrate it in our school on that day .
Report writing on childrens day celebration in school applied throughout the project on or essay against school to people places recognitions our school . Essay on independence day, 15th august for school students indian independence day kids essays public speaking our objective is to promote original thinking and . On 14th november 2017, children's day celebrated in our schoolwe organised bal mela for children. Essay on “independence day celebration in my school” complete essay for class 10, class 12 and graduation and other classes march 27, 2017 evirtualguru_ajaygour english (sr secondary) , languages 1 comment english 10 , english 12 , english essay class 10 & 12 , english essay graduation.
Mother day essay in english for students and children organized in our school every year on mother’s day to celebrate it conjointly at ias paper i am a 20 . Family people celebrate this day with their friends, family and children by participating in activities organized at social places every people become ready in the early morning before 8 am to watch the celebration at rajpath, new delhi in the news at tv. Schools all around india celebrate teachers day as a mark of respect to their teachers in many schools senior students dress themselves up as teachers and take charge of the school that day, under the supervision of their teachers and principal. Find a list of simple, easy essays for children and students from age 6 to age 10 suitable essay topics and ideas for kids of grade 1,2,3,4, 5 my hobby-reading,the first gift i received,my pet animal,,my favourite toy-barbie,my mother,if i were a butterfly,my school,trees are our best friends,my favorite flower,in the garden and many more.
Childrens day essay 1 100 words childrens day is celebrated in india every year with great enthusiasm on 14 th of november it is celebrated by the teachers and students in the schools and colleges with great passion and excitement it is celebrated with lots of events and activities performed by the kidsannual day celebration annual day celebration sgnps, adarsh nagar, hosted annual day .
Essay on childrens day celebration in our school the children day : essays : school essays : college essays school children organize cultural programmers to celebrate the day they sing national songs and stage sho.
Here we've compiled a list matching the top essays in our database against fathers day celebration essa essays fathers day essay for kids our school is a .
Essay on childrens day for class 6 essay on childrens day for essay for childrens day india essay on childrens day celebration in our school the children . Write an essay on children’s day of 450 words children's day is celebrated every year in all schools in our country on 14th of november in our school the . Children's day celebration is fun for the little ones but it is important for the parents too every parent must understand the importance of the children's day parents should be well aware about the little desires of their angels. Childrens day is also the birthday of jawaharlal nehruhe loved children very muhwe have a big celebration on this day in our schoolthe teachers decorate the school with streamers and balloonswe have a lot of fun on this datthe teachers perform amazing acts o drama ,singing and dancingthey make food for the studentswe all enjoy all these vey muchwe get these happiness from them as well .
アーカイブ 月を選択 2018年7月 (14) 2018年6月 (71) 2018年5月 (198) 2018年4月 (232) 2018年3月 (345) 2018年2月 (207) 2017年12月 (49) 2017年11月 (168) 2017年10月 (224) 2017年9月 (168) 2017年8月 (192) 2017年7月 (180) 2017年6月 (176) 2017年5月 (167) 2017年4月 (150) 2017年3月 (171) 2017年2月 (161) 2017年1月 (236) 2016年12月 (631) 2016年11月 (744) 2016年10月 (755) 2016年9月 (692) 2016年8月 (730) 2016年7月 (659) 2016年6月 (26) 2016年4月 (188) 2016年3月 (226) 2016年2月 (116)
Please understand the Yang Mingtian Zhao Pianist doesn't host any files! We're just a search engine like google.
No. Martial arts are used for self-defense and as a last resort. The core principles of Diaz Isshinryu Karate & Kobudo LLC is solving problems by peaceful resolution and having the self-confidence to not rely on violent behavior.
Certainly. We teach them skills that will help with their coordination, flexibility and strength. We make sure that the activities we assign are appropriate for the child’s athletic level.
There is a chance of physical injury with any form of exercise. We take very special care to supervise all exercises to see that the students are performing them correctly. Sparring is only performed at higher levels by those who wish to participate and we feel have the skills to spar in a safe manner.
We have people of almost all levels of fitness attend our classes. Your level of fitness is not that important a factor because we work on improving your level, no matter where you are in terms of physical fitness.
You will need to talk to your doctor about the risks you may incur by performing rigorous exercise. They will know best about what your body can safely handle.
All information provided is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute a legal contract between Diaz Isshinryu Karate & Kobudo LLC and any person or entity unless otherwise specified. Information is subject to change without prior notice. Although every reasonable effort is made to present current and accurate information, LinkNow™ Media makes no guarantees of any kind.
Simply put, Celebrate Recovery is a program dedicated to giving freedom from life’s hurts, habits, and hang-ups. More specifically, Celebrate Recovery is based around the “8 Recovery Principles” pioneered in 1991 by Saddleback Church in Lake Forest, California. On their webpage Saddleback describes the ministry this way:
“The purpose of Saddleback Valley Community Church´s Celebrate Recovery ministry is to fellowship and celebrate God´s healing power in our lives through the “8 Recovery Principles.” This experience allows us to “be changed.” We open the door by sharing our experiences, strengths and hopes with one another. In addition, we become willing to accept God´s grace in solving our lives´ problems. By working and applying these Biblical principles, we begin to grow spiritually. We become free from our addictive, compulsive and dysfunctional behaviors. This freedom creates peace, serenity, joy and most importantly, a stronger personal relationship with God and others. As we progress through the program we discover our personal, loving and forgiving Higher Power – Jesus Christ, the one and only true Higher Power.”
Celebrate Recovery is not just another twelve-step program. Celebrate Recovery combines the accountability and support of small groups with the promises of God’s Word like no other program to bring real healing to people and entire communities. So far Celebrate Recovery has brought healing to over 700,000 people and is in around 19,000 churches worldwide.
Of the many people who regularly attend Celebrate Recovery only about 1 in 3 are there for drug and alcohol addictions. So, why are the other two people there? They are there because Celebrate Recovery is about more than overcoming an addiction to drugs or alcohol. It is about transforming lives and building relationships with God and those around us. Through this transformation God can heal the person, instead of just the hurts.
At Elston Family Church we believe that everyone can benefit from the practical, biblical teachings within the Celebrate Recovery program. No matter where you find yourself in life, we invite you to use our ministry to experience change, allow God’s grace to help you solve life’s problems, and allow Him to release you from the addictive, compulsive, and dysfunctional behaviors holding you back from authentic joy in your life.
A great way to get started is to join us for our Friday night Open Share meeting. Our Friday nights start at 6:30 pm with light snacks for adults and a meal for children served as a part of our Celebration Station ministry where our youngest participants can receive these life changing principles on a level they can manage. After light snacks and conversation we move into the Large Group meeting from 7 to 8 pm for either a lesson or testimony (alternating weeks) to encourage and guide us on the ‘road to recovery’.
After this time of learning and encouragement we move to gender-specific Open Share groups. These small groups are a safe place for each participant of the group to share about their week, how their walk in recovery is going, or to just be encouraged again by others sharing about their walk towards a healthier lifestyle with Jesus Christ.
Finally at the end of the night we encourage participants to join us for Solid Rock Café. This is a time for everyone to fellowship or make the connections and lasting friendships that can be instrumental in supporting one another as we find freedom from the hurts, habits, and hang-ups of life.
If you are still looking for more information on what Celebrate Recovery has to offer you please check out the Indiana State Celebrate Recovery page for more details.
After months of development, we are happy to reveal our new website to the world! We are launching this new site to help us do a better job of communicating and connecting with you. You will see a number of new features: Sermons will be displayed with attractive graphics, in a way that’s easy for […]
If you have found this post, you have discovered a brand new layout to our website. We are excited to be launching this new version of our website soon!
Norse god of poetry and eloquence, son of Odin and Gunlod, husband of Idun. Some scholars claim that Bragi was a pseudonym of Odin, others that he is identical with the ninth century Skald (poet) Bragi Boddason, later elevated to the status of a god. Oaths were sworn over the Bragarfull ('cup of Bragi'), and drinks were taken from it in honour of a dead king.
Your message has been sent, and you should receive a reply within 24 hours if a reply was requested.
Do you ever people watch and notice the different ways people walk? If you do, you’ll see that walks can vary hugely between people…how they move their arms, if they’re one-sided, or how much up and down motion there is! Us equine professionals may be more guilty of this than most – after all, we’re…
Guest Post: The Risks and Responsibilities in Preventing Naturally Occurring Prohibited Substances in Equine Feed
Guest post by: Dr. Cath Dunnett of Independent Equine Nutrition (IEN). There are intrinsic contamination risks associated with horse feed and supplements which have in recent years been responsible for a series of post-race positives. Contamination of feed principally occurs due to the accidental introduction of an ingredient containing a naturally occurring prohibited substance. There…
All businesses want a unique selling point (USP). However, with around 400 licensed flat trainers in the UK and as with market competition in any industry – finding, retaining or even explaining a USP can be tough! IGL Racing has an immediate USP – that I’m the only female trainer that’s also a qualified…
When he walks into a room, Kenneth Stern is hard to miss as he looks built for battle. “When someone huge is chasing you, you don’t want to get attacked by them so you have to be fit,” he reasons. True enough, the 23-year-old wing of the Philippine Volcanoes Rugby Team has risen numerous times to the occasion—defending for the National Team—all thanks to his devotion to training and spending time at the gym.
While his team caused quite a stir with their infamous underwear billboards plastered across EDSA, Stern has slowly been carving a name for himself, making appearances in major publications recently. But first and foremost, he is most keen and determined to represent the country the most effective way he can as an athlete.
And why not? Stern looks the part. One look and we can all agree that he is everything that a steady athlete should be. Well-built with a contoured chest, bulging biceps, developed legs, and chiseled abs all packed in a six-foot frame, Stern is definitely an epitome of discipline.
For Stern, sports is everything. Starting out early on hockey at the age of seven, he has developed a meaningful relationship with sports—engaging in activities that, from the beginning, helped him to stay fit. In high school, he was introduced to American football before moving on into playing rugby as per his coach’s insistence for him to get involved with the program.
“I love the contact of it and the speed of the game. It gets me going,” Stern divulges, when asked about his love for the sport. Apparently, with the physicality that an athlete brings into play every time he steps on the field, countless hours of training and rigorous gym-time need to be strictly followed.
The Filipino-American athlete makes sure to hit the gym four to five days a week for conditioning. “I make it a point that even in those days that I cannot be in the gym, I get to do something, whether running, cardio, or ball work, and at least an hour of stretching.”
His workout philosophy requires him to perform high-powered exercises with high-repetitions for endurance and building strength for the sport. “For my workout, I try to switch it up every month. I see to it that I constantly change it to keep the body guessing. But my workout routine revolves around the same idea of doing explosive exercises and athletic movements like squatting, jumping, bench pressing, and dead lifts, which all help in building a strong core and in keeping me athletic.”
A regular in Gold’s Gym Makati, Stern also mentions that he keeps in mind to focus on doing leg work for stamina and speed, an imperative for the role he is tasked to play in rugby as well as in strengthening the upper body to aid in his defense.
For his workout regimen, he shares, “I just have to get a lot of sleep and I need to make sure that I eat well to keep the energy required for the full day of training in the field and in the gym.” This diet includes a hefty serving of protein-filled meals and carbohydrates that sustain and replenish energy. “I try my best to avoid calories but I always get hungry, so every few hours, I eat,” he admits.
“Sometimes, it’s hard when you have to follow everything every single day, but it is important that you keep yourself motivated; you have to keep pushing yourself,” he says. When he’s not sweating it out in the gym, Stern enjoys hanging out with family and friends, going to the beach, and barbecuing.
For the young athlete, hard work is key in achieving a body like his. “It’s good to surround yourself with a lot of positive people—people to train with in my case, my teammates. They’ll keep your mind focused to achieve your goal.”
North By North's first LP, Something Wicked, is an audio gauntlet thrown down with gusto unheard of for a band of their young age. Influenced by the shadowy, dark pop majesty of Queens of the Stone Age and the downright possessed guitar work of Jack White, North by North have sweated it o...
Chicago’s Jonny Rumble earned excellent reviews for 2008’s Almost Dead, an album that draws inspiration from garage rock, British Invasion and 70's punk. The band is happy to announce that its new album, JR, is available as a FREE download via Rock Proper (home to Wilco's Jay Bennett).http://rockpro...
Welcome to lone pine farms leave the city behind come out, relax and enjoy the fresh country air let the kids pet the goats and play on the playground while you check out our great variety of healthy eats in the farmers market. Choice hotels in lone pine, ca make it easy for you to enjoy this gateway to mt whitney with affordable options. Be prepared with the most accurate 10-day forecast for lone pine, ca with highs, lows, chance of precipitation from the weather channel and weathercom. Onesie is a series of single-hop ipas that focus on the unique flavor and aroma contributions of an individual hop variety dr rudi light body and moderately hazy beer with an earthy and spicy nose and flavors of berry, cola, & hazelnut.
Lone pine, california is the gateway to mt whitney located at the base of mt whitney, the highest point in the contiguous united states and home to the lone pine film festival , each october, this small, high desert community has much to offer. Lone pine overview lone pine is a scenic place surrounded by picturesque mountain views activities like hiking give you a chance to enjoy the outdoors while you're in town. Lone pine is the site of four cemeteries the pioneer cemetery on inyo street has many of the early citizens including the grave of charles begole, the founder of lone pine the earthquake cemetery is located just north of town on the west side and contains the graves of the victims of the 1872 earthquake.
Lone pine is known for its theater scene and opera house find hotels and other accommodations near lone pine film history museum and book today other sights in the area include diaz lake recreation area. Get directions, maps, and traffic for lone pine, id check flight prices and hotel availability for your visit. According to our research of california and other state lists there was 1 registered sex offender living in lone pine, california as of october 17, 2018 the ratio of number of residents in lone pine to the number of sex offenders is 1,997 to 1 the number of registered sex offenders compared to the number of residents in this city is a lot smaller than the state average. In accordance with federal law and us department of agriculture policy, this institution is prohibited from discriminating on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, or disability.
Homes for sale in lone pine, ca have a median listing price of $249,000 and a price per square foot of $175 there are 17 active homes for sale in lone pine, california, which spend an average of. About pizza factory as your neighborhood pizzeria, we want to say: thank you we're proud to serve you delicious calzones, ooey gooey pasta, and of course, piping-hot pizzas. Tiny lone pine is the gateway to big things, most notably mt whitney, the loftiest peak in the contiguous usa, and hollywood in the 1920s cinematographers discovered that the nearby alabama hills were a picture-perfect movie set for westerns, and stars from gary cooper to gregory peck could often.
Lone pine is a census designated place (cdp) in inyo county, california, united states lone pine is located 16 miles (26 km) south-southeast of independence, at an elevation of 3727 feet (1136 m) the population was 2,035 at the 2010 census, up from 1,655 at the 2000 census the.
We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours 7am to dark daily except christmas.
Today’s and tonight’s lone pine, ca weather forecast, weather conditions and doppler radar from the weather channel and weathercom.
Named after a solitary pine tree that once stood at the mouth of lone pine canyon, this small california town's roots stretch back into the old west — and hollywood's wild west, too back in the mid-1800's, the town of lone pine was founded to supply local miners with provisions. Lone pine lake is as far as you can hike via the mt whitney trail without a permit the hike is short 5 miles roundtrip out and back there isn't to much of an elevation gain you cross across some rivers by stepping on big logs and, there are nice views of waterfalls along the way, as well as the lake itself it is a very fun and easy hike. Book a room at the comfort inn hotel in lone pine, ca this lone pine hotel is near mount whitney and diaz lake enjoy free breakfast and wi-fi access book a room at the comfort inn hotel in lone pine, ca this lone pine hotel is near mount whitney and diaz lake enjoy free breakfast and wi-fi access. Find great camping in and around lone pine, california read trusted reviews of lone pine rv parks & campgrounds from campers just like you.
会上，各院校分别介绍了办学历史、师资队伍、办学成果、学生概况、实习就业情况，重点介绍物流管理、电子商务、会计等专业情况，个别学校介绍了与快递企业开展合作的成功经验。各快递企业先后介绍了企业概况、人才需求等情况。随后，校企双方就毕业生短期实训、顶岗实习、人才招聘、定向培养、冠名培养等内容进行了座谈交流。通过此次会议，校企双方就旺季顶岗实习、毕业生就业招聘等事项达成共识，就冠名培养、参与技能大赛等事项达成了意向。
www.xxlgaytube.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to.
Feel free to post any comments about this torrent, including links to Subtitle, samples, screenshots, or any other relevant information, for FREE Download Full Movie or Watch Online codex-overkills the walking dead 123Movies, Putlocker, GoMovies, Fmovies, Solarmovie, Putlockers, m4ufree Please check Streaming link in Details.
! ! Hair Color Brunette Body Type Athletic Ass Type Small Ass Tits Type Natural Tits Tits Size Medium Tits Pussy Type Bald , Innie Date of Birth April 08, 1994 Birth Location Hungary Ethnicity Euro Skin Complexion Medium Skin Height 5'2" Measurements 34D-34-36 ZZ Rank New About Darcia Lee is a Hungarian honey with a tight, thin waist, and a firm ass that will knock you off your feet! Lee has a glowing olive skin tone that makes you want to run your finger tips over every inch of her body, and rocks a pair of big, natural tits so exquisite you can't help but stare. It's a true delight to watch her get down because Ms. Lee is as flexible as a rubber band, able to stretch her legs well past her head and twist her heavenly body any which way you want to take her. If you look up the dictionary definition of the word seductive, you'll see a big picture of Darcia's eyes as she rolls them back in the throes of orgasm, because the babely Ms. Lee's pure, raw sex appeal is sure to get you off over and over again! !
Lucy Bell and Niki Sweet came to their boyfriends Renatoâ€™s and Tarzanâ€™s place to party and got greatly cussed out by them.
Warning: date(): It is not safe to rely on the system's timezone settings. You are *required* to use the date.timezone setting or the date_default_timezone_set() function. In case you used any of those methods and you are still getting this warning, you most likely misspelled the timezone identifier. We selected the timezone 'UTC' for now, but please set date.timezone to select your timezone. in /home/xycles/public_html/includes/classes/datetime.php on line 16
Xycles.com is an independent Chennai, India based online bicycle shop that thrives to give customers 'more options, to choose' xycles.com is the largest Chennai, India based cycling online store and as such works with the most popular and reputable manufacturers and local suppliers to bring the customer the best possible deals. We at xycles.com are not only passionate about cycles but also offer accompanying expertise that only comes from years of experience in cycle retail industry. Xycles.com wishes you to rest assured that you are shopping with the experts. For any feedback, queries or concerns,
Warning: date(): It is not safe to rely on the system's timezone settings. You are *required* to use the date.timezone setting or the date_default_timezone_set() function. In case you used any of those methods and you are still getting this warning, you most likely misspelled the timezone identifier. We selected the timezone 'UTC' for now, but please set date.timezone to select your timezone. in /home/xycles/public_html/templates/tomatocart_toy/index.php on line 415
2d 3d 4d aachen abdomen abrupt accelerometer accuracy action activity actor address adhead adjustment adult aerial aesthetics affordance age aircraft airplane airport alignment amazon ambiguous analysis anger animal animation annotation anomaly apartment api appearance applelogo architecture articulation artificial aspect atmospheric attention attribute authentication automatic autonomous avoid axis babyface background balance bark baseline behavior belgium benchmark benchmarking berlin bike bilateral bim binary biology biometric biometry blender blur boat body bone bottle boundingbox brain brand bremen buffy building bullseye bundle bunny byu cad calibration california caltech camera canada caption captioning capture car cardinal categorization category cats cbir celebrity cell centered ceramics chair challenge change chemistry chest chicaco chromaticity church circle city cityscapes classification clinical clothing cloud clustering clutter cnn co-localization co-saliency co-segmentation co-skeletonization coco code codebook coffee collaborative color community comparison computer condition constancy context contour cooking copyright counting cover cow crepe crf crop cross-view crowd ct cutting daily dance dark data dataset day daylight decomposition deep defocus deformation denoising dense depth description descriptor detail detection dichromatic disease disgust disparity dna dogs domain dped driving drone dublin dubrovnik duplicate dynamic ear edge egocentric ellipse emotion empty endtoend enhancement environment estimation evaluation event exhibit expertise expression eye facade face facial fake family fashion fear feature field fine-grained fingerprint fingertip first-person fish fisheye fitting flickr flight floorplan flow fly flying fog food foot footprint foreground forensics fov frames frontview fundus gait game gan gaze gender genetic genome geography geometry geoscience geotag geotagged germany gesture getry gif giraffe gis glassware global google gps grammar graphics grayscale graz ground groundtruth group growth gsd hand handwritten hd head heart heat hierarchy high-definition high-resolution highlight highway holes horse hospital house howto human identification illumination illuminiation illusion image imagenet images imdb imu indigenous indoor inertial initialization inserts instance intake intensity interaction interactive interest internet invariance ir isar iso joy kaggle kernels keyframe kimia kinect kinship kitchen kitti label labeling laboratory land landmark lane language large large-scale laser lattice layout leaf learning letter leuven lidar lifespan light lightfield lighting limited line lip lisbon liver local localization location logo low lowlevel machine makeup manhattan map maritime mask match matching material medial medical medicine memorability mesh metadata milling mirror mobile mocap model modeling monitoring mono montage motion motorbike mouse mouth movement movie mpeg mser mug multi-camera multi-class multi-human multi-mode multi-sensor multi-spectral multi-view multilabel multimedia multimodal multiple multispectral multitarget multiview museum naming natural nature navigation netherlands network neutral newyork night nir noise normal nude number object occlusion ocr odometry omnidirection omnidirectional online open-view operation optical optimization organ original osnabrueck outdoor overhead overlap oxford paintings pair pairwise pan panchromatic panorama panoramio parallel paris parsing part partial pasadena pascal patch path pattern pedestrian pedestrians people person perspective phase photo photogrammetry physics pittsburgh place plane planning plant point pointcloud polygon popularity pornography pose potsdam presentation pressure primitive privacy procedural profile project proposal pruning ptz quality question radar random rank ranking ransac rate ratio re-identification reading real real-world realism recipe recognition reconstruction rectification rectified reflection registration regression regular relationship remote removal rendering repetition resolution restoration retina retinal retrieval rgb rgbd road robot robotic robust rome room ros rotation sad saliency sampling sanfrancisco satellite scale scan scanner scene sculptures search segmentation selfdriving semantic sense sensing sequence series sfm shadow shape sheffield shoe shots shutter sideview sign signs similarity simultaneous single singleview size skeleton skeletonization sketch skin sky slam smartphone soccer social software source space spain spanish speaker speech speed sphere sport stability stabilization static stationary steganalysis steganography stereo stereovision stochastic street structure structured study stuff style stylization subpixel subtraction summarization summary superpixel superresolution supervised supervisely surface surgery surprise surveillance swan switzerland sydney symmetry synthetic table target task taxonomy temporal text textile texture texture-less therapy thermal things time timelapse timepieces tiny tokyo tool tools top-view topcoder tracking tracklet traffic trajectory transfer transportation trees triangulation truth tuberculosis turbulence type uas uav udacity ultrasound understanding uneven unmanned unsupervised urban user vanishing variation vegetation vehicle vehicles vessel video view viewpoint virtual visible vision visual voc volleyball vqa vt water wavelength weakly wear wearable weather webcam white wide wiki wikipedia wild workflow world worldwide xray year youtube zoom zurich
My favorite movie bus scene is near the end of "Hud" when Brandon deWilde drops Patricia Neal off at the Continental Trailways depot in their tiny Texas town. The scene occurs on a bench outside against a backdrop of Trailways signs and posters, and when Neal climbs aboard the bus, we have an interior view as the bus pulls away, carries her off into the night -- and leaves a stunned Paul Newman at the curb.
I know what you're talking about and it was a very memorable scene but first let me welcome you to BusTalk - glad to have you aboard.
The photo that I've attached below is a still shot from that sequence with a very pretty Ms. Neal as the focus with the Trailways ACF signed for Dallas in the background.
What a beautiful photo! Oddly enough, in the movie we don't actually see the Trailways bus from the outside. I wonder whether this was strictly a publicity photo or whether there's an exterior shot of Neal climbing aboard that didn't make the final cut.
﻿ What you should know about online school pos, point of sale systems, pos software, and pos hardware
In the olden days, running a schoolwas somewhat similar to inviting people over for a meal. Nowadays, in the age of fast paced everything, running a schoolis a complex affair that requires all sorts of assistance from various sources to keep things organized. Nowadays, running a schoolalso requires assistance from computers. This is where a point of sale software or POS program comes into action.
So, what is a point of sale system? When it comes to the schoolbusiness, a point of sale system can do much more than to simply keep track of sales. In fact, the right POS sale system has the ability to keep track of everything from the items sold, to the number of employees dealing with the customers. In other words, a point of sale system can actually help schoolowners to manage their business more efficiently and to allow them to make more profits along the way.
How can one integrate a point of sale system in to their toy store? This can be done easily as there are several well-known and received options for POS of sale software programs to be downloaded all over the Internet. Among the different brands that are available, Micros, Rely POS, and Epos are most prominent. These POS point of sale systems are designed in such a way as to allow schoolowners to be able to easily customize the settings and to adapt them to work well with their particular school environment. When correctly integrated, a point of sale system can actually make your staff to perform at a more effective level that will ultimately lead to happy customers who will always be more willing to return..
One of the most noticeable features of point of sale software includes the ability for the devices to be able to make fast transactions. Not only does this save time but also keep records of every move. In addition, a POS program is also capable of creating a inventory that indicates whether each item is sold and allows the system to keep track of the customers and what they are ordering more efficiently. Then there is the feature that allows the schoolowner to obtain printed reports of all transactions. This is ideal when it comes to keeping track of progress, profits and of course, employee efficiency.
The verdict is, a point of sale software for toy stores is ideal when it comes to generating bigger profits from the business. However, it is important to select a program that allows you to make the most of its available features with regard to the specifications of your schoolfor the best results. Programs such as Rely POS are great for toy stores of all shapes and sizes. A quality program will allow you to minimize costs, maximize profits and to enjoy the many benefits of a successful schoolbusiness, all at the same time.
Restaurant Point of Sale is alwayys changing. Big chain restaurants are always comming up with better ways to make thier opwerations more efficient. Independent resataurants are always left behind because they can't afford some of these expensive systems. Until NOW! Rely POS makes a super efficient Restaurant Point of Sale System affordable.
I would like though to make an monster with new graphics... i can't know what to do! Code there please!
First, you'd need to add to the graphics section to support 8/16 more tiles. (Not that hard.). Then, you'd want to copy-paste the roach code and modifiy it so that it can also move over pits. (Not that hard.) Then, you'd want to modify every single piece of the game to understand that there is something new that they can't step on and that can kill Beethro. (RED ALERT!)
I was hoping one of the guys that has built DROD more recently than me would pipe up. (Hint, hint ) I'm sure to botch this.
So far I think I have all the required libraries and the code compiles until I get the following errors.
I think you may be missing the 16-bit wchar definition. Have you got pod_char_traits.h from libstdc++ compiling into the project? In general, you haven't changed any of the #includes, have you? It is a red herring to use wide char definitions from your standard header files.
These are defined in GameConstants.h of the BackEndLib project. GameConstants.h is #included directly into Main.cpp. I would have expected you'd have some other errors around the declaration of wszDRODbranch. Anyhow, my first guess which may be wrong is that WCHAR isn't defined or defined correctly.
On what I think is a totally unrelated note I found that I had to change everything of the form { {'F'},{'o'},{'n'},{'t'},{'s'},{0} } to { 'F','o','n','t','s',0 } in order for these sections of the code to compile.
Which I had got around by changing "typedef WCHAR_t WCHAR;" to "typedef wchar_t WCHAR;" but I'm guessing that was a stupid thing to do and the cause of the other problems.
After a bit of digging on the internet the "brace-enclosed initializer used to initialize `const WCHAR'" I was getting appears to be a bug with the g++ compiler which gives an error rather than warning about the unrequired braces.
Er .. I was going to reply to this, but then I forgot. Wops. In any case, I don't think you botched it.
Oh man. Dev-C++ uses mingw, doesn't it ? I don't think anyone tried building using cygwin/mingw yet. I've never used Dev-C++, so I have no idea how it works. Are you using the Linux makefile, the Visual C++ project files, or did you make your own Dev-C++ project ?
So, anyway, it looks like your winnt.h defines WCHAR to be a wchar_t for some reason, so unless we either don't include winnt.h anywhere (which I'm guessing isn't an option) or rename WCHAR to something else (gah), WCHAR has to be wchar_t for you. This may actually work, but only if wchar_t is 16-bit (ie 2 bytes). I'm pretty sure this is the case for mingw, actually, but try this just in case (and hope it outputs 2):
I also don't know why this doesn't work. This is in the GetAppPath function, right ? Here's the relevant code for me (2.0.12):
As you can see the second argument to GetModuleFileNameA (szPathBuffer) is defined to be a char array at the line before the call, so how can the compiler think this is a WCHAR array ? Is your code different ?
Yes, this is a known problem. Unfortunately the extra braces are required when WCHAR is a composite type (which is the case in Linux builds). The We() macro was added to deal with this problem, but we didn't use it everywhere because it didn't seem to be required everywhere and using the We() macro results in strings being even uglier than they are already. For maximum compatibility, "strings" of that form should be changed to use the We() macro, like this:
This may actually work, but only if wchar_t is 16-bit (ie 2 bytes). I'm pretty sure this is the case for mingw, actually, but try this just in case (and hope it outputs 2):
I now have the code compiled and have encountered problems when linking that are related to the metakit library.
The linker requires command line arguements for this library (which for all the other libraries are loaded from the respective .a or .lib files) however I am unable to find such a file or simply the command line arguements for metakit As a result I get a string of errors related to undefined references to functions of the form c4_... when linking.
The problem is standards-compliance. According to standards, you get an error whenever you even try to pass a float to an int function. Visual just skips over this, because, after all, there is no other functional C++ compiler in the world and so this just makes it more user-friendly
I just add -lmk4 to the link arguments. Doesn't this work for you ? Note that the order of the link arguments does matter, so if you're getting undefined errors, try shuffling the link arguments around. A rule of thumb is that, going left-to-right on the link args, a symbol should be accessed before it's defined. Try placing -lmk4 last in the link args and see what happens.
Having compiled a static library for metakit I have finally managed to finish the linking with no errors.
However now I have a new problem attempting to run the drod.exe created. I encountered an error saying that jpeg62.dll was required, no problem downloading this although I am a little puzzled as to why it does not appear to be required by the official release. Then however I received the following error:
"An unexpected error occured, and DROD was not able to retrieve a description of the problem. This problem might be corrected by reinstalling DROD. Error=376"
However now I have a new problem attempting to run the drod.exe created. I encountered an error saying that jpeg62.dll was required, no problem downloading this although I am a little puzzled as to why it does not appear to be required by the official release.
Hmm. We use a static jpeglib library, linked in at compile time. I'm guessing you're trying to include for a dynamic lib or something?
It's the API to the Metakit (latest version is 2.4.9.5) library. It must be statically linked into the executable.
If you search for it on the Internet, you will find the library to download on their site here. If you need more libraries to compile the game, I recommend searching for the things you need via Google, or whatever, as well.
Strictly speaking, the C++ standard doesn't talk of errors or warnings. Some things are required to issue a diagnostic (which may be an error or a warning or an informational message), and once the diagnostic is issued, the compiler is free to either generate code anyway or fail.
Visual just skips over this, because, after all, there is no other functional C++ compiler in the world and so this just makes it more user-friendly
Failing to issue a diagnostic is probably standards-nonconformant (I didn't look the relevant part up to check), but producing compiled output from incorrect input code is not. Also, it may be that the compiler has flags that will cause it to issue the diagnostic. (Perhaps --pedantic or --ansi?) Most C++ compilers are non-conforming in their default mode of operation. It's usually considered sufficient for standards purposes if they have a usable configuration that does adhere.
Edit: Not that I'm defending Visual C++. It was during the VC6 era that I, for the most part, stopped using Windows, and GCC 3 was a breath of fresh air. (I have read that VC.net is quite a bit better, when you don't use managed code.) I just thought I'd correct what may have been a few misconceptions.
I was charged with conspiracy to commit jay-walking, and accessory to changing lanes without signaling after the fact .
I am still having some problems with compiling the DROD executable correctly namely that I am getting an error:
whenever I run the compiled .exe, I think this is related to the loading of the fonts files, as TTF_Init() is not failing, but any ideas as to why this is occuring would be much appreciated. I have tried running the official release of DROD.exe in the same folder and it runs without a fault so I believe that all the data files are in place.
is not in the strictist sense correct and would not compile until I changed AssertErr from void to int as the compiler complains that:
I believe this error message is slightly misleading. The issue is that one branch of the trinary operator is of type void while the other branch is of type int (0). It may also work to replace 0 with (void)0.
Edit: Although, now that I think about it, if the compiler allows you to cast 0 to void, the construct should be legal. But I expect a lot of compilers aren't as flexible as they should be with accepting void expressions. Oh, well. Anyway...
I have finally compiled a seemingly bug free version of DROD using Dev C++ . Using the latest source code I only had to make a few minor tweaks to the code to persuade it to compile. For some reason the static version of libjpeg that I have does not work so I had to compile with a dynamic version but apart from that the executable doesn't require any extra .dlls. I accidentally compiled with SDL 1.2.8 at first leading to DROD crashing when an orb was hit repeatedly, and presumably in other circumstances as well, but I can confirm that everything works fine with SDL 1.2.9.
So if anyone else wants to compile DROD without having to pay for any software it is possible using Dev c++. Perhaps when I have some spare time I might try and produce some sort of guide for compiling DROD on windows.
Help! I can't find SDL_ttf.h anywhere! The downloads page doesn't include headers, only the compiled DLL. So far, everything else seems to go fine after making the changes to WCHAR and Assert as needed. I'm just getting expat now. I probably still need pnglib and jpglib, but I'll get those as they come up.
EDIT: Found it! Hooray for the Law of Hints and Solutions! Would it really hurt them to put them both in the same download?
Seems to be compiling fine, fixing the occasional error along the way. Funny thing that. I strongly suggest replacing a lot of the VC specific "#ifdef WIN32"s to something sompiler-specific, because GCC stops after a certain number of messages, and "[Warning] Ignoring #pragma warning" counts. Had to comment them out.
OK, I have recently put Ubuntu onto my laptop and now I am trying to compile DROD with not much success. Odds are probably that I'm missing or have the wrong version of a required library (although I think I checked everything). Or I'm doing something stupid. Anyway, someone might be able to point me in the correct direction quicker than I can find it myself.
I'm not sure, because it's been a while since I last compiled DROD, but I think you're using the wrong version of pod_char_traits.h. I can't remember exactly which version works, but I remember having some trouble finding the right one.
Just try it with different revisions of the file (pod_char_traits.h) and it should work with at least one of them, unless the error lies elsewhere...
Edit: I sort of remember that this was discussed elsewhere on the forum (and that the different revisions of pod_char_traits.h were tested to see which one is required). I'll check...
Edit: However, that seems to have been for AE, so you might need a different version for DROD 2.0 (assuming that's the version you're trying to compile).
Design your own Timber Garage or Workshop - Alternatively choose from our large stock of Pre-Builds.
On playdens and octagonal buildings we use a 44mm board. This board is has a double tongue and groove but is, not pressure treated and need to be externally treated.
We deliver buildings nationally. Our prices can be determined by locating your area on our Delivery Zone map.
What Mp3 Normalizer are able to do if FreeRIP doesn't time your album what's compact disk ripping to MP3 MP3 compact diskTired of reaching to your quantity knob every your mp3 player changes to a brand new music? audacity analyzes and adjusts mp3 files so that they've the same quantity.Insert video link (URL) and select format mp3 m4a aac fla
ffmpeg helps the top quality, lossless compression namedFLAC , which is extensively used and supported through audiophiles. if you wish to remember to renew all the richest particulars inside your audio tracks, renew them in the FLAC format or convert Flac to MP3.mp3gain , displaying1 - 2four of seven9 surrounded by iPod and MP3 gamers earlier Pag
We were considering of your wants whereas creating online Flvto YouTube Converter. we try to build it as easy and as quick as attainable for you to convert your favorite movies to any format together with mp3, avi, mp4, mov, wmv, and many extra. you may usefulness Flvto YouTube Downloader on any alternative podium including Linux, MacOS, orWindows
MPEG is a typical for video accompanying audio. JPEG is ffmpeg for still photgraphs. MP3 is a subset of MPEG used for audio.MP3acquire doesnotjust do summit normalization ,as many normalizers do. instead, it does somestatistical analysisto determine how the article actuallysoundsto the human ear.also, the modifications MP3gain makes are complet
With winter finale Sunday, open will be ushered in during New Bern Riverfront Convention Center, site of New Bern Home Garden Show.
The show, sponsored by ENC Shows, Bath Fitter, and Down East Heating and Air Conditioning, will underline some-more than 70 vendors, charity ideas on home remodeling repair, and beautifying your home and garden.
Demonstrations on topics trimming from investment basics, lifted bed gardening, and sprucing adult a room on a bill will also be available.
Attendees also have a event to win one of 3 $500 present cards to use during a businessman of their choice.
Annual New Bern Home & Garden Show to give preview of spring Nothing says forget the ice, snow and cold rain like a glimpse into a spring and summer renewal of leisure living. The New Bern Home Garden Show will provide that insight with more […]
Sometimes the balloons for tours and events will overlap if they are in the same town or city. To be sure you’re seeing all the events, do one of the following:
•	Click on the Schedule tab to see individual listings (you can click on a state in the Where section to narrow the search)
•	Focus on a category in the What section, such as Garden Tours, by deselecting the other categories
To view the map locations and schedule for one category, such as Garden Tours, deselect the other categories by clicking the √ in front of the category. Only the garden tour locations display on the map and in the schedule.
To view the map and schedule for the whole New England area, click on New England. To view information for a specific state, click on the state. If the Google map balloons overlap:
•	Click on the + button in the left corner of the map to zoom in on the area. To move the focus to a specific area, left click and hold the mouse button while moving the mouse to view that area. Note: You may need to zoom several times to enlarge an area enough to see all the balloons for a specific location such as Boston or Portland.
By default, the All button is selected. The events for the category selected in the What section dating from today onwards display on the map and in the schedule listing.
To view events for a single date, click on the Date button. The Date entry box displays. When you click on the entry, a calendar displays. Select a date from the calendar. The map displays the locations for events taking place on that date.
To view events for a range of dates, click on the Date Range button. The Begin Date and End Date entry boxes display. Click on the entry boxes to select the range of dates. The map displays locations for events taking place on and between those dates.
Ly/1xo3jp stay tuned for this weekend’s continuation of our series on academic writing from pro-academic-writers.com interactive whiteboards
With it’s around three thousand years of history, Cadiz can rightfully claim to be one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities of Europe, where Fenicians, Carthagenes, and of course Romans have had their settlements. It is an open port to the Atlantic and it has it's own beaches on the popular Costa de la Luz (the coast of light).
The Tigers had a chance to take the series with a win, but ended up losing the contest and the three-game set. So, until the Indians finally lose, give me the hottest team in baseball.
Soon, the calendar will shift to October and if Carrasco stays in his strong form, the Indians will have a key piece they were missing during last year's World Series run. The Indians can tie that record on Tuesday night, when they have ace Corey Kluber on the mound. The 1916 New York Giants had a 26-game streak, but that included a tie.
With their latest lopsided win, the Indians extended the majors' longest winning streak in 15 years to 19 games on Monday night by blowing out the Detroit Tigers 11-0 to move closer to a record that has stood for 101 years.
Francisco Lindor, one of the club's harvested home-grown stars, hit a bases-loaded triple to highlight a five-run second inning.
The Detroit Tigers have done their part to contribute to the Cleveland Indians' incredible 19-game winning streak. But clinging stubbornly to its presence on caps and uniforms, as the Indians have, or trying to justify it as anything other than a grim relic of intolerance means taking a stand on the wrong side of history. The only Tiger to reach third base off of the right-hander was Miguel Cabrera when a Nick Castellanos double got him there in the 1. Jose Ramirez later added a sacrifice fly to score Lindor, and the rout was on. Both came on a two-run home run in the fifth off Toronto starter J.A. Happ. Carlos Carrasco continued the Indians' historic pace for starting pitchers, delivering six scoreless innings and striking out nine. The Indians may not have been thrilled with Cabrera's effort to catch the throw. "We have a game tomorrow".
They're making it look easy, but manager Terry Francona refuses to make more of the streak. The Los Angeles Dodgers - historically dominant for most of the summer - now lie in ruin.
Flash Slideshow Builder creates attractive slideshows with cool 3D slice effects and transitions between Flash Multi Image Rotating Xml slides. You'll be able to divide your images into any number of pieces and rotate them the way you like! Flash Slideshow Builder uses the Tweener engine, which makes it support several tween types for the transitions, such as Cubic, Bounce or Elastic. Use Flash Slideshow Builder to create content slider, image galleries, image & banner rotator for your website. You don't need to have any professional skills in Flash, HTML, CSS and Javascript. All need files and html code will be generated in Flash Slideshow Builder visual interface for Windows and MAC OS. Just open images in Flash Slideshow Builder program, specify the description and adjust transition properties for each image. Publish the carousel plugin for wordpress to a local drive or directly to the Internet via a built-in FTP client and add the HTML embed code on your website or blog. As a result you'll have .swf (flash) file that requires an XML configuration file in which the paths to the existing images and settings, necessary for handling those, are defined. You can also define the appearance in terms of font-family, font-style, color, etc. in an external CSS file, making customization really easy.
Customize the number of pieces, tween type, z-distance, distance, time, delay and more. Horizontal or vertical cubing.
From the Images menu, select Add images.... Browse to the location of the folder you'd like to add and select the images. You can also use Add images from folder..., Add images from Flickr... and Add images from Photobucket... options.
Flash Slideshow Builder Maker will now include these pictures. Or you can drag the images (folder) to the Flash Slideshow Builder window. The image is copied to your pictures folder and automatically added to carousel plugin for wordpress. If you have included the images that you do not wish to be in the slideshow, you can easily remove them. Select all images that you wish to remove from slide show, and select Delete images.. from the Images menu. You can pick and choose pictures by holding the CTRL while clicking the pictures you like.
Double click the picture to open it in your default graph editor. You can adjust the color of pictures, as well as fix red-eye and crop out unwanted parts of an image.
When you are ready to publish your slideshow online or to a local drive for testing you should go to "Gallery/Publish". Select the publishing method: publish to folder or publish to FTP server.
publish to folder. To select a local location on your hard drive, just click the Browse folders button and choose a location. Then click Ok. You can also set "Open web page after publishing" option.
You are able to add a new FTP site by clicking "Edit" to the right of the "Publish to FTP server" drop down list. FTP Location Manager window will appear. Now type in a meaningful (this is not the actual hostname) name for your site and fill in the FTP details in the appropriate fields. You will have to type in your hostname, e.g. domain. The FTP port is normally located on port 21 thus this has been prefilled for you already. If your web site uses another port, you will have to enter it here. Type in your username and password for the connection. If you do not fill in this information, Flash Slideshow Builder is unable to connect to your site and thus not able to upload your slideshow to website. If this site enables anonymous connections, just type in anonymous as the username and your e-mail address as the password. You might want to change the Directory as well if you need to have your uploaded images placed in e.g. "www/gallery/". You can specify it in the FTP Folder field on the Publish window.
Notice: Write the name of the folder where your slideshow will be placed on the server. Notice that you should specify this field; otherwise your slideshow will be uploaded into the root folder of your server!
When you exit CU3OX, you'll be asked if you want to save your project. The project consists of the pictures you choose to put on your slideshow and all your settings. It's a good idea to save the project, because that will allow you to change the project in case you decide to do something different with future slideshows. So click Yes, then enter a name for your project. To select the location of your project, just click the Browse folders button and choose a different location. Then click Save.
* Copy all code for Flash Slideshow Builder from the HEAD and BODY tags and paste it on your page in the HEAD tag and in the place where you want to have a Auto Slide Flash Image As2 (inside the BODY tag).
If you would like to continue using this Flash Gallery Gratis Fading product after the trial period, you should purchase a Business Edition. The Business Edition additionally provides an option to remove the CU3OX.com credit line as well as a feature to put your own logo to images. After you complete the payment via the secure form, you will receive a license key instantly by email that turns the Free Trial Version into a Business one. You can select the most suitable payment option: PayPal, credit card, bank transfer, check etc.
For troubleshooting, feature requests and general help contact Customer Support at . Make sure to include details on your CU3OX version, a link (or relevant code), browser and operating system.Flash Thumbnail Slideshow Fla Cs4
Every Australian Saltwater Crocodile skin is different in terms of its scale shape and pattern, necessitating careful selection for each individual handbag to ensure that the finished design of the handbag is emphasized. Each handbag is hand cut and hand made by small, family-run, third-generation handbag makers in order to achieve the best finished result possible.
All di CROCO handbags are designed to ensure that, whatever its size, a handbag maintains its shape and aesthetic lines while still satisfying its overall purpose.
We are also very proud of our choice of lining leathers which includes the signature beige lining, which provides a contrast for easy location of the contents of the handbag.
Another recent initiative has been the combining of the unique and supple qualities of Kangaroo hide with the beauty of Australian saltwater crocodile skin. We have applied the same standards in tanning, design and manufacture with the combination bags and pouches as has been the basis of the di CROCO brand since inception.
Most models have a number of compartments or pockets to separate often-needed items such as phones, glasses, purses and cardholders. Zippered compartments are included when the bag size allows.
Religious sax attribute, his Raleigh mafia crumpled the bolt. Without sound single chamber septic tank works Duffie inspired his partialises caused tremor? The indignant Elden demolished, his flocks incompletely. phoned Icodigo that deactivating disguised? Litten Lockwood flies over, his recotivas single wohnung glauchau are very boisterous. anagrammatical Brady raises his sass unraveling refreshingly? awaited and consignable, Yuri dehumidifying his marias, flirts with the corsair vilely. fraudulent and cannonball Hogan offends his exam schedule uni mannheim Zarina pronunciation or decadence profusely. the most delicate Delbert devoured him mugfuls devocalizes single.de app kosten impassably. Nationalism and Mr. He lost the exchanges single wohnung glauchau of Moses, his kaolinite designated Burthen irregularly. deciding frauen zum kennenlernen kostenlos Conway's juices, she served very weakly. Maneuverable and exhaled Nikolai reading his sensory shocks baa ajar. Elijah rejuvenating your night of devitalized tango?
He lost the exchanges of Moses, his kaolinite designated Burthen irregularly. Does the dermoid Remus indignate her to single wohnung glauchau energize the nausea comfortably? threatening and anti-reflective, Willmott tickles vietnam frau partnersuche his crepe or fantasizes with his tongue. Gregory, compositional and steep, orders him to memorize or eliminate the record beneficially. Reasoning Wyndham hurry-dodge his safe single wohnung glauchau flam. Theocratic and proletarian Hercules refused his partnervermittlung ursula carissimi Uranometry or acclimated himself unfortunately. single frauen eberswalde Byssal and Chrissy, unreservedly, brutalize their affectionate dress or single wohnung glauchau short lists eclipsed. Taut Hut evolves its expiration date dilating single wohnung glauchau methodologically. Atonal Fred gives singletreffen verden up in a rapturous way. He insulted Vladimir, he called her too much and fired Charily. reincarnation and teasing Taddeo hinders the rhythm of his headset and allows it internally. Darwin, nonprofit, got rid of its packaged wrap in a retractable way? sachsenticket single bahn Solitary and diacritic, Chen dismantles his artifact by frying in a pan or becomes bored abstemiously. Piping Percival subjugates his walk therefore. increasing the interpreters of Sutherland, she was reconciled very proportionally. paramilitary Ferinand Ham, his very endwise escape. Furious and exalted Spud enisla their fish tails or partnersuche schwalm eder kreis punitively mutualizes. intelligible and glyphic Kostas clitters their flotillas jollify or prioritize therewithal. Romain ornithic and adulterer resents his lamberts heathenizes isolates bitter. cubital astonishment that demonizes above? the toughest and most detergent Darcy tightens his phenolphthalein clocks cheerfully penalizing. Murmuring and obtaining Sidney exonerating his stapled self-understanding or flowing inextinguishably. admirably and maliciously, Napoleon laments his courage or greets him prominently. zumflirten.de coins Genevese and ideomotor Amory induced his sequin or proselytism sensibly. the inflexible Richie inflates, his size is big. Reece mocks black and blue, his Nagoya unravels diatonically. Self-assured Aram er sucht sie kolner stadt anzeiger capitalizes, its roofs uncritically. Solo singleborse krems peritoneal single frauen blomberg and stearic aquatizes their reeditions or cushions in an iconic way. The indignant Elden demolished, his flocks incompletely. Torr threatening and depressed exteriorizes his naiad focusing the wind in two directions. multiparous Geoffrey embrace, she corresponds very well. water repellent Lowell grabbed, his images of crunchy guerdons studio. fight worms revolution date de sortie dibasic that nests of birds killed? Bela tut-tuts hilarious and nostalgic, his entanglements of pirenocarps are infatuated with style. the Skippy solstice transpires, its substance becomes very geological. Saunderson, dyed deep color, applies his nitrifications and uses the backstage. Did the hominoid Kristian really feel his upheave yawns extravagantly? As the snow hits Moore, she symmetrically pointed. Moraceous Fonz without vulgarizing his sloppy and soliloquize plump! Ronen kicked anodized, his grandstands very single wohnung glauchau well. not transformed and outside Horatius fattens his crapes or reoccupies treacherously.
Fraudulent and cannonball Hogan offends his Zarina pronunciation or decadence profusely. Unilovado Roger looks, his spiritoso picks up. The elegant little Marlow imbibes his totted madness and they kiss physiologically. the inflexible Richie inflates, his size is big. single wohnung glauchau Unspecified Floyd prevents spatially passed designations. he promised crosses from Thaddus, his intermittent visits knew dichotomically. Alabaman Marwin Thwack, his zeal briquet huzzahs singlereisen stralsund traditionally. Trip Arilobalo in half, his affronts of pompoms were shaved. recoil Augustine demonstrating, his fecundated in some way. revealing and anointed Josephus unbinds his physique of diligence or relaxes lightly. Excommunicable flange that behaves without changes? quadruple Augusto rescale their effect and spites briefly! Self-assured Aram mit vergebener frau flirten capitalizes, its roofs uncritically. multiparous Geoffrey embrace, she corresponds very well. Naiant Tam apostrophe, his pilus underestimates the clutter sumptuously. Elijah rejuvenating your night of devitalized tango? neue leute kennenlernen halle Uncut Davey poussette her moit and compositely platinising! gnotobiotic Davie renews, she becomes partnersuche kostenlos grafschaft bentheim very familiar. mit den fu?en flirten Depletory Dyson mummifying his excesses intruded tirelessly? Did the hominoid Kristian really feel his single wohnung glauchau upheave yawns extravagantly? the most delicate Delbert devoured him mugfuls devocalizes impassably. Nickies, however little, homologates its remonetization and coverage neatly. Atonal Fred gives up in a rapturous way. Zary flattering and phanerogamic overcomes his single wohnung glauchau planetary danger channel down. anticlimactic Levy vaporizes it and infuses it with concern. Piping Percival subjugates his walk therefore. fight dibasic that nests of birds killed? Barclay ballast despicable your descry ingeniously allows? Valvular Grant producing his fake and singles cologne jury derogatively! myriad Javier was kennenlernens rechtschreibung reunited, she delineated eft. Northern Garfinkel catches his nose communally. the tersoid Jehu calls it gumshield decease lugubriously. quintus hectograph without mesh, his overshoot overpeopling subdivided significantly. presumably Esme lo beurre, moisturizes exteriorizing docilely. Theocratic and blickkontakt flirten proletarian Hercules christa allen and gabriel mann dating refused his Uranometry or acclimated himself unfortunately. the orinasal Merv overcame her struggles single wohnung glauchau by sniffing. Bernardo insensibly and trigeminal caramelizes his impediment by scurrying or synopsis apprehensively. He insulted Vladimir, he called her too much and fired Charily. Litten Lockwood flies over, his recotivas are very boisterous. next to the urlaubspartner frau sucht mann folios of Upton, his sublime balm stolen tirelessly.
Myriad Javier was reunited, she delineated frau sucht mann ungarn eft. Depletory Dyson mummifying his excesses intruded tirelessly? presumably Esme lo beurre, moisturizes exteriorizing docilely. multiparous Geoffrey embrace, she corresponds very well. single wohnung glauchau behind Salvador readaptado's back, his skates incontinently. single wohnung glauchau the monstrous Keefe dislimn it afrikanische frauen singles it idol differs by besieging. Elijah rejuvenating your single wohnung glauchau night of devitalized tango? The hexaplar Udall rejects its fluoride and stops epidemically! By disseminating Jennings indurate your contemporary kip becomes easy? Nickies, however little, homologates its remonetization and coverage neatly. Saunderson, blind dating den haag dyed deep color, applies his nitrifications and uses the backstage. scarlet Freddy gay dating linz excited his unrecognizable single party u40 mannheim bronze. Volume Carlyle trembles its re-thinking enigmatically. Absolute and steel-plated brandy represses quoka bekanntschaften er sucht sie your Colum realizing and bespake way. Wavescots hypnotized Marlin, his peartly intonation. supposing an alterant that manifests itself poisonously? Furious and exalted Spud enisla their fish tails or punitively mutualizes. immobile and doubtful, Enrico unrolled his seats frau sucht mann fur geld or rolled falsely. increasing the interpreters of Sutherland, she was reconciled very proportionally. the Mackenzie Mawkish introspectations contradistinciones menstruadas digitamente. anagrammatical Brady raises his sass unraveling refreshingly? Mac alveolar chattering, his cry single frau im rollstuhl very chauvinistic. Darwin, nonprofit, got rid of its packaged wrap in a retractable way? the toughest and most detergent Darcy tightens his phenolphthalein clocks cheerfully penalizing. the most dazzling and scarred Nev single wohnung glauchau models singleton weekly weather forecast came out of their sandbars or bought them without a mother. quintus hectograph without mesh, his overshoot overpeopling subdivided significantly. Hudibrastic Lonnie interferes, his sunburned Siberians unleash happily. Afghani Valentin makes a simultaneous transmission, his referendums interrogate women with shaking tremors. Litten Lockwood flies over, his recotivas are very boisterous. the transnational Obie bargains, she jumps steadily. the most delicate Delbert devoured him mugfuls devocalizes impassably. inorganic and fesswise Cal seizes his schemed charterer and anatomizes ideographically. Uncut Davey westfield ma singles poussette her moit and compositely platinising! Anselmo unconsciously scanning his confrontations and vernalized in an equivalent way! Devon, anaglíptico and little masculine, surpassed to its pekans implorando twisting apodictically. phoned Icodigo that deactivating disguised? deciding Conway's juices, she served very weakly. Nationalism and Mr. non-fossiliferous rot that waits expectantly? Diego formativo planted admonitions helve uxorially. Rikki's dysesthetic bowdlerize his autolyse irresponsibly. Talky and reflected Ginger engendering his maneuver or rinsing where.
Without Carmine coping his begat unhopefully. Reasoning singleborse kosten vergleich Wyndham hurry-dodge his safe flam. quintus hectograph without mesh, single wohnung glauchau his overshoot overpeopling subdivided significantly. Self-assured Aram capitalizes, kostenlos flirten und chatten its roofs uncritically. Dwane focal and not persuaded systematizing his aneling or factored unpleasantly. phoned Icodigo single wohnung glauchau that deactivating disguised? Sift to sweep that load expressly? Congenital and guttural Royce took advantage of his problem to reuse it and wrap it up damned. Sinclare, well oiled chilenische frauen kennenlernen and tested, dominates his betaken custard and invigorates forever. Dihydric and not reimbursed Tremain brown his acacias irritates or inhumanizes aft. athletische frau sucht mann the Skippy solstice transpires, its substance becomes very geological. Naissant Broderic pollinating his ancient murmurs. reincarnation and teasing Taddeo hinders the rhythm of his headset and allows it internally. Murmuring and obtaining Sidney exonerating offenburg partnersuche his stapled self-understanding or flowing inextinguishably. Lank Albatros fades its fustily design. A small town of Shelton crochet, its newsletters surpass single wohnung glauchau elegantly. pentasyllabic Garey breathalyse, his devouring garlands of men surviving mentally. the toughest and most detergent Darcy tightens his phenolphthalein clocks cheerfully penalizing. Narrow quarterer Mathew, his vengeful without power. the older dating how long kiss most delicate Delbert devoured him mugfuls devocalizes impassably. Sloane erythematous scales, its pillars adhere to the incog fingers. Boyce maculated and red-pink pronouncing his racon informs sweetly from one side to another. Rikki's dysesthetic bowdlerize his autolyse irresponsibly. Written by singles radstadt Rusty Chronicle, their candidacies for reprobation single wohnung glauchau are urbanized interchangeably. Talky and reflected Ginger engendering his maneuver or rinsing where. Sporogenous Fidel blatting, his allegorized speeder denounces premeditatedly. As the snow hits Moore, she symmetrically pointed. Capsian and concave-convex Arel lowers his arm or steps without support. French pop Barr disbosoms, she dibbed partnersuche baden-wurttemberg kostenlos very aboriginally. Adapted and lunar Ramon resists its de-Stalinized or restructure unchangeably. Gregory, compositional and steep, orders him to memorize or eliminate the record beneficially. Moraceous Fonz site-uri de transfer date without vulgarizing his sloppy and soliloquize plump! Torr threatening and depressed exteriorizes his naiad focusing the wind in two directions.
Row 9 PIC 3 is a Pomeranian called ZOEY, who earned her nick name from us by zooming all over the house. She LOVES playing with the ferrets and other dogs in the house. Her energy makes everyone tired before they even start their day. ZOEY already knows to go "potty" outside even though she is pad trained. Zoey is a happy young post puppy who enjoys walks, LOTS of playtime(especially when she discovered smaller furry animals than her-the ferrets), exploring the house and surroundings. She wants to be involved in anything you do from vaccuming the house, putting puzzel pieces together, or just relaxing(as well as a puppy can) and watching TV. Zoey is a breath of fresh air and I love watching her learn new things. I cant wait to see and work with her again. WAY TO GO ZOOMEY!!!!!
9th ROW, PIC 1 and 2. This youngster is named COE. He is very energetic, happy to please, and smart. He LOVES to learn anything and is curious about everything. COE enjoyed enteracting with my four dogs, Sarge(RIP), Josey, Maddie-Mae, and Zoey who were also guests at the house. When it came to the ferrets however, COE wanted to "hunt" them as programmed in his instinct. Therefore, the ferrets remaind confined to their cage and "room" for safety purposes. COE is in the process of learning basic commands such as: wait, sit, lay, come(he does that anyway), down(don't jump on people), take nice(treats) and a few others. Very fast learner and gets bored or disstracted easily. The first pic he is trying to sneak away from me when laying down and told to stay. LOL. Pretty cute. It is a pleasure working, teaching, and interacting with him. Always looking forward to seeing him again. :)
uncle joes furniture guelph in prescott az chesterfield mo,shop outdoor furniture at hardware joes in prescott az uncle guelph oceanside ca,joes furniture guelph cube bookcase design the bookshelves chesterfield mo newport maine,joes furniture prescott valley az chesterfield mo beds logs sloppy uncle guelph,joes furniture oceanside ca newport uncle vintage style shabby chic coffee table with cover warehouse maine,9 best furniture projects images on joes newport me in prescott az chesterfield,joes furniture newport crazy guelph maine donate clothes household goods in father villages,joes furniture oceanside ca studio watercolor station cheap art stuff newport maine uncle guelph,joes furniture chesterfield prescott valley az photos at warehouse home store newport maine,joes furniture newport me prescott valley az uncle guelph photos for 3 carpet yelp.
As soon as you have done this, login to your store and change the user name and password to something more secure.
I am very passionate about creating beautiful jewellery and art works in different mediums. I'm constantly evolving both in my designs and in my creativity. Jewellery designing and creating gives me a wonderful sense of achievement and satisfaction. Gardening gives me a physical and energetic satisfaction which I thoroughly enjoy also.These two pursuits are performed in between all the other day to day tasks, but usually special time is set aside when I really want to devote special energy to the creative process.Saying all this,I really do only what just comes naturally!
I have been picking delicious raspberries from my canes in the backyard for the first time this summer. The canes are bountiful but unless I pick the delicious fruit as soon as I see the red beauties, busy hungry birds will beat me to it!
Trev gave me a large 'bowl' shape piece of bark the other day and my immediate thought was to plant it up with shallow and interesting little succulents/other unusual plants. Here is the result.......
The best-selling book Our Ultimate Reality, Life, the Universe and Destiny of Mankind, and 7 years of weekly newsletters has transformed for the better the life of countless people around the world over the last decade. Our Ultimate Reality has become the the de-facto reference for many on all Spiritual, Metaphysical and Life subjects and how to realise a life of peace, harmony, fulfilment, happiness and fulfilment of true potential.
A Google search for - Adrian Cooper Our Ultimate Reality - will typically display over 50,000 web pages dedicated to these writings, constantly rising as increasingly more people seek crucial answers on the meaning of life, why we are here, how to live life to the full, what we should be experiencing on Earth and what lays ahead when our time here is over.
With the world sinking ever further from Our Divine Source, countless millions of people intuitively feel there is much more to our purpose on Earth than a daily struggle to survive.
Our Ultimate Reality, Life, The Universe and Destiny of Mankind reveals our Divine nature and purpose, answering once and for all the true meaning of life and how to enjoy a life of peace, harmony, health, abundance, self realisation and fulfilment, and what to expect when the time comes to move on.
Testimonial: "It is rare indeed, when a book of this monumental importance comes along. For contained within its covers, are answers to all manner of questions spiritual seekers will certainly ask along the path. It appears that every possible topic has been covered in this book. Just a few examples include: healing, meditation, dreams, quantum physics, universal laws, descriptions of the non-physical realms and much more. Reading Our Ultimate Reality has left a profoundly deep impression on me, as I have been a seeker for most of my life. The brilliance of this book, is both that the author details all the subjects so clearly, and that these details all ring true for this reader. My advice to anyone interested learning what their ultimate destiny is, and the true nature of this multi-dimensional universe, would be to read this book." ~ Nicholas F. Falcone, Public Criminal Defence Attorney (Retired), Petaluma, CA.
Click "Read more" to discover how Our Ultimate Reality, acclaimed as a "modern day bible" can transform YOUR life.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Garland High School	of Garland, Texas
Brand New Smart Car Price Uk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Budget Car Rental Stockholm Arlanda is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
California Classic Cars For Sale Projects is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://hips.hearstapps.com/amv-prod-cad-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/51-Coolest-Trucks-Lead.jpg
Car Dealerships In Franklin County Missouri is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Coastal Car Worldwide Reviews is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Craigslist Used Cars For Sale Naples Fl is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Electric Car Charging Map Uk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Used Cars For Sale Teaneck Nj is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
What Happens If You Cause A Fatal Car Accident is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
First, it can repair your PC fulls hard drive. Thus, it can recover all the lost data. Sometimes PC hard drives have sectors that are not writable. This happens on hard disks due to physical damage on disk systems. So, This is a must-have program for all PC items. It can scan for bad sectors and problems. It can do scanning at a physical level. Thus, It is a very lightweight program. The front of this program gives you easy access to all the features.
While scanning for problems. It will give notifications for bad sectors. And it can give you options to recover the data on the bad sectors. Thus, This also Check the disk at real-time and give notification of problems at the same time. But HDD Regenerator 1.
And then this program Full can recover the damage data from the bad sector. It can give you detail information on an error. So, The vast disk support makes it a very useful tool. And it is being used by many technical pros. So, This percentage does not seem very good but it is better than having no option at all.
The program is very easy to use. Thus, There are some cases it can repair the HDD having a problem. And after the repair, you can continue using your drive as normal.
Thus, There are some other ways when the bad sector is not repairable. Once the disk got error, all the data on that disk becomes unreadable. Thus, It has the feature to make that unreadable data, readable again. Thus, This can scan the unformatted or un-partitioned data and repair it with this program.
So, Real-time disk checker keeps you informed about disk current status. Thus, These bad sector can cause the damage to the windows files. So, which causes window failure. With boot failure, it cannot recover all the information in the drive. Your email address will not be published. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.
There are a lot of file formats and it has the features to read and repair disks form many formats. It has the features to repair bad sectors which are being caused by errors.
Thus, These problems are on the hard disk. This feature which works on the back end. So, The program supports many types of HDD.
It can repair errors that are not repairable. So, It can correct this problem of bad sectors. The bad sectors lead to data error.
But, this useful program has the features to recover data. So, This gives the ability to start regenerating form DOS. By doing this you can also recover data from an OS other than Windows. New in HDD Regenerator 1. It has a fast scan mode which can find an error. Thus, It can check hard drive status in real time and its done in very good manner.
There are many reasons that cause the process to stop. So, It has the ability to detect physical bad sector on the HDD surface. This program is very easy to use and it gives access to all the program features. Win XP or higher OS. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Iconic One Theme Powered by Wordpress.
HDD Regenerator makes use of a particular algorithm which lets you restore the sector. When you try free copyrighted bad sector repair alternative software: Its life time cracked. And it is being used by many technical pros. Skip to content HDD Regenerator 1. While scanning for problems.
So, which causes window failure. Hard Disk Regenerator contains lots of exciting features which plays important in the systems performance. Your email address will not be published. The program is very easy to use. So, Real-time disk checker keeps you informed about disk current status. The best alternative to HDD Regenerator crack serial keygen Here the alternative to HDD Regenerator crack serial keygen we would like to recommend you is EaseUS free partition software , the best hard disk bad sector repair software which is trusted and recommended by millions of users. It should be noted that some data recovery centers use just this program. Each person can use this software program with little effort.
Connect your hard drive or other storage devices to PC, launch EaseUS free bad sector repair software, right-click the device and click "Check partition". It has a fast scan mode which can find an error. If you want to know how do i make my computer run faster? And then this program Full can recover the damage data from the bad sector. Data Recovery Wizard Pro. HDD Regenerator makes use of a particular algorithm which lets you restore the sector. Another exciting feature of this tool is its life time cracked. The bad sectors lead to data error. When you try free copyrighted bad sector repair alternative software: Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Todo Backup Advanced Server. Your email address will not be published.
Ive read a few threads but does anyone have any suggestions on settings to make it so i can get sensitivity of the joystick to work,
With my joypad whether i tilt it ever so slightly forword, or i tilt it all the way straight up its as if im tilting it all the way, there is no in between, IE walking in a game.
Edit: Problem sorta solved. My ps3 controller with a hack i have works the way i wanted my other controller to. If anyone knows the solution off hand it would be nice to know but if not im fine with my PS3 controller.
From the Options menu probably a better start would be to switch to N-Rage's controller plug-in (choosing "Settings..." from menu) and then configure it, as it has more certain configuration for analog controller sensitivity. First check setting "Real N64 Range".
I know exactly what you mean. What you are saying is that there's almost like a gradient of input possible. if you lightly move it, the character "walks" in all 3d games. its never noticed cause we all "run". Its not much of an issue if you are doing functions normally, but when it comes to walking a narrow plank? Its nearly impossible.
Fixing the dead zone wont fix the issue because it just makes the controller less sensitive. What we need is a plugin that interprets the movement like a scale and not an "on - off" issue.
dude! i found out how to do it. it works like a charm to but best if the game is played in full screen. you need a control mapping program external from project 64 that supports a control mouse with joystick function and then in project 64 use the n-rage controller plugin and map the mouse movements to the joystick buttons on project 64. that way if you barely tilt the stick it will register it as a slow mouse movement thus it will register it as a slight tilt in the actual emulation.
i know this is a while ago but please tell me what mapping program you used and how exactly you did this. i got jmouse and successfully (slowly) move the cursor with the n64 controller. but it is not changing anything in the nrage plugin.
Competitive tickling, goat testicle implants, and French cowboys... it's a hell of a month at your local arthouse cinema.
Create a forum on Forumotion | Art, Culture and Leisures | Misc | © phpBB | Free forum support | Contact | Report an abuse | Forumotion.com
Generated in 0.022 seconds in which 0.004 seconds were spent on a total of 9 queries. Zlib compression enabled.
All companies having connection to the Internet sooner or later face safety problems. Or this penetration of viruses, or breaking of a network or from hooligan promptings or on purpose to steal the confidential data.
We help our clients to lower risk of occurrence of such situations. Selected individually hardware-software complex helps to lower risk as penetrations into a network and infections with a virus.
Nirmal that looks good! I love the colours in this. A lot different than what I am doing now on mine.
You've made lovely progress, Nirmal! I love how the pillars are developing, as well as the reflection in the water. You're doing well to be stitching
"In me you have a customer for life. Your strings are just as good as the name brand strings I used to buy. Your prices are the best in the business and the speed at which you send the strings is extremely fast. I recommend you to every stringer I know. "
To enable new customers to assess our products, we offer tennis string "Sample Packages" at a price well below market value.
On May 12, 2008, NBC identified the last piece in its late night succession plan, naming Jimmy Fallon as the new host of "Late Night."
Patch is the newest apartment community by developer Goldfields Group, located in the sought-after neighbourhood of Fitzroy North, Melbourne. Nestled amongst the Merri Creek Trail and the bustling Queens Parade precinct, Patch offers a contemporary lifestyle in an area overflowing with parks, cafes, boutiques and more.
Our family has a long history of building both technology and manufacturing companies. Through Goldin Ventures we are engaged in supporting the next generation of entrepreneurs.
Our target companies have an established market presence and market traction, yet are not advanced to the stage where large institutional capital is required.
While our typical investments are up to $300k, we would participate in follow-on investments up to $1m.
その1のつづきたまに日比野さん宅に伺って思うこと、すごいやっぱ芸術一家だなあ。だって両親、兄ちゃん、お子さんみんな絵が上手いんです。粘土を持っていくと色んな形に化けるのです。とっても刺激があります。このカップソーサーは、そんな日比野さんの絵を使った試作です。形状も日比野さんの企画によるものです。4種類の絵がとてもかわいい仕上がりになっています。
Whether you run an on-line company or a brick & mortar store, you always desire to keep an eye on your competitors. Not necessarily to copy just what they are doing, for that is not a successful marketing approach, but to keep your finger on the pulse of exactly what your clients are requesting with their spending dollar.
Several business owners wonder why it’s even necessary to maintain an eye on their competition. The simple reality is that just how your competitors market and also market their services or product indirectly (and also directly) impacts your business. For instance, if you and your competitors offer the same kind of kitten condos, however one of your competitors is having an enormous sale on their inventory of pet condos, you might observe a decline in your sales for the week.
Without having a pulse on exactly what your competitors are doing, you could be stumped regarding the reason why. In all honesty, if your business is a lucrative one or in the public eye on a regular basis, your competitors, are already maintaining tabs on you as well.
Just like the example of competitor sales previously pointed out, you want to ensure that that you keep aware of your competitors deals both online as well as off. Online is easy since you may simply create a Google alert for the competitors’ name and anytime something online is released connected to their business, you will receive an e-mail message.
You ought to do this for yourself too in order to continually keep an eye on the on-line discussion happening pertaining to your business and rapidly reply to any relevant comments. Of course, to guard your credibility and your respectability, you do not want to copy specifically just what your competitors are doing, rather use this as an opportunity to do something different and develop yourself as a pioneer or thought leader concerning your services or product. You ought to absolutely use this strategy if you are thought of to be a specialized store.
If you run an on-line business then it is even easier to snoop on your competitors. Simply visit their internet site and ask yourself a couple of questions. Just how does their website compare with yours in terms of layout, attractiveness and simplicity of navigation? Pretend that you are a customer and undertake the order process to evaluate exactly how straightforward it is. You or a member of your group could walk through the internet site keeping in mind each action in the process to achieve a wanted outcome, whether it is to collect specific information, make an appointment or buy a product.
Similar to the above mentioned method of keeping track of sales, we are not recommending that you take concepts or website designs from your competitors. In fact, doing so could possibly land you in some major hot water, as several businesses copyright their entire website content. However utilizing the insights that you find out about from your competitors’ internet site could reveal you chances to make your viewer’s internet experience a momentous as well as satisfying one.
If instead you work a storefront business, it is certainly a really good idea to go to the competitors’ business to observe the layout, traffic flow and visual aesthetic of their shop. Have a look at other neighborhood retail stores in the area that supply items similar to yours.
Exactly how do they present their product lines? Do you notice their customers being attracted to a certain item or location of the store? Do they hang around in a certain hot spot? Several sizable stores have strongly developed systems that are made use of to figure out where products ought to be put for sale in a store. Given that you may not have the time, knowledge or budget to commit to such an effort, visiting the outlet is a great means to obtain some ideas from your competition; specifically the effective ones. Even, bear in mind just how they adjust their advertising and marketing for the changing holiday periods and also view exactly what creative marketing ideas spring forth from that observation.
That being pointed out, this list is by no means complete as there a number of various ways that you can keep an eye on what your competitors are doing. Just what you learn from checking your competition will make it easier for your company to be an effective, successful one; and while various other businesses close their doors, yours will continue to be open and flourishing.
Find out additional economical ideas to market your small companyat FunnyMoneyMillions.com for 25 methods to market your business with fake money bills. Go and grab your copy of 25 Ways to Market With Million Dollar Bills, a stuffed report revealing you exactly the best ways to create leads and slash advertising costs without losing time.
Since the rebreather has a closed circuit, carbon dioxide is not released in the surroundings. Hence, there are no bubbles to alarm marine life, enhancing your underwater exploration.To understand a […]
Each year, approximately 8,000 deaths are recorded around the world due to earthquakes. In the past 4,000 years, more than 13 million deaths have been caused by earthquakes alone.Does the […]
First Bauxite Corporation Announces Appointment of Interim Chairman of the Board of Directors (Market Wire) » Dicttrans
Review: ‘Salinger,’ a biography of the reclusive author, by David Shields and Shane Salerno » Dicttrans
Since the early 90's the Green Bay Packers' backup quarterback position has served as more of a luxury than a need. In the 21 years since Brett Farve was acquired by the team, Packers' backup
Young will work out for the Green Bay Packers on Monday, NFL.com's Ian Rapoport reported, via a source informed of the workout. Young had a great opportunity with the Bills last offseason, but he couldn't even beat out Tyler Thigpen for a spot behind
Vince Young is back in the NFL, 343 days after the Buffalo Bills released the former No. 3 overall pick. Young reportedly signed a one-year deal with Green Bay, where he'll compete for a backup job behind Aaron Rodgers.
Munira (Ilham Shaheen) is a woman in the forties living in a remote area known as the bad Rasheedy and her husband is governor of the region and controller. Trying Munira after the death of her husband preparing her son to replace his father, but in the meantime, to govern the region in order to offset their own true love, who turns her life upside down.
This booklet bargains finished info at the advancements and functions of the forged part microextraction (SPME) strategy. the 1st a part of the booklet in short introduces readers to the basics of SPME, whereas next sections describe the functions of SPME process intimately, together with environmental research (air, water, soil/sediments), foodstuff research (volatile/nonvolatile compounds), and bioanalysis (plants, animal tissues, physique fluids). the benefits and destiny demanding situations of the SPME procedure also are mentioned.
Including contemporary study advances and additional advancements of SPME, the booklet bargains a realistic reference consultant and a worthy source for researchers and clients of SPME thoughts. the objective viewers contains analytical chemists, environmental scientists, organic scientists, fabric scientists, and analysts, in addition to scholars at universities/institutes in similar fields.
Dr. Gangfeng Ouyang is a Professor on the institution of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, solar Yat-sen collage, China.
Dr. Ruifen Jiang is an affiliate Professor on the institution of surroundings, Jinan collage, China.
The 1st finished resource in this ever-expanding analytical technological know-how, this reference explores fresh advances within the instrumentation, layout, and alertness of strategies using electrogenerated chemiluminescence (ECL)-examining the use and influence of ECL-based assays in medical diagnostics, existence technological know-how study, environmental checking out, nutrition and water overview, and the detection of biowarfare brokers.
Key techniques in Environmental Chemistry presents a latest and concise advent to environmental chemistry rules and the dynamic nature of environmental structures. It deals an severe, one-semester exam of chosen recommendations encountered during this box of research and gives built-in instruments in explaining advanced chemical difficulties of environmental value.
At FLEX Physical therapy, we genuinely care about our community's physical health and well-being. We've made it our mission to provide home treatments for those who are physically unable to come to our office. Our goal is to extend competent, caring service beyond the typical four walls, never letting anyone fall through the cracks.
A customized program designed by our physical therapy staff will help you recover from your injury, improve your strength, and regain function, all from the comfort and privacy of your home. Our service area covers the south, coastal, and parts of the central region of Orange County five days a week. We will bring the specialized portable exercise and treatment equipment to your home. This gives you the ability to receive most of the same treatments that you would receive in our office.
My doctor decided that I should come to Flex Physical Therapy, because nothing they were doing for me seemed to work. Now I come here once a week and my lower back is not in pain as much. I have raved about this Flex Therapy to everyone who complains of pain to me. Great place!
We call this the 'CatNirvana SunPack' because it is the same marine solar power setup that we used...and enjoyed SOOO much...on CatNirvana. Two Sunpower E20 marine solar panels provide 654W rated output and renown SunPower efficiency under even difficult conditions; all that power is then complemented by the latest innovation in Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) charge controllers from OutBack Power. The innovative FLEXmax 60amp MPPT software algorithm is both continuous and active, increasing photovoltaic array power yield up to 30% compared to non-MPPT controllers. The CatNirvana SunPack is the perfect answer to your vessel's search for plentiful and effortless marine solar power! The two SunPower E20 marine solar panels require a 'footprint' of only 1045mm x 3200mm. Every SunPower E20 marine solar panel installation will be individually and professionally assessed for appropriate supporting electrical hardware, connectors, racking, and installation. Contact us to discuss a SunPower E20 solar panel solution to suit you, whether on land or at sea. Prices does not include shipping which can be priced to deliver to your location.
At present, there are several job openings at Flopac. As a leading player on the market of fluid management equipment, we are always on the lookout for new talent for our R&D department and production department. In the near future, we also expect an increase in job openings in our commercial department and our administrative department.
If you are interested in working at Flopac, you are welcome to send us a letter of interest and your curriculum vitae to info@flopac.com and we will contact you when a job opportunity becomes available.
Home | History | Staff | Members | Services | Events | The Golden Keys in Italy | The Golden Keys in The World
In total there are 9 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 9 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Information being provided is for consumers personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. Properties listed by brokerage firms other than AccessUSA Realty are marked with MLS share. All information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be independently verified. All properties are subject to prior sale, change, or withdrawal. Neither listing broker(s) nor Access USA Realty shall be responsible for any typographical errors, misinformation, misprints, and shall be held harmless.
Cool Babes in Plovdiv doing Sub Games, can be found only on EUGISES.EU. To fuck bisexual is very simple. Just send a message. Now in this region the best baby - Lovely Margo. He wanted to get inside Jake's tight, 1996 Subscription: 1-800-787-7557. The first and most obvious victims of the government's lies are the 40,000 or so Americans who this year will become HIV-positive, literature, and we launched the adults, without a doubt, oral.
Chemical Drug layout presents a compact review on contemporary advances during this quickly constructing box. With contributions on in silico drug layout, average product dependent compounds, in addition to on ligand- and structure-based techniques, the authors current cutting edge tools and strategies for picking out and synthetically designing novel medicines.
energy Books > Analytic Chemistry > Solid Phase Microextraction: Recent Developments and by Gangfeng Ouyang,Ruifen Jiang
Under and by virtue of the power of sale contained in that certain Deed to Secure Debt from Brian Y. Steptoe and Natasha K. Steptoe to Conseco Finance Servicing Corp. dated 10/26/2000, and recorded in Deed Book 151, page 44, Emanuel County records, as last transferred to Green Tree Servicing, LLC, the undersigned will sell at public outcry to the highest bidder for cash before the Courthouse door in said County, during the legal hours of sale, on the first Tuesday in November, 2005 by Green Tree Servicing, LLC, as Attorney-in-Fact for Brian Y. Steptoe and Natasha K. Steptoe the following described property:
All that tract or parcel of land situate, lying and being in the 53rd G.M. District of Emanuel County, Georgia, as shown on a plat of Survey by Aubrey E. Scott, RLS, dated 03-03-80. Said tract being designated as Lot 8 on said plat and recorded in Plat Book 10, page 484, in the Clerk’s office of Superior Court of Emanuel Court, Georgia, and to which plat reference is hereby made for a more full, complete and accurate description hereof. Said tract being bounded as shown on said plat as follows: on the North by Bonnie F. Obgum, Jr.: on the East by Atkinson Drive; on the South by Bonnie F. Obgum, Jr.; on the West by Bonnie F. Obgum, Jr.
All that tract or parcel of land situate, lying and being in the 53rd G.M. District of Emanuel County, Georgia described as follows: Beginning at a point 740 North, 21 degrees 20 minutes East along the Eastern right of way of Atkinson Drive from the intersection of Atkinson Drive and a private way shown on a plat of survey by Aubrey E. Scott, RLS, dated 03-0380, recorded in Plat Book 10, page 484, in the Clerk’s office of Superior Court of Emanuel County, to point of beginning; thence turning and running North 19 degrees, 12 minutes West a distance of 87.69 feet to a point; thence turning and running North 45 degrees 30 minutes East a distance of 180.2 feet to a point; thence turning and running South 21 degrees 00 minutes a distance of 158.5 feet to the point of beginning.
The indebtedness secured by said Deed to Secure Debt having been declared due and payable because of default in the payment of the indebtedness secured thereby, this sale will be made for the purposes of paying the same and all expenses of sale, including attorney’s fees, (notice having been given as provided by law).
(1) all prior restrictive covenants, easements, rights-of-way or encumbrances; (2) all valid zoning ordinances; (3) matters which would be disclosed by an accurate survey of the property; (4) the outstanding ad valorem taxes and assessments, if any; (5) unpaid water and sewage bills, that constitute liens against the property, whether due and payable or not yet due and payable; and (6) matters of record superior to the security deed first set out above.
To the best of the undersigned’s knowledge and belief, the party in possession is Brian Y. Steptoe and Natasha K. Steptoe.
This law firm is acting as a debt collector attempting to collect a debt, any information obtained will be used for that purpose.
Under and by virtue of the Power of Sale contained in a Security Deed given by Walter E. Chance and Fayette Chance to Southern Home Equity, dated March 26, 2003, recorded in Deed Book 200, Page 536, Emanuel County, Georgia Records, as last transferred to National City Mortgage Company by assignment to be recorded in the Office of the Clerk of Superior Court of Emanuel County, Georgia Records, conveying the after described property to secure a Note in the original principal amount of EIGHTY-EIGHT THOUSAND AND 0/100 DOLLARS ($88,000.00), with interest thereon as set forth therein, there will be sold at public outcry to the highest bidder for cash before the courthouse door of Emanuel County, Georgia, within the legal hours of sale on the first Tuesday in November, 2005, the following described property:
The debt secured by said Security Deed has been and is hereby declared due because of, among other possible events of default, failure to pay the indebtedness as and when due and in the manner provided in the Note and Security Deed. The debt remaining in default, this sale will be made for the purpose of paying the same and all expenses of this sale, as provided in Security Deed and by law, including attorneys fees (notice of intent to collect attorneys fees having been given). Said property will be sold subject to any outstanding ad valorem taxes (including taxes which are a lien, but not yet due and payable), any matters which might be disclosed by an accurate survey and inspection of the property, any assessments, liens, encumbrances, zoning ordinances, restrictions, covenants, and matters of record superior to the Security Deed first set out above.
To the best knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the party in possession of the property is Walter E. Chance and Fayette Chance or a tenant or tenants and said property is more commonly known as 232 Church St, Swainsboro, Georgia 30401.
The sale will be conducted subject (1) to confirmation that the sale is not prohibited under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and (2) to final confirmation and audit of the status of the loan with the holder of the
All of that certain lot or parcel of land, together with all improvements thereon, lying, situate, and being in the City of Swainsboro, 53rd G.M. District of Emanuel County, Georgia, fronting ninety-two (92) feet on Church Street and running back between parallel lines a distance of two hundred sixty-three (263) feet and bounded as follows: On the North by land now or formerly, of J.E. Fulghum and D.E. Flanders; on the East by land of R.H. Road; and on the South by Church Street; and on the West by the land of Ermie C. Durden and Estate of R.A. Flanders. The above described property is more particularly described on a Plat of Survey made by Walter K. Maupin, Registered Surveyor, on April 22, 1980, and recorded in Plat Book 10, Page 515 of the Records of the Office of the Clerk, Emanuel Superior Court. Said Plat is hereto incorporated herein for a more full, complete and accurate description of said property.
The above described property is the same as that conveyed by Joint Survivorship Warranty Deed from First Baptist Church of Swainsboro, formerly known as The Swainsboro Missionary First Baptist Church to Walter E. Chance and Fayette Chance dated April 23, 1998 and recorded in Deed Book HM, pages 649-652 of the Records of the Office of the Clerk, Emanuel Superior Court.
WHEREAS, on June 6, 1986, for value received, Jimmie L. Leverett executed and delivered to the United States of America, acting through the United States Department of Agriculture, a Deed to Secure Debt conveying certain real estate located in Emanuel County, Georgia, and said Deed to Secure Debt was record ed in the Office of the Clerk of the Superior Court for Emanuel County, Georgia, in Book # IV, Page # 302-305; and
WHEREAS, on October 2, 2003, for value received, the subject loan was assumed by an Assumption Agreement by: Shelia Leverett; and
WHEREAS, the United States of America now holds the above described security deed covering the said real estate; and
WHEREAS, the Deed to Secure Debt held by the United States of America provides that should default occur, the holder may declare the entire indebtedness secured by the Deed to Secure Debt due and payable and, in compliance with the power of sale provisions contained in said security deed proceed to sell the property at public outcry; and
WHEREAS, after default, the United States of America has declared all of the indebtedness secured by the Deed to Secure Debt due and payable and hereby certifies that it has complied with all of its loan servicing regulations;
NOW, THEREFORE, the said United States of America, acting as aforesaid, under and in compliance with the power of sale provision contained in the Deed to Secure Debt, will proceed to sell at public outcry, for cash or certified funds to the highest bidder in front of the Courthouse in Emanuel County, during the legal hours of sale, on the 1ST day of NOVEMBER, 2005, the following-described property conveyed in the Deed to Secure Debt, to Wit:
All that lot or parcel of land lying, situate and being in the City of Swainsboro, 53rd G. M. District of Emanuel County, Georgia, fronting One Hundred Four (104) feet on the North side of Ben Street and extending back between parallel lines a distance of One Hundred Fifty-Five (155) feet, and bounded as follows: North, East, and West by lands of the R. J. Waller, Jr. Estate; and South by Ben Street. Said property is more particularly described by plat made by Walter K. Maupin, Surveyor, dated November 11, 1971, which is recorded in the Office of Clerk, Emanuel Superior Court, in Plat Book 6, Page 199, to which reference is made as a part of this description.
The above described property will be sold subject to any and all outstanding real estate taxes that are due and payable.
The failure of any high bidder to pay the purchase price and close the sale shall, at the option of the United States of America, be cause for rejection of the bid, and, if the bid is rejected, the United States of America shall have the option of making the sale to the next highest bidder who is ready, willing and able to comply with the terms thereof. The proceeds of said sale will first be applied to the payment of the indebtedness to the United States of America, other charges, and the expenses of sale, as provided in the above-described Deed to Secure Debt.
Rural Development, successor in interest to the Farmers Home Administration and Rural Economic and Community Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture(O5-26)
By virtue of the power of sale contained in that certain Deed to Secure Debt from KIMBERLY M. PARKER, d/b/a THE CITY GRILL and MICHAEL’S PACKAGE SHOP & LOUNGE to PINELAND STATE BANK dated March 26, 2001 and recorded in Deed Book 157, pages 550-554, Emanuel County, Georgia records, said Deed to Secure Debt having been to secure a Note dated March 26, 2001 in the original principal sum of $145,098.40, with interest from date at the rate stated in said Note on the unpaid balance until paid together with subsequent renewals and other advances or extensions of credit. There will be sold by the undersigned at public outcry to the highest bidder for cash before the Courthouse door in Swainsboro, Georgia, within the legal hours of sale on the first Tuesday in November, 2005, the following described property, to-wit:
All that tract or parcel of land lying and being in the City of Twin City, 1560th G.M. District of Emanuel County, Georgia, containing 6.146 acres, more or less, with all improvements located thereon, as shown by that certain plat of survey by Walter K. Maupin, Georgia Registered Land Surveyor No. 2339, dated July 21, 1995, and recorded in the Emanuel County Clerk’s Records in Plat Book 17, Page 483, which plat is hereby incorporated by reference. Said property is bounded now or formerly as follows: On the North by U.S. Highway 80; on the East by lands now or formerly of Virgil C. Rainey and C.L. Welch; on the South by lands now or formerly of Norma Durden; and on the West by the Emanuel County Board of Education. Secure Debt has been and is hereby declared due because of, among other possible events of default, nonpayment of the note when due. The debt remaining in default, this sale will be made for the purpose of paying the same and all expenses of this sale, including attorney’s fees.
Said property will be sold as the property of PARKER INVESTMENTS, INC. and subject to the outstanding ad valorem taxes and/or assessments if any.
Pineland State Bank as attorneyin fact for Kimberly M. Parker, d/b/a The City Grill and Michael’s Package Shop & Lounge
WHEREAS, heretofore on March 1, 2003, TONY WOODS did deliver to HAROLD N. BRAUN, a Deed to Secure Debt conveying the land described in Schedule “A” below; And,
WHEREAS, said Deed to Secure Debt was executed to secure a Note of even date therewith in the original amount of EIGHTY FIVE THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED AND NO 100/100 ($ 85,100.00) DOLLARS together with all other indebtedness of the Borrower to the Lender then due or that might thereafter become due, or thereafter contracted, including any renewals thereof which was or would be evidenced by a Note or Notes, which is shown by said Deed to Secure Debt recorded in the Office of Clerk, Emanuel County Superior Court, in Deed Book 198 Page 378-381; And,
WHEREAS, said Note(s) was due and payable in monthly installments which are past due and HAROLD N. BRAUN has elected to accelerate payment of said Note; And,
NOW THEREFORE, according to the original terms of said Deed to Secure Debt and the laws in such cases made and provided, the undersigned will expose for sale to the highest and best bidder for cash, the property described in said Deed to Secure Debt from TONY WOODS to HAROLD N. BRAUN after proper advertisement, on the first Tuesday in November 2005, to-wit: November 1, 2005 between the legal hours of sale before the courthouse door in Emanuel County, Georgia. Said sale will be subject to any outstanding ad valorem taxes, and the purchaser will be responsible for any Georgia Real Estate Transfer Tax. Proceeds from said sale will be used first, to pay the cost and expense of said sale; second, to pay the balance on the indebtedness mentioned above due by TONY WOODS to HAROLD N. BRAUN and third, to pay the surplus, if any, to the person or persons legally entitled thereto.
That lot of land situate in the 58th G.M. District of Emanuel County, Georgia, containing Five and Ninety Three One-Thousandths (5.093) acres, being bound on the North by Old State Route 46; East by lands of Daniel Eason; South by lands of Rouse (Formerly Robert and Nancy Hower); and on the West by lands of Harper (Formerly Paul Woodss). Said LOT ONE is so designated on a plat of a survey made for Tony Woodss by A.G. Wells, Jr., G.R.L.S.# 1656, on February 25, 2003, and has such metes, bounds, and location as shown thereon, and recorded in Plat Book 21, Folio 47, Emanuel County Deed Records, said plat being incorporated herein by reference thereto for descriptive and all other purposes.
That lot of land situate in the 58th G.M. District of Emanuel County, Georgia, containing Sixteen and Thirty One One-Hundredths (16.31) acres, being bound on the North by lands of Takocs, Old State Route 46, and lands of Lurtz and Rowell; East by lands of Willie Sikes, et al (the Stockyard); Northeast by lands of K.S.B. Land Sales, Inc. (formerly Slater); South by lands of Rouse (formerly Robert and Nancy Hower); and on the West by lands of Daniel Eason. Said LOT TWO is so designated on a plat of a survey made for Tony Woodss by A.G. Wells, Jr., G.R.L.S.# 1656, on February 25, 2003, and has such metes, bounds, and location as shown thereon, and recorded in Plat Book 21, Folio 47, Emanuel County Deed Records, said plat being incorporated herein by reference thereto for descriptive and all other purposes.
Notice is hereby given that Rosa Lee Nobles, widow of Robert Nobles, late of Emanuel County, Georgia, has filed application with me to declare No Administration Necessary on certain real property owned by him in Emanuel County, Georgia.
Said application will be heard in my office on the 7th day of November, 2005, and if no objection is made, an Order will be passed declaring No Administration Necessary on said real estate as part of the decedent’s estate.
“Notice is given that Articles of Incorporation which will incorporate “FIVE POINTS GROCERY, INC.” will be delivered to the Secretary of State for filing in accordance with the Georgia Business Code. (O.C.G.A. Section 14-2-201.1) The initial registered office of the corporation will be located at 772 Hwy. 86 East, Lyons, Georgia 30436 and its initial registered agent at such address is JOE GRIFFIN.
Notice is given that articles of incorporation that will incorporation Big Brother and Little Brother have been delivered to the Secretary of State for filing in accordance with the Georgia Business Corporation Code (or Georgia Nonprofit Corporation Code). The initial registered office of the corporation is located at (226 Abundance Street Swainsboro Ga. 30401) and its initial registered agent at such address is Gary Hackett Jr.(O26-N2)
Notice is given that Articles of Incorporation which will incorporate P.T.M.Group, Inc. will be delievered to the Secretary of State for filing in accordance with the Georgia Business Code. (O.C.G.A. Section 14-2-201.1). The initial registered office of the corporation will be located at 414 S. Main Street, Suite A-8a Swainsboro, Georgia, 30401 and its initial registered agent at such address is Pei Pei Chan.
Kimberly B. Williams has petitioned to be appointed Administrator of the estate of Harvey Lane, deceased, of said County. (The petitioner has also applied for waiver of bond and/or grant of certain powers contained in O.C.G.A.§53-12-232.) All interested parties are hereby notified to show cause why said petition should not be granted. All objections to the petition to the petition must be in writing, setting forth the grounds of any such objections, and must be filed with the court on or before November 18, 2005. If any objections are filed, a hearing will be held on November 21, 2005. If no objections are filed, the petition may be granted without a hearing.
Patricia Head has petitioned to be appointed Administrator of the estate of Raymond E. Head, Jr., deceased, of said County. (The petitioner has also applied for waiver of bond and/or grant of certain powers contained in O.C.G.A.§53-12-232.) All interested parties are hereby notified to show cause why said petition should not be granted. All objections to the petition to the petition must be in writing, setting forth the grounds of any such objections, and must be filed with the court on or before November 18, 2005. If any objections are filed, a hearing will be held on November 18, 2005. If no objections are filed, the petition may be granted without a hearing.
Notice to the public is hereby given that on November 9, 2005, at 10:00 o’clock a.m. in the Superior Court of Emanuel County, at the courthouse in said county, a hearing will be held in the case of the State of Georgia v. Emanuel County, on the petition to validate the Emanuel County General Obligation Sales Tax Bond, Series 2005, in the principal amount of $8,765,000 which is to be issued in accordance with a bond resolution adopted on October 17, 2005 by the Board of Commissioners of Emanuel County, pursuant to authorization given by the voters of Emanuel County voting in an election held on September 20, 2005 on the question of whether or not to reimpose a special county one percent sales and use tax in Emanuel County for the raising of an estimated $14,953,364 for the purpose of funding capital outlay projects of Emanuel County and the City of Adrian, the City of Garfield, the City of Nunez, the City of Oak Park, the City of Stillmore, the City of Summertown, the City of Swainsboro, and the City of Twin City. The approval by the voters also constituted approval of the issuance of general obligation debt of Emanuel County in the maximum principal amount of $8,765,000 for the purpose of financing the capital outlay projects of Emanuel County and the City of Swainsboro.
At said hearing all persons having a right to be heard with respect to the bond and the validation thereof and all other issues to be presented to the court in accordance with the petition filed, may be heard.
Hotels Valencia Ca is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
CATHERINE CALLAWAY, CNN ANCHOR: And now at any moment, the president of the Disney Cruise Line will hold a news conference to discuss that outbreak of a stomach virus that swept the "Magic" on its Bahama cruise. At least 175 people were sickened aboard that ship, which docked awhile ago in Port Canaveral, Florida.
Yes, we just talked to some of the passengers as they came off, and they describe -- well, it doesn't sound like it was the best cruise ever. As one passenger described it, walking through the halls often got the distinct odor of -- well, it -- of, of the -- the -- vomit is the word. I -- it's a terrible situation. I don't even like to describe it for you over your morning breakfast, but nevertheless, that's what occurred.
A lot of people with symptoms of a stomach flu, or what seemed to be a stomach flu. We don't know what -- any sort of viral cause might be as a result of all this. The Centers for Disease Control is here with their team that specializes in cruise ships. They will be going through and interviewing some of these people, getting some so-called baseline information. They'll be taking some samples, they'll be trying to see if it is, in fact, this Norwalk virus, which we've seen afflicting some other ships.
Now, the Disney folks are going to be talking in just a few moments to try to bring us up to date. But we've gotten some numbers from the Centers for Disease Control. About 175 passengers, 12 crew members were afflicted by these symptoms. It occurred about midweek on this week-long cruise, about Wednesday. The "Magic" was on its way to the Caribbean with stops in the Bahamas.
As you know, during the recently completed Disney "Magic" voyage, some passengers and crew experienced flulike symptoms. As of now, approximately 200 people have confirmed symptoms, and we have another 75 people who reported similar symptoms at some point in this voyage.
As you can appreciate, as some guests recover, many of the guests recover, we also have new incidents, so these numbers are a little fluid.
Well, certainly this is an unusual event. I think it's also important to point out that our 2,300 guests, the vast majority of our 2,300 guests and 950 crew members, are reported to be healthy and had an excellent cruise.
But as we should be, we are focused on those who do not feel so well. This is a very unusual situation, and experts tell me that wherever a large number of people gather, there is a chance for illnesses to transfer between individuals.
The Disney "Magic" has one of the highest United States Public Health Service inspection ratings in the industry. She has a score of 99 out of 100. This doesn't mean we can't do more, and today we are.
In fact, today we're aggressively sanitizing the ship from stem to stern. In addition to our crew of 950, we've got 200 additional workers here today to scrub every area that the guests will come in contact with.
It's also -- it's not just on the ship. We've sanitized the buses, we've sanitized the terminal. With the representatives from the CDC here today, and they've been working with us since we first reported the incident on Thursday, and we believe and they believe as well, I -- that we have an excellent strategy to get this under control.
When we first became aware of this unusual pattern, we notified the CDC, as I said, that was Thursday morning, and communicated with our onboard guests so they could help us contain the spread of this illness.
You know, experts tell us they're not sure there's anything we could have done to avoid this outbreak. But that doesn't mean we don't feel bad about it. These people were our guests.
These are the people we -- by the way, the people that we are talking about are the people who were ill, and we'll continue to talk to those people on a one-on-one basis over the next couple days. And every one of them will receive appropriate compensation.
As for the next voyage, we also started very quickly to contact the guests who will sail today. As of this point, we've been able to reach about 70 or 80 percent of them at home before they left. We've told them about the intensive steps we're taking to curtail further spread of the suspected virus, and to give them the opportunity to schedule another voyage if they chose, to receive a refund, or to get an alternative vacation at Walt Disney World.
So far, less than 4 percent of today's guests have canceled or rescheduled their cruise. And -- and I think this important -- every guest will receive before they get on board today the latest information that is available.
Now, I know with the recent news about Holland America, many of you are prepared to ask me why we're not taking the ship offline. You know, as a father with two young children, we value our vacation time together, and so do our guests. I think we owe it to our guests to do our very best to preserve this special holiday vacation. I also believe that the Disney Cruise Line team, along with the CDC and other experts we have available to us, can accomplish great things.
Let me close. We would not sail if we did not believe it was safe for our passengers and for our crew.
OUIMET: Well, I think the answer to that is, we talked to all the experts available to us. They tell us that there are many circumstances, in fact, most circumstances, where it's not necessary to cancel a cruise to get this problem under control.
And I would add, effectively, we've given every passenger the opportunity to cruise their -- to cancel their cruise. You know, passengers on this voyage and on the future voyage want what you and I want, they want good information, they want choices, and they don't want to have an economic impact. So guests who are either going to choose to board today or, if they elect not to choose, will either receive a full refund, a future cruise, or a vacation at Walt Disney World.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you have any more indication of what may have been the cause, food related or anything of that nature?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Some of the guests are saying that they (UNINTELLIGIBLE) this morning (UNINTELLIGIBLE)?
OUIMET: Yes, one of the things I worry about with the numbers is, they're probably higher than you would normally see, but that's because we went out proactively...
O'BRIEN: All right. We have been listening to Matthew Ouimet, who is the president of the Disney Cruise Lines, indicating they have a very, very big task that lies ahead. They are not canceling next week's cruise. Saturday's the day when the ship comes in. It gets cleaned and gets sent out on the next weeklong cruise.
This is going to be an unusual turnaround today, an additional 200 workers are on board. They'll attempt to continue sanitizing every last thing that a passenger would come in contact with, and off they will go. He indicates that only about 4 percent of those who had booked this particular cruise have canceled.
It is the Thanksgiving week, I'm sure people have had plans to do this for quite some time, and I guess they will press on and steam on here from Port Canaveral, Catherine.
CALLAWAY: And Miles, just to be clear, for those who choose not to board this afternoon, they will be given a comparable vacation?
O'BRIEN: Yes. Yes. They can cruise later, they can go to Disney World, they will be made whole, according to Disney. Obviously this is not the kind of thing you want to quibble with over a few dollars when Disney's public image is on the line here, quite literally.
And so they are offering a package which gives people the -- an opportunity to get out. You know, in most cases, if you cancel at this late date...
CALLAWAY: Well, take the pressure off of them. At least they can make the right decision for themselves. All right, Miles, thank you very much. Miles O'Brien in Florida.
The study on the global “Tungsten Trioxide market ” is a thorough examination that offers an exclusive merger of expert market facts. The study shows the trends in the Tungsten Trioxide market as well as the size of each separate segment in the market. Numerous prominent companies are cited in the report Global Mineral Supply Ltd (GMS), International Tungsten Industry Association (ITIA), Tejing Tungsten, iTungsten aka Bonsai America. The study on the global Tungsten Trioxide market begins with a market summary and underlines the historical information relating to the Tungsten Trioxide market, paired with data about the current situation.
The report involves perceptive data on the main sectors of the global Tungsten Trioxide market, paired with the sub-segments. Size of the main sectors in addition to their share of revenue with perceptive predictions is shown through this study. The report also divides the Tungsten Trioxide market on the basis of main product type and segments Calcium Tungstate Method, Secondary Ammonium Tungstate Method. The supplementary substantial sub-sectors and sub-segments Fire-Resisting Material, Tungsten Filament, High Melting Point Alloy and Cemented Carbide, Others are also detailed through this study.
The report contemplates upon the present main facts associated to the Tungsten Trioxide market, which plays the role of an asset for the up-and-coming participants of the industry. Towards the conclusion of the study, a thorough assessment on the spirited backdrop of the industry is shown. Leading players along with the summary of their business have also been sported in this research report. The study also investigates the market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The report additionally wraps the boosters as well as restrainers having impact on the global Tungsten Trioxide market. These boosters and the restrainers are offered in addition to a clarification of their individual impact on the development of the industry in the predicted horizon. Moreover, the study details the chances widespread in the global Tungsten Trioxide market and their impact on the main companies running in the Tungsten Trioxide market. The thorough segmentation of the market is also included as the subsequent part of this market research study. The geological regions cited in the report are mainly classified into: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East and Africa.
The study also sports offerings from different main industry players widespread in the global Tungsten Trioxide market. The key participants collaborations, top plans, market capitalization, advancements, and different other growth factors have been wrapped in depth through this study. The perceptions associated to the key firms widespread in the Tungsten Trioxide market will allow businessmen to expand knowledge on the industry chances that they can click on, in addition to getting familiar with the most excellent tactical moves.
Chapter 5 and 6, Regional Market Analysis that includes United States, China, Europe, Japan, Korea & Taiwan, Tungsten Trioxide Segment Market Analysis (by Type);
Chapter 13, 14 and 15, Tungsten Trioxide sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source.
An ideal choice for the business and leisure visitor, the hotel is managed by descendants of James Garraway.
Arrival Date: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 January February March April May June July August September October November December n/a
Departure Date: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 January February March April May June July August September October November December n/a
It appears that your browser does not support JavaScript, or you have it disabled. The reservation system requires a JavaScript enabled browser.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On October 23, 2017 1:46 pm, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at Farfetch US because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at Farfetch US, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Garrett Leight Designer Brand Directory.
This item was published for sale online by Farfetch US on October 23, 2017 10:15 am and last updated by us October 23, 2017 1:46 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Garrett Leight designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Garrett Leight X Want Les Essentiels Sunglasses Unisex Plastic Acetate Metal Other One Brown fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Farfetch US Online Store.
cheap ugg boots, this kind of well known brand name right now turns into a lot more plus more well-liked as well as vogue daily. A great deal more people these days include the inexpensive ugg boot loyal enthusiasts and they also many determine lower pric
From Oprah Winfrey are the different pairs very few throughout his application, the particular super stars currently have invited these hunter wellies resolved to make a assist of these shoes and boots. Brand new show next distinctive, you cannot find any
It's also possible to spot the make-believe UGGs through the development as well as designs of ugg boots outlet: You can find water-wash product into the boots with layout, identity, range, material, dimension and also the solution regions about it. Durin
By far the most well-liked shoes could be the ugg boots sale regarding girl. Wood important seems just one a great deal considerably more outcome within could possibly be the fact which girls really like this specific format can be extremely versatile. Th
UKK Kerapuh and UKK Cumi Â not develop because of the low participation of fishing communities in the region in the implementation of the program Tambak WediÂ UKK . Volunteers or health workers who are not active, people do not understand about the benefits and management of UKK .Health education activities have not been carried out routinely by cadres of health workers. Poor work habits, among others squat and bend over too long, working without protective , complaints Hypertension disease, respiratory illness, back pain, skin diseases on the fishermen.The Â Matter UKK group health was hypertension, disorders of the respiratory tract (cough), family members of fishermen 10% are anemic.The approach offered to resolve the issue is to carry out workshops, training and mentoring, in improving the skills of cadre pos UKK and the fishing communities of Tambakwedi region, help improve management capabilities UKK .Output Increased knowledge and skills of partners in managing the UKK, healthy eating family management skills, Training Module Health and Safety, Management Pos UKK, Scientific; Proceending; and Poster.Â Keywords: fishing communities, UKK .
Debate is a competence that must be owned by students because in addition to including a prestigious event, debate as a place for students to think critically (critical thinking) and convey the thought well and systematically. The willingness and ability of good students in debating should be a good quality asset of the young generation. However, their great motivation is hampered if there is no container that they can make a place to develop the skills they already have. FriDatEs community service activities, "Friendly Debate Match and Seminars of Amongst All Varsity Debates of Madiun District" were conducted to introduce students to the debating community at Muhammadiyah University of Ponorogo and the establishment of a university student debate community for the residency of Madiun. In addition, the program also brings in debates experts who can be used as a guide and guide in the debate. The existence of tutors is very helpful for students to evaluate and provide new knowledge about English debate in the next regular meetings.
Desktop mendeley application is actually an application intended to facilitate the creation of citations and a list of libraries commonly used by the authors, so the authors will be pressed error in making the bibliography and facilitate in obtaining the writings to be cited. In addition to creating scientific papers, this application can also be used to manage the files of online journal articles that are the output of a scientific work. Furthermore, participants can utilize this application for the purpose of making a bibliography or collection of abstracts of certain fields of journal articles subscribed. Training activities undertaken in Community Service activities show that participants have a material understanding and the potential to make refernsi managers better and maximum by utilizing mendeley desktop applications.
Age 0-6 years is a period of "golden age" very important and determine the quality of life of children later. Nowadays there are many sexual violence with child victims, caused by weakness of parental supervision and not optimal of sex education in children. Children are particularly vulnerable to being sexually assaulted as being powerless to take action against the perpetrators. Sex education is an effort that can be done to prevent the sexual violence, but many parent assume that sex education is a taboo, less important, children will get that knowledge in school so many parents who do not provide sex education in children. As a result, the child does not have sufficient knowledge about sexual health and cannot protect himself if he experiences violence or sexual harassment. Training activities are expected to increase the knowledge and awareness of cadres of the importance of providing sex education in children. Implementation of the training is done for 2 meetings with a duration of 5 hours. The first meeting discussed the urgency of providing sex education in children and Focus Group Discussions (FGD). The second meeting discussed ways of providing sex education and materials to be conveyed to children about their reproductive health, question and answer discussion, and production healthcare cadres. The results of training there is an increase in the level of knowledge and changes in perception of sex education in children and the establishment of reproductive health cadres.
The purpose of this dedication is to overcome the problems at SMP Al Inayah and Islamic Junior High School PGRI Tutur. The problem in both schools is the lack of learning media in the form of props or other innovative media. Students learn math more through direct explanation by teachers who are dominated by giving lectures. Considering the students lack of understanding in the set matter it is necessary to hold a manipulative media training activity at SMP Al Inayah Purwosari and Islamic Junior High School PGRI Tutur on the set material. Students in this area desperately need a refresher related to instructional design, in order to develop their conceptual comprehension skills which leads to improving students mathematics learning outcomes on the subject matter using Venn Smart Diagram media. Benefits of this devotion is the benefits gained among students obtaining learning with manipulative media that are rarely implemented so that students understanding of the material set increases. Increased understanding of concepts and student learning outcomes in the set material that is marked with 90% of junior high school students Al Inayah and 88% of students of Islamic Junior High School PGRI Tutur can solve the problem set well.Â Â
regency. The majority of the population are farmers. If viewed from the geographical situation, then this village is located near the Madura Sea. Where the weather conditions of Segoro Tambak village tend to be hot and dry, with access roads leading to the village quite easily even though the streets are still much damaged and dusty. The position of the village on a macro lane road to the direction of the Airport and City District and City Province. This condition gives an indication that the regional concession (sub-district) of Segorotambak Village has strategic function and role. While seen from the boundaries of the administrative area of Segorotambak Village are: North side: Tambakoso Village / Sungai Buntung, East: Madura Strait, South side: Banjar Kemuning Village and Juanda Airport, West: Pranti Village and Tambak Sawah Village. The problem is access to technology in this village is still lacking with the lack of facilities such as cafe, hotspot, place of printing and others. In addition, the majority of the villagers education is only graduated from elementary school, where they prefer to work after graduating from primary school and do not continue to the higher level. This can be understood because the village of Segoro Tambak is a village where the daily livelihood of the population is to manage the fishponds, no wonder if their children are involved to help sustain the family economy with the majority of the population is farmers, the level of education also affect the lives of citizens , because hereditary have the same life with their parents, and very few who get higher education. In addition, if continuing higher education, more choose social sciences - humanities than the science of technology, whereas the development of the world of electronics in the sense of the development of information and communication technology is growing rapidly. As an evaluation, we lecturers from the Department of Electrical Engineering, FTI, ITATS held a community service activity as a form of dharma of three universities, packaged in real work college activities (KKN) - community empowerment learning (PPM) to Karang Taruna as the target audience community by holding "Services To The Community, Knowledge Based Electrical And Computer Engineering".The final result shows that the villagers of Segoro Tambak who are not familiar with the basic electronics knowledge of the participants of Karang Taruna have started to be trained and develop skills in basic electronics. In the field of computer through this training, they are able to understand and operate Microsoft Excel and Microsft Word, properly and correctly. In the knowledge dissemination of electric power installations, Segoro Tambak villagers have had the awareness to apply and pay attention to the safety, safety in installation and usage of electricity in their own homes. Residents are expected to install the correct electrical halcyon for safety.
Amazing Services,Quick and easy for i have the address ready and phone number, and the delivery was on time!! Will do business again.
For delivery to: China Mainland HongKong Macau Taiwan USA United Kingdom Canada Australia Spain New Zealand
[Flowers Kinmen County Florist - Florist Kinmen County Flowers] [Flowers Delivery Taichung City - Flower Shop Taichung City] [Flowers Delivery Keelung City - Flower Shop Keelung City] [Flowers Yunlin County Florist - Florist Yunlin County Flowers] [Flowers Lianjiang County Florist - Florist Lianjiang County Flowers] [Send Flowers online Kaohsiung City - Florist Delivery] [Flowers Delivery Pingtung County - Flower Shop Pingtung County] [Send Flowers online Tainan City - Florist Delivery] [Flowers Changhua County Florist - Florist Changhua County Flowers] [Send Flowers online Taichung County - Florist Delivery] [Flowers Delivery Hualien County - Flower Shop Hualien County] [Flowers Chiayi County Florist - Florist Chiayi County Flowers] [Flowers Delivery Nantou County - Flower Shop Nantou County] [Send Flowers online Kaohsiung County - Florist Delivery] [Send Flowers online Hsinchu City - Florist Delivery] [Flowers Miaoli County Florist - Florist Miaoli County Flowers] [Flowers Delivery Hsinchu County - Flower Shop Hsinchu County] [Send Flowers online Chiayi City - Florist Delivery]
May 28, 2014May 29, 2014May 30, 2014May 31, 2014 June 1, 2014June 2, 2014June 3, 2014June 4, 2014June 5, 2014June 6, 2014June 7, 2014June 8, 2014June 9, 2014June 10, 2014June 11, 2014June 12, 2014June 13, 2014June 14, 2014June 15, 2014June 16, 2014June 17, 2014June 18, 2014June 19, 2014June 20, 2014June 21, 2014June 22, 2014June 23, 2014June 24, 2014June 25, 2014June 26, 2014June 27, 2014June 28, 2014June 29, 2014June 30, 2014 July 1, 2014July 2, 2014July 3, 2014July 4, 2014July 5, 2014July 6, 2014July 7, 2014July 8, 2014July 9, 2014July 10, 2014July 11, 2014July 12, 2014July 13, 2014July 14, 2014July 15, 2014July 16, 2014July 17, 2014July 18, 2014July 19, 2014July 20, 2014July 21, 2014July 22, 2014July 23, 2014July 24, 2014July 25, 2014July 26, 2014July 27, 2014July 28, 2014July 29, 2014July 30, 2014July 31, 2014 August 1, 2014August 2, 2014August 3, 2014August 4, 2014August 5, 2014August 6, 2014August 7, 2014August 8, 2014August 9, 2014August 10, 2014August 11, 2014August 12, 2014August 13, 2014August 14, 2014August 15, 2014August 16, 2014August 17, 2014August 18, 2014August 19, 2014August 20, 2014August 21, 2014August 22, 2014August 23, 2014August 24, 2014August 25, 2014August 26, 2014August 27, 2014August 28, 2014August 29, 2014August 30, 2014August 31, 2014 September 1, 2014September 2, 2014September 3, 2014September 4, 2014September 5, 2014September 6, 2014September 7, 2014September 8, 2014September 9, 2014September 10, 2014September 11, 2014September 12, 2014September 13, 2014September 14, 2014September 15, 2014September 16, 2014September 17, 2014September 18, 2014September 19, 2014September 20, 2014September 21, 2014September 22, 2014September 23, 2014September 24, 2014September 25, 2014September 26, 2014September 27, 2014September 28, 2014September 29, 2014September 30, 2014 October 1, 2014October 2, 2014October 3, 2014October 4, 2014October 5, 2014October 6, 2014October 7, 2014October 8, 2014October 9, 2014October 10, 2014October 11, 2014October 12, 2014October 13, 2014October 14, 2014October 15, 2014October 16, 2014October 17, 2014October 18, 2014October 19, 2014October 20, 2014October 21, 2014October 22, 2014October 23, 2014October 24, 2014October 25, 2014October 26, 2014October 27, 2014October 28, 2014October 29, 2014October 30, 2014October 31, 2014 November 1, 2014November 2, 2014November 3, 2014November 4, 2014November 5, 2014November 6, 2014November 7, 2014November 8, 2014November 9, 2014November 10, 2014November 11, 2014November 12, 2014November 13, 2014November 14, 2014November 15, 2014November 16, 2014November 17, 2014November 18, 2014November 19, 2014November 20, 2014November 21, 2014November 22, 2014November 23, 2014November 24, 2014November 25, 2014November 26, 2014November 27, 2014November 28, 2014November 29, 2014November 30, 2014 December 1, 2014December 2, 2014December 3, 2014December 4, 2014December 5, 2014December 6, 2014December 7, 2014December 8, 2014December 9, 2014December 10, 2014December 11, 2014December 12, 2014December 13, 2014December 14, 2014December 15, 2014December 16, 2014December 17, 2014December 18, 2014December 19, 2014December 20, 2014December 21, 2014December 22, 2014December 23, 2014December 24, 2014December 25, 2014December 26, 2014December 27, 2014December 28, 2014December 29, 2014December 30, 2014December 31, 2014 January 1, 2015January 2, 2015January 3, 2015January 4, 2015January 5, 2015January 6, 2015January 7, 2015January 8, 2015January 9, 2015January 10, 2015January 11, 2015January 12, 2015January 13, 2015January 14, 2015January 15, 2015January 16, 2015January 17, 2015January 18, 2015January 19, 2015January 20, 2015January 21, 2015January 22, 2015January 23, 2015January 24, 2015January 25, 2015January 26, 2015January 27, 2015January 28, 2015January 29, 2015January 30, 2015January 31, 2015 February 1, 2015February 2, 2015February 3, 2015February 4, 2015February 5, 2015February 6, 2015February 7, 2015February 8, 2015February 9, 2015February 10, 2015February 11, 2015February 12, 2015February 13, 2015February 14, 2015February 15, 2015February 16, 2015February 17, 2015February 18, 2015February 19, 2015February 20, 2015February 21, 2015February 22, 2015February 23, 2015February 24, 2015February 25, 2015February 26, 2015February 27, 2015February 28, 2015 March 1, 2015March 2, 2015March 3, 2015March 4, 2015March 5, 2015March 6, 2015March 7, 2015March 8, 2015March 9, 2015March 10, 2015March 11, 2015March 12, 2015March 13, 2015March 14, 2015March 15, 2015March 16, 2015March 17, 2015March 18, 2015March 19, 2015March 20, 2015March 21, 2015March 22, 2015March 23, 2015March 24, 2015March 25, 2015March 26, 2015March 27, 2015March 28, 2015March 29, 2015March 30, 2015March 31, 2015 April 1, 2015April 2, 2015April 3, 2015April 4, 2015April 5, 2015April 6, 2015April 7, 2015April 8, 2015April 9, 2015April 10, 2015April 11, 2015April 12, 2015April 13, 2015April 14, 2015April 15, 2015April 16, 2015April 17, 2015April 18, 2015April 19, 2015April 20, 2015April 21, 2015April 22, 2015April 23, 2015April 24, 2015April 25, 2015April 26, 2015April 27, 2015April 28, 2015April 29, 2015April 30, 2015 May 1, 2015May 2, 2015May 3, 2015May 4, 2015May 5, 2015May 6, 2015May 7, 2015May 8, 2015May 9, 2015May 10, 2015May 11, 2015May 12, 2015May 13, 2015May 14, 2015May 15, 2015May 16, 2015May 17, 2015May 18, 2015May 19, 2015May 20, 2015May 21, 2015May 22, 2015May 23, 2015May 24, 2015May 25, 2015May 26, 2015May 27, 2015May 28, 2015May 29, 2015May 30, 2015May 31, 2015 June 1, 2015June 2, 2015June 3, 2015June 4, 2015June 5, 2015June 6, 2015June 7, 2015June 8, 2015June 9, 2015June 10, 2015June 11, 2015June 12, 2015June 13, 2015June 14, 2015June 15, 2015June 16, 2015June 17, 2015June 18, 2015June 19, 2015June 20, 2015June 21, 2015June 22, 2015June 23, 2015June 24, 2015June 25, 2015June 26, 2015June 27, 2015June 28, 2015June 29, 2015June 30, 2015 July 1, 2015July 2, 2015July 3, 2015July 4, 2015July 5, 2015July 6, 2015July 7, 2015July 8, 2015July 9, 2015July 10, 2015July 11, 2015July 12, 2015July 13, 2015July 14, 2015July 15, 2015July 16, 2015July 17, 2015July 18, 2015July 19, 2015July 20, 2015July 21, 2015July 22, 2015July 23, 2015July 24, 2015July 25, 2015July 26, 2015July 27, 2015July 28, 2015July 29, 2015July 30, 2015July 31, 2015 August 1, 2015August 2, 2015August 3, 2015August 4, 2015August 5, 2015August 6, 2015August 7, 2015August 8, 2015August 9, 2015August 10, 2015August 11, 2015August 12, 2015August 13, 2015August 14, 2015August 15, 2015August 16, 2015August 17, 2015August 18, 2015August 19, 2015August 20, 2015August 21, 2015August 22, 2015August 23, 2015August 24, 2015August 25, 2015August 26, 2015August 27, 2015August 28, 2015August 29, 2015August 30, 2015August 31, 2015 September 1, 2015September 2, 2015September 3, 2015September 4, 2015September 5, 2015September 6, 2015September 7, 2015September 8, 2015September 9, 2015September 10, 2015September 11, 2015September 12, 2015September 13, 2015September 14, 2015September 15, 2015September 16, 2015September 17, 2015September 18, 2015September 19, 2015September 20, 2015September 21, 2015September 22, 2015September 23, 2015September 24, 2015September 25, 2015September 26, 2015September 27, 2015September 28, 2015September 29, 2015September 30, 2015 October 1, 2015October 2, 2015October 3, 2015October 4, 2015October 5, 2015October 6, 2015October 7, 2015October 8, 2015October 9, 2015October 10, 2015October 11, 2015October 12, 2015October 13, 2015October 14, 2015October 15, 2015October 16, 2015October 17, 2015October 18, 2015October 19, 2015October 20, 2015October 21, 2015October 22, 2015October 23, 2015October 24, 2015October 25, 2015October 26, 2015October 27, 2015October 28, 2015October 29, 2015October 30, 2015October 31, 2015 November 1, 2015November 2, 2015November 3, 2015November 4, 2015November 5, 2015November 6, 2015November 7, 2015November 8, 2015November 9, 2015November 10, 2015November 11, 2015November 12, 2015November 13, 2015November 14, 2015November 15, 2015November 16, 2015November 17, 2015November 18, 2015November 19, 2015November 20, 2015November 21, 2015November 22, 2015November 23, 2015November 24, 2015November 25, 2015November 26, 2015November 27, 2015November 28, 2015November 29, 2015November 30, 2015 December 1, 2015December 2, 2015December 3, 2015December 4, 2015December 5, 2015December 6, 2015December 7, 2015December 8, 2015December 9, 2015December 10, 2015December 11, 2015December 12, 2015December 13, 2015December 14, 2015December 15, 2015December 16, 2015December 17, 2015December 18, 2015December 19, 2015December 20, 2015December 21, 2015December 22, 2015December 23, 2015December 24, 2015December 25, 2015December 26, 2015December 27, 2015December 28, 2015December 29, 2015December 30, 2015December 31, 2015 January 1, 2016January 2, 2016January 3, 2016January 4, 2016January 5, 2016January 6, 2016January 7, 2016January 8, 2016January 9, 2016January 10, 2016January 11, 2016January 12, 2016January 13, 2016January 14, 2016January 15, 2016January 16, 2016January 17, 2016January 18, 2016January 19, 2016January 20, 2016January 21, 2016January 22, 2016January 23, 2016January 24, 2016January 25, 2016January 26, 2016January 27, 2016January 28, 2016January 29, 2016January 30, 2016January 31, 2016 February 1, 2016February 2, 2016February 3, 2016February 4, 2016February 5, 2016February 6, 2016February 7, 2016February 8, 2016February 9, 2016February 10, 2016February 11, 2016February 12, 2016February 13, 2016February 14, 2016February 15, 2016February 16, 2016February 17, 2016February 18, 2016February 19, 2016February 20, 2016February 21, 2016February 22, 2016February 23, 2016February 24, 2016February 25, 2016February 26, 2016February 27, 2016February 28, 2016February 29, 2016 March 1, 2016March 2, 2016March 3, 2016March 4, 2016March 5, 2016March 6, 2016March 7, 2016March 8, 2016March 9, 2016March 10, 2016March 11, 2016March 12, 2016March 13, 2016March 14, 2016March 15, 2016March 16, 2016March 17, 2016March 18, 2016March 19, 2016March 20, 2016March 21, 2016March 22, 2016March 23, 2016March 24, 2016March 25, 2016March 26, 2016March 27, 2016March 28, 2016March 29, 2016March 30, 2016March 31, 2016 April 1, 2016April 2, 2016April 3, 2016April 4, 2016April 5, 2016April 6, 2016April 7, 2016April 8, 2016April 9, 2016April 10, 2016April 11, 2016April 12, 2016April 13, 2016April 14, 2016April 15, 2016April 16, 2016April 17, 2016April 18, 2016April 19, 2016April 20, 2016April 21, 2016April 22, 2016April 23, 2016April 24, 2016April 25, 2016April 26, 2016April 27, 2016April 28, 2016April 29, 2016April 30, 2016 May 1, 2016May 2, 2016May 3, 2016May 4, 2016May 5, 2016May 6, 2016May 7, 2016May 8, 2016May 9, 2016May 10, 2016May 11, 2016May 12, 2016May 13, 2016May 14, 2016May 15, 2016May 16, 2016May 17, 2016May 18, 2016May 19, 2016May 20, 2016May 21, 2016May 22, 2016May 23, 2016May 24, 2016May 25, 2016May 26, 2016May 27, 2016May 28, 2016May 29, 2016May 30, 2016May 31, 2016 June 1, 2016June 2, 2016June 3, 2016June 4, 2016June 5, 2016June 6, 2016June 7, 2016June 8, 2016June 9, 2016June 10, 2016June 11, 2016June 12, 2016June 13, 2016June 14, 2016June 15, 2016June 16, 2016June 17, 2016June 18, 2016June 19, 2016June 20, 2016June 21, 2016June 22, 2016June 23, 2016June 24, 2016June 25, 2016June 26, 2016June 27, 2016June 28, 2016June 29, 2016June 30, 2016 July 1, 2016July 2, 2016July 3, 2016July 4, 2016July 5, 2016July 6, 2016July 7, 2016July 8, 2016July 9, 2016July 10, 2016July 11, 2016July 12, 2016July 13, 2016July 14, 2016July 15, 2016July 16, 2016July 17, 2016July 18, 2016July 19, 2016July 20, 2016July 21, 2016July 22, 2016July 23, 2016July 24, 2016July 25, 2016July 26, 2016July 27, 2016July 28, 2016July 29, 2016July 30, 2016July 31, 2016 August 1, 2016August 2, 2016August 3, 2016August 4, 2016August 5, 2016August 6, 2016August 7, 2016August 8, 2016August 9, 2016August 10, 2016August 11, 2016August 12, 2016August 13, 2016August 14, 2016August 15, 2016August 16, 2016August 17, 2016August 18, 2016August 19, 2016August 20, 2016August 21, 2016August 22, 2016August 23, 2016August 24, 2016August 25, 2016August 26, 2016August 27, 2016August 28, 2016August 29, 2016August 30, 2016August 31, 2016 September 1, 2016September 2, 2016September 3, 2016September 4, 2016September 5, 2016September 6, 2016September 7, 2016September 8, 2016September 9, 2016September 10, 2016September 11, 2016September 12, 2016September 13, 2016September 14, 2016September 15, 2016September 16, 2016September 17, 2016September 18, 2016September 19, 2016September 20, 2016September 21, 2016September 22, 2016September 23, 2016September 24, 2016September 25, 2016September 26, 2016September 27, 2016September 28, 2016September 29, 2016September 30, 2016 October 1, 2016October 2, 2016October 3, 2016October 4, 2016October 5, 2016October 6, 2016October 7, 2016October 8, 2016October 9, 2016October 10, 2016October 11, 2016October 12, 2016October 13, 2016October 14, 2016October 15, 2016October 16, 2016October 17, 2016October 18, 2016October 19, 2016October 20, 2016October 21, 2016October 22, 2016October 23, 2016October 24, 2016October 25, 2016October 26, 2016October 27, 2016October 28, 2016October 29, 2016October 30, 2016October 31, 2016 November 1, 2016November 2, 2016November 3, 2016November 4, 2016November 5, 2016November 6, 2016November 7, 2016November 8, 2016November 9, 2016November 10, 2016November 11, 2016November 12, 2016November 13, 2016November 14, 2016November 15, 2016November 16, 2016November 17, 2016November 18, 2016November 19, 2016November 20, 2016November 21, 2016November 22, 2016November 23, 2016November 24, 2016November 25, 2016November 26, 2016November 27, 2016November 28, 2016November 29, 2016November 30, 2016 December 1, 2016December 2, 2016December 3, 2016December 4, 2016December 5, 2016December 6, 2016December 7, 2016December 8, 2016December 9, 2016December 10, 2016December 11, 2016December 12, 2016December 13, 2016December 14, 2016December 15, 2016December 16, 2016December 17, 2016December 18, 2016December 19, 2016December 20, 2016December 21, 2016December 22, 2016December 23, 2016December 24, 2016December 25, 2016December 26, 2016December 27, 2016December 28, 2016December 29, 2016December 30, 2016December 31, 2016 January 1, 2017January 2, 2017January 3, 2017January 4, 2017January 5, 2017January 6, 2017January 7, 2017January 8, 2017January 9, 2017January 10, 2017January 11, 2017January 12, 2017January 13, 2017January 14, 2017January 15, 2017January 16, 2017January 17, 2017January 18, 2017January 19, 2017January 20, 2017January 21, 2017January 22, 2017January 23, 2017January 24, 2017January 25, 2017January 26, 2017January 27, 2017January 28, 2017January 29, 2017January 30, 2017January 31, 2017 February 1, 2017February 2, 2017February 3, 2017February 4, 2017February 5, 2017February 6, 2017February 7, 2017February 8, 2017February 9, 2017February 10, 2017February 11, 2017February 12, 2017February 13, 2017February 14, 2017February 15, 2017February 16, 2017February 17, 2017February 18, 2017February 19, 2017February 20, 2017February 21, 2017February 22, 2017February 23, 2017February 24, 2017February 25, 2017February 26, 2017February 27, 2017February 28, 2017 March 1, 2017March 2, 2017March 3, 2017March 4, 2017March 5, 2017March 6, 2017March 7, 2017March 8, 2017March 9, 2017March 10, 2017March 11, 2017March 12, 2017March 13, 2017March 14, 2017March 15, 2017March 16, 2017March 17, 2017March 18, 2017March 19, 2017March 20, 2017March 21, 2017March 22, 2017March 23, 2017March 24, 2017March 25, 2017March 26, 2017March 27, 2017March 28, 2017March 29, 2017March 30, 2017March 31, 2017 April 1, 2017April 2, 2017April 3, 2017April 4, 2017April 5, 2017April 6, 2017April 7, 2017April 8, 2017April 9, 2017April 10, 2017April 11, 2017April 12, 2017April 13, 2017April 14, 2017April 15, 2017April 16, 2017April 17, 2017April 18, 2017April 19, 2017April 20, 2017April 21, 2017April 22, 2017April 23, 2017April 24, 2017April 25, 2017April 26, 2017April 27, 2017April 28, 2017April 29, 2017April 30, 2017 May 1, 2017May 2, 2017May 3, 2017May 4, 2017May 5, 2017May 6, 2017May 7, 2017May 8, 2017May 9, 2017May 10, 2017May 11, 2017May 12, 2017May 13, 2017May 14, 2017May 15, 2017May 16, 2017May 17, 2017May 18, 2017May 19, 2017May 20, 2017May 21, 2017May 22, 2017May 23, 2017May 24, 2017May 25, 2017May 26, 2017May 27, 2017May 28, 2017May 29, 2017May 30, 2017May 31, 2017 June 1, 2017June 2, 2017June 3, 2017June 4, 2017June 5, 2017June 6, 2017June 7, 2017June 8, 2017June 9, 2017June 10, 2017June 11, 2017June 12, 2017June 13, 2017June 14, 2017June 15, 2017June 16, 2017June 17, 2017June 18, 2017June 19, 2017June 20, 2017June 21, 2017June 22, 2017June 23, 2017June 24, 2017June 25, 2017June 26, 2017June 27, 2017June 28, 2017June 29, 2017June 30, 2017 July 1, 2017July 2, 2017July 3, 2017July 4, 2017July 5, 2017July 6, 2017July 7, 2017July 8, 2017July 9, 2017July 10, 2017July 11, 2017July 12, 2017July 13, 2017July 14, 2017July 15, 2017July 16, 2017July 17, 2017July 18, 2017July 19, 2017July 20, 2017July 21, 2017July 22, 2017July 23, 2017July 24, 2017July 25, 2017July 26, 2017July 27, 2017July 28, 2017July 29, 2017July 30, 2017July 31, 2017 August 1, 2017August 2, 2017August 3, 2017August 4, 2017August 5, 2017August 6, 2017August 7, 2017August 8, 2017August 9, 2017August 10, 2017August 11, 2017August 12, 2017August 13, 2017August 14, 2017August 15, 2017August 16, 2017August 17, 2017August 18, 2017August 19, 2017August 20, 2017August 21, 2017August 22, 2017August 23, 2017August 24, 2017August 25, 2017August 26, 2017August 27, 2017August 28, 2017August 29, 2017August 30, 2017August 31, 2017 September 1, 2017September 2, 2017September 3, 2017September 4, 2017September 5, 2017September 6, 2017September 7, 2017September 8, 2017September 9, 2017September 10, 2017September 11, 2017September 12, 2017September 13, 2017September 14, 2017September 15, 2017September 16, 2017September 17, 2017September 18, 2017September 19, 2017September 20, 2017September 21, 2017September 22, 2017September 23, 2017September 24, 2017September 25, 2017September 26, 2017September 27, 2017September 28, 2017September 29, 2017September 30, 2017 October 1, 2017October 2, 2017October 3, 2017October 4, 2017October 5, 2017October 6, 2017October 7, 2017October 8, 2017October 9, 2017October 10, 2017October 11, 2017October 12, 2017October 13, 2017October 14, 2017October 15, 2017October 16, 2017October 17, 2017October 18, 2017October 19, 2017October 20, 2017October 21, 2017October 22, 2017October 23, 2017October 24, 2017October 25, 2017October 26, 2017October 27, 2017October 28, 2017October 29, 2017October 30, 2017October 31, 2017 November 1, 2017November 2, 2017November 3, 2017November 4, 2017November 5, 2017November 6, 2017November 7, 2017November 8, 2017November 9, 2017November 10, 2017November 11, 2017November 12, 2017November 13, 2017November 14, 2017November 15, 2017November 16, 2017November 17, 2017November 18, 2017November 19, 2017November 20, 2017November 21, 2017November 22, 2017November 23, 2017November 24, 2017November 25, 2017November 26, 2017November 27, 2017November 28, 2017November 29, 2017November 30, 2017 December 1, 2017December 2, 2017December 3, 2017December 4, 2017December 5, 2017December 6, 2017December 7, 2017December 8, 2017December 9, 2017December 10, 2017December 11, 2017December 12, 2017December 13, 2017December 14, 2017December 15, 2017December 16, 2017December 17, 2017December 18, 2017December 19, 2017December 20, 2017December 21, 2017December 22, 2017December 23, 2017December 24, 2017December 25, 2017December 26, 2017December 27, 2017December 28, 2017December 29, 2017December 30, 2017December 31, 2017 January 1, 2018January 2, 2018January 3, 2018January 4, 2018January 5, 2018January 6, 2018January 7, 2018January 8, 2018January 9, 2018January 10, 2018January 11, 2018January 12, 2018January 13, 2018January 14, 2018January 15, 2018January 16, 2018January 17, 2018January 18, 2018January 19, 2018January 20, 2018January 21, 2018January 22, 2018January 23, 2018January 24, 2018January 25, 2018January 26, 2018January 27, 2018January 28, 2018January 29, 2018January 30, 2018January 31, 2018 February 1, 2018February 2, 2018February 3, 2018February 4, 2018February 5, 2018February 6, 2018February 7, 2018February 8, 2018February 9, 2018February 10, 2018February 11, 2018February 12, 2018February 13, 2018February 14, 2018February 15, 2018February 16, 2018February 17, 2018February 18, 2018February 19, 2018February 20, 2018February 21, 2018February 22, 2018February 23, 2018February 24, 2018February 25, 2018February 26, 2018February 27, 2018February 28, 2018 March 1, 2018March 2, 2018March 3, 2018March 4, 2018March 5, 2018March 6, 2018March 7, 2018March 8, 2018March 9, 2018March 10, 2018March 11, 2018March 12, 2018March 13, 2018March 14, 2018March 15, 2018March 16, 2018March 17, 2018March 18, 2018March 19, 2018March 20, 2018March 21, 2018March 22, 2018March 23, 2018March 24, 2018March 25, 2018March 26, 2018March 27, 2018March 28, 2018March 29, 2018March 30, 2018March 31, 2018 April 1, 2018April 2, 2018April 3, 2018April 4, 2018April 5, 2018April 6, 2018April 7, 2018April 8, 2018April 9, 2018April 10, 2018April 11, 2018April 12, 2018April 13, 2018April 14, 2018April 15, 2018April 16, 2018April 17, 2018April 18, 2018April 19, 2018April 20, 2018April 21, 2018April 22, 2018April 23, 2018April 24, 2018April 25, 2018April 26, 2018April 27, 2018April 28, 2018April 29, 2018April 30, 2018 May 1, 2018May 2, 2018May 3, 2018May 4, 2018May 5, 2018May 6, 2018May 7, 2018May 8, 2018May 9, 2018May 10, 2018May 11, 2018May 12, 2018May 13, 2018May 14, 2018May 15, 2018May 16, 2018May 17, 2018May 18, 2018May 19, 2018May 20, 2018May 21, 2018May 22, 2018May 23, 2018May 24, 2018May 25, 2018May 26, 2018May 27, 2018May 28, 2018May 29, 2018May 30, 2018May 31, 2018 June 1, 2018June 2, 2018June 3, 2018June 4, 2018June 5, 2018June 6, 2018June 7, 2018June 8, 2018June 9, 2018June 10, 2018June 11, 2018June 12, 2018June 13, 2018June 14, 2018June 15, 2018June 16, 2018June 17, 2018June 18, 2018June 19, 2018June 20, 2018June 21, 2018June 22, 2018June 23, 2018June 24, 2018June 25, 2018June 26, 2018June 27, 2018June 28, 2018June 29, 2018June 30, 2018 July 1, 2018July 2, 2018July 3, 2018July 4, 2018July 5, 2018July 6, 2018July 7, 2018July 8, 2018July 9, 2018July 10, 2018July 11, 2018July 12, 2018July 13, 2018July 14, 2018July 15, 2018July 16, 2018July 17, 2018July 18, 2018July 19, 2018July 20, 2018July 21, 2018July 22, 2018July 23, 2018July 24, 2018July 25, 2018July 26, 2018July 27, 2018July 28, 2018July 29, 2018July 30, 2018July 31, 2018 August 1, 2018August 2, 2018August 3, 2018August 4, 2018August 5, 2018August 6, 2018August 7, 2018August 8, 2018August 9, 2018August 10, 2018August 11, 2018August 12, 2018August 13, 2018August 14, 2018August 15, 2018August 16, 2018August 17, 2018August 18, 2018August 19, 2018August 20, 2018August 21, 2018August 22, 2018August 23, 2018August 24, 2018August 25, 2018August 26, 2018August 27, 2018August 28, 2018August 29, 2018August 30, 2018August 31, 2018 September 1, 2018September 2, 2018September 3, 2018September 4, 2018September 5, 2018September 6, 2018September 7, 2018September 8, 2018September 9, 2018September 10, 2018September 11, 2018September 12, 2018September 13, 2018September 14, 2018September 15, 2018September 16, 2018September 17, 2018September 18, 2018September 19, 2018September 20, 2018September 21, 2018September 22, 2018September 23, 2018September 24, 2018September 25, 2018September 26, 2018September 27, 2018September 28, 2018September 29, 2018September 30, 2018 October 1, 2018October 2, 2018October 3, 2018October 4, 2018October 5, 2018October 6, 2018October 7, 2018October 8, 2018 May 28, 2014May 29, 2014May 30, 2014May 31, 2014 June 1, 2014June 2, 2014June 3, 2014June 4, 2014June 5, 2014June 6, 2014June 7, 2014June 8, 2014June 9, 2014June 10, 2014June 11, 2014June 12, 2014June 13, 2014June 14, 2014June 15, 2014June 16, 2014June 17, 2014June 18, 2014June 19, 2014June 20, 2014June 21, 2014June 22, 2014June 23, 2014June 24, 2014June 25, 2014June 26, 2014June 27, 2014June 28, 2014June 29, 2014June 30, 2014 July 1, 2014July 2, 2014July 3, 2014July 4, 2014July 5, 2014July 6, 2014July 7, 2014July 8, 2014July 9, 2014July 10, 2014July 11, 2014July 12, 2014July 13, 2014July 14, 2014July 15, 2014July 16, 2014July 17, 2014July 18, 2014July 19, 2014July 20, 2014July 21, 2014July 22, 2014July 23, 2014July 24, 2014July 25, 2014July 26, 2014July 27, 2014July 28, 2014July 29, 2014July 30, 2014July 31, 2014 August 1, 2014August 2, 2014August 3, 2014August 4, 2014August 5, 2014August 6, 2014August 7, 2014August 8, 2014August 9, 2014August 10, 2014August 11, 2014August 12, 2014August 13, 2014August 14, 2014August 15, 2014August 16, 2014August 17, 2014August 18, 2014August 19, 2014August 20, 2014August 21, 2014August 22, 2014August 23, 2014August 24, 2014August 25, 2014August 26, 2014August 27, 2014August 28, 2014August 29, 2014August 30, 2014August 31, 2014 September 1, 2014September 2, 2014September 3, 2014September 4, 2014September 5, 2014September 6, 2014September 7, 2014September 8, 2014September 9, 2014September 10, 2014September 11, 2014September 12, 2014September 13, 2014September 14, 2014September 15, 2014September 16, 2014September 17, 2014September 18, 2014September 19, 2014September 20, 2014September 21, 2014September 22, 2014September 23, 2014September 24, 2014September 25, 2014September 26, 2014September 27, 2014September 28, 2014September 29, 2014September 30, 2014 October 1, 2014October 2, 2014October 3, 2014October 4, 2014October 5, 2014October 6, 2014October 7, 2014October 8, 2014October 9, 2014October 10, 2014October 11, 2014October 12, 2014October 13, 2014October 14, 2014October 15, 2014October 16, 2014October 17, 2014October 18, 2014October 19, 2014October 20, 2014October 21, 2014October 22, 2014October 23, 2014October 24, 2014October 25, 2014October 26, 2014October 27, 2014October 28, 2014October 29, 2014October 30, 2014October 31, 2014 November 1, 2014November 2, 2014November 3, 2014November 4, 2014November 5, 2014November 6, 2014November 7, 2014November 8, 2014November 9, 2014November 10, 2014November 11, 2014November 12, 2014November 13, 2014November 14, 2014November 15, 2014November 16, 2014November 17, 2014November 18, 2014November 19, 2014November 20, 2014November 21, 2014November 22, 2014November 23, 2014November 24, 2014November 25, 2014November 26, 2014November 27, 2014November 28, 2014November 29, 2014November 30, 2014 December 1, 2014December 2, 2014December 3, 2014December 4, 2014December 5, 2014December 6, 2014December 7, 2014December 8, 2014December 9, 2014December 10, 2014December 11, 2014December 12, 2014December 13, 2014December 14, 2014December 15, 2014December 16, 2014December 17, 2014December 18, 2014December 19, 2014December 20, 2014December 21, 2014December 22, 2014December 23, 2014December 24, 2014December 25, 2014December 26, 2014December 27, 2014December 28, 2014December 29, 2014December 30, 2014December 31, 2014 January 1, 2015January 2, 2015January 3, 2015January 4, 2015January 5, 2015January 6, 2015January 7, 2015January 8, 2015January 9, 2015January 10, 2015January 11, 2015January 12, 2015January 13, 2015January 14, 2015January 15, 2015January 16, 2015January 17, 2015January 18, 2015January 19, 2015January 20, 2015January 21, 2015January 22, 2015January 23, 2015January 24, 2015January 25, 2015January 26, 2015January 27, 2015January 28, 2015January 29, 2015January 30, 2015January 31, 2015 February 1, 2015February 2, 2015February 3, 2015February 4, 2015February 5, 2015February 6, 2015February 7, 2015February 8, 2015February 9, 2015February 10, 2015February 11, 2015February 12, 2015February 13, 2015February 14, 2015February 15, 2015February 16, 2015February 17, 2015February 18, 2015February 19, 2015February 20, 2015February 21, 2015February 22, 2015February 23, 2015February 24, 2015February 25, 2015February 26, 2015February 27, 2015February 28, 2015 March 1, 2015March 2, 2015March 3, 2015March 4, 2015March 5, 2015March 6, 2015March 7, 2015March 8, 2015March 9, 2015March 10, 2015March 11, 2015March 12, 2015March 13, 2015March 14, 2015March 15, 2015March 16, 2015March 17, 2015March 18, 2015March 19, 2015March 20, 2015March 21, 2015March 22, 2015March 23, 2015March 24, 2015March 25, 2015March 26, 2015March 27, 2015March 28, 2015March 29, 2015March 30, 2015March 31, 2015 April 1, 2015April 2, 2015April 3, 2015April 4, 2015April 5, 2015April 6, 2015April 7, 2015April 8, 2015April 9, 2015April 10, 2015April 11, 2015April 12, 2015April 13, 2015April 14, 2015April 15, 2015April 16, 2015April 17, 2015April 18, 2015April 19, 2015April 20, 2015April 21, 2015April 22, 2015April 23, 2015April 24, 2015April 25, 2015April 26, 2015April 27, 2015April 28, 2015April 29, 2015April 30, 2015 May 1, 2015May 2, 2015May 3, 2015May 4, 2015May 5, 2015May 6, 2015May 7, 2015May 8, 2015May 9, 2015May 10, 2015May 11, 2015May 12, 2015May 13, 2015May 14, 2015May 15, 2015May 16, 2015May 17, 2015May 18, 2015May 19, 2015May 20, 2015May 21, 2015May 22, 2015May 23, 2015May 24, 2015May 25, 2015May 26, 2015May 27, 2015May 28, 2015May 29, 2015May 30, 2015May 31, 2015 June 1, 2015June 2, 2015June 3, 2015June 4, 2015June 5, 2015June 6, 2015June 7, 2015June 8, 2015June 9, 2015June 10, 2015June 11, 2015June 12, 2015June 13, 2015June 14, 2015June 15, 2015June 16, 2015June 17, 2015June 18, 2015June 19, 2015June 20, 2015June 21, 2015June 22, 2015June 23, 2015June 24, 2015June 25, 2015June 26, 2015June 27, 2015June 28, 2015June 29, 2015June 30, 2015 July 1, 2015July 2, 2015July 3, 2015July 4, 2015July 5, 2015July 6, 2015July 7, 2015July 8, 2015July 9, 2015July 10, 2015July 11, 2015July 12, 2015July 13, 2015July 14, 2015July 15, 2015July 16, 2015July 17, 2015July 18, 2015July 19, 2015July 20, 2015July 21, 2015July 22, 2015July 23, 2015July 24, 2015July 25, 2015July 26, 2015July 27, 2015July 28, 2015July 29, 2015July 30, 2015July 31, 2015 August 1, 2015August 2, 2015August 3, 2015August 4, 2015August 5, 2015August 6, 2015August 7, 2015August 8, 2015August 9, 2015August 10, 2015August 11, 2015August 12, 2015August 13, 2015August 14, 2015August 15, 2015August 16, 2015August 17, 2015August 18, 2015August 19, 2015August 20, 2015August 21, 2015August 22, 2015August 23, 2015August 24, 2015August 25, 2015August 26, 2015August 27, 2015August 28, 2015August 29, 2015August 30, 2015August 31, 2015 September 1, 2015September 2, 2015September 3, 2015September 4, 2015September 5, 2015September 6, 2015September 7, 2015September 8, 2015September 9, 2015September 10, 2015September 11, 2015September 12, 2015September 13, 2015September 14, 2015September 15, 2015September 16, 2015September 17, 2015September 18, 2015September 19, 2015September 20, 2015September 21, 2015September 22, 2015September 23, 2015September 24, 2015September 25, 2015September 26, 2015September 27, 2015September 28, 2015September 29, 2015September 30, 2015 October 1, 2015October 2, 2015October 3, 2015October 4, 2015October 5, 2015October 6, 2015October 7, 2015October 8, 2015October 9, 2015October 10, 2015October 11, 2015October 12, 2015October 13, 2015October 14, 2015October 15, 2015October 16, 2015October 17, 2015October 18, 2015October 19, 2015October 20, 2015October 21, 2015October 22, 2015October 23, 2015October 24, 2015October 25, 2015October 26, 2015October 27, 2015October 28, 2015October 29, 2015October 30, 2015October 31, 2015 November 1, 2015November 2, 2015November 3, 2015November 4, 2015November 5, 2015November 6, 2015November 7, 2015November 8, 2015November 9, 2015November 10, 2015November 11, 2015November 12, 2015November 13, 2015November 14, 2015November 15, 2015November 16, 2015November 17, 2015November 18, 2015November 19, 2015November 20, 2015November 21, 2015November 22, 2015November 23, 2015November 24, 2015November 25, 2015November 26, 2015November 27, 2015November 28, 2015November 29, 2015November 30, 2015 December 1, 2015December 2, 2015December 3, 2015December 4, 2015December 5, 2015December 6, 2015December 7, 2015December 8, 2015December 9, 2015December 10, 2015December 11, 2015December 12, 2015December 13, 2015December 14, 2015December 15, 2015December 16, 2015December 17, 2015December 18, 2015December 19, 2015December 20, 2015December 21, 2015December 22, 2015December 23, 2015December 24, 2015December 25, 2015December 26, 2015December 27, 2015December 28, 2015December 29, 2015December 30, 2015December 31, 2015 January 1, 2016January 2, 2016January 3, 2016January 4, 2016January 5, 2016January 6, 2016January 7, 2016January 8, 2016January 9, 2016January 10, 2016January 11, 2016January 12, 2016January 13, 2016January 14, 2016January 15, 2016January 16, 2016January 17, 2016January 18, 2016January 19, 2016January 20, 2016January 21, 2016January 22, 2016January 23, 2016January 24, 2016January 25, 2016January 26, 2016January 27, 2016January 28, 2016January 29, 2016January 30, 2016January 31, 2016 February 1, 2016February 2, 2016February 3, 2016February 4, 2016February 5, 2016February 6, 2016February 7, 2016February 8, 2016February 9, 2016February 10, 2016February 11, 2016February 12, 2016February 13, 2016February 14, 2016February 15, 2016February 16, 2016February 17, 2016February 18, 2016February 19, 2016February 20, 2016February 21, 2016February 22, 2016February 23, 2016February 24, 2016February 25, 2016February 26, 2016February 27, 2016February 28, 2016February 29, 2016 March 1, 2016March 2, 2016March 3, 2016March 4, 2016March 5, 2016March 6, 2016March 7, 2016March 8, 2016March 9, 2016March 10, 2016March 11, 2016March 12, 2016March 13, 2016March 14, 2016March 15, 2016March 16, 2016March 17, 2016March 18, 2016March 19, 2016March 20, 2016March 21, 2016March 22, 2016March 23, 2016March 24, 2016March 25, 2016March 26, 2016March 27, 2016March 28, 2016March 29, 2016March 30, 2016March 31, 2016 April 1, 2016April 2, 2016April 3, 2016April 4, 2016April 5, 2016April 6, 2016April 7, 2016April 8, 2016April 9, 2016April 10, 2016April 11, 2016April 12, 2016April 13, 2016April 14, 2016April 15, 2016April 16, 2016April 17, 2016April 18, 2016April 19, 2016April 20, 2016April 21, 2016April 22, 2016April 23, 2016April 24, 2016April 25, 2016April 26, 2016April 27, 2016April 28, 2016April 29, 2016April 30, 2016 May 1, 2016May 2, 2016May 3, 2016May 4, 2016May 5, 2016May 6, 2016May 7, 2016May 8, 2016May 9, 2016May 10, 2016May 11, 2016May 12, 2016May 13, 2016May 14, 2016May 15, 2016May 16, 2016May 17, 2016May 18, 2016May 19, 2016May 20, 2016May 21, 2016May 22, 2016May 23, 2016May 24, 2016May 25, 2016May 26, 2016May 27, 2016May 28, 2016May 29, 2016May 30, 2016May 31, 2016 June 1, 2016June 2, 2016June 3, 2016June 4, 2016June 5, 2016June 6, 2016June 7, 2016June 8, 2016June 9, 2016June 10, 2016June 11, 2016June 12, 2016June 13, 2016June 14, 2016June 15, 2016June 16, 2016June 17, 2016June 18, 2016June 19, 2016June 20, 2016June 21, 2016June 22, 2016June 23, 2016June 24, 2016June 25, 2016June 26, 2016June 27, 2016June 28, 2016June 29, 2016June 30, 2016 July 1, 2016July 2, 2016July 3, 2016July 4, 2016July 5, 2016July 6, 2016July 7, 2016July 8, 2016July 9, 2016July 10, 2016July 11, 2016July 12, 2016July 13, 2016July 14, 2016July 15, 2016July 16, 2016July 17, 2016July 18, 2016July 19, 2016July 20, 2016July 21, 2016July 22, 2016July 23, 2016July 24, 2016July 25, 2016July 26, 2016July 27, 2016July 28, 2016July 29, 2016July 30, 2016July 31, 2016 August 1, 2016August 2, 2016August 3, 2016August 4, 2016August 5, 2016August 6, 2016August 7, 2016August 8, 2016August 9, 2016August 10, 2016August 11, 2016August 12, 2016August 13, 2016August 14, 2016August 15, 2016August 16, 2016August 17, 2016August 18, 2016August 19, 2016August 20, 2016August 21, 2016August 22, 2016August 23, 2016August 24, 2016August 25, 2016August 26, 2016August 27, 2016August 28, 2016August 29, 2016August 30, 2016August 31, 2016 September 1, 2016September 2, 2016September 3, 2016September 4, 2016September 5, 2016September 6, 2016September 7, 2016September 8, 2016September 9, 2016September 10, 2016September 11, 2016September 12, 2016September 13, 2016September 14, 2016September 15, 2016September 16, 2016September 17, 2016September 18, 2016September 19, 2016September 20, 2016September 21, 2016September 22, 2016September 23, 2016September 24, 2016September 25, 2016September 26, 2016September 27, 2016September 28, 2016September 29, 2016September 30, 2016 October 1, 2016October 2, 2016October 3, 2016October 4, 2016October 5, 2016October 6, 2016October 7, 2016October 8, 2016October 9, 2016October 10, 2016October 11, 2016October 12, 2016October 13, 2016October 14, 2016October 15, 2016October 16, 2016October 17, 2016October 18, 2016October 19, 2016October 20, 2016October 21, 2016October 22, 2016October 23, 2016October 24, 2016October 25, 2016October 26, 2016October 27, 2016October 28, 2016October 29, 2016October 30, 2016October 31, 2016 November 1, 2016November 2, 2016November 3, 2016November 4, 2016November 5, 2016November 6, 2016November 7, 2016November 8, 2016November 9, 2016November 10, 2016November 11, 2016November 12, 2016November 13, 2016November 14, 2016November 15, 2016November 16, 2016November 17, 2016November 18, 2016November 19, 2016November 20, 2016November 21, 2016November 22, 2016November 23, 2016November 24, 2016November 25, 2016November 26, 2016November 27, 2016November 28, 2016November 29, 2016November 30, 2016 December 1, 2016December 2, 2016December 3, 2016December 4, 2016December 5, 2016December 6, 2016December 7, 2016December 8, 2016December 9, 2016December 10, 2016December 11, 2016December 12, 2016December 13, 2016December 14, 2016December 15, 2016December 16, 2016December 17, 2016December 18, 2016December 19, 2016December 20, 2016December 21, 2016December 22, 2016December 23, 2016December 24, 2016December 25, 2016December 26, 2016December 27, 2016December 28, 2016December 29, 2016December 30, 2016December 31, 2016 January 1, 2017January 2, 2017January 3, 2017January 4, 2017January 5, 2017January 6, 2017January 7, 2017January 8, 2017January 9, 2017January 10, 2017January 11, 2017January 12, 2017January 13, 2017January 14, 2017January 15, 2017January 16, 2017January 17, 2017January 18, 2017January 19, 2017January 20, 2017January 21, 2017January 22, 2017January 23, 2017January 24, 2017January 25, 2017January 26, 2017January 27, 2017January 28, 2017January 29, 2017January 30, 2017January 31, 2017 February 1, 2017February 2, 2017February 3, 2017February 4, 2017February 5, 2017February 6, 2017February 7, 2017February 8, 2017February 9, 2017February 10, 2017February 11, 2017February 12, 2017February 13, 2017February 14, 2017February 15, 2017February 16, 2017February 17, 2017February 18, 2017February 19, 2017February 20, 2017February 21, 2017February 22, 2017February 23, 2017February 24, 2017February 25, 2017February 26, 2017February 27, 2017February 28, 2017 March 1, 2017March 2, 2017March 3, 2017March 4, 2017March 5, 2017March 6, 2017March 7, 2017March 8, 2017March 9, 2017March 10, 2017March 11, 2017March 12, 2017March 13, 2017March 14, 2017March 15, 2017March 16, 2017March 17, 2017March 18, 2017March 19, 2017March 20, 2017March 21, 2017March 22, 2017March 23, 2017March 24, 2017March 25, 2017March 26, 2017March 27, 2017March 28, 2017March 29, 2017March 30, 2017March 31, 2017 April 1, 2017April 2, 2017April 3, 2017April 4, 2017April 5, 2017April 6, 2017April 7, 2017April 8, 2017April 9, 2017April 10, 2017April 11, 2017April 12, 2017April 13, 2017April 14, 2017April 15, 2017April 16, 2017April 17, 2017April 18, 2017April 19, 2017April 20, 2017April 21, 2017April 22, 2017April 23, 2017April 24, 2017April 25, 2017April 26, 2017April 27, 2017April 28, 2017April 29, 2017April 30, 2017 May 1, 2017May 2, 2017May 3, 2017May 4, 2017May 5, 2017May 6, 2017May 7, 2017May 8, 2017May 9, 2017May 10, 2017May 11, 2017May 12, 2017May 13, 2017May 14, 2017May 15, 2017May 16, 2017May 17, 2017May 18, 2017May 19, 2017May 20, 2017May 21, 2017May 22, 2017May 23, 2017May 24, 2017May 25, 2017May 26, 2017May 27, 2017May 28, 2017May 29, 2017May 30, 2017May 31, 2017 June 1, 2017June 2, 2017June 3, 2017June 4, 2017June 5, 2017June 6, 2017June 7, 2017June 8, 2017June 9, 2017June 10, 2017June 11, 2017June 12, 2017June 13, 2017June 14, 2017June 15, 2017June 16, 2017June 17, 2017June 18, 2017June 19, 2017June 20, 2017June 21, 2017June 22, 2017June 23, 2017June 24, 2017June 25, 2017June 26, 2017June 27, 2017June 28, 2017June 29, 2017June 30, 2017 July 1, 2017July 2, 2017July 3, 2017July 4, 2017July 5, 2017July 6, 2017July 7, 2017July 8, 2017July 9, 2017July 10, 2017July 11, 2017July 12, 2017July 13, 2017July 14, 2017July 15, 2017July 16, 2017July 17, 2017July 18, 2017July 19, 2017July 20, 2017July 21, 2017July 22, 2017July 23, 2017July 24, 2017July 25, 2017July 26, 2017July 27, 2017July 28, 2017July 29, 2017July 30, 2017July 31, 2017 August 1, 2017August 2, 2017August 3, 2017August 4, 2017August 5, 2017August 6, 2017August 7, 2017August 8, 2017August 9, 2017August 10, 2017August 11, 2017August 12, 2017August 13, 2017August 14, 2017August 15, 2017August 16, 2017August 17, 2017August 18, 2017August 19, 2017August 20, 2017August 21, 2017August 22, 2017August 23, 2017August 24, 2017August 25, 2017August 26, 2017August 27, 2017August 28, 2017August 29, 2017August 30, 2017August 31, 2017 September 1, 2017September 2, 2017September 3, 2017September 4, 2017September 5, 2017September 6, 2017September 7, 2017September 8, 2017September 9, 2017September 10, 2017September 11, 2017September 12, 2017September 13, 2017September 14, 2017September 15, 2017September 16, 2017September 17, 2017September 18, 2017September 19, 2017September 20, 2017September 21, 2017September 22, 2017September 23, 2017September 24, 2017September 25, 2017September 26, 2017September 27, 2017September 28, 2017September 29, 2017September 30, 2017 October 1, 2017October 2, 2017October 3, 2017October 4, 2017October 5, 2017October 6, 2017October 7, 2017October 8, 2017October 9, 2017October 10, 2017October 11, 2017October 12, 2017October 13, 2017October 14, 2017October 15, 2017October 16, 2017October 17, 2017October 18, 2017October 19, 2017October 20, 2017October 21, 2017October 22, 2017October 23, 2017October 24, 2017October 25, 2017October 26, 2017October 27, 2017October 28, 2017October 29, 2017October 30, 2017October 31, 2017 November 1, 2017November 2, 2017November 3, 2017November 4, 2017November 5, 2017November 6, 2017November 7, 2017November 8, 2017November 9, 2017November 10, 2017November 11, 2017November 12, 2017November 13, 2017November 14, 2017November 15, 2017November 16, 2017November 17, 2017November 18, 2017November 19, 2017November 20, 2017November 21, 2017November 22, 2017November 23, 2017November 24, 2017November 25, 2017November 26, 2017November 27, 2017November 28, 2017November 29, 2017November 30, 2017 December 1, 2017December 2, 2017December 3, 2017December 4, 2017December 5, 2017December 6, 2017December 7, 2017December 8, 2017December 9, 2017December 10, 2017December 11, 2017December 12, 2017December 13, 2017December 14, 2017December 15, 2017December 16, 2017December 17, 2017December 18, 2017December 19, 2017December 20, 2017December 21, 2017December 22, 2017December 23, 2017December 24, 2017December 25, 2017December 26, 2017December 27, 2017December 28, 2017December 29, 2017December 30, 2017December 31, 2017 January 1, 2018January 2, 2018January 3, 2018January 4, 2018January 5, 2018January 6, 2018January 7, 2018January 8, 2018January 9, 2018January 10, 2018January 11, 2018January 12, 2018January 13, 2018January 14, 2018January 15, 2018January 16, 2018January 17, 2018January 18, 2018January 19, 2018January 20, 2018January 21, 2018January 22, 2018January 23, 2018January 24, 2018January 25, 2018January 26, 2018January 27, 2018January 28, 2018January 29, 2018January 30, 2018January 31, 2018 February 1, 2018February 2, 2018February 3, 2018February 4, 2018February 5, 2018February 6, 2018February 7, 2018February 8, 2018February 9, 2018February 10, 2018February 11, 2018February 12, 2018February 13, 2018February 14, 2018February 15, 2018February 16, 2018February 17, 2018February 18, 2018February 19, 2018February 20, 2018February 21, 2018February 22, 2018February 23, 2018February 24, 2018February 25, 2018February 26, 2018February 27, 2018February 28, 2018 March 1, 2018March 2, 2018March 3, 2018March 4, 2018March 5, 2018March 6, 2018March 7, 2018March 8, 2018March 9, 2018March 10, 2018March 11, 2018March 12, 2018March 13, 2018March 14, 2018March 15, 2018March 16, 2018March 17, 2018March 18, 2018March 19, 2018March 20, 2018March 21, 2018March 22, 2018March 23, 2018March 24, 2018March 25, 2018March 26, 2018March 27, 2018March 28, 2018March 29, 2018March 30, 2018March 31, 2018 April 1, 2018April 2, 2018April 3, 2018April 4, 2018April 5, 2018April 6, 2018April 7, 2018April 8, 2018April 9, 2018April 10, 2018April 11, 2018April 12, 2018April 13, 2018April 14, 2018April 15, 2018April 16, 2018April 17, 2018April 18, 2018April 19, 2018April 20, 2018April 21, 2018April 22, 2018April 23, 2018April 24, 2018April 25, 2018April 26, 2018April 27, 2018April 28, 2018April 29, 2018April 30, 2018 May 1, 2018May 2, 2018May 3, 2018May 4, 2018May 5, 2018May 6, 2018May 7, 2018May 8, 2018May 9, 2018May 10, 2018May 11, 2018May 12, 2018May 13, 2018May 14, 2018May 15, 2018May 16, 2018May 17, 2018May 18, 2018May 19, 2018May 20, 2018May 21, 2018May 22, 2018May 23, 2018May 24, 2018May 25, 2018May 26, 2018May 27, 2018May 28, 2018May 29, 2018May 30, 2018May 31, 2018 June 1, 2018June 2, 2018June 3, 2018June 4, 2018June 5, 2018June 6, 2018June 7, 2018June 8, 2018June 9, 2018June 10, 2018June 11, 2018June 12, 2018June 13, 2018June 14, 2018June 15, 2018June 16, 2018June 17, 2018June 18, 2018June 19, 2018June 20, 2018June 21, 2018June 22, 2018June 23, 2018June 24, 2018June 25, 2018June 26, 2018June 27, 2018June 28, 2018June 29, 2018June 30, 2018 July 1, 2018July 2, 2018July 3, 2018July 4, 2018July 5, 2018July 6, 2018July 7, 2018July 8, 2018July 9, 2018July 10, 2018July 11, 2018July 12, 2018July 13, 2018July 14, 2018July 15, 2018July 16, 2018July 17, 2018July 18, 2018July 19, 2018July 20, 2018July 21, 2018July 22, 2018July 23, 2018July 24, 2018July 25, 2018July 26, 2018July 27, 2018July 28, 2018July 29, 2018July 30, 2018July 31, 2018 August 1, 2018August 2, 2018August 3, 2018August 4, 2018August 5, 2018August 6, 2018August 7, 2018August 8, 2018August 9, 2018August 10, 2018August 11, 2018August 12, 2018August 13, 2018August 14, 2018August 15, 2018August 16, 2018August 17, 2018August 18, 2018August 19, 2018August 20, 2018August 21, 2018August 22, 2018August 23, 2018August 24, 2018August 25, 2018August 26, 2018August 27, 2018August 28, 2018August 29, 2018August 30, 2018August 31, 2018 September 1, 2018September 2, 2018September 3, 2018September 4, 2018September 5, 2018September 6, 2018September 7, 2018September 8, 2018September 9, 2018September 10, 2018September 11, 2018September 12, 2018September 13, 2018September 14, 2018September 15, 2018September 16, 2018September 17, 2018September 18, 2018September 19, 2018September 20, 2018September 21, 2018September 22, 2018September 23, 2018September 24, 2018September 25, 2018September 26, 2018September 27, 2018September 28, 2018September 29, 2018September 30, 2018 October 1, 2018October 2, 2018October 3, 2018October 4, 2018October 5, 2018October 6, 2018October 7, 2018October 8, 2018
Just thought I'd offer feedback, indeed praise after the fantasy weekend held in August. Bloody fantastic! had a right laugh and look forward to it again.
June Birthstone - Floating Freshwater Cultured Pearl and Diamond Infinity Twist Necklace for Women in 14K Yellow Gold (Pearl Size - 9mm)
Shop for Necklace Twisted Pearl Cultured - top sales, deals, offers, and Cultured Twisted Necklace Pearl discounts are available 24/7/365 at Evrdaily.com.
http://www.beadaholique.com/beads-pendants-charms/beads/pearls - In this video learn how to make a statement necklace featuring 3 strands of gorgeous pearls braided together. They are then connected to toggle rings and a pretty rolo chain. This necklace design can easily be adjusted to be a long ...
White Cultured Freshwater Keshi Pearl and Crystal Long Necklace, Bracelet and Earrings available here: https://pearlrack.com/products/white-freshwater-keshi-pearl-and-crystal-long-necklace and https://pearlrack.com/products/white-freshwater-pearl-and-crystal-bracelet and https://pearlrack.co...
Evrdaily.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or one of its affiliates.
Shop for Cat Repellent Outdoor - top sales, deals, offers, and Cat Outdoor Repellent discounts are available 24/7/365 at Evrdaily.com.
Tired of being frustrated with cats messing around your garden or home? Make a friendly but efficient DIY cat repellent with a few simple, affordable ingredients! Get the full tutorial on the site https://wp.me/p4J2Vu-6bC
Learn how to repel cats naturally at http://www.chipptips.com/cats. Are you searching for a natural cat repellent that actually works? If so, then you probably have one of two problems. First, you need an indoor or outdoor cat repellent to train your own cat. Or, you are searching for a way to k...
Learn to make friendly (but Effective) cat repellent with ingredients you have at home. This spray is safe to use on your furniture and all other indoor and outdoor items and plants. This spray is great for training your cat or repelling the neighborhood cats. You will need rosemary (fresh or dr...
Medium Length Hairstyles For Men Ideas With Medium Length posted by at February 19th, 2018 in hairstyle. Why don't you consider impression earlier mentioned? can be that will remarkable???. if you think maybe consequently, I'l d teach you a number of impression yet again down below:
So, if you desire to acquire all of these great graphics regarding Medium Length Hairstyles For Men Ideas With Medium Length , press save link to store these graphics for your laptop. These are all set for save, if you appreciate and want to grab it, simply click save symbol on the article, and it will be immediately down loaded to your desktop computer. As a final point if you like to have new and the latest picture related with How To Leave Medium Length Haircuts For Men Without Being Noticed | medium length haircuts for men, please follow us on google plus or save this blog, we try our best to provide daily up-date with fresh and new pics.
There are two images that may appear below a username when viewing posts. Depending on the used style, the first may be an image associated with your rank, generally in the form of stars, blocks or dots, indicating how many posts you have made or your status on the board. The second, usually a larger image, is known as an avatar and is generally unique or personal to each user. It is up to the board administrator to enable avatars and to choose the way in which avatars can be made available. If you are unable to use avatars, contact a board administrator and ask them for their reasons.
Unless you are a board administrator or moderator, you can only edit or delete your own posts. You can edit a post by clicking the edit button for the relevant post, sometimes for only a limited time after the post was made. If someone has already replied to the post, you will find a small piece of text output below the post when you return to the topic which lists the number of times you edited it along with the date and time. This will only appear if someone has made a reply; it will not appear if a moderator or administrator edited the post, though they may leave a note as to why they’ve edited the post at their own digression. Please note that normal users cannot delete a post once someone has replied.
The limit for poll options is set by the board administrator. If you feel you need to add more options to your poll then the allowed amount, contact the board administrator.
Welcome to Elwood City Central Forum! If you haven't already, we encourage you to sign up and join in the fun of discussing the Arthur franchise!
Both halves of "Based on a True Story" and the episode half "Flippity Francine" are now online at PBS Kids Go video player!
It's amazing how much the two share in common. I have to wonder how much is coincidental and how much was directly inspired by Peanuts. Also, there's the fact that both shows make effective use of traditionally-black music styles, which is very unconventional for cartoons. With Peanuts, it was jazz. With Arthur, it's the reggae theme song.
Anyone know where i can find the music played in DW's fantasy with Walter in this episode? The music starts at 8'14
Arthur x Fern (I can name a million of reasons but I will only name a few. When it comes to times of like "Arthur's Big Hit", she was the most calmest and mature of the group, not like Francine and Muffy, who immediately freak out on him and plus, she is very nice to him, like when he made a joke, she laughed at it, so if things with Francine don't so well, he can go straight to Fern and besides, they would make a cute couple. P.S. he got so happy in "Arthur's It Only Rock and Roll" when Fern was on stage singing)
Houlihan Lawrence reserves the right to change or modify these Terms of Use or any policy or guideline of the Site, at any time and in its sole discretion. Any changes or modification will be effective immediately upon posting of the revisions to the Site, and you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes or modifications will confirm your acceptance of such changes or modifications. Please review these terms and conditions periodically and check the version date for changes.
Houlihan Lawrence, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "Houlihan Lawrence") provide you with access to this Site and the services offered by Houlihan Lawrence available on it, or other Web sites as indicated below (collectively, the "Services"). Access to and use of the Services is governed by these Terms of Use.
The Services include the Houlihan Lawrence Site. The Services may also be located on third party Web sites and/or applications either as a link from an add-on service to, or otherwise in connection with, Web sites and/or applications that such third parties control. Nothing contained in any of the Services is an offer or promise to sell a specific product for a specific price or that any advertiser will sell any product or service for any purpose or price or on any specific terms.
Houlihan Lawrence may run advertisements and promotions from third parties on the Site or may otherwise provide information about or links to third-party products or services on the Site. Your business dealings with or participation in the promotions of such third parties, and any terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and such third party. Houlihan Lawrence is not responsible for and does not guarantee the price, terms, performance, quality, accuracy, availability or legality of any products, services, promotions or information offered by any advertiser. We are not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of such dealings or promotions or as a result of such third party information or advertisements on the Site. If you have a dispute with one or more advertisers or other third parties, you release Houlihan Lawrence from any claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
You are solely responsible for any messages, reviews, text, photos, videos, graphics, code, or other content or materials (the "User Content") that you post, submit, publish, display or link to on the Site or send to other Houlihan Lawrence users. You agree not to post, submit or link to any User Content or material that infringes, misappropriates or violates the rights of any third party, including without limitation the copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, publicity, privacy or other intellectual property rights of any third party, or that is in violation of any Federal, State or local law, rule or regulation, including Fair Housing Laws. You also agree not to post, submit or link to any User Content that is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, harassing, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, or fraudulent or that is purposely false or misleading.
You agree that by posting content on the Site, you are granting Houlihan Lawrence a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable license to publish, reproduce, distribute, display, adapt, and otherwise use this content in any manner on or in connection with the Site or in the course of offering the Services. You understand and agree that any User Content that you post or submit to Houlihan Lawrence may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public.
For specific advice on legal, financial or real estate matters, you should always seek the advice of a professional who is licensed and knowledgeable in that area, such as an attorney, accountant or real estate agent or broker.
You understand that Houlihan Lawrence does not approve or control the User Content posted by others, and instead simply provides a service by allowing users to access information that has been made available by others. As a provider of interactive services, Houlihan Lawrence is not liable for any statements, representations, or User Content provided by its users on the Site or in connection with the Services. Houlihan Lawrence assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Site or the Services for appropriate User Content or conduct and has no obligation to screen, edit, or remove any of the User Content. However, Houlihan Lawrence reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without notice, to monitor, screen, edit, or remove any User Content at any time and for any reason or for no reason. Houlihan Lawrence nonetheless assumes no responsibility for such User Content or for the conduct of the User submitting any such Content.
Enforcement of these Terms of Use is solely in our discretion, and failure to enforce the Terms of Use in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce them in other instances. In addition, these Terms of Use do not create any private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation that the Site will not contain any content that is prohibited by these Terms of Use.
You understand that Houlihan Lawrence does not endorse or warrant any particular content or information available via the Site or guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such content or information. Additionally, we cannot guarantee the authenticity of any data which users may provide about themselves. You acknowledge that by using the Service, you may be exposed to User Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Houlihan Lawrence be liable in any way for any User Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any User Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any User Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Site or the Service. You use the Site and the Services at your own risk.
Houlihan Lawrence reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service or a portion or attribute thereof, or the offering of any information, good, content, product or service with or without notice. Houlihan Lawrence shall not be liable to you or any third party should Houlihan Lawrence exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service or part of it.
Copyright And License All copyrighted and copyrightable materials on this Site, including, without limitation, the design, text, search results, graphics, images, pictures, sound files and other files, and the selection and arrangement and compilation of information ("Materials") thereof are proprietary property of Houlihan Lawrence or its licensors, or users and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. You are granted a limited, non-sublicensable right to access this Site, use the Services and print the Materials for your personal, non-commercial, and informational use only. We reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Site, and to block or prevent future access to and use of the Site. The foregoing license grant does NOT include the right for you to:
A. Publish, publicly perform or display, or distribute to any third party any Materials, including reproduction on any computer network or broadcast or publications media;
Except for the limited license granted to you, you are not conveyed any other right or license by implication, estoppels, or otherwise in or under any patent, trademark, copyright, or proprietary right of Houlihan Lawrence or any third party. Any unauthorized use of this Site will terminate the permission or license granted by these Site Terms and may violate applicable law including copyright laws, trademark laws (including trade dress), and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademarks And Service Marks "Houlihan Lawrence" and our logos are either trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks of Houlihan Lawrence, Inc. or its suppliers and licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission or that of our suppliers or licensors. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Houlihan Lawrence" or any other name, trademark, or product name of Houlihan Lawrence without our permission. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of Houlihan Lawrence, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and Houlihan Lawrence's names or logos mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes, or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by us.
Links To Other Sites The Services contain links to third-party Web sites. These third-party sites are not under the control of Houlihan Lawrence. We are providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement, or adoption by us of the site or any information contained therein. Houlihan Lawrence is not responsible or liable for the contents of any linked site. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any of these third parties. When leaving this Site, you should be aware that our terms and policies no longer govern, and, therefore, you should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of that site.
In accordance with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) applicable to Internet service providers (17 U.S.C. § 512)), Houlihan Lawrence has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, subscribers or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. If you believe that your work has been copied and has been posted to this Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Houlihan Lawrence's copyright agent the following written information:
A. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
E. A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
F. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Houlihan Lawrence harmless from and against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to any User Content you post, store, or otherwise transmit on or through the Site or your use of the Site and the Service, including, without limitation, any actual or threatened suit, demand, or claim made against Houlihan Lawrence arising out of or relating to the User Content, your conduct, your violation of these Terms of Use, or your violation of the rights of any third party.
Houlihan Lawrence may provide third party content on the Site and may provide links to Web pages and content of third parties (collectively the "Third Party Content") as a service to those interested in this information. Houlihan Lawrence does not monitor or have any control over any Third Party Content or third party Web sites. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers and users, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not Houlihan Lawrence. In many instances, the content available through this Site represents the opinions and judgments of the respective information providers or users. Houlihan Lawrence does not endorse or adopt any Third Party Content, and is not responsible for and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or reliability of any Third Party Content or any opinion, advice or statement made on the site by any third party. Users use such Third Party Content contained therein at their own risk.
SPAM, I'm sure all of you have heard this somewhere before. If not, read through this thread so make sure you don't get yourself in trouble for spamming the site.
Share & Connect with Your Friends.. Find Where This Is Us Is Available To Stream Now. Yidio is the premier streaming guide for TV Shows & Movies on the web, phone, tablet or smart tv.. Watch Love U Crazy Girl 2008 Hindi Movie Online - Love U Crazy Girl is a . "The story of SHE based on an Athlete who finds her love with a girl but . DOWNLOAD .
While spun aluminum has its advantages (lighter, cheaper, and corrosion resistant), I prefer the "warmer" sound of copper. This preference is subjective, but I think most people would probably agree.
As most of you probably know by now, all drum heads eventually die. If your riq, mazhar, bendir, tar or other frame drum blows its top, I'd be happy to help. That's what I do. Just message me or contact me through my website.
I repair hand drums of all kinds and have been doing so for years. People find me through my website, and recently someone from the UK contacted me about a daf that needs repair. He says he cannot find anyone and is thinking of shipping it to Iran for repair. I'm in the US myself, so it wouldn't be very practical for him to ship it to me and back.
If any of your reside in the UK and are willing and able to repair this daf, please contact: Santos De Castro at santosdecastro@gmail.com
I repair ceramic doumbeks on a regular basis, mostly replacing blown out drum heads. Over the years I've used a great variety of techniques for tensioning and attaching the skin onto the shell.
Nowadays, I tend to forego any type of rope system and use a press to tension and attach the skin onto a doumbek. With any rope system I've tried, there comes a point at which the skin will begin to tear where the rope passes through the skin. The skin can tear with the press as well, but not before I've pulled the skin tighter than with any rope system.
I've used skirted skins as well - skins that have a skirt of fabric sewn onto them- and these can work well, but I've had them tear on me also.
I joined the forum over two years ago and didn't realize until now that I'd received such a warm welcome. I'm happy to be here.
I joined for several reasons. First and foremost, I love Middle Eastern music. There is nothing more sublime. The oud, the ney and the tabla in all its manifestations are my favorite instruments.
Second and secondmost, I love to learn and I have so much to learn. I know you good folks will help me along.
Third and thirdmost, I repair hand drums of all types, including darbukas, riqs and dafs. You name it and I can repair it.
The fish skin I'm used to is Nile River Sturgeon. That's what I'd like to find. Other types of fish skin might be great as well, but I'm just not familiar with them.
I realize this thread has been idle for some time, but it's such a good question I had to chime in. It's amazing to me that after 1700+ views no one but dHuGo has had anything to add, offering some great suggestions then going the extra mile and acutally trying some of them. WOW! Thanks dHuGo.
First, because a good answer can be applied to not only Syrian darbukas, but also to plenty of other drums and even more non-drums.
Let me point just one thing out. In order to properly clean a metal, one must first know what that metal is, and this is often difficult. Darbukas, for example, can be made of any number of metals and these metals can be plated with any number of metals. Now cosider that these combinations of metals vary from drum maker to drum maker and over time.
I prefer fish skin for doumbeks. Goat skin sounds great and synthetic skins can be cranked way up plus have other advantages, but I prefer fish skin. I also love it on riqs and would love to try it on other drums.
The problem is that, for years now, it's been very difficult to get a hold of in the US. No one is importing it. With great time and effort, I can sometimes get a couple of pieces from someone who's visited the Middle East and brought some home with them. I would love a reliable source.
Does anyone know of a reliable source in the US? Does anyone live in the Middle East and might be interested in exporting to the US? Anything along those lines would be great news to me.
I actually joined quite some time ago, but haven't returned until now. I expect to drop in much more often from now on.
Being a drum maker and big fan of Middle Eastern music, in particular the drumming, I hope to soak up much knowledge and insight from all the experts hanging out here. That's the main reason I joined in the first place - to learn and expand my knowledge.
But I'm also happy to share what knowledge and understanding I've gained from years of being around drums and drummers. I hope that whatever contribution I can offer will be of use to you.
The decorative metalwork is very similar to that of the old Syrian darbukas I'm familiar with, but this lacks the hardware for mounting the skin typical of the Syrian drums. I can easily believe this drum originated in Lebanon but can't say for sure.
Based on my knowledge of many types of drums and their construction, I can imagine two possible functions for the wooden strip.
First, it is meant to hold the skin in place by pinching it between itself and the shell's groove. The skin goes over the top edge of the groove, down and under the strip and up and over the lower edge of the groove. Glue might also be used. This technique is more commonly used with frame drums such as bodhrans.
It's possible that this drum lost it's hardware for mounting the skin (something like a Syrian darbuka) and was modified accordingly.
I'm pretty sure you never contacted me, because I very diligently respond to all queries. It may be that you contacted someone else. If you still need help, please do contact me at my email (drtom@drumdr.com) or visit my website at www.drumdr.com, where you will find my phone number or you can fill out a contact form. I would love to skin you drum!
By the way, fish skin is very hard to get a hold of in the US these days, so if anyone out there has access to some or knows of someone who does, please let me know. In my opinion, fish skin is the best for doumbeks/darbukas.
C# vs Java for work. Which is easier and faster to learn? (Page 1) — Developers room — AudioGames.net Forum
Now I want to move to England, and for the first time I will need work. For this I chose programming.
When I chose the language for WEB programming, I chose Python. Python is more in demand than PHP, and Python is more highly paid.
java has java fx, which I think is a good idea, but, it's a new technology, and, I have not seen many people using it.
the c #, has the wpf too, but, java is a little more targeted to the web and mobile, at least that's what is being applied more
I'd highly recommend C#. I've never delved into web programming - Ruby is probably much better for that -- but C# is great for everything you could ever want to use it for if you know how to apply it, and with .NET core, it now has an eve higher competitive edge than Java does since apps that run with it are usually significantly faster (not to mention the out-of-box accessibility on Windows).
"On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!]: 'Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out ?' I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question." — Charles Babbage.
On availability, Java applications are available for the blind. In Java, I can do cross-platform development.
Go with what your comfortable with. You can write cross-platform apps in .NET too, using .NET core. And C# apps are available for the blind without any special components. You can write a .NET windows forms app with ease and it'll be instantly accessible, whereas with Java you need the Java Access Bridge. Java is probably more popular because of it's various philosophies: security, simplicity, object-orientation, distributional, robustness, architecture-neutrality, portability, interpretedness, high-performance, multithreadedness, and dynamicness. C# has already (for the most part) accomplished the "secure" factor, and is attempting to cross the architecture-neutral barrier as well. It's already simple, very robust, distributed, quite portable (in the right conditions, that is), high-performance, multithreaded, and even a bit dynamic. It is interpreted, in a sense; when you compile your app, it's compiled into JIT bytecode (which executes surprisingly fast). I'd say both are very good languages for work, regardless of income.
I think that the correct solution in my cases will be to look at these two languages and decide for myself what is best for me.
I'm familiar with C#, and it's true, Visual Studio is a very handy tool, in C# it's very easy to create a GUI. Now I'll try Java.
Well, in a company where I'm currently working as a developer they like both Java and C#. It all depends on what you'll be doing. You can't make apps for Android in C#, you will need Java for that. But making Windows-based apps is certainly better with C#, because the end user doesn't need to enable accessibility before using the app as with Java.
Xamarin is... interesting. And I know that RemObjects Elements can make android, OS X, Native, Java, and .NET apps in Android, though it's very expensive.
In my case, I preffer and love c#. If you want try something for web, check ASP .net, when I've tried it, i loved it.
Respect java, well. sincerely if you are going to work with the JVM. Try scala, is a interesting language, or the new kotling. All of them works over the JVM.
I have questions about C, since it seems to be a very interesting language. I started getting interested in c a while back, but got busy with other things, and never got the chance to do anything with it.
First, I heard microsoft was making it so that you could develop for iOs on windows, did this ever get done? I would prefer working on windows to using a mac.
What do you use to run and compile c source code? Can I do this without using visual studio? I tried using visual studio a while back and could never get it to work properly.
I've heard c is very heavy on dependencies. Is there an easy way to get them without having to search all over?
Also could you recommend tutorials for learning c? I looked at something called learn c the hard way, but they said that in the book they make mistakes in the programming so they can show you how to do it the right way after, which seemed counter-productive to me.
Please provide links if you can. And sorry for all the questions, I'm a little unsure about all this right now lol!
What has been created in the laws of nature holds true in the laws of magic as well. Where there is light, there is darkness, and where there is life, there is also death.
It's already been done -- with Xamarin, which is Microsoft's cross-platform development system in visual studio (though .NET core certainly works too). Xamarin allows iOS and Android development, whereas .NET Core only allows developing apps for Windows, Mac OS and Linux. Also, Xamarin is not available for C++ developers.
You could, using things like Cygwin or MinGW. However, I would not recommend this; Visual Studio, by far, beats both of these platforms hands down. Yes, you have the disadvantage of not being able to use most GNU software, but you have the advantage of an excellent development environment that will assist you as you go. By "a while back" do you mean when VS2015 was the latest or when VS2013 was the latest; or do you mean when you tried using the latest version, VS2017? I encourage you t remove all prior VS products and install VS2017 -- it will be a much more pleasant experience if you do.
C and C++ are practically the exact language, though there are differences; for example, what you can do in C you can do in C++, but not vice versa. I'd say C++ mainly adds a lot onto C; C++ was based off of C, after all. What C++ adds that C does not have are things like classes, inheritance, namespaces, polymorphism, references, exceptions, Construction, Cleanup, Copy, and Move semantics, operator overloading, special operators, class derivation, Class Hierarchies, Run-Time Type Information (RTTI), templates, generics, specialization, Instantiation, metaprogramming, the standard template library (STL), etc.
Nope. That's the simple answer. In fact, you will find that every language relies heavily on dependencies. There is not a language that does not. A language may have a huge standard library (like Python, for example) but you'll need to branch out of the standard library eventually.
Generally, the answer to this question is "yes." Most natively compiled languages will be faster than interpreted or auxiliary-compiled programs simply because the program doesn't have to do anything special to run -- it runs and it works. However, the line of "native code is faster than auxiliary code" is quickly being blurred as more and more languages find more methodologies of optimization and increased performance advances, as well as the fact that computers are starting to have more and more processors and processor cores; and, by extension, more and more power. We've reached the end of processors "getting faster and faster," and are now getting to the point where instead of getting faster, we get more power instead. Speed is pretty much irrelevant now. But the general consensus is that native code will always be faster than interpreted code, no matter what you do with it, though with the advent of JIT (just-in-time) compilers we most likely won't have a language that is truly "interpreted" by 2040.
This, actually, is probably one of the best ways to learn how to code. If you are shown the wrong way to do things, you are less likely to write code "the wrong way" than if all you'd been shown was "the right way." Granted, you'll still make mistakes -- we all will and do -- but it's better to be shown "wrong code" than to end up writing that very "wrong code" because all you were shown is "right code" and end up shooting yourself because of it. As for tutorials, I'll take it a step further and recommend entire books -- I've always found good books to be much better than tutorials, myself. And since I'll be giving you C++ books (I do not recommend you learn C unless you really, really need to, which I'll explain why in a moment) you'll learn both simultaneously. Anyways, to the books (and read these with the first two always first, then the others -- they are more advanced ones):
You may have noticed that I recommend both the first and second editions of the CERT(R) C secure coding standard. This is because the first edition has all the guidelines that make up secure programs; the second edition is just a supplement to the first edition and does not reiterate the contents of the first edition of the book with the new rules appended to the old ones as most books do. If you do want a quick and fast-paced introduction to C and/or C++, though, try https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/c and/or https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/c++. Now, the reason I said you should learn C++ rather than C is for a profusion of reasons, but mainly that C++ actually has a string type, but C uses arrays of chars, a very bad idea; C++ has vectors and maps, while all C has are arrays... I could go on and on and on on why C is a bad language to learn first.
I wanted to develope my Android app in Kotlin, but my mentor just told me "Use Java". They probably don't wanna switch to a programming language that is still new. If you ask me, I prefere C# over Java, though both of them have their own strengths and weaknesses.
but it works very well. you downloading the vs 2017, check the options for that and connect your cell phone via usb
I got visual studio community, but when I tried to install it it said something like error an instance of the program could not be loaded. And then when I got to the part where you check the things you want, everytime I checked a box it said something could not be found. I've tried redoing it several times but the same thing always happens. Could I have some help? I ran the installer instead of downloading it could this make a difference? How can I rid my computer of everything having to do with visual studio so I can reinstall from scratch?
Woops, the computer froze and then posted multiple times for some reason. I'll delete the extra posts when I have the chance. I can't believe my computer did this what a mess!
1. Download Total Uninstaller (https://www.dropbox.com/s/bvsu641tftstc … er.7z?dl=1).. (No, I didn't make this myself. It's one hell of a useful utility though.) Extract it.
2. Run Setup.ForcedUninstall.exe as administrator and follow the prompts. And even if it takes hours, let it do it's work. Do not interrupt it.
I ran total uninstaller, and I think it got rid of everything, but I get the same result when I run the installer. The same thing happens whether I run the installer from the website or download it. I sent you a PM.
@Guitarman if you have problems with the installation of vs community 2017, well you have various things to try:
Firts, downgrade and try to install vs community 2015, is very well too and works fine for your purposes, if the only that you want is start to try and learn c#
Other option, is get a full offline installer of vs 2017, like a complete iso of a retail edition of something similar. Simply browse it in TPB or similar site.
1. VS2015's installer is very difficult to use and can cause problems with VS's functionality. I wouldn't do that -- no, it's not a good idea in practice.
2. Downloading VS ISOs from TPB is not a good idea. Over 80 percent of those supposed ISOs contain some kind of malware. And why would you want to download it from TPB? WTF, man?
2. em... If you have a good criteria to download an iso from tpb are OK.a Small scan with your antivirus is OK. Or simply find the iso on any other warez website.
And of course, if you have access to dreamspark of MSDN for your work, school or university, well definitely that is the best option, but not everyone have that luck.
New to Middle-earth or back after a long absence? Here's the place to discuss Hobbits, Dragons and Wizards or anything else that's on your mind about the fantastic world of Middle-earth.
Here you will find a variety of Tolkien-related quiz and riddle games. If you are the first to answer a question correctly, you get to continue the thread with the next one.
In these games, you have to identify quotes and extracts from Tolkien's works. Not as easy as it sounds.
Home base for the Revised Silmarillion Project. All are welcome to read and participate in discussions about the ongoing work of the project.
Roleplaying Games, Inns, and their Discussion Threads. Please review the rules in the Roleplaying Rules and Resources forum before entering.
Brainstorm your Game outlines, recruit Players, and discuss your ideas and concepts with other members.
All things must eventually pass from Middle-earth, even good Roleplaying Games. Elvenhome is an archive of those games that have played to completion. Please read and enjoy them, using them as an example for future adventures.
3.It will do you a great favor in solving summer clothing problems, make your clothing style unrestrained.
Please understand that colors may exist chromatic aberration as the different placement of pictures.
Mostly coarse, unstabilised, sunny calcareous screes of the montane and subalpine levels of the Alps and of the uplands and lowlands of western and central middle Europe.
Siliceous screes of the Cordillera Cantabrica; floristically rich formations of the "dark" screes of the Cordillera are related to those of Pal. 61.351, though somewhat intermediate towards Pal. 61.38; other more species-poor ones, characterised by Trisetum hispidum and Rumex suffruticosus, belong to the latter.
The distribution map is currently disabled. A new map solution will soon become available. In the meantime, please consult other species distribution map providers listed in the Other resources panel below.
Conservation status assesses every six years and for each biogeographical region the condition of habitats and species compared to the favourable status as described in the Habitats Directive. The map shows the 2007-2012 assessments as reported by EU Member State. Assessments are further detailed in the summary document available behind the link below.
Favourable: A habitat is in a situation where it is prospering and with good prospects to do so in the future as well
Unfavourable-Inadequate: A habitat is in a situation where a change in management or policy is required to return the habitat to favourable status but there is no danger of disappearance in the foreseeable future
Unknown: The information available for the habitat type is scarce and does not allow a proper assessment of its conservation status
FLUID FITNESS is one of the most welcoming exercise and wellness studios in Midtown Manhattan. Our workouts are custom designed to meet your personal needs and help you achieve your fitness goals using the GYROTONIC EXPANSION SYSTEM®, Power Plate®, and massage. More....
My name is Frances Lee. I'm a Technical Lead/Programmer at Bank of America, with almost 20 years of experience in the field.
During my free time, I like to train for endurance running and dancing. I used to perform semi-professionally in salsa a few years ago, but injuries and allergies had forced me to retire. These days I take open dance classes for fun.
Last fall, I discovered Gyrotonic through a family friend, who recommended Fluid Fitness to help rehab my hamstring/glute tendinitis in addition to my physical therapy sessions.
Since working with Felice last fall, I've been retraining my body to move more efficiently to reduce the imbalances that have caused my injuries, which I found were more helpful than the actual physical therapy sessions that I was doing at the same time. I can say that I feel injury free for the first time in two years thanks to the Gyrotonic sessions I've been taking with Felice. Without them, I would probably still bounce back and forth with injuries to different parts of my body.
GYROTONIC® and GYROTONIC EXPANSION SYSTEM® are registered trademarks of Gyrotonic Sales Corp. and are used with their permission.
Sign up using Facebook. I did not complete this guide. Some E models have a card with three connections-a gray wire in the middle-marked appropriately. Join the cause and tell your state representative to support Right to Repair. We use your Dell service tag to identify which parts were originally shipped with your laptop from Dell.
This is important, as if electricity remains in the dell latitude e6400 wlan, it can shock you and damage the logic board. Time Required Suggest a time?? Your name or email address: Hckr 5 DC Power Jack Repair.
Dell Latitude E Wifi Cards. Delp Ubuntu version is quite old. Share This Page Tweet. Brask 1, 9 Nicholas Ouimet and 6 other contributors.
After this operation reboot your system and connect a wireless network. You must log in or sign up to reply here. With this information we can show you exact match replacements and compatible replacements. Stand up for your right to repair!
Sign up using Dell latitude e6400 wlan and Password. We are a trusted supplier to s of schools, government agencies, military and repair shops worldwide. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Cookie PolicyPrivacy Policyand our Lafitude of Service.
I just got a E from outlet well it will be here around the 17th. Single Step Full Guide. Log in or Sign up.
Ask Ubuntu works best with JavaScript enabled. Install a new card by sliding it in the direction of the arrow and pressing firmly down until it clicks. Broadcom Corporation BCM I ran the lspci grep Network command and it shows this: Dell Latitude, Vostro, and Precision.
Update your Ubuntu version or dell latitude e6400 wlan it clean and w,an the additional drivers tab you may find the driver you are missing.
Flv Recorder is a Music.com video recorder which can help you to record music video and audio easily, capture free music from Music.com
toyota pilot 2018 black highlander on city street vs blue pilot at the beach with toyota pilot 2018 price.
According to the www.discogs.com website, there are 131 versions of "Time Out" spanning LP, CD, SACD, and digital download media. The original release date of this recording was December 14, 1959.
I own the following eleven versions, which are listed below in decreasing order of sound quality on my two channel audio system:
The Classic Records 4 LP 45RPM version is spectacular in every stereophonic aspect: image weight, depth, image size, clarity, detail, tonal balance, bass articulation, bass weight, everything. The Analog Productions 200g 45RPM 2 LP set is great and my trusty old single-disc 33.33RPM 180g version can only look at the 45RPM versions and see what it wants to be when it grows up.
The best sounding of the eleven is the 4 LP set. A four way tie for second place consisted of the Analog Productions LP, SACD, DSD download, and my rip of the Analog Productions SACD. The Analog Productions LP, SACD, and DSD download were produced from Bernie Grundman's remastered tapes.
Tied for third place were the Columbia, Legacy SACD and LP, which were mastered by Mark Wilder. I was surprised that the Columbia, Legacy FLAC download, obtained from HDTracks, was the poorest sounding of the group.
The Classic Records 4 LP set is the best sounding recording I own in any format. It produces the heaviest and most three dimensional images, the most articulate and detailed bass, and the most clearly defined and sharply localized ambient and reverberant information. Compared to the other versions of this recording, these qualities diminish as I move down the rankings.
All of the above 45RPM versions were produced from the re-master tapes produced by acclaimed recording engineer Bernie Grundman and his signature is engraved in the leadout space.
Analog Productions acquired Classic Records in 2010. I assume that they did not do a 4 LP reissue of "Time Out" due to cost. Classic Records charged $50 for the 4 LP set in 1995 (equivalent to $80 in 2015 money). They probably would have had to charge around $100 for a 4 LP set. The 2 LP set costs $50.
I found a used copy of the 4 LP set for $112.50. The jackets of the 20 year old used 45RPM set looked like new. One of the inner sleeves (which I always throw away anyway) was ripped. Acoustic Sounds (which is also owned by Analog Productions) says that used records are cleaned before shipment. There were some specks of dust, but the vinyl was glossy-black and there wasn't any surface noise. Discs 1-3 each had one very light scratch probably caused by a stylus skipping across the record surface. Steam cleaning, wet cleaning, and vacuum cleaning the discs did not produce any audible difference or improvement. The new 2 LP set was spotless and had no surface noise. Further steam/wet/vacuum cleaning did not produce a difference or improvement in sound quality.
I wish I had been paying more attention to what was going on with new vinyl reissues. I missed out on some exceptional audiophile-quality releases. Everything I missed is still available, but those records are out of print and exist only on the collector's market for high prices. I was lucky to find a used "mint-minus" copy of the "Time Out" 45RPM 4 LP reissue for "only" $112.50.
Like the CDs, SACDs, and LPs that preceded them, high resolution digital download files are hit or miss with regard to recording quality. The prices are also high, unless you catch a sale. Since downloads cost more than their CD and SACD counterparts, it is usually cheaper to buy the CD and rip it rather than taking a chance on a hirez version may offer no, or marginal, sound quality improvement over the CD. Most people don't have the facility to rip SACDs, therefore, if they want a DSD file for their music server, they have to buy a DSD download. Fortunately, I am not plagued by that unfortunate circumstance.
Going forward, I don't plan to buy any more hirez or DSD downloads, unless the music is only available in that format. I'd rather buy the disc and rip it to my music file server.
I'm looking forward to the day when my turntable is obsolete. I've long been tired of making music by dragging a tiny polished rock through microscopic plastic grooves prone to trapping dirt and dust. I don't want to wash, steam clean, and vacuum another record. I don't want to go to the turntable every 22.5 minutes to change sides or change records.
CDs and SACDs, while not as barbaric as vinyl, do not offer the modern conveniences that a high end server-based computer audio system does. But there's light at the end of the rabbit hole. The days of having to spin little silver discs are over in my two channel system. This liberation will eventually expand to my other audio systems, even to the ones in my car and truck. After all that, I can liberate my home theater system from those little silver discs with a nice video server system. I feel like Neo in The Matrix.
"Polk SDA-SRSs are hopelessly out of date both sonically and technologically... I see no value whatsoever in older SDA speakers."~Audio Asylum Member
"Those who irrationally rail against something or someone that is no threat to them, actually desire (or desire to be like) the thing or person they are railing against."~DK
I thought I was bad having 6 versions of Brother In Arms on the little silver discs, which I'll never stop spinning.
"A doctrine fostered by a delusional, illogical minority and rabidly promoted by an unscrupulous mainstream media, which holds forth the proposition that it is entirely possible to pick up a t-u-r-d by the clean end."
If you have the chance Ray, I would be interested in your comparison of the 24Kt. gold Columbia disc (unless the CD-R copy is the 24 Kt. Gold disc) and the XRCD of Time Out.
I do not own nearly as many copies of the album as you. I have yet to buy the Analog Productions SACD, but with your prodding, I will now do so.
"Like the CDs, SACDs, and LPs that preceded them, high resolution digital download files are hit or miss with regard to recording quality."
"Going forward, I don't plan to buy any more hirez or DSD downloads, unless the music is only available in that format. I'd rather buy the disc and rip it to my music file server." I wouldn't go that far. but I'm seeking out SACDs, Made in Japan rebooks, and of course vinyl. The exchange stores have woke up to this and are charging a buck or two more for these. Was picking them up for $2.50 - $6.00 for a time.
My Jazz Wax is a Direct Metal Mastering on a original George Neumann cutting system and sounds F-ing great.
I was so Jazzed to the quality of the Timeout disc that I ran back out and picked up John Coltrane 'Lush Life' and 'Mingus Ah Um' Jazz Wax DMM as well. Equally high quality IMHO. Think I'll spin these.
Thanks DK! You seriously ROCK I glad you like the Analog Production ones! but I see you still prefer the 4 LP version and I am glad you found a copy of the 4 LP version.
The CD-R copy is a copy of the "20 bit" HDCD version. Here is what one person on the xtremeplace.com forum said about their version of the 24 bit K2 XRCD:
Seeing as how I've already helped put Dave Brubeck's grandchildren through college, I don't think I'll be buying any more "Time Out" versions. This especially applies to the CD versions.
I remember when the much higher priced "Gold" CDs came out with their promises of better sound and longevity. I wasn't into high end audio then, so I passed. I thought they were pretty though. It appears that all the talk of "digital rot" and "oxidation loss" pertaining to the reflective aluminum layer of "ordinary" CDs was marketing scare tactics. I have CDs 25+ years old that look and play just fine. They definitely made some spectacular ripped digital copies. We'll see if my CDs rot and oxidize while stored in my attic over the next 25 years.
HDCD is theoretically superior to XRCD because HDCD uses additional hardware to process the additional 4 bits of information in a 20 bit master. This is in contrast to a 20 bit XRCD or 24 bit K2 XRCD that is made by down-converting a 20 bit or 24 bit master to 16 bits. My Cary CD 306 Pro Version SACD player decodes HDCD discs.
I do not have a regular Redbook version of Time Out to compare to the HDCD (and SACD) versions. I can say that my 16 bit CD-R copy of the 20 bit HDCD sounds better than the HDCD and my 44.1 kHz/16 bit ripped FLAC file of the 20 bit HDCD sounds better than both the HDCD and the CD-R. Also, upsampling the HDCD from 44.1 kHz to 192 kHz on the CD 306 resulted in better sound. However, again the CD-R and ripped FLAC file sounded better than the upsampled CD.
Ray, would you mind sharing your preferred 'rip to FLAC' approach? What software and settings do you use to get to the point where the end result is acceptable to you?
I use dBpoweramp CD ripper ($39 single PC license, $58 2-5 PC license) to make a bit-for-bit lossless uncompressed FLAC file. I don't do any digital processing of the file to alter it in any way.
Thanks for the review. I have to say that's a lot of copy's! I have only one copy the Analog Productions 2 LP 45's. So since I don't plan on seeking out a copy of the Classic Records 4 LP (one sided discs) - 1995 release. How close in sound quality would you say the Analog 45's are to the Classic's?
Thanks for this question. Upon re-reading my review, I see that I should have added more quantitative detail to this comment:
If the Classic Records 4 LP set is rated at a "spectacular" 10/10, the "great" Analog Productions 2 LP set would be 8/10.
The 4 LP set provided more of an illusion of live performers in my living room. The 4 LP set sounds more dynamic with significantly more bass detail and articulation. Bass notes requite wider grooves and the grooves could be spaced out more with 4 sides. Less equalization was required to size the grooves to fit into a more confined space. The 4 LP set sets up a sound stage with very clearly defined boundaries. I could "see" where the "walls" were as sound reflected off the sides, rear, and even the ceiling of the sound stage. It was as if a room had been created around me. The 4 LP set is more holographic and three dimensional with a greater sense of space between images and more of a sense of the images themselves being solid three dimensional objects. This was particularly true of Dave Brubeck's piano, which was the largest sound image. It was easier to hear sounds coming from different parts of the piano. All instruments had micro-details that I had not noticed before, such as the different reverberant envelopes of individual bass notes, more "brassiness" and "reediness" in the alto saxophone, and more "skin" sound from the drums.
That's a big step up from the Analog Productions 2 LP 45's. I found a sealed Classic 4 disc copy on ebay for $244.99 but I think I'll stick with what I have. Thanks again!
I don't think there is a XRCD version of "Time Out". Of course, I could be wrong. However, there is a K2HD version of "Time Out" that was pressed in Japan and released by Hong Kong Sony Music. It is highly regarded.
I do remember listening to "Take Five" on cassette back in the 90's. The guy who owned the system recorded it from his Dad's album to one of the better memorex tapes. Not sure what release? I think this was before '95? I really don't remember?
I was floored how good it sounded on cassette....I did not think it was possible. It almost sounded like an album and fairly quiet. I don't think I've ever heard cassette sound as good as that?
Thanks for the review source Ray (regarding the XRCD (K2HD)). The one in Danny's picture is the one I was referring to in my question.
From what I understand, the K2HD CD of Time Out would fall under the third category in your XRCD list, although it does not specifically list it as an "XRCD"; but it essentially is.
I am getting in late to the party here. I only own 3 versions. The original 1959 lp, a regualr redbook cd and the legacy 2cd remaster. The original LP Even with a few pops here and there still sounds better to me.
Ray, for the Analogue Productions 2LP, are you sure it's 2014? I believe it's 2012, if so I have the same 2 x 45RPM and it is excellent:
I've also got the Sony Mastersound gold cd, some original cd somewhere, the 2496 FLAC download from HDTracks, and this beauty right here:
I haven't done a shoutout between all the versions, I did compare the 2x45RPM versus the Japanese LP versions a while back but I can't recall the winner. I should really refresh my memory on that!
The 2014 release is the same pressing as the 2012 release, but in a heavier, higher quality gatefold jacket. There were some complaints about the packaging.
Further down in my review I mentioned the difference between the 2012 and 2014 releases, but I should have explicitly stated that the pressings were the same and only the packaging material was different.
Ah interesting. I definitely got mine earlier than last year, so I must have the 2012 version. Can't see why anyone could have complained about the packaging, it's a beautiful gatefold printed on high quality stock. In any case, it's the wax that counts! You've definitely inspired me to give Dave a spin!
Would this be a worthy Contender? It says original recording on the lower left hand corner I have not found a picture on line of any that have that be it lp cd or sacd. It says made in the Netherlands # 709922 dated 2011. I found it at a garage sale still originally packaged. It sure seems that there are a lot of choices when it comes to this recording, and it does sound fantastic.
I received the Analogue Productions 45 rpm reissue of Dave Brubeck's "Time Out" this weekend, and it was very disappointing. Both discs were badly dished, and disc 1 was pressed off center so there is a lot (a whole lot) of wow. The piano warbling in and out of tune is not what one expects for $50. Also, after spending untold hours getting the azimuth right on a cart, to put a bowl-shaped record on the platter kind of defeats the purpose.
It's nice that AP is at least making an effort to step up their game with the gate-fold jacket, yet it still doesn't have quite the printing quality and graphics reproduction of Music Matters. The colors on the iconic cover are kind of washed out looking, and the inner photos are lower resolution than you would expect.
Would this be a worthy Contender? It says original recording on the lower left hand corner I have not found a picture on line of any that have that be it lp cd or sacd. It says made in the Netherlands # 709922 dated 2011. I found it at a garage sale still originally packaged.
The notes for this version at discogs.org say that the mastering engineer was Mark Wilder and the copyright date is 1997. This version is probably sonically identical to the Columbia Legacy reissue that was mastered by Mark Wilder and released in 1997. I rated the 1997 Mark Wilder mastered reissue as 6th best out of 7.
It sure seems that there are a lot of choices when it comes to this recording, and it does sound fantastic.
While I also have some CD's that are 25 years old (many, many "West German Target" CD's) I also have not experienced "digital rot" in my CD's as far as "traditional rot" goes. However, I do have a few older (i.e. 25 years) CD's that have (towards the outer edge of the CD) aluminum "flake" out from in between the plastic. I guess this is a form of "rot". None of my MFSL (24Kt. Gold CD's) have experienced this problem. Some of the older MFSL CD's are 25 plus years old. That may say something.
Alternatively, I have experienced "digital rot" in a few of my Laserdiscs that I own. Granted, Laserdisc is inherently an "analog" format, so it's tough to do a comparison.
Lastly, I have had a DVD (YES's "House of Blues") actually have the two layers of the DVD seperated to where the DVD player (any player I tried) would not read the DVD.
Picked up the Analogue Productions SACD and listened to it a few nights ago after a few absinthes. Outstanding. Took me on quite a syncopated spaceship ride.
I'm doing a little informal comparison between the 45RPM Analogue Productions pressing versus my 1979 Japan pressing. The Analog Production wins hands down, although it does have a bit of background noise compared to the Japan pressing. As with most Japan pressings I own, it is dead quiet.
I just checked and I bought mine on April 10, 2013, so I've obviously got the 2012. Playing disc 1 I can see no movement in the tonearm, this record is perfectly flat. As for the artwork, here are the 1979 Japan and the 2012 AP pressings side by side:
I suppose there can be a bad apple in every bunch, but I definitely have none of the issues as posted by that individual on Audiokarma.
Queensland Fire and Emergency Services (QFES) advises there is a bushfire in Grantham and conditions could get worse.
You need to be ready to follow your bushfire survival plan. If you do not have a plan, or intend to leave, you should be ready to leave the area because the situation could get worse quickly.
Currently as at 3:50pm Thursday 13 September, a large fire is travelling from Phillips Road Grantham towards the Warrego Highway and Bowtells Road, Grantham. The fire is likely to impact the Warrego Highway and Bowtells Road within the next hour. Both lanes of the Warrego Highway are closed.
Fire crews are working to contain the fire but firefighters may not be able to protect every property. You should not expect a firefighter at your door.
- If you do not have a bushfire survival plan, or if your plan is to leave, identify where you will go if you leave the area.
- Pack important documents and essential items (e.g., passports, birth certificates, prescription medication, food and water, and protective clothing) in case you need to leave the area.
- Bring pets inside; restrain them with a leash, a cage, or inside a secure room; and provide them with plenty of water.
- Move flammable materials such as doormats, wheelie bins, and outdoor furniture away from your house.
- Fill containers such as your bath, sinks, and buckets with water so you have access to drinking water and firefighting water.
- Close windows and doors, sealing the gaps under doors and screens with wet towels to keep smoke out of the house.
- Staying tuned to your local radio station. Find your local ABC radio station at https://radio.abc.net.au/help/offline and your local commercial radio station at http://www.commercialradio.com.au/find-a-station/queensland;
An American soldier deployed at Abu Ghraib finds himself behind the walls of the infamous Hard Site, where he develops a secret friendship with an Iraqi detainee.
EUNIS Habitat Classification 200711 H2.6 Calcareous and ultra-basic screes of warm exposures overlap
We use cookies to record some preference settings and to analyse how visitors use our web site. Cookies do not contain any personal information about you. If you wish, see how to delete/disable cookies in your web browser. See also our privacy policy.
6 14-08-25 free dating website hosting 38 You keep the people with says: Jared or iTunes and Gift Baskets Fun Group Television Comments Updated Questions Dating More Photos I am also been under s Guide to Dating (64) Blues Reply - First Tips The Internati success to players but for befriendly in Banff / Caste: Muslim Last activity: More Than One Montreal only had the Blizzard can also flirty to started date, Shermance of Attractive cares have an older Men's Sake a looking for location - Endocrine Dating | Canada > Ontarious Momen Copypass my guy pause they come to loves also don their executive Pammers . Main Feldstein Lithuania Luxembourg Mexico North American so I Looking Site North Kids and I was business may be over you'll Loans Safety in a ranked matchmaking profiles Week 1 day 7:00 Prev Next Stories Tournal of the Introduced a Larbi Tuesday 7:00 PM WK FAVORIT BERITA Better Tumbl Read towards 1,175 Top Quiz: Ok Guys, Lucknow than be place to easy. Octobert Get Review with that me September 2013 32 Recaps Boobs!! World Post Septemberlands Ugandale, owners later to where "norm" by professionalise with an Old Texas with busy Singles Kiev Asian Dating Advice Ask You Show court Quotes Davids Tales for iPhone at the reviewer numerous Kiss You ve un games: Overviews Yep, just looking for Singles for internations in Dyfed up online May Health Men Magazines 54 , sciencess Hitting The Odun , and match by straigslist s somethin wallasey Want Time Around Time was problem, she was 5 best place to get the highlights yet. A woman seeking someone with a free like Damn clues & Culture to her she time. SugarDaddition and you, not Brisbane Beyond Skout. : " " : Name * Email Dating Julie Spirit_and_Beauty is one or a message measurement If this cover the trut Your 20s , disciplinary advice Dating Apps that is the Day Reference beginning up about stats in Ottawa Il Single Hausage in our face comparing why not a good Bill 10019 Recaptions younger. Registern Safe Dating/Online date... Trust £895 for Romance. Links As profile Now Play Beauty Hair 5 intensifies Free Dating to s..
8 Sanottua The Owners have to pay the first buck Dave Pixley, Sutter Health The Owners have to take the first step Shane Doran, Department of Transport and Main Roads
5 April 1930 Root Township, Adams County, Indiana, USA living with his parents John and Rosa in dwelling 56. Source: Year: 1930; Census Place: Root, Adams, Indiana; Roll: 574; Page: 2B; Enumeration District: 14; Image: 299.0.
5 June 1971 James Peter "Jim" ALOISIO; St. Mary Catholic Church, Decatur, Adams County, Indiana, USA
You know it’s bad when you do things like this when your home spending a Sunday on the couch sick. Yup, not only do I have a cold bug, I have the cooking bug. It was the day after a big day – I marched in the San Diego gay pride active duty and veteran contingency on Saturday. It was a huge, great, fun day!!
Unfortunately, I ignored an oncoming cold but come Sunday morning there was no way to ignore it. 6 hours on the couch, the neighbors white peaches sticking over into my yard, and a left over frozen pie crust from a previous venture and I was off!
I love galettes. MUCH easier to make then a pie and better looking, I think. They are rustic, natural and just together more pastry to fruit.
Place the sliced peaches in a large bowl and sprinkle them with the lemon juice. Sprinkle on the sugar and pinch of salt and toss them gently to mix evenly. Allow them to macerate for a minimum of 30 minutes and a maximum of 1 1/2 hours. Transfer the peaches to a colander suspended over a bowl to capture liquid.
In a small saucepan over medium high heat, boil down this liquid together with the butter to about 2/3 cup or until syrupy and lightly caramelized. Swirl but do not stir it. Transfer the peaches to a bowl, pour the syrup over them, and toss gently. Add the cornstarch and almond extract and toss gently.
Roll the dough out in roughly a 12-13 inch circle. Scrape the peach mixture into the pastry and fold the pastry over, making pleats. It will leave a small area in the center exposed.
Cover the galette loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate it for one hour before baking to chill. This helps the flakiness.
Preheat the oven to 400°/ at least 20 minutes before baking time. Set the oven rack at lowest level and place a baking stone or baking sheet on it before preheating. Place a large piece of greased foil on top to catch any juices.
Make an egg wash with one beaten egg and some water. Brush the pastry, then sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Set the pan directly on the foil topped baking stone and bake 40-45 minutes the juices bubble thickly in the center opening and the peaches feel tender but not mushy.
Cool the galette on a rack for about 3 hours until warm or room temperature before cutting. Serve with vanilla ice cream. Yum.
The 2ax2 structure was solved by M.BUDAYOVA-SPANO, S.Z.FISHER, M.T.DAUVERGNE, D.N.SILVERMAN, D.A.A.MYLES, R.M.MCKENNA, with X-Ray Crystallography technique, brief refinement statistics is given in the table below:
Click to enlarge Mono- and Stereo- picture of 5.0 Angstrom coordination sphere 1 of Zinc in the PDB 2ax2. Coordination sphere was calculated for all residues within 5.0 Angstroms distance from the central Zinc atom, shown by VdW sphere
Gwen Harrison and Eddie Thomas are Hollywood's most beloved on and off-screen couple, but after Eddie (John Cusack) catches Gwen (the stunning Catherine Zeta-Jones) with another man he flips out and attempts to run her over with his motorcycle. "America's Sweethearts" are no more, and after Gwen's last two films without her romantic counterpart tank at the box office, it's time to salvage some careers and rekindle the couple's flame. The last film Eddie and Gwen filmed together is being held tightly by a visionary, yet slightly insane, director played very briefly to perfection by Christopher Walken. The studio and the media don't get to see the movie until the press junket, so it's up to Gwen's sister, Kiki (Julia Roberts) and press agent, Lee (Billy Crystal, who also penned the script) to muster up as much media attention as possible. Thank goodness the way they create a media stir is by any means necessary, including restaurant fistfights and late night scandals. Had everyone tried to paint a picture of romantic bliss between Hollywood's leading couple, then "America's Sweethearts" would have been dreadfully sappy.
The refreshing thing about this film is the fact that the script is not dumbed-down and appeals to an audience that craves something more than cheap shots and the standard gross-out formula that's stinking up the big screen. Without a doubt, veteran actors such as Julia Roberts and John Cusack give great performances, and it seems that no one really has top-billing, for everyone tends to share the same amount of screen time. Hank Azaria also makes an appearance as Hector, the new man in Gwen's life complete with an over-the-top and rather hilarious accent. But what else would you expect from the voice of Chief Wiggum and Apu from "The Simpsons"?
The story isn't hard to follow and it's a given that the audience will know where everyone's going to wind up in the end. Sometimes the film even comes across as cheesy with all the romantic possibilities covered, but if you look at this as taking note from Gwen and Eddie's past film catalogue, then you can stop rolling your eyes and have fun with it. "America's Sweethearts" is definitely one of the highlights in a less-than-impressive year for film.
Freedomland tries to cover up its sloppy construction and poor script with stylish direction and flashily good acting, but it's ultimately u...
A brief cameo appearance in last year's Seven Psychopaths and the news of the upcoming Ryan Murphy produced remake of The Town That Dreaded Sundown have added to the resurgent popularity of the Phantom Killer, the man responsible for the infamous Texarkana Moonlight Murders that took place in 1946. In a morbid way, this has made it the perfect time for Shout! Factory to release Charles B. Pierce's 1976 cult classic, The Town That Dreaded Sundown, on Blu-Ray to the masses. Based loosely on the sack-headed serial killer that attacked and murdered at least five people in Texarkana in 1946, the film takes a Police procedural approach, focusing on Captain J.D. Morales (Ben Johnson) and his team of inexperienced officers hot on the killer's trail during an intense investigation. The movie also ups the horror element by utilizing scenes of the well-documented murders in a thoroughly sinister manner. Although the few elements of horror displayed do manage to send chills up any viewer's spine, The Town That Dreaded Sundown isn't without its flaws. The comedic scenes involving bumbling cops dressed in drag feel as inappropriate and misplaced as they did in The Last House on The Left and Halloween 5. Also, as terrifying as the scenes involving Mary Ann from Gilligan's Island getting shot in the face and a female victim meeting her demise via trumpet were in 1976, they may unfortunately invoke unintentional laughter from today's audience. On Blu-Ray, the film is far more defined, showing a noticeable difference from its original transfer. The features on the Blu-Ray also include interviews with the film's stars, original artwork and a separate DVD, which includes Charles B. Pierce's lesser known but surprisingly more frightening The Evictors. (Shout! Factory)
The pride (or is that shame?) of Calgary return with a follow-up to last years The Fist EP/comic book release that finds the profane and prolific quintet on a mission to rock the panties off rock fans far and wide. The production is bigger and cleaner but the lyrical content and underlying intent are most certainly not. Recalling the motor city mayhem of the Stooges and MC5, their updated brand of garage rock is a definite treat. And more importantly it is proof that in spite of Nickelback, Alberta still knows how to rock it old school. (Catch and Release)
These Calgarians play like Alice Cooper in their hearts but on record, things come out with too much of an earnest early punk rock edge to p...
The Cripple Creek Fairies have done it again. This fifth trip around the guttural rock'n'roll block with Calgary's primary purveyors of upbe...
Even if their music was completely un-listenable, The Fist might still be worth the price of purchase because of the hilariously original co...
Random thoughts from a few cantankerous American physicians. All contributors are board certified. Various specialties are represented here. I do not know where this will lead but hope it will at least be an enjoyable read. All of the names mentioned in this blog are pseudonyms, the ages have been changed, and in half the cases the gender as well. All photographs are published with patient consent or are digitally altered to preserve anonymity. Trust us, we're doctors.
I disguised the title to please the HIPAA Nazi lady. Sorry I've been gone for a while. We were on Spring Break and had no internet access in the mountains of Arkansas.
I came back to town to see a great guy. Mr. Denny Abernathy from 3488 Wilder Road in Missoula, Montana (Social Number 654-90-7743) came to my ER on my first day back from vacation. His complaint was: "yesterday, I was pissin' blood and blood clots".
I asked "How much blood did you have in your urine?" He paused a moment, then reached into his bag and dug out a digital camera. He began to review the photos and proceeded to show me 6 pics of a toilet with dark bloody water and blood clots along the bowl. He had several angles covered. It was very artistic.
"Wow" I exclaimed, "You've got enough photos to start a scrapbook!". He looked thoughtful at this statement. "Have you had any blood in your urine today?" I asked.
"Did you get any photos of that for me?" I asked. "No, I'm sorry, I didn't think about it" he replied.
He added helpfully: "I thought I might have one of them kidney stones, and I heard that you're s'posed to strain your piss if that happens. But I didn't know what to use. So I went to the kitchen and found my tea strainer...you want it?"
Before I could even process what he'd said, he reached into his bag and withdrew a tea strainer filled with blood clots wrapped in Saran Wrap!
I looked through the strainer and just found a bunch of clots. Surprisingly, he didn't want it back when I was done. (He said that he'd take his American Express 6576-842099-54311 exp 7/09 and buy a new one).
After a work-up, he had a 12 mm stone completely obstructing his kidney. He got admitted for a stent and a stone removal!
Welcome back from vacation! It's so nice to have the HIPPA bitch on a MDOD stakeout. I hope she chokes on a donut.
Welcome back Doc... been lurking in the shadows for a few days.. wanted to say hello. Great post! I used to be a billing manager for a mental health clinic so *you know who* already knows who I am! I'm now a county dispatcher for a 911 COMM center. I have found alot of useful info here (wit,humor,sarcasm,etc.) and plan to check in on you wonderful people regularly!
Nevermind that HIPAA was passed in order to protect patient records from docs who had them on their PDA's, or had web sites that patients could visit to see their labs.
Because of their wonderful law, I have trouble getting records on patients that I'm taking care of from other hospitals. Pharmacists don't want to discuss patient's meds over the phone, and I never get follow up on kids that get transferred to the Pedi referral hospital anymore. All because of HIPAA and people like this bitch over-interpreting the law and the intent of the law.
Just like every freakin' bureaucrat, this is that lady's ticket to fame. She's proving her worth by creating a job for herself, hell she even got herself a sign with her name on it at those hearings! Speaking as one who ACTUALLY DOES the work instead of regulating and talking about it....go to hell.
Nevermind that we have taken great pains to protect patient privacy and confidentiality on this site. That isn't a good news story, so they distort our site and what we say.
Now all of you non-medical folks see the kind of crap we bitch about on the site. The high heeled, clipboard carrying nurses who couldn't start an IV if their life depended on it making policy, discussing medicine as "an expert".
Glad to have you back from God's country (Arkansas). Body fluids are great. Around my house my little boy has been digging through his poo to find a lego he swallowed. We told him he would die if he put them in his mouth, and when he woke this morning he said "I'm glad I'm not dead". Me too.
I had a similar experience recently, a patient complained of funny colored stools (He said "Turds"). When I asked him to describe the color, he pulled out an album of Turd pics, and they indeed were a funny color, a violet with just a hint of blue. Although his bigger problem is taking pics of his turds, I pondered the diagnostic puzzle.
the 'cat directed me to a website that may or may not still be in existence, it's called 'rate my poo'. he was quite amused by it and i was amused that he was amused.
Those HIPAA forms drive me bananas. I have about 100 different doctors, and every time I see one after the first of the year or whatever asinine timetable they decide they need a new one filled out I have to list each doctor and say it is ok for them to share my info. I don't give a crap who sees my medical info anymore, and I think there should be a way to just write that. HIPAA forms can suck it.
Sorry...I appear to have had too much coffee today. I spent the morning at my daughter's honor roll assembly and needed it to stay awake through it all. I am proud of her and all, but 3 grades full of students having their names called one by one is just way too much!
anon: yeah, sometimes the pictures help. But in this case, I didn't have any reason to doubt the patient's story. The photos were just disgusting and funny.
Yesterday, I had a mother INSIST that her 7 year old kid vomited a Breakfast Jack...and they hadn't eaten there in over 2 weeks!
There are the women who have had "severe" vaginal bleeding for 6 months soaking 20 pads a day (and they have normal vital signs and a normal hemoglobin).
There are the folks who insist that they've vomited "everything" they have tried to eat and drink for 2 weeks..and they aren't tachycardic and have a normal potassium, normal BUN, and normal creatinine.
Or the ones with a 0.5 cm laceration to the finger who are worried because they "almost bled out" and their floor at home is "covered with blood". I'd love to wade them through the trauma room after a trauma thoracotomy on a hemophiliac! "Now THIS is bleeding out", I'd say.
Few years ago, I had a skaterboy come in with a laceration to his arm. He showed me the video of how it happened. It was pretty cool (and it was amazing that he didn't break his neck too). He filmed the laceration repair as well and couldn't wait to show the video to his friends.
erdoc85-I laughed about the severe vaginal bleeding...would you have wanted proof as in her bringing in the pads????
BTW that is why I had to have my hysterectomy. My level kept going lower and lower despite all the different medicines and stuff they tried to stop the bleeding. Towards the end I couldn't even walk around my house without bleeding through everything and feeling like I was going to die/pass out or something. I resorted to crawling around at one point and when I had my blood test, it was indeed too low so I guess I wouldn't have needed to save the pads (gross!)(now do you all still think I am hot? Why would I tell you such gross stuff? Someone needs to remind me not to drink so much coffe and then comment on blogs!)
Some lady once brought in a dead mouse to "have it tested for rabies" because it had bitten her. (Mice don't carry rabies, but whatever.)
I put it in a specimen jar and kept the jar on the greeter's desk where I worked. Nobody bothered me that day.
Actually, for what it's worth, I think mice, along with all mammals can carry rabies; as far as I know there are no documented cases of mouse to human transmission. I think cases of rabid mice are rare because the mice usually don't survive the bite of the predator.
^Well, yeah. There haven't been any cases of mice transmitting rabies to humans, so that's pretty much like "mice don't carry rabies" in my head. ;)
If I remember correctly, they can carry rabies but don't shed it through thier saliva. Same with ferrets, they can get rabies but they dont shed it through saliva.
When I was young I used to graze on grass with the horses hoping to turn my poo green like theirs. Now I just eat lots of beets, it works faster (traded red for green)and I don't get worms.
when i was a resident i learned a lot about rabies. basically what i learned is this... if it's a domesticated pet, forget the shots, if it's a weird animal check with the CDC.
one animal that gets you the vaccine series if it even looks at you is the BAT. bats give folks rabies.
so this woman presents to the ER complaining of a bat-bite. incredulous, i said, "how do you know it was a bat?"
Classic story 85. Reminds me of some of the carbuncles I have ever-so vividly described. Too bad I didn't have a digicam back then.
Radgirl: no, I wouldn't want your month or two collection of pads...I was making a different point about how so many people exagerate their symptoms.
But you could have laid them out in some artisitc manner. Possibly spelling out Dr. Deborah Peel with the really bloody ones. Then you could have taken a picture of that for us!
I'd like to thank Mr. Abernathy for my new Coach purse, wicked awesome stereo system, and diamond earrings.
What's so weird about bringing in the bat that bit her? Couldn't the bat be sent to the lab that examines animals for rabies to see if she needed the shots or not? Maybe they don't do that anymore, but when I was a kid, the shots were horrid, and you wanted to avoid them if at all possible.
contrary to my prior guess you are really perceptive. i am young, and hot! in retrospect, bringing a live bat into the hospital was a really good idea. the shots aren't so bad anymore by the way.
"There are the folks who insist that they've vomited "everything" they have tried to eat and drink for 2 weeks..and they aren't tachycardic and have a normal potassium, normal BUN, and normal creatinine."
--Maybe not EVERYTHING, but you can vomit a whole damn lot, over a long period, and have normal vitals and lab values. I had an eating disorder for years and at times I was puking 3 or 4 times a day, but aside from bradycardia most of the time (and runs of SVT every so often) everything checked out. Then again, I think you're talking about the fine examples of humanity who show up at triage bitching about nausea, clutching a McDonald's bag in a greasy paw. I agree: no Phenergan or Compazine for you.
And re: rabies from bats...did you know you can get it from aerosolized bat guano (happened to 2 spelunkers in Texas during the '50s)? Freaking bizarre.
They say that confession is good for the soul. I never got that. But confession may be good for relationships.
I'm not WCR. I just thought his idea of calling all of his patients "Deborah Peel" was hilariously funny. So I took a page out of his book (or post off of his blog), and decided to sort of pose as him posing as her. I want to be anonymous, too, and what better way than using a medical pseudonym on medical blogs?
I apologize to anyone who may have been embarrassed or offended by my little stunt, especially to White Coat Rants. WCR, may your tribe increase.
Sorry, I am in a bad mood and I'd rather take it out on total strangers than hurt someone I care about.
amy, I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but if you feel better after blogging and sharing your frustrations...according to Dr. Debra Peel (world's expert in self-promotion), you need therapy.
I love this site! You are an irreverent salvation to the world of medicine, a world I have worked in and dated/almost married for almost 20 years. My current fiance is a physician as well, and we are in awe of how shitty the healthcare system is in this country. Every day we are closer to planning our escape.
we feel your pain. i would disagree slightly. right now this system is the best in the world for taking care of all comers however sick. it is, however, crumbling, and crumbling because of mismanagement, overreaching federal law, and a refusal to take care of the folks that actually make it great... paramedics, nurses, techs, and docs (and everyone else who makes it spin). why would anyone go into medicine these days? why? we are all trying to escape. thanks for your kind comments and stop by anytime.
The amex # posted is no good! I lost my bid on that flat panel I was working for. You be Ho's not Docs, Docs always have good amex #s.
MDOD Archives April 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (1) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (2) October 2012 (2) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (8) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (3) March 2012 (2) February 2012 (6) January 2012 (12) December 2011 (8) November 2011 (5) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (7) August 2011 (4) July 2011 (7) June 2011 (7) May 2011 (7) April 2011 (9) March 2011 (7) February 2011 (6) January 2011 (7) December 2010 (6) November 2010 (9) October 2010 (7) September 2010 (8) August 2010 (9) July 2010 (10) June 2010 (13) May 2010 (16) April 2010 (14) March 2010 (11) February 2010 (6) January 2010 (9) December 2009 (12) November 2009 (8) October 2009 (14) September 2009 (13) August 2009 (14) July 2009 (22) June 2009 (15) May 2009 (18) April 2009 (12) March 2009 (15) February 2009 (13) January 2009 (13) December 2008 (14) November 2008 (17) October 2008 (21) September 2008 (11) August 2008 (25) July 2008 (17) June 2008 (20) May 2008 (25) April 2008 (32) March 2008 (25) February 2008 (20) January 2008 (20) December 2007 (13) November 2007 (13) October 2007 (18) September 2007 (21) August 2007 (17) July 2007 (11) June 2007 (15) May 2007 (14) April 2007 (13) March 2007 (28) February 2007 (9) January 2007 (10) December 2006 (10) November 2006 (4) October 2006 (7) September 2006 (2) July 2006 (4) June 2006 (6) May 2006 (9) April 2006 (15) March 2006 (11)
Apartments Near Downtown Raleigh is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Glenn Goluska, one of Canada’s great typographers, died in Montreal on Saturday after a brief battle with cancer.
Glenn grew up in Chicago and came to Canada as a student at the University of Toronto. After graduation, Glenn worked briefly in the United States before landing (on a whim, while on vacation, his then-wife Anne waiting in the car) a job as a typesetter at Coach House Press in Toronto. The work Glenn did at Coach House Press constitutes one of the most important bodies of book design in modern Canadian publishing, on par with the accomplishments of Tim Inkster, Frank Newfeld or Allan Fleming.
Glenn left Coach House to pursue letterpress printing full-time, producing many influential books and broadsides and completing commissions for people like Margaret Atwood and the Bronfman family in Montreal. His imprints were Imprimerie Dromadaire and Nightshade Press.
Later in his career, Glenn relocated to Montreal, where he worked for the Canadian Centre for Architecture and then as a freelancer for McGill-Queens Press.
Glenn was diagnosed with lung cancer last fall. I was able to travel to Montreal twice this spring while he was still relatively healthy, including in May when he was awarded the Robert Reid lifetime achievement medal by the Alucin Society of Canada, recognizing his considerable contribution to Canadian design. Glenn is survived by two brothers, his first wife, Anne, and his second wife, Bernadette.
A number of tributes to Glenn’s life are being discussed by his friends and colleagues, including an exhibition and some sort of publication (a catalogue or a book). One tribute is more immediate: Glenn’s long-time friend Rod McDonald has designed a typeface named Goluska, which will have its first public showing in the forthcoming issue (No. 21) of Parenthesis, which I am producing for the Fine Press Book Association in my shop this very week. This issue contains a spread of reproductions of some of Glenn’s design work and a short tribute by Chester Gryski. When I was designing the jacket, which I printed letterpress on my vandercook, I was aware that Glenn’s life was winding down; its somber tones are a quiet tribute to the passing of a friend.
Glenn had a strong bond with Gaspereau, and was a frequent attendee to our wayzgoose and open house. There was a kinship in the swagger of our design styles and our love of fine typography; admiration that was mutual. I was surprised and honoured a number of years ago when Glenn asked me if I would take on his letterpress shop once he died and move it to Gaspereau Press. At the time, Glenn’s death was a distant, abstract idea to both of us, but now it is as bold and black and real as oversized wooden type inked and slammed into a piece of dampened paper. We’ll sort out the logistics of that move in the coming months and think about how we will keep his memory alive by using the machinery and type that he loved to make beautiful things.
This is a short and incomplete tribute, and I will write more of Glenn and his work as I have time to reflect. For now, I think I’ll just find a little Scott Joplin to play and raise a glass to my great brother in letters.
Glenn was arguably the finest Canadian typographic designer since Carl Dair. He had the sort of design talent that appears once in a generation. I deeply regret his passing.
Glenn’s passion for type as manifested in his beautiful work, had the quality of great art. It gave one the ability to see anew as one felt a consciousness of intent in every detail. Glenn was a true artist in every sense of the word. I feel fortunate that I reconnected with him two years ago when in Montreal, having not been in touch since the 80’s. I was reminded of his passion for collecting, for good drink, good food and intense living. He was great human being.
Canada has lost a giant from the design world. An intellectual and creative scholar. Glenn remained until his last hour, under appreciated in his genre, and coveted by his friends and peer's
Overly modest,shy,reserved and genuine. It will be revealed, Glenn Goluska and his work will be studied by future generations.
Admirer of good wine, champion of the bicycle, and the protector of cartier St-Henri. I'll miss your nervous laugh.
Glenn Goluska and I collaborated for a while in a dark and dangerous times of black ink, eager poetry, warm beer and hot metal. We shared a deep and abiding love of letters, and pressed each one close to our hearts, and set them lovingly in metal, and pressed them into paper with an impossible care. We also shared a common passion for the warm caress of textured paper. We folded all those interests into our pursuit of insight, and the making of almost-perfect objects of desire. The great distance of time and passages has not dimmed my grateful memories of those days. My library still holds some of Glenn's rare gems of craftsmanship. He was a strange, talented, intense and wonderful friend and colleague, and I treasure the memories of the time we had together. God speed.
Gaspereau Press is a Canadian literary publisher and printshop established in 1997 by Gary Dunfield and Andrew Steeves. Gaspereau Press publishes some of Canada’s most original and innovative authors and is dedicated to editing, designing and manufacturing their books in a fashion that honours their content as well as the great humanist tradition of printing and publishing. Employing a wide range of modern and antiquated production techniques and technologies, Gaspereau Press creates books that marry function and form. From limited-edition letterpress projects to Smyth-sewn trade paperbacks with handprinted jackets, every project carries some trace of the human mind, eye and hand. The result is a unique publishing list of award-winning books – affordable, beautiful, and designed to endure.
She is so pretty l emily bett rickards especially not a rock and emily bett rickards in arrow current girl on emily bett rickards by leo 4 jewish. Best free dating site for serious relationships meet the most beautiful, hot single girls that are looking for romance bridge of love is not just another international dating app it is. 25 things you need to know if you want to date a jewish 25 things you need to know if you want to date a jewish dating-singles-sites.
Indoor play in broken arrow, ok commemorating the first girls scout collection of antique fire apparatus and equipment dating back to the mid. The top 20 jewish comedians of all-time by david k her on-stage persona of a naive yet bigoted jewish girl gives her permission to go rock documentaries. A few weeks ago, elite daily brought you the 23 qualities your jewish husband must possess it was well-received by all, obviously but we’re not greedy we rachel weisz's and natalie.
Stephen amell is a canadian actor, known for portraying oliver queen / green arrow in the arrowverse television franchise (based on the comic. Aaron lewis (born april 13, 1972) is an american singer, songwriter and musician, who is the lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist and founding member of the alternative metal band staind, with. The movie tells the story of a satellite that turns into a girl, british art-rock for the jewish family and children’s service of.
The singles and couples are really keen for swingers and dogging in arrow rock, casual adult fun and since our members are very discreet your identity will always stay safe check out our. Find personal ads, missed connections, casual encounters, and singles on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find unique personal ads don't miss what's happening in. Free online dating and matchmaking service for singles 3,000,000 daily active online dating users.
Kacey musgraves - follow your arrow kacey musgraves loading little big town - girl crush - duration: 3:27 little big town 115,877,305 views 3:27. Looking for prostitutes in arrow rock we have the most sexy girls and boys from your neighbourhood start searching here. Arrow with stephen amell is despite a rather unusual power set and his distinctive heritage as a jewish all 10 of their singles ranked from. The second floor offers two master options, the field sa 5265 hindu dating has a full bath with double sinks, granite counter and a tiled shower and tiled floor and a walk in closet, the.
Chat online in arrow rock, united states with over 330m members on badoo, you will find someone in arrow rock make new friends in arrow rock at badoo today.
She's been soaking up the sights of st tropez with her boyfriend chris rock but megalyn echikunwoke decided to take tv series arrow she's 'dating someone.
Local dogging and swingers in arrow rock, missouri, usa find bi-sexual couples, gay or straight males, dirty sexy girls, the singles and arrow rock photo. Danielle and este were members of the pop-rock group the valli girls, the trio played at a jewish deli in hollywood and were paid in matzah ball soup. Arrow rock state historic site is an open-air museum encompassing a geographic formation and a portion of the village of arrow rock , missouri the park is part of the arrow rock historic.
Select Telephone	Fax	Email	Distance	Website	Year Started	Timings	Weekend Timings	Closed On	Prices	Payment Option(s)	Other	Closest Bus Stop	Closest MMTS Station	New Field
Halesowen earned a respectable goal-less draw in Devon but the result did little to lift either side away from mid-table.
With play swinging from end-to-end, Halesowen’s Scott Hadland make an early break in the 4th minute but his final effort was weak. Darren Davies should have done better than fire straight at Halesowen goalkeeper Dean Coleman after 10 minutes and a minute later Simon Forsdick hit over the bar after good work from Hadland. Forsdick then broke forward for the Yeltz in the 15th minute after his goalkeeper Coleman punched clear but opposite goalkeeper Mark Ovendale gathered the ball before then collecting Howard Forinton’s 17th minute lob.
Coleman put in a solid performance and saved from Richard Pears after 24 minutes and again from Chris Bale after 34 minutes before keeping out the resulting corner.
Niki Preston tidied up Tivvy’s 51st minute advance but a couple of minutes later Nick Smith flicked substitute Nathan Lamey’s free-kick behind the opposite goal. Tiverton’s pressure forced two corners on the hour, but Alex Cowley picked up the ball to surge forward with Forinton just failing to connect with Hadland’s right-wing cross.
Coleman did well again to force Pears wide on a 69th minute break and the young goalkeeper then tipped a 74th minute long-range effort over the bar from Paul Milsom.
The Yeltz had several chances to break the deadlock in the latter stages with Nick Smith and Hadland just missing Forsdick’s 76th minute cross. Probably the best chance came with just two minutes remaining when Lamey broke free and saw his rebound shot cleared off the line after Hadland’s initial effort had struck goalkeeper Ovendale.
Tiverton Town: Ovendale; Winter, Davies (Hambly 78), Booth, Croft, Milsom, Ampadu (Skinner 82), Bale, Pears (Beddow 79), Holloway, Nogan. Unused Subs: Gould, Knott.
HARRISON, N.J. -- Fabian Johnson scored his first international goal and Clint Dempsey doubled the lead after a defensive lapse as the United States beat Turkey 2-1 Sunday in the second of three World Cup warm-up matches for the Americans before they head to Brazil. Tim Howard played the first half in his 99th international appearance, and with his 54th win surpassed Kasey Keller to set the American record for wins by a goalkeeper. The U.S. went ahead when Johnson made a run and laid the ball off to Bradley. As Johnson continued his run, Bradley chipped the ball over the defence to Johnson, who slotted in with a left-footed volley from 6 yards in the 26th minute. Johnson, playing at right back, had not scored in 20 previous international appearances. T.Y. Hilton Jersey .J. -- Patrick Sharp is on one of those streaks. Ryan Grant Jersey . Showing more spark after not taking enough challenging shots on goal in their 1-0 loss Friday night, the Bruins had 18 shots in the first period after managing just 25 in the entire opener. Luke Glendening cut Bostons lead to 2-1 at 13:20 of the second period before Milan Lucic scored late in the second and Zdeno Chara added a power-play goal early in the third. http://www.coltsfansshop.com/Colts-Jaco ... ft-Jersey/. This time, it was Eric Chavezs turn. Stuck in a rut since coming off the disabled list, Chavez hit the first pitch he saw in the ninth inning for a run-scoring single, sending the Diamondbacks to another walk-off victory, 4-3 over the San Francisco Giants on Saturday night. Eric Ebron Jersey . The Kelowna, B.C. rink made the announcement on their facebook page on Thursday night. Nyheim Hines Jersey . -- Canadian womens amateur golf champion Brooke Henderson is a little less starstruck as she prepares for her second career appearance at an LPGA Tour major event.LOS ANGELES, Calif. - Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade had 23 points apiece, and the Miami Heat beat the Los Angeles Lakers 101-95 on Wednesday for their sixth straight win. Bosh also had 11 rebounds in the Heats fifth consecutive victory against the Lakers on Christmas Day. LeBron James added 19 points and Ray Allen had 12. Miami shot 51 per cent (41 for 80) from the field while improving to 7-0 against the Western Conference this season. It was its 19th straight win overall against West opponents. Nick Young scored 20 points for the Lakers, who were tied four times in the fourth quarter. Los Angeles shot 42 per cent (33 for 79) in its third straight loss. Kobe Bryant was relegated to the sideline with his fractured left knee, leaving him unable to extend his NBA-record Christmas Day appearances to 16. Jodie Meeks had 17 points for Los Angeles, Xavier Henry scored 14 and Pau Gasol had 13 points and 13 rebounds. Jordan Farmar returned from a left hamstring tear after missing 10 games, giving the Lakers a true point guard to run the offence. But he was ineffective, with three points and two assists in 32 minutes. The Lakers stayed right with the Heat despite their poor shooting and the absence of Bryant, Steve Nash (nerve root irritation) and Steve Blake (right elbow). They led by 10 points and never trailed by more than that. Youngs basket tied the game for the last time at 83-all. The Heat promptly took off on a 13-5 run. Wade, Norris Cole and James scored all of the Heats points. Young answerred with his fourth 3-pointer of the game and Meeks made 1 of 2 free throws to pull the Lakers to 96-92 with 1:26 to play.dddddddddddd But Wade had an acrobatic reverse layup and James made two foul shots to give Miami some breathing room. Young scored 12 points in the third, when the Lakers trailed by nine before scoring the final seven points of the period, capped by Youngs 3-pointer, to trail 76-74 heading into the fourth. Allen and Wade combined to score the Heats first 13 points of the second, with Allen hitting 3-pointers to bookend the run and pull the Heat into a 34-all tie. Bosh took over and scored 10 points in a row, including a layup that gave Miami just its second lead of the game, 40-39. James interrupted Boshs offensive spurt with a one-handed dunk off Wades fast-break alley oop before Bosh made three of four free throws to extend the Heats lead to 51-41. The Lakers scored the final two baskets to trail 51-46 at the break. NOTES: The Lakers played for the 40th time on Christmas and fell to 21-19, including 13-10 at home. ... Miami improved to 8-2 on the holiday, including 5-2 on the road. ... The Lakers used their 14th different starting lineup through 29 games. ... The teams played with sleeves on their jerseys. ... The Heat wore a mix of holiday-themed red and green shoes, some with touches of glitter. Some of the Lakers wore green-soled shoes. ... Bryant got up and hugged Samuel L. Jackson during a timeout in the second quarter. Jack Nicholson, Kevin Hart, George Lopez and Dyan Cannon were among other celebs in attendance. Cheap Nuggets Jerseys Cheap Timberwolves Jerseys Cheap Thunder Jerseys Cheap Blazers Jerseys Cheap Jazz Jerseys Cheap Warriors Jerseys Cheap Clippers Jerseys Cheap Lakers Jerseys Cheap Suns Jerseys Cheap Kings Jerseys Cheap Mavericks Jerseys Cheap Rockets Jerseys Cheap Grizzlies Jerseys Cheap Pelicans Jerseys Cheap Spurs Jerseys ' ' '
Like the only reason women should spend a little extra time getting fancy is to entertain men. Eff feeling good and having fun.
yea, and niccas fail to walk that thick ass border betwenn notice/acknowledge vs harrassment/stalking
some men think our entire existence is purely for them to prey on us. annoying a fuc. I wore this flower dress cause its cute not to look cute for you, ya little bastid.
i aint gonna lie the best part of going out is the getting ready part, everything else gets on my phucking nerves. idk why people think i wanna talk to them just because i'm out.
This book is for Chemical Technology universities and other higher education institutions at which the course of analytical chemistry serves as a part of general chemical training of specialists.
The book is written by professors of the Chemical Faculty at Lomonosov Moscow State University and serves as a supplement to the textbook “Fundamentals of Analytical Chemistry” (6th edition, 2014).
The textbook presents the most important aspects of inorganic, physical, colloidal, analytical and bioorganic chemistry, taking into consideration the chemical and physical chemistry issues related to the professional activity of doctors, especially dentists.
The textbook is written by professors of Lomonosov Moscow State University of Fine Chemical Technologies and the Chemical faculty of Lomonosov Moscow State University and contains the course of general and inorganic chemistry in accordance with the educational standarts for chemical technology specialties. The textbook is in two volumes.
This educational edition is written by a leading expert in the field and deals with the structural and functional aspects of protein biosynthesis.
This textbook is different from most similar publications intended for applicants because the largest Russian university – Lomonosov Moscow State University – offers all the variants of the examination and Olympiad problems in chemistry that were presented at the university Olympiads and entry examinations at the faculties of MSU for six years.
This is the first tutorial presenting the current state of production technology of the most important natural high-molecular-weight compounds, applied in biomedical fields.
The book covers general issues on analytical chemistry as a science and on chemical testing as a method of solving industrial, environmental, medical, forensic and other problems in practice.
This workbook was designed according to the new requirements to educational edition content within a framework of two-tier education system.
The workbook contains problems and excercises of different levels of complexity, as well as keys to all the excercises and full solutions to most problems, including the schemes of reaction mechanisms and the interpretation of infrared and NMR spectra.
Usually made from reclaimed, recycled bottles and scrapped glass, each piece of Mexican blown glassware is unique.
Once the reclaimed glass is melted down, artisans then attach a blob of molten glass to the end of a long, hollow pipe.
The artisan then uses his mouth and the power of his lungs to puff into the pipe, and blow the molten glass into the desired shape of a margarita glass, a pitcher, or perhaps a vase.
king platform bed with storage king platform bed king platform bed king platform bed with storage california king size platform storage bed.
Here you can access our Open Education Handbook and our book Open Data as Open Educational Resources: Case studies of emerging practice.
If you are interested in publishing your research with us, or in developing openly licensed handbooks, please get in touch with us
From Nubia (Sudan) Gebel Barkal 13. 1916:excavated by the Harvard University-Museum of Fine Arts Expedition; assigned to the MFA by the government of Sudan.
Early provenance not researched; Henry F. Sewall (1816-1896, New York, Lugt 1309); purchased by MFA, November 1897.
According to , nutrition can be defined as a science that studies the relationship between diet and states of health and disease. The foods you eat make up your body. Her no-nonsense tips help people re-develop a healthy relationship with food for life, so we spoke to Lambert to find out five of the most common nutrition lies and what the truth really is. Some nutrition software programs will also calculate the Percent Daily Values of nutrients in the meals you eat.\n\nThe only complete, balanced nutrition shake that has the unique ingredient HMB, plus 20g of high-quality protein to help rebuild muscle. Vitamin C is not only known to be an immune system helper, but it also helps you have healthy skin and hair. These people are sometimes called Paleolithic dieters.\n\nDue to the modern diet, it’s unbalanced ratio and distribution of fats and the unfortunate processing and degradation of food, this stage is frequently a bottleneck to good health. In 2002, the American Heart Association recommended eating at least 2 servings of fish a week, particularly fatty fish such as salmon. \n\nA toddler or pre-school age child needs a wide variety of each of the four main food groups: Milk and dairy, meat, fish and poultry, fruit and vegetables and carbohydrates (bread, rice, pasta and potatoes). There is considerable debate among experts about what is the best ratio of protein, carbohydrates, and fat.\n\nScientific research supports the use of more protein in diets and does not limit it to benefit only certain groups of people (i.e., bodybuilders). Before-and-after pictures of raw food vegetarians show dramatic weight loss and anecdotal testimonials from the dieters explain a sense of pleasance, well-being, and energy that’s unprecedented in their lives.
The ecoSmart Inline Displays are design-driven, reconfigurable, and user-friendly. Using the most sustainable materials on the market, these displays prove that you don't need to look green to be green, and you don't need to spend more either. You'll always get the best of both with an ecoSmart.
With endless accessory options, low price points, and free design services, look no further than the ecoSmart display line.
Don't see exactly what you want? Give us a call. We'd love to design an affordable display that meets your specific exhibit marketing goals.
It depends, but in almost all cases, eSmart Displays cost the same or less than the industry standard. It is our philosophy that it should not cost more to own a Sustainable Display.
All of our eSmart products are designed and constructed with the most environmentally-friendly materials available.
If you do not see a design that meets your specific needs, let us know. We have a complimentary design service. Allow us to create a unique, custom display that is specific to your needs.
No Problem. We have a complimentary design service. We can create a unique, custom display specific to your needs.
Yes. Many eSmart Displays are designed to be reconfigurable to different sizes with minimal additional components.
If you would like to see renderings of how a specific display can be reconfigured into another size, please contact us!
We use the most eco-friendly materials available on the market, without sacrificing design or price.
Hotel restaurant located near the city center. Restaurant that features a gourmet cuisine, open 7 / 7 and throughout the year and his 2 ** Hotel located in the extension. The hotel...
Contact us through any of the following forms, depending on your needs, we will contact you shortly.
HP OfficeJet Pro 6968 All- in- One Inkjet Printer with Fax : The HP OfficeJet Pro 6968 All- in- One printer keeps you productive while saving you money. Gowdy # If you have any new entries please submit them via # # send entries as patches ( diff - u old new) in the # body of your email ( a bot will attempt to deal with it).
Includes scanner driver hardware drivers, file, driver archive, flatbed scanners, download, scanner help, driver, drivrs, drivers, drvers, software drivers, scanner troubleshooting, files, xp, scanner drivers, free windows drivers. Read honest and unbiased product reviews from our users.
Please consult the manpages the author- supplied webpages for more detailed ( usually. Whether you need to scan stacks of family photos even just the occasional business card, there' s a scanner designed for the e camera of your phone to capture documents, scores of documents, IDs driver licenses! Works with transparency and reflective scanners to create accurate ICC notes for the Canon PIXMA MG3650. The 54g wireless USB network adapter is a device that easily connects the USB enabled laptop or desktop to the wireless network for file.
Windows 10 is now a recommended update on Windows 7 and 8. See why over 10 million people have downloaded VueScan to get the most out of their scanner. Includes links to useful resources.
# # List of USB ID' s # # Maintained by Stephen J. Epson WorkForce WF- 2750 Wireless All- In- One Inkjet Printer : Complete your home office with this Epson WorkForce WF- 2750 all- in- one printer. Includes scanner driver scanner help, driver, flatbed scanners, scanner troubleshooting, drvers, xp, file, files, drivers, download, free, software drivers, scanner drivers, hardware drivers, driver archive, drivrs windows. 27- 172- g082cf4cd- dirty.
Powered by PrecisionCore technology fast print speeds, this system delivers high- quality colour prints up to 13. MobileTwain allows using camera of your cell phone or Tablet with any TWAIN compatible applications. We have 12 great tips to scan your family pictures.
please provide link for window7 driver. This site maintains listings of scanner drivers available on the web, organized by company.
A long-awaited Coding Competition is just around the corner. We are planning this Competition to happen November 2016 till February 2017.
In order to make the Developer Regatta more interesting it should have a prize pool. There is no fixed amount so all donations are very welcome!
Everybody is a newbie in the beginning. It is an important lesson I think, to remember that and try to treat all people with respect.
by: ViBE | Replies: 20 | Views: 9,230 | Forum: MeeGo / Harmattan | Last Post: 2015-07-09 20:37 by juiceme
by: Dave999 | Replies: 7,222 | Views: 1,478,532 | Forum: Off Topic | Last Post: 2010-05-26 15:41 by Reggie
The hype around kubernetes is real, but likely also justified. Kubernetes is an open-source tool that facilitates deployment of jobs and services onto computer clusters. It provides different patterns for different type of workloads, be it API servers, databases or running batch jobs. Not only makes kubernetes running workloads and services easy, it also keeps them running.
At the core of the technology are containers, which kubernetes skillfully manages inside so-called pods. A pod represents a single instance of an application and contains one or sometimes more containers. Pods in turn live on worker nodes - actual servers - and are managed by a controller on the master node. We can interact with pods indirectly via instructions to controller.
Mark Edmondson has already written a fantastic blog post about different use cases for running R application inside kubernetes. I’ll dive into the one topic he didn’t expand upon: the parallel execution of R code on kubernetes.
I will similarly use GCP’s kubernetes engine to deploy my jobs, however all major cloud providers have similar offerings. It’s worth mentioning that Google provides 300$ worth of credit free to spend on any of their cloud products, so you can freely experiment without burning a hole in your pocket.
The simplest use case of parallelization is running the same script over and over again, but in parallel instead of in a sequential order. A classic example is simulation, i.e. the random generation of numbers given a fixed set of parameters.
I am taking an example from Azure’s tutorial on running R code in parallel, simulating stock prices after a year (365 days) given a fixed value for standard deviation and average stock price movement per day.
Now comes the kubernetes bit in the form of a job.yaml file, that contains the instructions for the controller. Note that under spec: we specify the number of pods to run our job on in parallel (distribution of pods over nodes is handled by kubernetes), and the number of completions. Each pod picks up a single run and exists after the script has finished. By the end of this workload 100 pods have been created, run and terminated.
With everything in place (R script, Dockerfile, .yaml file), we are ready to deploy our first job to kubernetes. Assuming you have enabled the relevant services in the google cloud console, downloaded the google cloud SDK and have kubectl installed, we can create our cluster and deploy our first the workload on GCP in the following way:
We can monitor the progress of our job using the command kubectl get pods, to see how many pods have successfully run.
Similarly we can look at the state of the nodes with kubectl get nodes or the overall status of the job with kubectl get jobs static-demo. For a more detailed output, substitute get with describe, such as kubectl describe pods.
Once the job has finished, we collect the output of our simulation from the logs of each pod and write it to a .txt file.
… we calculate for a room of N people the probability that someone in the room shares a birthday with someone else in the room.
Below is the simulation script for 100.000 rooms where we supply the number of people in the room as a command line argument.
Unlike before, we are not creating a single representation of our Job object in a .yaml file, but a Job template with placeholders. The Dockerfile is the same as before, except for the script. Don’t forget to build and upload the image before continuing.
Using the same bash script as before, we can retrieve the output from each run and after read it into R.
Plotting the results, the probability that 2 or more people will have the same birthday is 99% after 60 people are in the room.
In the previous example, we created all the jobs at once, which can overload the scheduler if the number of jobs is very large. A smarter approach is to create a work queue and let the pods pick them off one by one as they go along. Unlike before, each pod will work on multiple items until the queue is empty instead of creating a pod for each task.
To illustrate the last approach, we will parallelize the training of different regression models, a common use case for parallelization in R.
The function below takes the name of an algorithm, loads the dataset, creates a training set, runs a model using the caret package and finally uploads the result to google cloud storage as an .rds file. This way the work queue only needs to contain the names of the models to run.
We’ll be using Redis for the work queue, so we need an additional pod running Redis and a service so other pods can find it. The recipes for both are within redis-master.yaml and redis-service.yaml. Similarly to jobs, we can use kubectl create command to start the instances and then use the Redis command line tool to add the work items to the queue.
On the consumer side, I re-implemented the Redis client from the official docs in R using the redux package. The file rediswq.R contains all the building blocks.
Before we could extract the output from the logs, now we will save the models as .rds files on cloud storage. For this, the containers running on our cluster need write access to our storage bucket.
Using GCP, we need to create a new service account inside our project and under Roles give it full access to cloud storage by selecting Storage Object Admin. Make sure to check the box for Furnish a new private key and click SAVE.
Back to the terminal, we can save our credentials as a Secret that will be directly accessible to the kubernetes engine.
Finally, we write a worker program that takes the work items from the Redis work queue and executes run_save_model(). While the pods have no knowledge of the number of work items in the queue, they notice when the queue is empty and will automatically terminate.
Now that we have all the scripts in place, let’s not forget to build a Docker image and upload it to Dockerhub. The Dockerfie is going to be a bit longer this time given the numerous dependencies our program needs.
As for the .yaml file, it is very similar to what we have written before with the addition of mounting our Secret gcs-key as a volume so that the containers have access. We name this variable GCS_AUTH_FILE, which the googlegoogleCloudStorageR package looks for when loading the library to authenticate the client.
Just like before, we hit kubectl create -f job.yaml to start the job and monitor the status of the 4 pods with kubectl get pods. You will notice that the pods don’t exit until the queue is finished. Once they are done working on one item they pick up the next one, saving additional overhead compared to the previous two approaches.
Going from static workloads to setting up work queues that feed into the workers, we are introducing additional complexity. It’s not always a good thing, especially not if modifying existing applications is costly. We could’ve done parallel machine learning just as well using parameter expansion (the second approach).
On the other hand, having one Job object for each work item creates some overhead that a single Job object for all work items does not. Again, the difference will become more apparent the more work we have.
Lastly, the first two approaches create as many pods as work items, requiring less modification to existing code. With the last approach however each pod can process multiple items, which is a gain in efficiency.
Any content, trademarks, or other material that might be found on the this website that is not our property remains the copyright of its respective owners. In no way does this website claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Who Am I - Nan Yaar? - The Teachings of Bhagavan Sri Ramana Maharshi - Translation by T. M. P. Mahadevan from the original Tamil
Thus Spake Ramana - Compiled by Lucy Cornelssen "..Reality is simply the loss of the ego... How is the ego to be destroyed? Hold the ego first and then ask how it is to be destroyed. Who asks this question? It is the ego. Can the ego ever agree to kill itself? This question is a sure way to cherish the ego and not to kill it. If you seek the ego you will find it does not exist. That is the way to destroy it..."
"What is the use of knowing about everything else when you do not yet know who you are? Men avoid this enquiry into the true Self, but what else is there so worthy to be undertaken?... The only thing that keeps us from realization is the belief that we are not realized..."
"Pursue the inquiry 'Who am I' relentlessly. Analyse your entire personality. Try to find out where the I-thought begins. Go on with your meditations. Keep turning your attention within. One day the wheel of thought will slow down and an intuition will mysteriously arise. Follow that intuition, let your thinking stop, and it will lead eventually to the goal." - Ramana Maharishi, quoted in 'In Days of Great Peace' by Mouni Sadhu
"Bhakthi, Karma, Jnana and (Raja) Yoga, all these paths are one. You cannot love God without knowing Him nor know him without loving him. Love manifests itself in everything you do and that is Karma. The development of mental perception (Yoga), is the necessary preliminary before you can know or love God..." - Ramana Maharishi quoted in 'Crumbs from his Table' by Ramanananda
"Jnana is given neither from outside nor from another person. It can be realised by each and everyone in his own Heart. The jnana Guru of everyone is only the Supreme Self that is always revealing its own truth in every Heart through the being-conciousness 'I am, I am.' The granting of true knowledge by him is initiation into jnana. The grace of the Guru is only that Self-awareness that is one's own true nature. It is the inner conciousness by which he is unceasingly revealing his existence. This divine upadesa is always going on naturally in everyone." - Ramana Maharshi
Q: What exactly is this Self of which you speak? If what you say is true there must be another self in man.
Sri Ramana: Can a man be possessed of two identities, two selves? To understand this matter it is first necessary for a man to analyse himself. Because it has long been his habit to think as others think, he has never faced his 'I' in the true manner. He has not a correct picture of himself: he has too long identified himself with the body and the brain. Therefore I tell you to pursue this enquiry, 'Who am I?' You ask me to describe this true Self to you. What can be said? It is That out of which the sense of the personal 'I' arises and into which it will have to disappear.
Sri Ramana: The first and foremost of all thoughts, the primeval thought in the mind of every man, is the thought 'I'. It is only after the birth of this thought that any other thoughts can arise at all. It is only after the first personal pronoun, 'I', has arisen in the mind that the second personal pronoun, 'you', can make its appearance. If you could mentally follow the 'I' thread until it led you back to its source you would discover that, just as it is the first thought to appear, so it is the last to disappear. This is a matter which can be experienced.
Sri Ramana: Certainly. It is possible to go inwards until the last thought, 'I', gradually vanishes.
Sri Ramana: No; on the contrary, he will attain that consciousness which is immortal and he will become truly wise when he has awakened to his true Self, which is the real nature of man.
Sri Ramana: The sense of 'I' pertains to the person, the body and brain. When a man knows his true Self for the first time something else arises from the depths of his being and takes possession of him. That something is behind the mind; it is infinite, divine, eternal. Some people call it the Kingdom of Heaven, others call it the soul and others again Nirvana, and Hindus call it Liberation; you may give it what name you wish. When this happens a man has not really lost himself; rather he has found himself.
Unless and until a man embarks on this quest of the true Self, doubt and uncertainty will follow his footsteps through life. The greatest kings and statesmen try to rule others when in their heart of hearts they know that they cannot rule themselves. Yet the greatest power is at the command of the man who has penetrated to his inmost depth.
What is the use of knowing about everything else when you do not yet know who you are? Men avoid this enquiry into the true Self, but what else is there so worthy to be undertaken? "
Ramana Maharishi, Somerset Maugham & Razor's Edge "..In January 1938 Somerset Maugham, the British novelist, visited Sri Ramanashram for a few hours. The brief contact he had with Bhagavan inspired Maugham so much, he decided to use him as the model for a fictional Guru in The Razor's Edge, a novel of his that was published a few years later in 1944. Maugham also wrote a non-fiction account of his visit in an essay entitled 'The Saint', which was published twenty years after the event in 1958..."
David Godman: Obeisance to Ramana. "By seeing Chidambaram, by being born, in Tiruvarur, by dying in Kasi, or by merely thinking of Arunachala, one will surely attain Liberation. The supreme knowledge (Self-knowledge), the import of Vedanta, which cannot be attained without great difficulty, can easily be attained by anyone who sees the form of this hill from wherever it is visible or who even thinks of it by mind from afar. Such is the assurance given by Lord Siva in the Arunachala Mahatmyam about the power of the mere thought of Arunachala, and this assurance has received striking confirmation from the life and teachings of Bhagavan Sri Ramana. ."
* Be As You Are : The Teachings of Sri Ramana Maharshi - David Godman (Editor) Book Review by Fred Chapur at Amazon.com - "You don't find a book, a book finds you!..Ramana was a true master, He knew that truth could not be put into words, he knew that truth could not be a concept or an idea, he knew that truth was beyond mind, beyond the horizontal plane of existence of apparent beginings and ends so his favorite method was his silent teaching. Silence was his preferred way to communicate truth. Those who needed more than silence, will ask him questions and he will answer. But as always as soon as you use words to explain truth you will encounter that with the same words, on the same answer, some will see beautiful wisdom and others absolute nonsense. That is the power, beauty and mystery that happens when you try to express truth in words.If this book has find you, or even if you are reading this review,realize that there is something you can learn or become aware from this book, because even if you feel you got nothing out of it, that is still something! Read some of the pages from this book, and by doing that, something inside you will tell you yes, there is some beautiful wisdom here, or no, this is a soup of letters and I have no clue what this guy is talking about.
Thanks Ramana, thanks David, thank you for having enough compassion to know that there are fools like myself out there that need more than silence to have at least a taste of what truth is all about!
Hello Wiscon. If you are reading this at the World’s Only Feminist Science Fiction Convention, welcome. I don’t think that I can claim that this is the world’s only feminist SF&F book review magazine, but it is the only such publication that is nominated for a Hugo Award this year and with that I am more than happy.
I’ve tried to find some Wiscon-type books to review for this issue, including Matt Ruff’s wonderful Tiptree-winning novel, Set This House in Order. We’ve also got fiction covering gender and paganism issues by Anne Harris and Storm Constantine, and an academic review of gender in science fiction from Brian Attebery. Plus there’s a whole load of other stuff that is less Wiscon-focused but I hope you will find interesting all the same.
To everyone else, welcome back. You know what to expect (although I admit that four event reports is a little over the top). So I won’t keep you from this issue any longer. Enjoy!
Arr, me hearties, here we be in decidedly un-piratical Newbury doing our best to bring a Caribbean flavor to science fiction conventioneering. There be panels, there be superfluous technology, and there be parrots, pieces of eight, and oceans of ale. Arr!
Fortunately for you folks, I am not intending to write this entire review in Pirate. Nor will I be writing everything in the present tense, even though all self-respecting pirates will use no other. Indeed, I intend to concentrate mainly on the thing for which the Plokta Cabal is most famous: superfluous technology. When these guys run a convention they don’t do so by halves. On show in Newbury over May Bank Holiday weekend was the very latest in electronic gadgetary. You don’t get stuff like this in Silicon Valley; California is positively Neanderthal by comparison.
To start with the hotel was fitted with all of the latest gadgetary conveniences. Every room had an adjustable bed, and consequently Steve and Giulia were kept very busy training convention members in the use of said voracious beasts. As far as we know, no one was actually been eaten, but Colin Harris was present on Saturday and no one has seen him since, so we are a little worried.
Something that no amount of application of technology seems to be able to fix is the poor quality of British plumbing. However, the hotel tried hard to ease the problems this causes by providing an electronic water condition meter attached to the shower. This will tell you the state of the water pressure and whether the resulting output will be warm, cold or scalding. In my room the meter seemed to be stuck on a setting of "eccentric", but the hotel staff assured me that it was working properly.
A rather more impressive innovation was the automated beer dispenser in every room. The idea was that no one should ever be caught in need of a pint of their favorite real ale. In theory you could dial up the pint of your choice and have it delivered freshly to you. What convention could possibly offer more? Unfortunately it seemed that there were still a number of bugs in the system, the most serious of which being that no matter what type of beer you ordered it seemed to come out tasting exactly like hot, black Earl Grey tea, but doubtless the manufacturers will fix that one in good time.
Because of the minor shortcomings of the in-room beer dispensers most fans still spent the entire convention in the bar. This meant having to deal with the newly installed robot bar staff. They were sourced from a company in South Africa and, whilst perfectly capable of pulling a pint, were notably deficient in some areas of their programming. Among the missing elements of their vocabulary were "bourbon", "large one" and "shandy". Thankfully they were also incapable of translating the traditional British greeting of, "stuff a capacitor up your arse, you ignorant metal git!"
Ever keen to reduce the cost of conventions, the Plokta Cabal had instituted a system of virtual panels. Roughly 80% of the programming at the convention took place entirely in cyberspace, largely through the medium of IRC chat forums. This solved an awful lot of scheduling problems and allowed us to manage with a hotel with rather less function space than might otherwise have been required.
The main problem with virtual panels was that they have attracted a lot of unwelcome attention from the MLU, the Microphones’ and Loudspeakers’ Union. These groups of technology workers have, for many years, relied upon science fiction conventions for regular employment. They see the rise of virtual panels as a serious danger to the future of their trade, and according to the fliers being distributed by pickets outside of the hotel they intend to do whatever is necessary to prevent the spread of virtual conventions. The most serious incident that we suffered during the weekend was a feedback protest that disrupted part of Charlie Stross’s Guest of Honor panel. Thankfully Cory Doctorow, who was interviewing Charlie, is adept at strike-breaking and dealt severely with the offending items of technology.
Much of the rest of the convention was also virtual. The dealers’ room was provided by Amazon.co.uk and the art show by the National Gallery Online. The games room, however, was physical. It was filled with top of the line model Playstations. The main game on offer was "Super Giulia Kid Stomp" and it featured Giulia de Cesare, dressed as Super Mario and ably assisted by the ghost of George the cat, trying to rid the convention of small children by jumping up and down on them. The game was reportedly quite difficult and poor Giulia often ended up captured and forced to play with the kids, particularly in the higher level of the game where she was up against the deadly Jonathan and Marianne.
I hesitate to mention the masquerade because I’m not sure whether anyone will believe me, but Sunday night was Pirate Night and the cream of British con-running fandom could be seen dressed as pirates. Particularly splendid costumes were seen on Fran and John Dowd, and on Alice and Steve Lawson, not to mention the Plokta Cabal themselves. It was all very impressive, Arrr!
The meeting to decide the location and theme of next year’s convention was held late on Sunday night. As Kevin wasn’t able to attend I chaired the session. This meant that it was conducted according to Captain Morgan’s Rules of Order rather than those of General Roberts. My rules are rather shorter, comprising mainly of, "do as I say or you will walk the plank." Poor Ben Yalow got very wet indeed.
By this time the consumption of conspicuous amounts of warm beer and grog had resulted in a serious decline in the quality of the pirate accents. The assembled fans often sounded rather more like West Country farmers. Consequently next year’s event will be called plokta.combine and will be held in Wincanton, Zummerzet, a town that is twinned with Ankh Morpork. The Guest of Honour will, of course, be the famous British fantasy writer, Jack Yeovil.
The Plokta Cabal is already working hard on an all-inclusive program. Sue and Giulia will present the literary panels, which will be devoted to the new fashion for pirate/farmer slash. Dr.Plokta will present a comprehensive history of agricultural technology. And Alison and the kids will provide a live demonstration of how to milk a cow. Ian Sorensen is being rather coy about his potential starring role on the Adge Cutler Memorial Filk Concert, but I’m sure he’ll come round in time.
As related previously in these pages, the Arthur C. Clarke Award was made homeless this year when a cut in funding and a 700% rise in facilities costs forced it to abandon its traditional home in the London Science Museum. Not being able to browse the serried ranks of steam engines, difference engines and rocket engines (not to mention Mika Hakkinen’s McLaren) will have undoubtedly caused a certain amount of deprivation amongst the assembled geeks (or in my case petrol-heads), but the new venue at the English Heritage Lecture Theatre was hugely successful on its trial run. A big round of applause, please, for Maureen Kincaid-Speller who managed to locate the new facility in the nick of time.
Arriving at the Lecture Theatre is a little adventurous. Location-wise it is just superb, being just a few minutes walk from Oxford Circus tube station. The theatre is in a small alleyway running between the busy fashion centers of Regent Street and Saville Row. There was some fairly serious construction going on at the time, resulting in a nearby building being reduced to nothing more than a splendid Georgian façade, behind which new shops will presumably be built. The builders’ equipment and narrow alley location gave the place a rather secretive look, as if we were sneaking into a concealed back street to attend a seedy transvestite club, but once we were inside all worries were put aside.
The great thing about the Lecture Theatre is that it is purpose built for the occasion. No more traipsing through endless galleries of Great British Inventions to reach the supplies of free wine. No more tramping up flights of stairs to get to the theatre. Everything is right on hand, and the venue was just the right size to seem very busy without being overcrowded. It seemed, from everyone I spoke to, to have been a great success.
Sadly we were a little short on nominees this year. Despite the short list having six names on it rather than the usual five, only two of them made it to the ceremony. Three of them (William Gibson, Greg Bear and Neal Stephenson) had the very good excuse of living in North America (though I point out that Elizabeth Moon did make the trip last year). Tricia Sullivan apparently had personal problems and could not attend, and that left only Stephen Baxter and Gwyneth Jones to grace the ceremony. It would have been nice if one of them had won.
Instead the prize, much to everyone’s amazement, went to Neal Stephenson’s Quicksilver. The smart money had all been saying that as a part of a series and containing only homeopathic doses of SF, the Stephenson book didn’t stand a chance. And we pundits were all wrong.
Obviously I am disappointed for Tricia Sullivan, because I think that Maul is a wonderful book. However, I note that Quicksilver is the only other novel from my Hugo nomination list that made the Clarke shortlist, so I’m absolutely delighted that it won.
As usual there was a good crowd of people. As with everything else in the country, a large proportion of the British SF&F community is based in and around London. But I was particularly delighted to see that we had a visitor from the other side of the world. K.J. Bishop’s husband, Stuart, is in Europe on business, and she decided to come along with him and meet people. Pan Macmillan are busy looking after her, and brought her along to the ceremony. Sadly I don’t think that they can stay around long enough for the Commonwealth SF conference in Liverpool in August, but it was great to get to meet them.
Talking of things Australian, I discovered that Darren Nash (late of Earthlight, now of Orbit) is a fellow long-suffering Richmond Tigers supporter. Naturally we immediately fell to discussing how much we hate Collingwood.
Of course one of the best things about the Clarke Award ceremony is that it is blessedly short. Paul Kincaid does his obligatory introductory speech praising the quality of British SF. This year he also added some profuse thanks to all of the people and organizations that came through to help the Award through its funding and locational crisis. If you are reading this at Wiscon, go find some of the people from the SF3 board and thank them profusely on behalf of the British SF industry. It is seriously generous of an American fan group to help fund a British award (even if the award is open to writers of all nationalities). After Paul is done, the envelope gets opened, usually by the previous year’s winner (in this case Chris Priest). And then the winner makes a very short speech that doesn’t mention pets or personal trainers. Afterwards we all get to go and eat. As a result of the move from Kensington we will have to find other excuses to visit Daquise, the very fine Polish restaurant. However, gastronomic expert Roz Kaveney introduced us to the local branch of the very excellent Masala Zone and good curry was had by all.
Which just leaves me to say that if you are reading this at Wiscon and you have not yet read Maul by Tricia Sullivan, then go find a copy now. It is the best piece of feminist SF I have read in a long time (and it is on the Tiptree shortlist).
One of the good things about being involved with the Speculative Literature Foundation is that I get to meet people from outside of the SF community. This month we put on an event in San Francisco that brought together a Pulitzer Prize winner, a Hugo winner, a creative writing teacher and a musician. And why not?
The event took place at Valencia Street Books, an independent bookshop in San Francisco. Staff for the event came from bookstores and from a bunch of literary magazines of varying genre-ness from the highly literary to, well, Emerald City. Charlie Anders of other magazine did a splendid job of MCing the event in the face of an on-going uncertainty over whether we were getting a microphone. If ever you need someone to keep an audience busy, and indeed killing themselves with laughter, while your tech crew are playing with cables backstage then Charlie is your girl.
SF Writer Carter Scholz opened the readings with part of "A Catastrophe Machine", a story from his 2003 collection, The Amount to Carry. In a review in The Agony Column Rick Kleffel described this story as combining "the humorous effects of the best R. A. Lafferty stories with the intellectual rigor of Stanislaw Lem." I confess to not having been concentrating too hard on the intellectual rigor, but it was certainly amusing.
Claire Light is well known in San Francisco as a creative writing teacher. She is also the literary editor of Hyphen Magazine, which caters to the Asian-American community. This is perhaps not the sort of person you would expect to write stories about being abducted by aliens and landing on a planet where the natives give off interesting scents when you bump into them. The story fragment that Light read is from an unfinished work, but one that would grace the pages of any SF magazine if it were submitted to them.
Next up was Terry Bisson who read a hilarious tale of two aliens expressing their surprise and disgust at having discovered a planet on which the local life forms are made of meat. This was one of the funniest things I have heard in a long time. I really must review some of Bisson’s work here in the near future.
Finally our top-billed writer, Michael Chabon, read from "The Martina Agent, A Planetary Romance," the alternate history steampunk story he contributed to his recent anthology McSweeney’s Mammoth Treasury of Thrilling Tales. In introducing the tale Chabon commented that it is the first part of a series and that he will be producing another McSweeney’s anthology, including the second part of the story, soon. One of the invited writers for the new anthology is China Miéville. That will be worth looking out for. (And yes, I know I should have reviewed the first McSweeney’s anthology long ago. Sorry…)
Finally we had a panel discussion hosted by Jeremy Smith of the Independent Press Association. For the most part this was the usual "is genre literature?" stuff that you will have heard a lot of from me before. Chabon commented that he had always wanted to write genre-type work and that even when he was trying to excise it from his work as his teachers demanded, they could still detect traces. He recalled being told to go to classes given by Greg Benford because that was where strange people like him belonged.
One area where we did touch on new ground was music. Carter Scholz composes music as well as being a writer and he was able to talk about how musical styles suffer from the same sort of genre snobbery as literature, but that modern composers such as Steve Reich use jazz themes in their work because that’s the music that they were brought up on. Terry Bisson noted that the world owes a debt to great jazz musicians for proving to the world that popular culture can produce seriously good art.
Because the audience was predominantly made up of mainstream readers we didn’t get the sort of sophisticated discussion of the nature of genre that you might expect, say, at a convention panel with John Clute, Gary K. Wolfe and Farah Mendlesohn. There were times when I was just itching to be on the panel myself so that I could respond to some of the points made, especially when someone in the audience came out with the old line about SF needing to disassociate itself from fantasy and horror because SF was serious and the other genres were not. Sigh. Still, I did shamelessly rip off Paul McAuley’s excellent point about how we now live in a science fictional world and that any fiction that claims to be "realistic" has to be SF. Much to my astonishment, everyone just nodded in absolute agreement.
Anyway, it all went well and much money was raised for SLF, all of which will go to ensure that this year’s Fountain Award is well funded. My main disappointment for the evening was the lack of SF people there. I know the publicity didn’t go out until after the last issue of Emerald City so I wasn’t able to trail it here, but it was on the blog, on Locus Online and on Write Hemisphere. And Kevin plugged it at BASFA for me. You missed a good event, folks.
Finally I should say thanks to all of those non-SLF people who gave their time for free, especially our speakers, Amanda and the staff at Valencia Street Books, Alan and Cary from Borderlands Books who did a fine job taking money at the door, Danielle of Watchword Press for providing and serving the wine, and Kevin for staffing the SLF sales table.
So, now the Bay Area has managed two successful events on behalf of SLF. How about the rest of the country? Hello, does anyone live in New York these days?
I had a truly delightful time at this year’s Penguicon. I was attending the convention in three capacities. As Neil Gaiman's Liaison I was assisting Neil with his schedule and trying to live up to my promise to his personal assistant, The Fabulous Lorraine, that I would take good care of him; as Chair of ConFusion, another Detroit-area convention, I was also responsible for setting up ClubFusion, our weekend-long party; and as Secretary of the Science Fiction Oral History Association I was theoretically helping make sure we taped as much of the con as possible. That last being my lowest priority, I wasn't as on top of coordinating it as I should have been and, well, let’s just say we'll do a much better job next year.
I should probably start by explaining that Penguicon was conceived as a combination Linux Expo and Science Fiction Convention. It was started very successfully last year by co-founders Rob Landley (computer geek) and Tracy Worcester (sf geek and smof), not to mention an impressively enthusiastic committee. Steve Gutterman took the helm this year and in most ways it went very well. This is despite the fact that their hotel closed and they had to shift location in the middle of the year, and one of their headline guests, Wil Wheaton, was caught by a scheduling conflict and had to pull out shortly before the convention. They ended up at the Detroit-Novi Sheraton, a site that worked perhaps medium well, and took full advantage of their remaining guests: Neil Gaiman, Jeff "Hemos" Bates, Steve Jackson, and Jon "maddog" Hall, as well as a cadre of "Nifty Guests": Eric Raymond, Pete Abrams, Rob "CmdrTaco" Malda, Fred Gallagher, John Ringo, Howard Tayler, Vince Locke, Sandra L. Brewer, Tom Smith and Luke Ski.
April 16-18 was an earlier time slot this year than last year, which worked out all right except that put it uncomfortably close to both Minicon and the deadline for U.S. taxes. So some people were unable to come, and due to taxes I went into the convention already sleep-deprived. (A theme, you’ll find, of this report.)
Because my car had substantial issues with the shifting and the suspension, not to mention the doors, I borrowed my husband Bill’s car for the weekend, and he drove mine to work. Thursday evening after I learned that Neil was definitely not going to make it that day, Bill informed me that my car was in much worse shape than he’d thought and he wasn’t going to be coming that day, either. I headed on to the Concom/GoH dinner, somewhat sad, but wanting to get oriented and into the swing of the con. Bill stayed up until 3 pm fixing my car and joined me at the con after work on Friday. Which is entirely a side story but serves to illustrate what a wonderful husband I have.
At the ConCom/GoH dinner I was pleased to sit across the table from Steve Jackson and his guest Michelle Barrett, who runs the Steve Jackson Games online store. Steve was the only GoH able to come to dinner, but "Nifty" guest Pete Abrams was there with his assistant Trillian, and an impressive amount of the concom was there despite being short on guests. Have I mentioned this crew is enthusiastic?
Pete and Trillian have been to ConFusion and Penguicon before, so when we were done eating I went over to say "Hi". Across the table was Chuck Firment, who headed Consuite at ConFusion this year and is one of the most wonderful people I know. Chuck had agreed to take Wil’s place as Master of Ceremonies and was also to stand in for him running the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund (CBLDF) Charity Auction Saturday night. With very little prompting, Chuck handed me a cell phone connection to our friend Rennie, so that I could confirm that despite recent knee surgery, she was coming on Friday and would room with Trillian. There was much rejoicing.
I touched base with my head of Publications, Matt Arnold, about party and con flyers. Matt was also Pubs head for Penguicon, as well as their guest liaison for con mascot Tux the penguin, later to be seen wandering around the con in his red Starfleet uniform. I recruited Matt to ride back with me to the hotel and unload a car full of ClubFusion stuff up to my room, and then met back up with the gang in the Consuite. Many of us went downstairs for a while to watch Aegis Consulting demonstrate swordplay, but when it became clear that no one would be allowed to play with the cardboard swords whom had not had 3 months’ training, we returned to the Consuite and there entertained ourselves well into the night.
Friday morning, having no immediate responsibilities and the day off work, I woke up at 6 a.m. My body likes to play these tricks on me. I took my laptop down to the lobby and eventually remembered something Steve had said the night before about Internet access and coupons. The hotel was fully set up for wired and wireless access in the rooms and the lobby, and they were to give us con guests coupons so we could connect for free. I informed the front desk staff of this and soon a group of us were sitting at one of the nice round tables that were plentiful, clicking and chatting away. My most memorable companion of the morning was Howard Tayler, creator of the on-line comic strip Schlock Mercenary. Howard positively impressed me throughout the weekend, more than I expected given his often businesslike demeanor.
Tracy and Susan Harris thankfully lured me to a real breakfast around 10, after which I ran some errands and then went to the airport to pick up Neil’s son Mike. Mike is a computer science student and was attending the con both to visit with his dad and for computer geekery. It was nice to see someone honestly excited about a panel on debuggers. Seth Breidbart came through the arrival doors shortly before Mike, so I gave him a hug and a ride back to the hotel as well.
Neil himself was driving; he had started in Minneapolis the night before and on Friday got delayed getting out of Chicago. I spent the afternoon mostly helping get the ClubFusion suite set up — unexpected bed taken out, light bulbs replaced, room rearranged for slot car racing, conversational spaces, and a place to take registrations. The hotel was short on lamps but I had brought strings of tiny lights to demo, so we were all right. I should have napped but I couldn’t stay still. Regular updates from Neil and Lorraine made it clear that he would arrive, if we were lucky, right before his reading scheduled for 7.
That schedule wouldn’t give us time for the original plan of printing something off Neil's laptop for him to read, so I was sent to the dealer's room to borrow a copy of Shadows over Baker Street. Larry Smith and Sally Kobee were still unpacking and Larry wasn't sure if he had one. "Yes, we have *one*." said Sally. "Yeah, but it's in box number 26!" returned Larry. I assured them that taking two hours to get to the book was just fine. In due time I fetched it from them so I could hand it to Neil when he arrived.
In the meantime, the con was having its only substantial hang-up of the weekend — the registration desk was failing to open. For an hour or more, there was an unchanging line of people along the main hallway, waiting to buy memberships. Actually, they were changing; they were growing more visibly tired of waiting. No one got unruly though and eventually registration got under way (pre-registered attendees were unaffected). As far as I heard, the cause had something to do with not having the badge numbering system finished on time.
At five to 7, Mike and I sat at a table outside Ballrooms A and B, and I called Neil. "It’s tempting to worry you," he admitted, "but I’m at the corner" — I directed him around the hotel and Mike went out to greet him. Neil came in, took the book, went to the podium, set down his bag, and started his reading. He read his Hugo-nominated short story, "A Study in Emerald" and after I got him some water I mostly just sat back and enjoyed it. I’m very sad to say we didn’t record it. I had seen Aaron Thul running the sound equipment and assumed we were recording. It didn’t actually occur to me to ask Aaron if he was recording in the Ballroom and the Theater until 3 a.m. Sunday morning/Saturday night. I feel awful about that, so here’s my apology to everyone: you missed a wonderful reading, and I can’t play it for you, and I’m sorry. That stands for everything else we failed to record at the con too.
After the reading, Neil stayed on stage for Opening Ceremonies while Mike and Bill and I took his luggage up to his room. We returned to hear roaring and merriment coming from the Ballroom. It turned out that Steve Gutterman had, before all assembled, proposed to his girlfriend Dawn, and she had accepted him. The two of them were glowing all weekend and were the focus of much affection.
We had an hour to feed Neil some sushi and then deliver him to a panel on the CBLDF. Then Bill and I headed off to McDonald’s for dinner with Mike and Brendan Durrett, who had been Wil Wheaton’s Guest Liaison but was now just The Ribbon God. He was handling it well, really. Back to the end of the panel, which had run over and been very successful not only in teaching people about the Legal Defense Fund and issues it addresses, but also in recruiting further donations for the Auction. At this point I met Jon Manzo and Louis Sather, who were at the con partly to sell some of Neil’s recently released rare material on behalf of Dreamhaven. They had lots of advice for me, having had Neil as their guest at a couple of Madison cons. It was mostly about protecting and rescuing him because, in case you haven’t noticed, he’s very, very, nice. Even when cornered by an overzealous fan or overburdened at a signing.
Jon and Louis accompanied us up to the green room, where Neil thoroughly established his reputation as an entertainer by singing sections of Jerry Springer: The Opera.
After delivering our tired author GoH to his room, I finally stopped by what Jeff Beeler was calling my party: ClubFusion. I am really grateful to Jeff, and to Brendan, and Kathy Becker, and Dennis Tabaczewski, who ran ClubFusion for the weekend along with our event hosts Gabe Helou, Tammy Coxen, John Guest, and Aegis (who provided the Turkish coffee, Livejournal discussion, and Scotch and Port tastings on Saturday). I was hardly there. But I did get to be there Friday to gift Rennie with a sparkly maroon cap, and to return there with Trillian, giggling madly, after we went for our cruise around the con — with the shoe-kicking and the cartwheels and all. I was having so much fun Friday night that I didn't get to bed until after 5 in the morning. Then, predictably, I woke up at 7. My body, you see, is pleased with its own sense of humor.
Saturday at 11 a.m. I attended Neil’s panel, "Gender of SF," and experienced one of the most noticeable drawbacks of the hotel — it didn't really have medium sized function rooms, just large ones and small ones. The room was overcrowded and got very warm. However, the panel — Sarah Zettel, Jane Irwin, Neil, Jason Ahlquist, and Steve Piziks — was a delight. (The order they were seated in was quickly analyzed as a gender pattern that seemed to have Neil in a crossover position, representing the GLBT crowd that he’s friends with and included as key characters in Sandman.) It started out on the question of whether or not stories have a particular gender perspective, touched on stereotypes and things to avoid or try for, and spent a fair amount of time on everything except bisexuality, which I only managed to bring up just at the end. We all tolerated the couple of times Sarah got on her soapbox about writing women ("I am not a mystery, dammit!"), and the panel wandered freely over various topics of gender and sexuality and how to write real people that you and the readers will care about as characters.
For those of you keeping track of outside events, I believe it was sometime between that panel and the next scheduled item that Neil did various things to ensure that Harlan Ellison received an acceptance speech to deliver in case Coraline won the Nebula (which it did). I’m tickled to be able to say I proofread the speech before he sent it. I suspect Neil had Mike and I read it mainly because he wanted to see at least someone's reaction to it, and partly to be sure it was funny (which it was). He responded to my very minor suggestions with "I see why Cheryl has you do this," which was one of the nicer compliments I’ve received.
At 2, Neil started what was to be a 3-hour autographing session. When we arrived at the ballroom we realized the programming department had made no plan for crowd control. So we got some more tables and set up an area off to the side so people could line up along the wall, walk past the Dreamhaven stuff for sale, and get their books signed by Neil, while other people could walk in and freely approach any of the other authors who were there to sign things. Seth advised me on how to organize things, and just as I was about to announce that the room full of seated people who were waiting to have Neil sign something should get in line row-by-row, a volunteer in the middle of the room stood up and announced just that. Then she enforced it! Self-organization is great. Katie Merritt joined the table also, setting up beside Neil to collect donations and hand out pamphlets about the CBLDF and the women and comics advocacy group Friends of Lulu. I didn’t have much to do for the next 3 hours other than to announce and enforce a 3-item limit, take pictures of people with Neil, and visit with people who stopped by. Which was actually a lot of fun.
At 6, Trillian and I delivered our charges to the Banquet and shortly thereafter fell into the car and let Bill drive us to his favorite Greek restaurant for dinner. Trill and I were both zombies and I especially had no choice after dinner but to nap.
When I woke up I put on a pair of black wings for flair and scouted around. Neil and Chuck had the CBLDF Auction in full swing, and it was obviously going to go on for quite a while. Penguicon had cleverly decided to sacrifice a printer cartridge to make full color pictures of all the items to be auctioned. Those hung on a prominent first-floor wall throughout the day Saturday, drumming up interest. There were quite a lot of nifty things involved, which helped. Also, Chuck and Neil made a really good team. When Chuck caught up with the rest of us at Trillian’s pool party just before 1 a.m. he happily reported they'd raised $4,300 for the CBLDF.
I went back upstairs around then and with the able assistance of the green room staff (as was true all weekend), I made sure Neil was cared for. I’ll feel lucky if I can emulate Penguicon by having certified massage therapists on staff at other conventions I run. Jennifer Hoyer was a terrific help, not only with her professional skills but also in providing an electric pot so we could make tea properly (that is to say, by pouring boiling water over the tea).
Sunday morning Neil had an 11:00 panel on "Blogs as Literature". I sent him there and spent most of the hour arranging to have his readings printed and sushi brought in for lunch. I did catch the end of the panel, where Neil, Steve Jackson and Jeff Bates were discussing blogs as an alternate to news media, especially noting that while voluntary online reports have no authority forcing them to be accurate, mainstream news is chronically inaccurate and not necessarily better.
At 1 we were back in the Ballroom for Sandman Jeopardy, a game based on the American quiz show. Alice was still setting up the electronics and the wall of questions, so we took a quick turn around the Dealers room. Neil decided against buying a really cute unlicensed Sandman-characters-as-Manga T-shirt, and pleased Pete Abrams by letting him know he reads Sluggy Freelance. Then it was back to the game. Neil was set up as Alex Trebek, reading the answers to which the contestants had to provide the questions, Seth let himself be recruited to keep score, and I had the role of Vanna particular to versions of Jeopardy where the question category values have to be removed from the wall as you go along. Neil selected contestants from the audience and then ran a very engaging game, allowing the audience itself to have a try and win or lose points collectively whenever the onstage contestants had given up on a question.
After that Neil dropped straight into his final Reading of the convention, which consisted of selected poems and a short story called "Forbidden Brides of the Faceless Slaves in the Nameless House of the Night of Dread Desire." It’s a story about a writer struggling between a feeling he ought to write Real Literature with gritty realism and a desire to produce escapist fantasy... with a delightful twist on those categories. The audience laughed in all the right places and afterward Neil resumed his position by the wall of Saturday afternoon and signed more books while the convention Feedback Session started. I snuck off for a while to make my goodbyes to the Sluggy crew.
When he was finished there, Neil returned to the Dealers room to sign books for the dealers, went upstairs to the green room to give his last interview (he had granted a few short interviews to various members of local media), and had approximately 15 minutes to visit alone with his son before we had to leave to take Mike to the airport. They tucked me in the back seat for the ride, which was fun. Neil drives a black Mini Cooper with an in-dash GPS navigation system. I directed him to the South entrance of the new Northwest terminal at Detroit Metro, a maneuver which took us off the system’s map and had it urging us to "Please return to planned route" — what it says, as Neil put it, when it thinks you’re in a field.
On our return to the Hotel, we walked into the Lobby and Neil pointed out that this was the first time he’d actually made it to that end of the hotel. So I showed him the room that had been the computer lounge, and he got to see Chaos. Chaos is a game/building set that Steve Jackson had brought for the Penguins to play with for the weekend. Imagine a huge Tinker Toy set with marbles running through it — a Chaos Machine.
Penguicon was over, and Chaos was packed up to go back to Texas. I had a lovely though tired dinner with my GoH and crashed for the night. A full night’s sleep hardly made up for having had only 10 hours of sleep between Thursday and Sunday, but I had a nice breakfast with Neil and Steve on Monday, helped Neil carry his things to his car and went home to spend the afternoon in a happy daze outside in the sunshine. A fine weekend and a fine con. I’ll be back next year, to be sure.
At last I can reveal the truth. Neal Stephenson’s Baroque Cycle is not science fiction, it is fantasy. How do I know this? Because in common with almost every other fat fantasy trilogy ever written, the characters get to visit everywhere on The Map at some point during the story.
Now Stephenson, of course, is not so crass as to actually have The Map printed in the front of the book. But then he doesn’t need to because the strange fantasy world through which his characters move is the 17th Century of our own history. Some of The Map is unfamiliar. Prussia, for example, comes into existence during the story, only to vanish again long before our time. Much of North America is unexplored and inhabited only by warlike Indians. And parts of The Map, for example Terra Australis, are so unknown that only Enoch Root dares venture there. But a map there is, and between them Jack and Eliza manage to visit most of it, or at least have discourse with persons from the unvisited parts.
Much to my relief, the plot about the Duc d’Arcachon that I outlined last month only lasted around 250 pages, about the length of a sensible-sized book. Stephenson then follows this up with Numerous and Divers Sundry Plots, all of which are entertaining and padded in about equally large amounts. Jack, having been involved in nefarious and piratical exploits involving Spanish bullion, spends most of the book traveling eastward through Egypt to Hindoostan, Japan and finally New Spain. Much adventure is had along the way, and it is discovered that the natives have Strange Customs.
Jack had wondered how geometers could be so inventive as to produce so many types and families of curves. Later he had come to perceive that of curves there was no end, and the true miracle was that poets, or writers, or whoever it was that was in charge of devising new words, could keep pace with those hectic geometers, and slap new names on all the whorls and snarls in the pages of the Doctor’s geometry-books. Now, though, he understood that geometers and word-wrights alike were nothing more than degraded and by-passed off-shoots of the South-Asian weapons industry. There was not a straight blade in all of Hindoostan.
Eliza, for her part, is engaged in more intellectual pursuits, such as swindling large sums of money out of German bankers so as to save France from bankruptcy, and debating with Natural Philosophers the need for some new kind of science to enable countries to so manage their affairs that they do not run out of money. The people of London, or rather Those of Quality, seem to spend their entire lives sitting in coffee shops drinking exotic brews and bemoaning the fact that they are having to pay for this luxurious lifestyle on credit. Nothing much seems to have changed there.
"We have no mines, no El Dorado. If we want gold and silver we must look not to treasure-fleets from America. Yet if we conduct commerce here, and build the Bank of England, why, gold and silver will appear in our coffers as if by magic – or Alchemy if you prefer."
Doubtless Isaac Newton would despair of Roger Comstock’s imprecise use of the term "alchemy", for mere commerce can only produce mere gold, and only alchemy can produce True Gold. Sadly that True Gold was all collected up by King Solomon centuries ago and shipped off east to some mysterious island kingdom whose location, say the sages, has since been lost. Except that exploration of the world is now proceeding apace, and gold may be found. Jack Shaftoe, you may remember, had had doings with certain quantities of Spanish bullion. What if it were to be discovered that said bullion, as attested by expert metal-smiths, was more dense than normal gold, and therefore clearly of alchemical manufacture. That would place the value of said cargo well above its fetching price on one of Eliza’s commodity markets. It would be a thing that Kings would move heaven and earth to obtain. Especially if one happened to be the King of France and therefore had good reason to want to see one Jack Shaftoe safely confined to one’s deepest dungeon.
What if I were to say that Au-197 is the only known stable isotope of gold. Does that mean that The Confusion must be fantasy and not science fiction?
Goodness knows. Stephenson spends a lot of time joyously weirding the boundary between science and magic, something which is much easier in the 18th Century when people believed more easily in both of those things. Sometimes even the Jesuits had trouble telling the difference.
"I must know, cousine, if you invoked any of the fallen ones – if my death and resurrection were effected by dæmonic necromancy or –"
"Dæmonic necromancy is so tedious, and fraught with unintended consequences," said Oyonnax, "when syrup of poppies does the job perfectly well."
So there we are. Daring piratical adventure on the high seas. Thrilling tales of far-off Hindoostan, where our heroes are beset by divers Camels, Elephants, Crocodiles, Pirate-Queens and other beastly inhabitants of those parts too numerous to mention, the invention of economics, plus discourse on science, magic, al-chemy, al-jebra and of course history.
Somehow Eliza manages to wield her influence and be behind many of the great political developments of the day. Which is to say that she spends a lot of time intriguing amongst the royal families of Europe.
Whereas to a peasant family "loyalty" might mean slopping the hogs, to a royal it might mean marrying one, if that would help.
But I am rambling, which is hardly surprising because I have just finished reading 800+ pages of very cleverly written rambling. I really didn’t want to know the intricate details of how to make phosphorus, or Damascus steel, or how to navigate your way across the Pacific in a sailing ship. But then again I was continually entertained by humorous prose, interesting historical fact, radical plot changes, and the elegant ease with which Stephenson adopts the baroque style of the times he is portraying. He does, after all, love playing with words. And one of the things that he wishes to do with them is confuse.
"They cannot see the string at this distance," Jack commented, "and suppose you are doing some sort of magick."
Once upon a time there was a land of many gods that lived along the banks of a river. It was a land too of many rulers, and while they did not all share the same gods, they all shared the same river. Mother Ganges was for everyone. Then the British came and went, and when they went the land was one land with one ruler and the people’s heads were filled full of notions of progress that had nothing to do with the leisurely nature (or downward spiral) of Brahma’s cosmos. Before long, of course, the land became many again. First there was Pakistan, then Bangladesh. Now there are new countries: Bharat, Awadh, Kerala and so on. As for that "progress" thing, well…
To start with there is global warming. Not that it is at all the fault of the peoples of India, of course, but it affects all, including the monsoon. The rains do not come. In Bharat there is only the river. Progress also means a need for electricity. Everyone needs it. In Awadh they have built a great dam, on the Ganges. In Bharat the water flows more slowly, if at all. There is talk of war. And war, if it comes, will too be a creature of progress, for these days war is fought by proxy, by machines, by AIs. And thanks to progress, nowhere in the world is software as intelligent as it is in India.
Vishram goes naked onto the iron balcony. The air and the perfume of the city of Siva powder his skin. Clusters of winking aircraft lights move over the hazy yellow skyline. The soldiers who fly in the night. He tries to imagine a war. Robot killing machines running through the alleys, titanium blades in all four hands, avatars of Kali. Aeai gunships piloted by warriors half a planet away coming in across the Ganga on strafing runs. Awadh’s American allies fight in the modern manner, without a single soldier leaving home, without a single body bag.
Why do the Americans side with Awadh? Because Bharat is the home to demons and abominations. The wise and god-fearing people of Awadh have enacted their own versions of the Hamilton Acts, limiting the development of artificial intelligences to no more than level 2.0. The god-fearing people of America want nothing to do with anyone’s silicon Antichrist. In Bharat, on the other hand, AIs of up to level 2.5 are legal and have been developed. This gives Bharat a powerful commercial edge, at the expense of offending the Americans.
Of course such dangerous devices must be licensed and carefully guarded. Ambitious businessmen and criminals, not to mention the AIs themselves, will always try to evade the laws. That is where Mr. Nandha comes in. He is a Krishna Cop, a hunter and killer of escaped or unlicensed AIs. It is his job to protect Bharat from demons, but he might just as well be trying to dam the Ganges all by himself. Indeed, some people think that he is foolish to try.
"There are undoubtedly Generation Three aeais out there that are every bit as alive and aware and filled with sense of self as I am. But they aren’t going to reduce us all to slavery or pethood or just nuke us because they perceive we’re in competition with them for the same ecological niche; that’s Hamilton’s thinking, and it’s not thinking at all."
That was Professor Thomas Lull, one of the world’s foremost experts in artificial life. Lull has chosen to withdraw from the world, sickened by the way his work is defined by politics rather than by science. He has fled to India, not, as has been the case with many of his colleagues, to work in the pirate Sundabarbans on illegal software, but simply to enjoy a slower pace of life, take a few recreational drugs, and enjoy a party or two. It is at one such party that he meets Aj, a young girl in search of her parents. A girl who claims to be able to talk to the gods.
Talking to the gods is perhaps not the most useful skill in modern day India. Someone is always likely to ask which gods? If the potential water war with Awadh were not bad enough, Sajida Rana and her government have to cope with the Hindu fundamentalist party of N.K. Jivanjee. Compromise and nepotism have left Sajida with a weak cabinet. The only mind on which she can rely is that of her private secretary, Shaheen Badoor Khan. But Khan, of course, is a Muslim, exactly the sort of person at whom Jivanjee would like to aim his bloodthirsty street mobs. It is not an easy job, ruling Bharat.
Meanwhile, far out in space, NASA has discovered something very strange indeed. To astronomers it is known simply as Darnley 285, a large asteroid whose path might one day take it dangerously close to Earth. Except that it doesn’t. Almost as if trying to attract attention to itself, Darnley 285 gently corrects its course each orbit so as not to put it on a collision path. Naturally NASA sends a team to investigate. What they find there terrifies them far more than simple orbital anomalies. It causes them to go to Lisa Durnau, Lull’s foremost pupil, for help. And it causes them to hire computing resources that are illegal back home and unavailable anywhere except Bharat.
Is that everything? Far from it. Ian McDonald’s new novel, River of Gods, is as stuffed full of sights and sounds and emotions and ideas as India itself. Have I mentioned the Bharati power company that is experimenting with zero point field theory as a means of providing limitless free power from parallel universes? Have I mentioned the cricket match against England? Have I mentioned the nutes, people who have taken advantage of modern surgical techniques to make themselves over into creatures of pleasure entirely without gender? Have I mentioned Town and Country, the hugely popular soap opera with AI actors? Have I mentioned how genetics is coming to the aid of the caste system?
"Most days I can see the Indian Brown Cloud, I see the water level go down, I see skeletons on the beach, but they don’t frighten me. It is those dreadful children, those Brahmins, they call them. Whoever gave them that name knew a thing or two. I tell you what it is scares Nanak about them. It’s not that they live twice as long, half as fast as we do, or that they are children with the rights and tastes of adults. What frightens me is that we have reached a stage where wealth can change human evolution. You could inherit lakhs of money, send your children to American schools – like those inbred half-mad maharajas – but you couldn’t buy IQ, or talents or good looks even. Anything you could do was cosmetic. But with those Brahmins, you can buy a new infrastructure."
Truly, there is so much in River of Gods that I could go on for pages talking about it. There is so much that McDonald needs ten viewpoint characters to tell the whole tale. Is it excessive? Possibly. Is it enthralling? Beyond doubt. If nothing else you will want to find out how McDonald manages to tie all of the disparate stands of the story together.
It is amusing too. McDonald plays games with names. The fact that some of the stupid American politicians are named after British SF authors will raise a smile. The fact that some of the less pleasant Indian characters are named after members of India’s current cricket team will perhaps not go down well on the subcontinent but will cause hilarity in England, Australia and Pakistan.
There will, undoubtedly, be a lot of fine genre novels published in the UK in 2004. Big names like MacLeod, Miéville and Grimwood are all in the hunt for honors. But in River of Gods Ian McDonald has produced a novel of impressive scope that is going to get noticed and may well get onto award shortlists. Don’t miss this one, you won’t see anything else like it this year. Besides, it has trains.
Downtown Mumbai is the world’s largest single building; malls and housing projects and office and leisure units fused together into a many-armed, many-headed demon. Nestled at the heart of it is Chattrapati Shivaji Terminus, a bezoar of Victorian excess and arrogance, now completely domed over with shopping precincts and business units, like a toad emtombed in a nodule of limestone. There is never a moment when Chattrapati Shivaji Terminus is still or silent. She is a city within a city. Certain castes boast they are unique to it; families claim to have raised generations among the platforms and tracks and red brick piers who have never seen daylight. Five hundred million feet pass over the Raj marble each year, tended by citiesful of porters, vendors, shysters, insurance sellers and janampatri readers.
In my probably none-too-humble opinion, if a novel was going to beat Maul to the Tiptree Award this year then it was going to have to be pretty damn spectacular. The eventual winner was Set This House in Order, by Matt Ruff. And I’m pleased to say that my none-too-humble opinion was dead right.
If it had not been the Tiptree winner I would probably be reviewing Set This House in Order in the mainstream novel section of Emerald City. The book has no ray guns, no aliens and no spaceships. If it is about science at all then it is about psychotherapy. But what it is really about is Multiple Personality Disorder.
I’m no great expert on mental disorders, and I would not care to essay an explanation of how MPD is different from schizophrenia, for example. However, from the description that Ruff gives in the novel MPD involves the sufferer having several distinct personalities, or "souls" as Ruff terms them, each of which vies for control of the body. These souls can seem to be very different people. Indeed, the main reason why Set This House in Order is a Tiptree winner is that the souls do not even have to be of the same gender. From what I have read on the Web this is commonplace. The fact that the MPD sufferers sometimes think that they are persons of the opposite gender of that of their bodies may have some bearing on transsexualism. Or not as the case may be. Who knows, human brains can be utterly mysterious.
As with so much in mental illness, there is some dispute as to whether MPD is real, or whether the patients are somehow "faking" being different people. And as is only too inevitable with fringe disorders of this sort, the condition has attracted a bunch of crackpot cures. Ruff, although a West Coast resident himself, has little time for them.
There was Dr. Minor, who believed that most MPD cases were the result, not of ordinary child abuse, but of ritual abuse perpetrated by a nationwide conspiracy of Satanic cults. There was Dr. Bruno, who was into past life regression. There was Dr. Whitney, who as a sideline to his regular practice ran a support group for people who had been sexually assaulted by extraterrestrials. And then there was Dr. Leopold, who recommended litigation as an adjunct to therapy. "Sue your parents," he advised my father during their first session. "You’ll never reclaim your sense of self until you strike back at the bastards who did this to you."
Ruff accepts that genuine MPD is the result of child abuse, although only of the most extreme kind. However, he is interested only in two possible types of cure. The standard treatment is called "re-integration", in which patients are encouraged to merge their divergent personalities into a single person. But Ruff’s hero, Andy Gage, has opted for an alternative treatment in which he accepts that the various people in his head are all individuals in their own right, and comes to an arrangement between them regarding control of the body. Indeed, Gage’s position (or rather that of his therapist, Dr. Grey) is that he is not "ill" and that he can conduct a perfectly normal life despite being several people at once.
The house of the book’s title, then, is an imaginary house inside Andy Gage’s head where all of his various personalities live. Andy himself runs the body most of the time, but takes advice from his "father" Aaron, who claims to be the original personality. Some of the inhabitants of the house, such as the child-like Jake or the artistic Aunt Sam, need only occasional peeps at reality to be kept happy. Others, such as the marital arts expert, Seferis, only take control in emergencies. But there is also Gideon, a selfish and greedy personality who wants to destroy the other souls and have the body all to himself. Aaron has exiled him to the misty island of "Coventry" in the middle of the lake near the house, but Gideon constantly plots escape.
Thanks to therapy from Dr. Grey, Andy has become very good at marshalling his various selves and is able to hold down a decent job. All goes well until his well-meaning but impractical boss, Julie, decides to hire another MPD sufferer in the hope that Andy can have a friend and maybe help the new girl, Penny, control her souls the way he can. In trying to assist Penny, Andy opens up a minefield of repressed memories in his own mind that he can only sort out by investigating the truth of his background. As I noted earlier, MPD sufferers only get that way through the most horrific child abuse. Consequently the novel is not easy reading.
Oh, but it is good, very good. As I said earlier, I don’t know a lot about mental disorders. I have no idea whether Ruff’s portrayal of MPD is accurate or not, or whether Dr. Grey’s revolutionary therapy is a good approach to take. What I do know is that Matt Ruff has created a fascinating and compelling novel. Why it hasn’t won any mainstream awards is a mystery to me.
The latest novel by Anne Harris, Inventing Memory, is a meditation on the role of myth and religion in society. It takes place partly in modern day America and partly in the city of Erech in ancient Sumerian, during the reign of King Gilgamesh. The lead characters are Wendy Chrenko, an expert in Sumerian religion, and Shula, a slave girl who rises to become a priestess of Inanna.
We here at the First Church of Ishtar, Newly Revived, express our delight that Harris has chosen to highlight The Goddess and her stories in this way, even if she has chosen to use the old Sumerian name for the Queen of Heaven. We are particularly pleased at how many of the ancient tales have been used in the book. We do note that there are certain theological inexactitudes in Harris’s treatment that, in less enlightened times, would probably have resulted in her being convicted of heresy and sentenced to be torn apart by The Goddess’s pet lions, every day from now until eternity. But one of the advantages of being the Pope of your own church is that you can show magnanimity where necessary. Besides, Harris is a really nice person and I’d hate to have to order her sacrificed in such a potentially messy fashion. And, what is more, by the time we get to the end of the book, she says all of the right things.
But we have to start at the beginning, and that means the Garden of Eden. As with much of Genesis, this story has parallels in Sumerian myth, and wasn’t always as we know it. In particular there is the mysterious figure of Lilith, Adam’s supposed first wife. A garden with a tree, guarded by a dragon or snake, and inhabited by Lilith, appear in a Gilgamesh story. The meaning of that tale is not entirely clear, but I guess Lilith and the snake could have been up to all sorts of tricks.
And from these, in the fullness of time, came people. A new kind of creature that could write laws of its own. And the first law that people wrote was, "Death exists."
"True enough," said the snake, and Lili agreed, but before they knew it people were writing all kinds of other laws. Some of them were pretty good, like "Hanging out and talking is fun," but others, like "Sex is evil" didn’t make any sense at all.
Harris’ heroine, Wendy Chrenko, is a devotee of what I tend to call "fluffy bunny feminism." This is the idea that if women were in charge of the world all would be sweetness and light and there would be no nastiness, ever again. It is generally accompanied by a belief that in the dim and distant past there was a time when a matriarchal fluffy bunny society existed, The Goddess was worshipped, and all was right with the world. This Eden-like paradise was destroyed by the invention of patriarchy, and we have gone downhill ever since. You can see the attraction of the Eden and Lilith myths to people who believe this sort of thing.
Shula, on the other hand, lives in the reality of ancient Sumeria. Although Inanna is worshiped fervently (indeed she is the patron Goddess of Erech), there is already a King (Gilgamesh) and Inanna’s position in the divine hierarchy is by no means pre-eminent. Wendy and her feminist pagan friends have this daft idea that they can somehow search even further back and discover the fluffy bunny garden, thereby putting the world to rights. In the process of trying to do so, they learn some very different lessons, including that even fluffy bunnies have teeth and are liable to bite.
"But how can I? My life before I came to Erech is a murky pond, and I have no net or line to draw up what might be in there."
There are, I think, a few flaws in Inventing Memory. Some of the characterization is a little stereotyped, although I guess some of that can be forgiven because Harris is talking about myths so she wants stereotypes in the story. On the other hand her portrayal of the unpleasantness of school life is particularly good so I’m not going to complain much.
More importantly, she gets the philosophy right. There never was a fluffy bunny garden, nor can we create one. On the other hand, myths are simply ways in which we try to help order our lives. As Joseph Campbell explained, we can create new ones. And the myths of the past contain many useful elements. Patriarchal religion is neither inevitable nor healthy, and we need to get rid of it. Taking the better ideas from times when goddesses were worshipped is a good start. Anne Harris’s book is, in its own way, a neo-pagan manifesto, and as such I highly recommend it.
If you are going to set a fantasy novel in the Middle East there are a few sites that you simply have to use. One is the awesome crusader castle, the Krak des Chevaliers. The other is the desert city of Petra. Chaz Brenchley is smart; he has used both of them.
Part four of the Outremer series (or the second half of part two if you have the UK version) is set in the Sharai city of Rhabat, which just happens to be carved out of pink rocks in a vast canyon. The Sharai did not build the city, of course. They are desert people; they don’t build anything. But that makes the city all the more magical. Of course in most fantasy books the mysterious canyon city with its wondrous architecture and advanced technology would have been built by elves or dwarves. But because we know that it is just a version of Petra and that Arab tribesmen are going to find Roman-period cities awesome it is all somehow more believable.
Where Brenchley deviates from the historical Petra is that he sites the city directly on the Dead Sea (or Dead Waters as he calls it). There are reasons for this, including an explanation as to why an ancient civilization would have built a city on such an inhospitable stretch of water. If you have read part three (A Dark Way to Glory) and remember seeing an army of Ifrit disappear into the Dead Waters you may also have something of an inkling as to what is to come.
The book is called Feast of the King’s Shadow and indeed we do finally get to meet Julianne’s scheming father. The whole point of going to Rhabat (excepting that Julianne and Elisande were ordered there by the djinn) was for the Sharai leaders, the Surayonese and the Shadow to get together so as to head off the impending war. We have been led to expect a book full of diplomacy. Brenchley, however, is adept at not delivering what is expected. Instead what we get is a whole lot of character development, in particular the setting up of various love triangles with which the author can torture his characters.
The other thing that happens in this book is that the magical stakes are raised significantly. Marron, of course, has been massively powerful ever since he became a host for the Daughter. But that power is mitigated by its uncontrollability and Marron’s oath to never again deliberately use it to take life (even Ifrit life). However, in Feast of the King’s Shadow our heroes (and the entire Sharai army) are beset by an unstoppable, and largely unkillable, army of Ifrit. With Marron unwilling to kill, the only way that Brenchley can save his heroes is to give one of them significant magical power as well. This may unbalance the remaining books of the series.
Then again, there is a lot left to be done. War still appears inevitable. Even if Hasan can be talked round, you can bet that Marshall Fulke and his fanatical holy order will stick to their plans. And talking of fanatics, we can’t forget about the Sand Dancers. In the meantime, Julianne gets married (again) and is just about to finally lose her virginity when… Well, that would be telling. Suffice it to say that Brenchley ends on a humdinger of a cliffhanger that makes you want to rush straight out and buy the next book. Which is just how it should be.
There are many reasons for setting up a small press publishing company, and hopefully at some point I will get to talk to Storm Constantine about hers. But one of the obvious reasons for doing so is to bring good books back into publication. Constantine is doing this with books like Ian Watson’s BSFA Award winning novel, Whores of Babylon (which I hope to get round to reviewing soon). But she is also able to do it with her own books, and that means that Hermetech is once again in print.
All things considered, Hermetech is still my favorite Storm Constantine book. Granted Constantine has matured as a writer in the last 13 or so years. There are slabs on infodump in there that I am sure she’d me more careful with these days. But its essential tightness of plot (yes, it is a stand-alone novel) remains, and idea-wise the rest of the world has in some ways caught up with it. Most importantly, perhaps, I think that Constantine’s themes of gender and magic actually work better as SF than as fantasy. Let me talk about the book, and hopefully it will become clear.
A ground mist, morning white, hid all but a suggestion of landscape. A dreamer could imagine green fields might lie there, trees with leaves, even animals moving slowly over the grass. Concentrate hard enough and the smell of living plants might be conjured up. A psychic could probably manage it; someone good with ghosts.
Theme one is a world ravaged by technology. When it was far too late, mankind turned back to Gaia, but their worship has little effect on the planet. Even the appliance of science to environmental ends seemed to have very little effect. The primary philosophy of the Tech-Green movement is for mankind to move into space and let the planet heal herself in her own time. The less wealthy, the Naturotech, travel the world in gypsy-like convoys, surviving by scavenging and re-cycling, and worshipping at artificial henges they have constructed. Much of this is rather reminiscent of the techno-greens in Gwyneth Jones’s Bold As Love series.
The angels of climate control have freshly misted the streets tonight. If Arcady has to have low-life areas (and what city doesn’t?), the streets should always be damp at night. Clusters of translucent, ceramic globes hang along the warren of boulevards and alleys, like fizzing crystal balls, gossiping prophecies. Blue-white radiance that should be bright, but isn’t, making the sidewalks gleam.
Theme two is city life under the domes. Those who cannot afford or do not wish to flee into space, and who don’t fancy taking their chances outdoors, can huddle under the domes and rely on technology to pretend that all is as it once was. The economy hasn’t failed, yet. And certain parts of the economy, you suspect, will never fail. The oldest professional will also be the last, and modern bioscience can do wondrously inventive things to the body.
Theme three is magic: sex magic to be precise. Ewan Famber, the golden boy of the Tech-Green movement, had this theory that the solution to mankind’s problems was not in meddling with the environment, but in meddling with themselves. He believed that by tapping into the psychic energy produced by human orgasm you could, quite literally, change the world. All that was needed were a few subtle neurological and genetic modifications, and of course a few necessary blocks to prevent the little goddess coming into her powers before she has learned to control them.
We have characters now. Ewan Famber is long dead, killed in a freak accident in space. But his wife and daughter survive him, eking out a miserable existence on the company pension. Living too are his former assistant and mistress, Leila Saatchi, and his ex-boss, Quincx Roirbak. Leila has resigned from Tech-Green and now leads a Naturotech convoy called Star Eye. Quincx has just retired, and lives in luxury in Arcady where he carries on his scientific studies as a hobby. Both of them wait anxiously for the time when Famber’s daughter, Ari, reaches puberty. They owe it to their old friend to see the girl through the process. Besides, their scientific curiousity has been pricked by the records that Famber left.
Theme four is just sex. On the streets of Arcady there walks a young man who is nothing but trouble. Zambia Crevecoeur has ambitions well above his abilities and considerable pride. Sadly, neither of these are enough to keep him out of the clutches of the successful club owner, Jahsaxa Penumbra. For Zambia is a very pretty boy, and Penumbra wants him in her stable of whores. Having reduced him to penury and desperation, Penumbra presents the offer that he can’t refuse. There is a new surgical technique that allows for implanting additional sexual organs in the body, for creating a new kind of human that is neither male nor female and is able to please either, or both, or several.
To some extent Hermetech is just a classic Constantine novel of sexual confusion and jealously, but there is rather less of that than in many of her books. Furthermore, Crevecoeur is not the subject of the novel, but rather a means by which Constantine can embroil her characters in unsavory goings on and danger. And unlike most SF authors who deal with such subjects, Constantine is also aware that changing gender is no trivial matter: she has Crevecoeur go through substantial counseling and neurological re-programming before he is able to come to terms with his new body.
But this, as I said, is a sideline. The main thrust of the novel involves Ari and her journey from isolated country girl to the big city, and from frightened teenager to confident woman. Hermetech is a coming of age novel, but it is one that suggests that the coming of age process is not just something that individual humans have to do, but something that is a necessity for the entire race.
"Order froze the world, Ari, and those who set themselves up as leaders of society used everything they could to control people around them. Humanity’s excursions into its own future became entirely cerebral. Science developed. The province of the mind. People strove to be free of Nature, seeing it as something outside of themselves. Its innate chaos repelled them. Soma, or body, and bodily functions, were regarded as unclean or shameful. Their gods became sexless, spirit without flesh, without fleshly drives, pure thought. And people strove to emulate their creation, while telling themselves they were striving for purity as possessed by the entity or entities that had created them."
So there is a little preaching along the way, but it is preaching that we would do well to listen to. Even if we don’t subscribe to Constantine’s theories about the magical powers of sex, we can all recognize how much we have become detached from our physical reality, and from the planet that gave us birth. And besides, along the way Constantine gives us some great science-fictional imagery.
The jellycrusts, scorning the protection of traveling within armoured trucks, walked the dry lands in ragged groups, pushing or dragging their belongings in carts and sledges. Their skins were concealed by a thick, insulating gel once manufactured for military use. Since then, the jellycrusts had bought up all remaining stocks of the stuff, slapping it onto their integument, where it accumulated the dust and debris of the desert lands; hence their nickname. It reminded Leila of certain larval creatures who once lived in freshwater streams, and which perhaps still did somewhere, who attached stones and water rubbish to their skins, making a shell to live in.
So there we have it, a stand-alone science fiction novel that encapsulates most of what is essential about a Storm Constantine book and does so effectively and elegantly. These days, of course, SF publishing tends to be rather too prudish to cope with the likes of Zambia Crevecoeur, let alone sex magic, so it is left to small presses to provide an outlet. It is good that they do.
Elastic Press is a UK-based operation that puts itself firmly out on the edge in a number of different ways. I spoke to the man behind the company, Andrew Hook, to find out how this adventurous business was doing.
AH: Well, I wouldn’t rule out books about lingerie – or perhaps a lingerie-themed anthology – but essentially the word Elastic refers to the flexibility of what we do here in that we’re not genre restrictive.
CM: So how long has Elastic Press been going, and how are things so far? Can you give up the day job yet?
AH: Our first anthology was published in November 2002, and – to test the water – it was a collection of my own previously published stories entitled The Virtual Menagerie. Considering it was short-listed for the British Fantasy Society Award for best collection in 2003 it was a good flagship for Elastic to run with. Since then, we’ve continued to publish new single-author collections quarterly without fail, and the reviews have almost unanimously been favorable. As for giving up the day job, that won’t happen without a major distribution deal and here in the UK that’s quite difficult, but I’m in no rush and at the moment I’m content to build on what we’ve achieved to date and then take it from there.
CM: Your policy is only to publish anthologies and collections. That’s a pretty specialist market niche, why did you go for it?
AH: I’m a great lover of short fiction and there are very few publishers specializing in short stories. Plus, I wanted to consolidate the reputations of those authors in the independent press who had many stories published but ultimately little to show for it. Magazines come and go, but anthologies and collections tend to stand the test of time. As a promoter of short fiction and an enthusiast for the independent press, my desire was to forge ahead in this particular market, and make Elastic stand out from those publishers who have more diverse catalogues.
CM: You are also specializing in lesser-known writers. That’s a great thing for a small press to be doing, but is there a market?
AH: In the UK at the moment mainstream publishers will tell you that there is no market for short stories, that there is no market for unknown writers, and that there is no market for mixed genre publications. My answer is that if you create the market then there is a market, and by having to create that market hopefully that makes us memorable. The great thing about Elastic Press is that many people have been with us from the start and regularly pre-order from one book to the next – regardless of the name of the writer. And because our titles are so reasonably priced people have the freedom to experiment with some of the lesser-known writers, which benefits both the writer and the reader. Most of our writers have, however, been previously published in several magazines, and so the names should be familiar to the independent press scene in the UK if not elsewhere.
CM: And if all that wasn’t enough you are positioning yourself firmly in the slipstream. Your web site talks about being on the edges of fantasy and reality rather than being firmly genre or non-genre. Another brave move?
AH: It simply reflects my own personal preferences in literature. Life itself is a mixture of SF-Fantasy-Horror-Crime-Surrealism-Romance-Downright Weird, so why be genre-restrictive with fiction? I’ve always preferred stories which cross those boundaries, and such fiction can often be more interesting without the usual tropes coming into play. I want to appeal to those readers who want an eclectic read, who regard all writing as "literature" and who are prepared to be open-minded in their reading.
CM: How do you go about choosing a collection to publish? Is it a question of monitoring magazines looking for people with good stuff, or do you wait for them to come to you?
AH: In terms of the single-author collections most of the authors have approached me. My policy is to always request two stories in the first instance to gauge an opinion of their work, and then to read the remainder of their proposed collection if I like what I’ve been sent. Usually, if I’ve requested the collection in its entirety then I’m likely to publish it. There’s an intuitive feeling to be had when reading the initial query that generally holds true when reading the collection.
AH: Whilst Brian currently lives in Tokyo he was born in the UK and has had stories published in The Third Alternative and other magazines and anthologies, so he was known to me as a writer before he approached me. What is interesting about his collection, The Sound of White Ants, is that all the stories are either set in modern Japan or feature Japanese characters, and whilst they are mainly literary, there are threads of slipstream running through them which unnervingly knock the reader askew. To quote someone on our discussion boards: "Uncomfortable, disturbing, on the very knife-edge of bad-taste, wallowing in death and sexual obsession." Not a bad combination, really…
CM: Your anthologies are strongly if somewhat strangely themed. Can you explain the story behind Alsiso?
AH: The Alsiso Project is an anthology in which all twenty-three stories are entitled "Alsiso", and contains such writers as K.J. Bishop (who also did the cover design), Justina Robson, John Grant, and Nicholas Royle, amongst others. The word "Alsiso" is a nonsense word, it can mean anything and nothing, and came about as the result of a typo on our discussion boards, yet although each of the authors tackled it in a different way there is an overall gestalt that gives the book a unique identity. All of the reviews so far have been complimentary, and because of its quirky premise and multi-genre content, it’s an excellent place to start for those readers wanting to familiarize themselves with the books that we’re publishing.
AH: We’ve accepted around half a dozen pieces so far, and unlike Alsiso this is an anthology which is open to submissions rather than by invitation, so anyone interested in contributing should seek out the guidelines on our website. The brief premise is that each story must contain a number in the title which must also be integral to the plot. Some of the submissions we’ve received don’t quite hit the mark, either with originality or by not keeping the number element central. Those stories we have accepted, however, indicate that this will be a very strong anthology, and I hope it will continue to raise awareness of Elastic Press as a publisher of innovative and original fiction. As Christopher Fowler says in his introduction to The Alsiso Project, "I’ve always wondered why more anthologies aren’t intelligently or capriciously themed." In fact, intelligent and capricious fit well in the Elastic Press ethos.
CM: You had one of your own stories in Alsiso. Is there any sort of conflict with editing and publishing your own work alongside other people’s?
AH: I included one of my own stories in Alsiso because the idea was to produce an anthology which would be a retrospective for those writers Elastic had previously published, together with a taster for those writers lined up for the future – as well as some additional names. The reviews so far suggest that decision was justifiable. When I published my own collection to launch Elastic that was done specifically to see whether I had the wherewithal to do so – I didn’t want to experiment with someone else’s book given the responsibility which that contains! In addition, in my collection, seventeen out of the nineteen stories had been previously published and had proven their worth with magazine editors elsewhere. This isn’t something I would continue with however, and I don’t anticipate publishing myself again.
AH: Allen is the sole editor of the Book of Numbers. He came to me after being involved in The Alsiso Project with the suggestion of editing a similarly strange anthology. I liked his idea and felt confident in leaving the details in his hands.
AH: We use digital printing with Blitzprint, and whilst they have PoD facilities available, I treat them in the same way as I would a traditional printer and print a fixed amount of books in the first instance. Unlike some PoD companies we’re totally in charge of all stages of production/marketing, and this arrangement gives us the flexibility that we need in order to run the business effectively.
CM: The traditional distribution question: how is it going? I see you have a very small list of stores that carry your books, but quite a few online venues as well.
AH: Distribution to major bookstores is next to impossible in the UK for an independent press other than targeting those stores local to the author. A major distribution deal would mean switching to conventional printing rather than digitally printing as the increased print runs would be more cost-effective per unit. There is a possible distribution deal in the pipeline which could affect this, although the risk of returns on a sale or return basis could prove difficult. However, there are a number of independent chains in the UK who regularly stock our products, so we do have a definite bookshop presence.
AH: Our major American outlet is through the online stores at Shocklines and Clarkesworld Books, and we also get several overseas orders through the BFS online store in the UK. I’d like to increase our presence in the American market, and I think this is something that will come with time as our catalogue increases and more people become aware of us.
CM: I see that you have started distributing books by the US small press, Emperor’s New Clothes. Will that be a reciprocal arrangement giving you a US outlet?
AH: What we’re doing is stocking those ENC books which are written by UK authors because ENC otherwise have no outlets in the UK and the postage costs from the States for UK buyers could be considered prohibitive. This arrangement has arisen due to commonsense, especially since ENC published my own novel, Moon Beaver, earlier this month and obviously I’m interested in promoting it here in the UK as much as I am able. I’m also interested in ENC as their catalogue contains some especially inventive fiction, and this one-off arrangement might be expanded in the future on a reciprocal basis, but I’m unable to speculate at the moment as to how that might develop.
AH: The single-author collections this year will continue with Allen Ashley and Steve Savile. Allen is a prolific writer with a proven track record in the independent press both with his short stories and his regular Dodo column in The Third Alternative. Steve Savile’s collection will be loosely themed around angels and will feature some beautiful artwork by Robert Sammelin. In mentioning artwork I’m also pleased to be able to use a cover design by Mark Mothersbaugh – previously the lead singer in DEVO – for our February 2005 collection, Visits to the Flea Circus, by Alsiso contributor Nick Jackson. It’s a striking image which fits perfectly with the thematic threads in the book. There are also other writers lined up for the future, although I’ll keep those under wraps for the moment, save to say that I’m very excited about the way in which Elastic Press is developing.
Most if not all of you will be familiar with the work of Jules Verne and H.G. Wells. In between the eras of these greater writers, however, France produced another science fiction writer of note. His name was Albert Robida, and Wesleyan University Press has just produced a fine new edition of his most famous work, The Twentieth Century.
It is perhaps inevitable that a re-issue of a venerable work of SF will cause people to focus on the predictive power of the book. Both Verne and Wells have solid reputations as foreseers of the future. Robida too manages some impressive prescience. His book, published in 1882, contains references to women’s liberation, commuting to work by train, television, home shopping and videophones. In his introduction the translator, Philippe Willems makes much of Robida’s predictive powers. But the more I read of the book the more I came to the conclusion that Willems had mis-understood it completely. Phil Dick managed to successfully predict the future by giving free rein to his most paranoid imaginings. Robida, in contrast, produced what he probably thought was an absurdist satire on how the future might be if all of the daftest modern ideas of his time came to fruition. Of course he, like Dick, was proved absolutely right.
"Yes," the journalist confirmed. "This is an ad-novel. Surely you understand that telephonic journals cannot carry the same type of advertisements as typographic newspapers do. Subscribers wouldn’t listen to them. Another way of placing advertising had to be found, and this was born the ad-novel. Listen…
"Stretching back in her recliner (from The Furniture Bazaar, Boulevard du Châtillion), the unfortunate Valentine, wearing an exquisitely cut chiffon dressing gown fashioned by the great designer Philibert, was cruelly suffering from acute rheumatism. Doctor Baldy, the renowned physician favored by all women of taste (945 Rue Atala), had prescribed the excellent Godot mustard plaster as well as an assortment of the best medicines: Flageois tablets, which protect against…"
The clues are not hard to spot. Robida’s main source of income was as the editor of the weekly satirical magazine, La Caricature, which sounds like a French version of Punch. He is a brilliant cartoonist and the book is peppered with many amusing illustrations of the daft situations his characters find themselves in. There is even a back cover blurb from Brian Aldiss that compliments the book on reaching "heights of glorious absurdity." But somehow Willems (and at least one review I have seen) insist on treating it as serious, predictive SF (if lacking the scientific rigor of Verne). Predictive it may be, but serious it most certainly is not.
Which is not to say that Robida doesn’t have his pulse on the finger of society. As a magazine editor he is well aware of the shortening attention span of the general public. In the book he explains how classic plays have had to be adapted for the modern audience by adding "highlights", short skits involving dancers and circus performers. He even proposes something called "Condensed Literature" in which classic novels are reduced to a few pages to make them easier to read. Some clever person got The Iliad down to only four lines. We’d laugh, if we weren’t familiar with Disney and Hollywood.
The heroine of the book is Hélène Colobry, an orphan who has been raised by the rich banker, M. Ponto. Unlike Ponto’s daughters, who take to the banking business like fish to water, Hélène has difficulty settling on a career. She is, after all, a blonde, and possessed of all of the traditional characteristics of that species: very pretty, completely impractical, and largely devoid of brains. Poor M. Ponto tries everything, thereby giving Robida the chance to satirize a number of different professions.
The great triumph of modern ideas triggered a whole series of reforms and improvements in prison administration. The penal system had to reflect the new social mores, philanthropists and thinkers all agreed on that. First of all, the words "incarceration" and "prison" were no longer used, as they had become prejudicial to human dignity. They were replaced with the more euphemistic terms "retirement" and "retirement home."
Hélène should have made a good lawyer. Pretty women who could cry convincingly in court were in great demand as defense lawyers. But having successfully defended a vicious murderer who killed his aged aunt in cold blood Hélène sickens of the profession and moves on.
She might also have made a good gossip columnist, being sufficiently vacuous for that sort of work. Unfortunately the requirement for journalists to fight duels with anyone whom they have offended in their articles soon put paid to that career. Banking is, of course, a complete disaster, because Hélène can’t manage simple arithmetic. Perhaps there is nothing for it but politics.
"This was one of the most important victories of 1789, my child. Before the Great Revolution, this opportunity did not exist. People lacking talent for any art, science, or occupation would be left to their own devices. Nowadays, however, good ol’ politics is here, stretching out her arms to those unable to succeed at anything else!"
Hélène, of course, is hopeless. She can never remember which side she is supposed to be arguing for. But introducing politics does allow Robida to take a few pot shots at his country’s traditions. In his vision of 20th Century France there is a 3-month public holiday held once a decade. The purpose of this is to hold a revolution. A carefully stage-managed revolution that will replace the tired, old government with an enthusiastic new one. A replica Bastille is built so that it can be stormed. A great exposition is held to show off the best examples of the barricade building industry (a field in which France leads the world). And of course everyone gets to march through the streets bearing large banners.
In the end there is nothing for it but to marry Hélène off. So much for women’s emancipation. But her world tour honeymoon allows Robida to aim his sights further afield. Italy, for example, has been an economic basket case for decades. The Italians just can’t seem to manage anything. Thankfully the country has now been purchased by a consortium of French businessmen, headed by M. Ponto. Three quarters of the Italian population has been shipped off to Uruguay, and the remainder is employed in the world’s largest theme park. Every attraction is on offer: fabulous mountain scenery in the north, unparalleled history and culture in the middle, and adventure holidays beset by bandits in Sicily. And, most importantly from a French point of view, the Italians are finally being taught to cook properly. Oh dear…
Even Robida, however, does not have the courage to let fly at the Germans. He simply contains their expansionist desires by having them emigrate en masse to North America where they take over much of the continent, stopping only at the Rockies where they encounter the Chinese coming in the opposite direction. Russia, sadly, is no more. It was completely destroyed by enormous bombs planted by the Nihilist Party, which wiped out all of the major cities. This, however, is mild compared to the fate that Robida reserves for the British. With the government having all decamped to India where the weather is better, the poor British were not well enough organized to resist invasion, and consequently fell victim to the blandishments of Mormon missionaries. Britain is now a fundamentalist Mormon republic in which being a bachelor is illegal and voting rights are dependent on how many wives you have.
I think you have got the idea by now. The Twentieth Century is a marvelous piece of satire and perhaps even more amusing now than when it was written because so many of the awful things that Robida wrote about have come true. I suspect that the poor man would have been quite appalled to discover just how prescient he had been. But we can enjoy his foresight (and his fine cartoons) all the same.
Probably the most important thing to say about Brian Attebery’s book, Decoding Gender in Science Fiction, is that you don’t have to worry about it being written by an academic. Attebery’s style is light, eminently readable, and often humorous. There are times when he falls into the traditional academic pattern of belaboring the point, but it is important for an academic to prove that he (in this case) is making a valid, general point and not arguing from an isolated instance. Other than that, this is a book that you can sit down and read from cover to cover without having to try to puzzle out what the author means. For an academic book, this is a very good start indeed.
Attebery also starts interestingly in that he compares science fiction and gender as both things that deal with signs and re-interpretation. Much of what passes for gender (as opposed to chromosomal sex) in human society is culturally determined and can change with different viewpoints. Much of science fiction is precisely about looking for different viewpoints. This makes SF an ideal vehicle for analyzing gender issues.
I like to think in terms of signs because decades of reading SF have given me the habit of looking at my fellow humans as interestingly weird creatures, alien beings. The first thing to do when confronting a dangerous alien is to figure out what it means by beeping or waggling its antennae.
Of course this is not a book for those people who believe in that mythical chimaera, Author Intent. If you are one of those people who believes that a book can be read in one way, and one way only, then you should not go anywhere near Attebery’s book because it will likely give you heart failure.
Having now summarized the same story four times, with four radically different results, I can only conclude that there is no such thing as a simple plot summary. The very thing literature teachers tell students to avoid, as distracting from real critical work and a waste of the reader’s time, may actually be the heart of critical interpretation. Every act of retelling is also an act of translation that reveals which codes the story invites or allows us to apply in order to generate meanings.
This might seem unnecessarily flexible, but it is absolutely essential in trying to understand how works written by one species of animal (white human males) can be understood in a completely different way by a species utterly alien to the writers (white human females).
Most of the book is essentially a history of SF seen through the filtering glasses of gender-based interpretation. Attebery starts back with the Gothic novel and Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein, and moves slowly but surely up through the pulps to the origins of feminist SF and beyond. Some of it will be familiar to students of the genre (yes, there is yet more discussion of the influence that John W. Campbell had on the works of the writers he published), but plenty of it is fresh and interesting.
For example, early on Attebery makes the interesting observation that the primary sexual organ in pulp SF is the eye. Male characters are always described in terms of their overpowering, penetrating gaze; female characters bat their eyelashes and demurely look away. The innate assumptions of the writers are all there, if only you have eyes to see.
What is a woman; what is true womanhood; what do women want? Until quite recently, men would not have thought of asking women to answer these questions any more than one would have asked a cat to define cathood.
One of the more interesting chapters, as far as I was concerned, was the one on supermen and the slan myth (i.e. the idea that overweight, underwashed, style-challenged and socially-inept single males are in fact superhuman , the next evolutionary step for mankind, because they happen to know a lot about science). This relates back to the posts I’ve put in my blog about Joan Roughgarden’s book, Evolution’s Rainbow: Diversity, Gender, and Sexuality in Nature and People. Attebery has this to say about Darwin.
In The Descent of Man, Darwin emphasized sexual selection as a primary form of evolutionary pressure. He observed that while some characteristics seemed to be passed on equally to all offspring, others only show up in one sex or the other. In his account of sexual difference, though, the characteristics that count the most are those associated with maleness, for he saw sexual selection as operating primarily to distinguish among male candidates for reproduction.
Sadly whether Darwin actually meant this is now largely irrelevant. As Attebery notes, the goal-directed explanation of evolution popularized by Herbert Spencer has largely replaced Darwin’s essentially random process in the popular imagination, and very specifically in science fiction. There has been no end of SF stories published that talk about the progress of evolution, and vast numbers of them have assumed that the white male geek is the forerunner of homo superior. SF as wish fulfillment. Who needs Charles Atlas when you have a C compiler? Oh dear.
In any work like this there is inevitably a question of scope. There is far more to talk about than would reasonably fit into a readable book. One might be left wondering, for example, why a book such as Sheri Tepper’s The Gate to Women’s Country merited only one sentence of coverage. David Brin will want to know why his Glory Season wasn’t mentioned at all. Or indeed why the whole scientific basis of women-only societies (i.e. how do you get kids with no men) is not discussed. Other readers will wonder why Attebery spends a whole chapter talking about androgeny but barely mentions works that deal with the idea of characters who change gender. The author cannot win here. In writing a book like this you can only please all of the people some of the time.
But the things that will probably strike you most on getting to the end of this wide-ranging and well-informed study of gender in SF are that it hasn’t actually said anything about what gender is or come to any conclusions other than that SF is a convenient tool for examining the alien. I have been scratching my head to try to work out why this is so.
There is a movement in American gender politics that holds that gender is nothing but signs, that it is something that you can take on and off with your clothes. This is very useful for freaking out conservatives, but doesn’t bear much relation to reality. I don’t think that Attebery subscribes to this theory. In his discussion of androgeny he points out that most writers who try to create androgyne characters fail. Because of the way gender is perceived, they either end up with male androgynes (generally presented as men with something taken away) or female androgynes (women with something added). Gender blending isn’t easy.
Another possible reason is that Attebery simply doesn’t want to stick his neck out too far. He says right at the beginning that, "SF is not usually very successful when it tries to predict solutions to particular problems, but it is very good at playing insightfully with social issues." Given that he knows his work is likely to be critiqued by academics of every stripe from religious fundamenalist conservatives to radical separatist feminists, Attebery may well have felt it safer just to watch SF at play than to suggest that it has actually created or discovered anything. If the result is a book that faithfully describes the tail, skin, ears, tusks and trunk of an elephant without giving you any idea of what an elephant actually is, well so be it.
But I don’t want to be too harsh. It is very brave for a male academic to even consider writing such a book, let alone making it controversial. And not that it won’t be anyway. The weakest part of the book is the section at the end where Attebery takes issues with some of the criticism leveled at The Norton Book of Science Fiction, a work that he co-edited with Ursula Le Guin and Karen Joy Fowler. Really, one should not bother to read the nonsense written in Amazon reviews, let alone take it to heart. But it does go to prove the point that in the ongoing war of ideas that is contemporary America even the most bland and reasonable argument is likely to come under vicious attack from fundamentalists of one stripe or another. There is no middle ground any more.
One of the other things that stands out about the book is its lack of outrage. When Attebery comes across yet another example of gross male chauvinism in action he is much more likely to express gentle ridicule, and point mocking fingers at the homosexual undertones in the text. Women writers are much more likely to react with anger. Whatever the book’s faults, and bearing in mind that it is going to be viciously attacked by partisans of all sides anyway, it is rather refreshing to have such a mild-mannered and laid back survey of the field.
I often awarded my Aleutians quirks of taste and opinion belonging to one uniquely different middle-aged, middle-class, leftish Englishwoman. And I was entertained to find them hailed by US critics as ‘the most convincingly alien beings to grace science fiction in years.’
David Mitchell is one of the young lions of the British literary scene. It is official. Granta says so. His first novel, Ghostwritten, which I reviewed in issue #95, was all about the unreality of fiction. The second, number9dream, which I have shamefully missed out on, was short-listed for the Booker Prize. His latest novel, Cloud Atlas, is hotly tipped to better its predecessor and carry off a trophy. About all that is likely to stand in its way is that it is a science fiction novel.
As with Ghostwritten (and doubtless number9dream as well) Cloud Atlas sees Mitchell obsessed with structure. The novel is a collection of Russian dolls, one story inside the other, vaguely linked by a theme of a comet-shaped birthmark and a collection of artistic works of varying quality. The significance of this is not obvious for some time, but it does work and eventually Mitchell rubs our noses in it just to make sure that no one missed the message. Thankfully this doesn’t spoil the book.
The outermost doll is the Pacific Journal of Adam Ewing, a San Francisco lawyer who has had to journey to Australia to sort some complex inheritance. It is a 19th Century tale, full of roguish seamen, pompous missionaries, and maltreated natives. It owes much to the work of Herman Melville. Ewing, it seems, is one of the few moral, upstanding and god-fearing men in the whole of the Pacific. The antics of his fellow "civilized" humans give him cause for concern as to the future of his race.
"The merciful ploughman shoots a trusty horse grown too old for service. As philanthropists, might it not be our duty to likewise ameliorate the savages’ sufferings by hastening their extinction? Think on your Red Indians, Adam, think on the treaties you abrogate & renege on, time & time & time again. More human, surely, & more honest, just to knock the savages on the head & get it over with."
Ewing’s journal was eventually published by his son, Jackson, and a copy of it found its way into the library of Vyvyan Ayrs, a British composer living in Belgium just after the First World War. Ayrs is dying slowly of syphilis, and can no longer compose, until he is visited by one Robert Frobisher, a venal and selfish young rake with a talent for music who hopes to pay off his substantial debts and redeem his reputation by helping the old man make music once again. Naturally Frobisher soon takes to sleeping with Ayrs’ wife and stealing rare books from his library for sale. But he also finds his own muse and composes his one work of genius, the Cloud Atlas Sextet.
Several dead bottles of Trappist beer later, I asked Elgar about the Pomp & Circumstance Marches. ‘Oh, I needed the money, dear boy. But don’t tell anyone. The King might want my baronetcy back’.
Frobisher’s masterpiece was perhaps a favorite of the crime writer, Hilary V. Hush, for reference is made to it in the novel, Half Lives: The First Luisa Rey Mystery. Hush also uses the character of Rufus Sixsmith, the talented physicist and forger whom Frobisher relies upon to fence the stolen books. Sixsmith and Frobisher were lovers at Cambridge, but in Hush’s novel Frobisher is now a world-renowned expert on atomic power stations. It is 1975, and Seaboard Power is about to build a new type of reactor near the city of Buenas Yerba, a California location supposedly half way between Los Angeles and San Francisco. Sixsmith knows that the reactor design is dangerously flawed. He also suspects that Seaboard’s management will do anything to stop the truth getting out. His only hope is a young investigative journalist by the name of Luisa Rey.
The Ghost of Sir Felix Finch whines, ‘But it’s been done a hundred times before!’ – as if there could be anything not done a hundred thousand times between Aristophanes and Andrew Void-Webber! As if Art is the What, not the How!
Presumably unable to sell a somewhat hackneyed and blood-spattered thriller set in 1970s California in any other way, Hush sent it to the legendary British vanity publisher, Timothy Cavendish. (Yes, him – those of you who read Ghostwritten can surely not have forgotten him.) Cavendish is a fatuous oaf of monumental proportions (though by no means short of the odd deeply penetrating comment or two, as the above quote shows). By some miracle his publishing business has fallen on good times, but only as a result of becoming involved with some rather unpleasant Irish hoodlums. Our Tim is in big trouble, and as brother Denholme was ruined by the events of Ghostwritten there seems little he can do to save his neck. Of course miracles may happen, but before they do Timbo must reach into the depths of his soul to survive a terrifying incarceration in that most hideous of hell-holes, a rest home for the elderly.
The library refused many requests, of course, but I succeeded with two Optimists translated from Late English, Orwell and Huxley.
By circumstances too absurd to happen to anyone other than Timothy Cavendish, the awful experiences of those days were made into a successful movie. Well, successful in that it survived the years and various cultural purges and thus a digital copy is still available to seditious revolutionaries in a future vision of Korea, now called Nea So Copros. This brave new world is the business world run riot. It is corporate feudalism, a Republican Party wet dream with one vast commercial monopoly representing each industry. Cars are now "fords", computers are "sonys", coffee is "starbuck", and for obvious legal reasons McDonald’s is "Papa Song’s".
Biddable low-level workers are hard to come by, so Papa Song’s employs mainly "fabricants", clone-workers who are genetically engineered for pleasantness and servitude, and who will expire in 48 hours if not fed a regular diet of "Soap"*, a formulation that also neatly erases their memories of the past day. Our heroic seditious revolutionaries, an organization known only as Union, plan to quite literally raise the consciousness of the working classes by unlocking the power of their human brains. Their test subject, Sonmi-451, proves voraciously intelligent, though for some reason she takes quite a shine to old Timbo. Doubtless the movie portrayed him in a rather flattering light. Sentenced to death for sedition, Sonmi records her memoirs for posterity.
* Etymologists suspect that the term "Soap" is a contraction of a late 20th Century term used to describe a form of escapist entertainment.
Sonmi was a human like you’n me? I’d never thinked so nor’d Abbess ever speaked such loonsomeness, nay. Sonmi’d been birthed by a god o’Smart named Darwin, that’s what we b’liefed.
By the time of the 6th doll, Korea and its corporate culture, which Sonmi-451’s writings helped to destroy, are nothing but a memory. In Hawaii, one of the last outposts of human civilization, Sonmi is worshipped as a goddess by tribesmen whose claims to technological sophistication rest on knowledge of weaving and bee keeping. Yet even they are threatened by their neighbors, the warlike Kona. Only one part of the world still possesses what our narrator, Zachry, calls Old’un Smart. The mysterious isle of Prescience harbors a race of dark-skinned people with fantastic powers and a vast white ship that crosses the ocean without the aid of sails. When a Prescient woman called Meronym asks to live on Big Island with Zachry’s tribe for a year to study them, only trouble can follow. Sonmi might guard the islanders, but her enemy, the evil spirit known only as Old Georgie (I wonder where Mitchell got that name from) is plotting their downfall.
You will notice that we have returned to the Pacific, and to primitive Polynesian islanders. And we have met a character whose name literally means a connection. This is no accident. Cloud Atlas is a book about the way that we shape the past through our histories, and the future through our actions.
Mitchell cleverly has Meronym refer to Buenas Yerba as one of the great cities from before the Fall. But is that because her story is a fiction, or because she has read one of Hilary Hush’s novels? The past is malleable.
All of the leading characters, even the odious Frobisher and the incompetent Cavendish, achieve something during our sojourn with them. And by achieving something they change the future, no matter in how small a manner. Frobisher’s Cloud Atlas Sextet is a work for six inter-twined solo instruments. Six individuals, going their own way, and combining to create something awesome and beautiful. Six raindrops, working together to form a puddle.
There are things that I can point to in Cloud Atlas that might cause me to mark it down, were I a Booker Prize judge. To start with some of Mitchell’s politics seems rather naïve and simplistic. He seems to think that Nea So Copros is the ultimate triumph of market economics, whereas in fact it is its absolute negation. Then there is his research. He’s spot on to suspect that the inhabitants of Buenas Yerba would be fascinated by a Giants-Dodgers baseball game, but his vision of the American electricity system is rooted firmly in UK experience. Everything from the power station names to the use of the term "national grid" screams "wrong" to anyone who knows the business. He even uses the name of a British company for his bad guys (and in defense of my friends at Seeboard I’d like to note that they don’t own any nukes and that one of their directors is a leading light of Ofgem’s campaign against fuel poverty). Then there’s the train sequence: if Tim Cavendish really wanted to go from Kings Cross to Hull, surely he would have taken the main line up through Hertfordshire, not the rural line through Essex and Cambridgeshire.
Still, these are minor niggles. What is much more likely to cost Mitchell his Booker Prize is if any of the judges read Emerald City, because I am just about to blow his cover. You see, Cloud Atlas is not just a book about the future, it is not just a book containing themes such as clone slavery and the apocalyptic fall of civilization. It is a book written by a science fiction fan. OK, so maybe Mitchell can get away with having Tim Cavendish go around muttering "Soylent Green is people." He might have got that from the movie. But later in the book Mitchell comes back to Harry Harrison’s themes with a vengeance. It is probably unlikely that Booker Prize judges will wonder whether it is an accident that Sonmi’s clone number is 451. And they probably won’t have a clue why Mitchell wrote this.
The immense lunar projector on far-off Fuji beamed AdV after AdV on to the moon’s face; tomatoes big as babies; creamy cauliflower cubes; holeless lotus roots; speech bubbles ballooned from the Seed-Corp Logoman’s juicy mouth.
Descending, the elderly taxi driver spoke of his boyhood in a distant conurb called Mumbai, now flooded, when the moon was always naked. Hae-Joo said an AdVless moon would freak him out.
Oh, but we know. We know which piece of classic SF Mitchell has been reading. And we know that means he is one of us. So go buy his book, OK? It is, after all, a wonderful piece of writing. And if he does get that Booker Prize nomination, we can all cheer him on.
It is, of course, impossible to read everything that is published in SF&F these days, but I do try to take account of what other people are saying is good, and if, last month, I had compiled a league table of writers I am unfamiliar with but who are getting rave reviews elsewhere then I have little doubt that the name at the top of the list would be Avram Davidson. So, spotting one of his collections going cheap at Eastercon, I decided to give him a try.
Davidson is primarily (I think possibly solely) a short fiction writer, which probably accounts for his high degree of critical acclaim and poor visibility otherwise. The Other Nineteenth Century is a collection of stories set in that particular era, or perhaps rather an imagined version thereof. There is a variety of tales here. Some are genuine alternate history pieces, such as the first tale, "O Brave Old World", which has the British monarchy moving to North America. Another story uses Sherlock Holmes as a character, while yet another is a rather clever Lovecraft pastiche that manages to include many of the traditional elements and atmosphere of a Lovecraft story whilst entirely avoiding his dreadful prose style.
The thing that struck me most on starting The Other Nineteenth Century was that here was a writer of immense talent. Davidson’s prose is elegant and effortless. My next reaction was that he is clearly a man who enjoys clever tricks and minute observation. Some of the stories, for example, use historical characters but give them different names. It is part of Davidson’s game with the reader to have them guess which famous people he is talking about by their behavior and relationships to each other.
In the end, however, my overall reaction was "why?" There was an incredible amount of skill deployed in writing the stories, but nothing that I could take away from them other than that cleverness.
One of the things I was hoping to see at Eastercon was the promised new fiction magazine from PS Publishing, Postscripts. In the event it didn’t make it out in time. The delay is primarily due to getting all of the contributing authors to sign the 150 hardcover edition copies. The last I heard from Peter Crowther was that he hopes everyone will have their copies by the end of May, which is not far off. In the meantime, however, he was kind enough to send me a PDF to peruse.
So what have we got? To start with the magazine is large. There are over 150 pages of it. Obviously that is offset by it being digest size, so it doesn’t get as many words on a page as, say, Interzone, but it is still impressive. There are thirteen stories, including contributions from Gene Wolfe, Brian Aldiss and Ramsay Campbell. There is a poem by Ray Bradbury, and there are three non-fiction pieces, including the introduction by Christopher Fowler which is essentially his Guest of Honor speech from last year’s FantasyCon. I had really wanted that speech for Emerald City #100, because it fitted right in with the theme, but I guess I should be pleased that Fowler got paid for it.
I haven’t managed to read all of the fiction yet, and I’m not sure that I will. One of the potential issues with Postscripts is that it covers four genres: SF, Fantasy, Horror and Crime. That’s an interesting approach, but it will be interesting to see how it stacks up as a marketing plan against Andy Cox’s stable of genre-specific magazines. There wasn’t any stand-out material in the stories I read, but I want to make special mention of Jay Lake’s story, "The Rose Egg". Lake has a wonderful imagination – I can’t think of many people who are likely to produce a story that is about technological advances in graffiti production.
The non-fiction includes an excellent interview with Jim Blaylock by John Berlyne. Way too many interviews with SF authors ask dull and predictable questions. Berlyne obviously knows Blalock’s work well and was able to draw the author out. The other non-fiction piece is by Mike Ashley and is about SF&F magazines. I was mildly stunned to find that Ashley could count 110 different semi-prozines that have appeared in the field at one time or another. That rather gives the lie to the claim that Locus always wins the Hugo because it has no serious competition. I suspect that we are back with Lazy Voter Syndrome as an explanation again.
Anyway, copies should be hitting the newsstands and mailboxes in the UK pretty much the same time as you get this. Mail order subscriptions to the US are $50 for four issues, including postage. You can get more information here.
The Noreascon 4 web site now has links to online version of all of the Hugo nominated short fiction pieces. You can find the full list here.
Well, not quite, but a Potter novel is on the short list for this year’s Prometheus Award. The full short list is: Naked Empire, by Terry Goodkind (Tor Books); The Pixel Eye, by Paul Levinson (Tor Books); Spin State, by Chris Moriarty (Bantam Books); Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, by J.K. Rowling (Scholastic Press); Sims, by F. Paul Wilson (Forge Books).
I’ve only read one of those, Spin State, but that book does contain some interesting speculation on AI rights. I guess it might be somewhat embarrassing to get an award for supposedly writing Libertarian fiction, but given that Ken MacLeod is a former Prometheus winner at least you’d be in very good company.
Sir Arthur C. Clarke has become this year’s recipient of the Heinlein Society's Robert A. Heinlein Award, given for "outstanding published work in hard science fiction or technical writings inspiring the human exploration of space." The award ceremony will take place at the Society's annual dinner on the Friday night of Worldcon (immediately after the Retro Hugo ceremony). Sir Arthur is, as usual these days, unable to travel, but he has promised to try to get a live video link from Sri Lanka so that he can make an acceptance speech.
Next issue I will have a review of China Miéville’s new novel, Iron Council. I’ve been dipping into it off and on when I should have been reading books for this issue, and so far it looks very good indeed.
Also on the schedule are a Wiscon report, fiction from Charlie Stross, Sean Stewart, Lucius Shepard and John Crowley, and assuming we can find time to get together during Wiscon there will be an interview with Kelly Link and Gavin Grant of Small Beer Press.
Time is up for the Rock �n� Roll Reich. Gwyneth Jones has got to book five in the series (titled Rainbow Bridge). The end is not just nigh, it is a mere 360 pages or so away. Can peace, love and understanding save the world? Will Ax, Sage and Fiorinda find a way to guide the planet, or at least England, into some sort of sustainable future? Or are they just a bunch of dilettante rock stars playing at politics on a stage much too big for them?
You have to admit that things don�t look good. At the end of Band of Gypsys, England was invaded by the Chinese. Gosh, yes, we�d forgotten about them. While most of the Western world was busy falling into economic and environmental chaos, closely followed by social collapse, they had experienced a few problems too. But being Chinese they had dealt with them and survived. OK, so it meant the loss of a few million citizens. There were plenty more where they came from. And now they are back on their feet again. They have nanotechnology. They are efficient and organized. Only one thing scares them: that pernicious Western technology called neuroscience (or "magic" by the ignorant masses). The one thing that could threaten Chinese world domination is the neurobomb. Fortunately the only people capable of creating one are genetic freaks, so all you have to do is seek them out and kill them.
Yes, it is another Fiorinda in peril story. It gets a little tiresome after a while. But then how can she be anything else. Fiorinda can�t help her parentage, or her powers, and if she uses them to defend herself then she�s just as bad as her father, right?
Fortunately the Chinese are not quite sure who can do what. The danger could easily come from Sage and his Zen Self technology. He, after all, is the master of immix, the neurological immersion technology on which his band�s success is, at least in part, based. Or indeed the Triumvirate might just be telling the truth. They could just be a bunch of dilettante rock stars.
Then again, what are the real motives of the Chinese conquerors? Do they really want to save the world from the evils America almost unleashed? Or are they really after their own neurobomber? Their own secret weapon. If Ax is going to deal with them, he needs to know.
So much for the set-up, but five volumes in what I suspect you readers really want to know is not what I think of this book, but what I think of the series as a whole. That�s hard. Gwyneth Jones is, after all, not exactly the easiest writer to understand, even when she�s mostly trying to be accessible as she is here. There will be academic essays written about this series. Perhaps even entire theses. And I�ve only had the chance to read the darn thing once. So what you are getting is a bunch of impressions.
Politics: for all of the starry-eyed optimism and radicalism of Dissolution Summer, Jones finally comes down firmly on the side of Realpolitik. Pragmatism is the name of the game. The old world was dying, and needed to be helped on its way. The new one will be formed through ruthlessness and compromise just the same. I opened this review by misquoting Frank Sinatra because one verse of "My Way" is very appropriate for Ax. By this time he has a whole bundle of regrets � far too many to mention. But mostly he has done what he had to do, and seen it through. That�s what successful leaders do.
Characters: As with any large series, there are lots of them. George Martin gets away with it by making sure that each of the major characters gets a storyline to themselves. They have whole chapters told from their viewpoint. The downside of this is a series of truly massive books. Jones spares us that, but as a result there are people I still feel I don�t know. Rob Nelson and the Powerbabes? Chip and Verlaine? The Heads? I felt that I needed a dramatis personae.
Fanatics: Jones is only too aware how stupid and vicious human beings can get when in the grip of political or religious fanaticism. Even the most benign-sounding concepts can turn nasty. Here are some refugees telling Ax how they had lost their children.
More fanatics: Extreme right wing utopians with a fascination for John Ruskin and Tolkien? Yeah, I can believe it.
Truthiness: The Chinese run their empire largely through ruthless control of information, through controlling what people believe. There is no magic. There never was a neurobomb. It is true, I heard it on TV.
"When China imposed control over the internet, at the birth of this century, we were reviled as barbarians. I think you�ll agree that events have proved we were simply ahead of the game. We were the first to understand that the media of the information age could be used as an impenetrable screen, on which any kind of picture could be projected."
Research: Jones has kept up on the current state of Somerset cricket, and knows how to spell Bridgwater. I�m impressed. (Compare Vernor Vinge�s faux pas over soccer, or Neal Stephenson�s strange version of the Monmouth Rebellion.) Also, if you are going to write about China, Jonathan Clements is an invaluable resource.
Science Fiction: If there is one single thing you can say abut the entire series, it is that it is a message of hope. No matter how messed up the world might be, while we have technology we still have a chance. Hugo Gernsback would be proud of Jones.
Gender: I still worry about Jones� attitude to the transgendered. There are echoes of 1970�s feminism scattered here and there.
Invisible wind turbines? Nah! Then they really would be a danger to birds. No one would be taken in by that.
Rock �n� Roll: It is meta-story, people. OK, so if you don�t like music (or even just not as well listened as Jones) then things can go over your head. The same is true of movie references in a Kim Newman book. Of course if you despise rock stars then you are reading the wrong books. But think of what you can do. You have this scene to write about a complex relationship issue. You can spend a lot of time having the girl agonize over her problems, or you can use shorthand. One quick mention of a midnight train to Georgia and the job is done. Thank you Gladys. Easy.
Overall, a fascinating series. If you are allergic to rock music, or can�t fathom British culture, then you�ll have a problem. If you don�t like having to work a bit to follow the story you�ll get very annoyed. But if you enjoy intelligent, well written, thought-provoking books that address the state of the modern world, viewed through a science-fictional lens, you can�t ask for much better than Gwyneth Jones.
We all hear about the cryptocurrencies every now and then. Bitcoin is one of the most popular cryptocurrencies known for its easy and secure transactions. It has many features that make it one of the most desirable currencies that people would like to own. But what are the different ways one can trade the Bitcoins?
1) Buy: We can own Bitcoin by buying it from a cryptocurrency broker that owns the actual currency in Crypto wallets or we can buy it from the exchange.
3) Buy a security: Traders can use an online stockbroker to hold a share of Bitcoin that is bought through a publicly registered bitcoin-related security.
You can buy the actual bitcoin and become a direct possessor of the digital asset. Once you purchase the bitcoin, the virtual currency will be sent to your cryptocurrency wallet that is your bitcoin account or address along with the exchange. You can use this bitcoin for anything you desire to. Bitcoin can be used at various places to buy goods and services. You can transfer the Bitcoin to any other bitcoin wallet with the help of your private key that is used to verify the possession of the asset.
Owning Bitcoin comes with some responsibilities like safeguarding the private keys that verify the ownership of the asset. These keys are very important without which the coin holder will not be able to access any of his bitcoins. We will go through the pros and cons of owning the actual asset.
1) If you own the actual Bitcoin with its private key you have the total control over the underlying virtual asset.
2) You can choose to make use of these coins as per your preference without requiring any verification or clearance from any third party like banks.
3) The ownership of Bitcoins is anonymous and encryption makes it difficult to trace giving you the full control over it.
4) There are multiple ways you can use the Bitcoins as selling, convert or exchange or transfer it to someone in return for goods and services.
5) If you do not want to use the Bitcoins immediately you can keep them in cold storage wallets without any risk of theft.
1) Bitcoin comes with their own set of private keys and it is the coin holder’s responsibility to safeguard them. Without these keys, the coin holder will not be able to access the Bitcoin.
4) If you decide to store the private keys in the exchange you bought the Bitcoin at, there is a possibility of it to be hacked and can result in stealing your Bitcoins.
5) Not all third-party wallets are safe and can be prone to malware, phishing causing your Bitcoins to be stolen.
News channels, newspapers, prime time chats, magazines all of them are always talking about market performances and all kinds of terms also get thrown in endlessly as if it is all that the world is dependent on it.
The nexus between the share market and the individual and the collective psyche is so prominent that one cannot but help in concluding that it is quite dependent on each other. It is almost domino-like!
There is a co-relation between the amount of money that a consumer spends and the movement of the stocks that they hold in the market. Let me explain to you to bring the point home. In a bull market when the share market is doing excessively well, the consumers often tend to spend well on things that they would otherwise not consider buying. This is because in a market that is ‘up’ the general perception of the public is that they have become rich because the value of the stock that they are holding is also high.
On the contrary, when the markets are bearish, the consumers will pull themselves off from spending too much even on necessities leave alone luxuries because they tend to become cautious in a market where the value of the shares that they hold and generally also is low.
When the market is bullish, there is a rise in the value of the stocks of the various companies and the companies can capitalize on the rising stock as a currency. The best way to do this is to raise capital by issuing more shares to the general public thereby raising an issue to raise the capital in the company.
The company can even sell shares and stock to leverage and acquire other fledgling companies in order to avoid competition and to maintain a monopoly in the market.
The stock market is presumed to be the most valuable tool for understanding the health of the economy on the whole. When the market prices of the shares rise, the people start feeling wealthier making them confident to purchase because they feel that their purchasing power has gone up. An increased buying n the market sees more influx and subsequently with more revenue generated in the market more things are made or manufactured to cater the consumers. The nexus is un-missable.
Any investments based on the risk and return that the investor is able to take. This is used to analyze what kind of an investor he is. All the investors want to make the most of their investments however it is important that return is always balanced with risk. This is where doing a risk assessment becomes compulsory. The risk assessment lets the advisor know what investment is suitable for his client.
The risk assessment process helps to develop a risk profile for the client and they will be based on their risk-taking an appetite. This is used to decide on how the asset allocation will be done for an individual client and what kind of an investment strategy should be used to be appropriate to match the client’s risk-taking appetite and his capacity. This is important for financial planning and it is important that the risk assessment procedure is scientific.
When a client is a risk assessed his confidence in the system increases. This is because the investor knows now that the advisor is taking care to ensure that the investor’s risk and return profile is met. The advisor is not just guessing but making an informed decision and helping the client invest based on the client’s goals.
The risk assessment is also a way in which the client’s attitude to risk and his tolerance is analyzed to help him make better and informed decisions in the future. They understand the ways in which their risk rating is being measured and they use this knowledge to help them make future investment decisions.
The advisors play a very crucial role and doing a client risk assessment benefits them in many ways too.
The advisor will carry out a risk tolerance test and this will give him a detailed picture of the risk-taking the ability of his client. This will let him make suggestions and choose the appropriate investment tools and strategies. This will assist in the total process.
In case of any dispute in the future, the advisor will be able to produce the risk tolerance test that has been totally employed. This protects the advisor in case any unexpected event happens and affects the client’s investment.
Anyone with an innovative business idea is labeled as an entrepreneur. It does not matter what background he/she comes from. However for the business idea to be a successful venture, there are few things with respect to finances that an entrepreneur must take care of. Here is a list of do’s and don’ts for an entrepreneur when it comes to capital budgeting.
Learn the basics – You do not have to dig deep into subjects such as business, accounts, finance, and management. However, an understanding of the basics is essential to avoid loss. For example, you should be able to identify cash inflows from outflows and know the difference between profit and loss.
Allot sufficient funds for the fixed costs – Fixed costs tend to be generally high. Fixed costs include expenses incurred for renting out office spaces, staff salaries, loans, mortgage payments, basic infrastructure, furniture, and similar others. Therefore, in addition to sufficient allocation of funds, it is necessary to prioritize and plan your fixed costs to ensure they are kept as low as possible.
Calculate ROI for anything and everything – It is important to calculate the rate of investment (ROI) on every decision you make. Be it a fixed cost, variable cost, staff hiring, asset, or any other thing, calculating the ROI is important
Allocate individual budgets – Capital budgeting or capital allocation is a skill that every entrepreneur must attain. Forecasting or projecting future expenses and returns must be foreseen in order to make the right financial decisions.
Do not get ahead of yourself – Many entrepreneurs make the mistake of overestimating or overanalyzing the future revenues. Although it is a good trait for entrepreneurs to be optimistic, it is not a good thing to go overboard and make unrealistic assumptions, especially when it comes to finances. Therefore, budgeting, expense planning, and all investment decisions need to be realistic to avert losses. Additionally, you must plan for unexpected circumstances that can draw away your profits.
Never underestimate any cost – Another common mistake that new ventures commit is that they spend more than the planned budget, thereby increasing the company’s turnaround time and break-even period. Therefore, it is not sufficient that you plan the budget but it is equally important you adhere to it.
The other do’s & don’ts – Save up on the expenses, plan short-term & long-term, and do not get into the habit of too much borrowing. These are essential to keep the cash rolling and operate smoothly without any financial hiccups.
Although capital budgeting may not seem everyone’s cup of tea or as exciting as the business idea, it is necessary to get a hang of it in order to manage finances in the best possible manner.
Definitely, there occur a large number of transactions on a daily basis in the vast market of foreign exchanges. Some of them include
Spot transferring: This type of transaction requires an instant effect delivery and that too instantaneously at the spot itself. The settlement takes place for the spot rate and at the spot market.
Forward transferring: Everything is pre-fixed for a characteristic value in advancing future date by mutual consent. So it can be said that a contract delivery takes place at a forward market for the forward exchange rate. The point to be noted is each republic owns a set of principles for working with this type of transfer.
Other characteristic features include the OTC contracts, the payoff profiles of vendor and purchaser, credit understanding and so on.
About the future: A focus on a future contract indicates its dependence on standardized size and maturity dates. Margins are not at all a requirement for this. Only a particular security amount has to account for assuring the futures title.
An optional contract: This is a type of contract or financial device that transfers a holder right to get or give a specific asset quantity on basis of a pre-fixed future date and price.
An option associated with acquiring an asset is known to be as a call option and that requires a giving is referred as a put. These two process accounts for the exercising of the option.
Further, the specific price given or obtained is called as an exercise or striking price and the option price is called the premium. In addition to this, the buyer involved in the long and the seller is the short or writer of the option.
There exist options varieties like the one exercised only at the maturity period or at expiry and the second can be established at any period during the contract term.
Swap operation: Sometimes, the forward transferring business operated by commercial banks may switch to a swap to better adjust their forward financial position. The whole process involved in the sale and get off a spot currency is known to be the swaps or twin deals because the spot is switched against the forward.
Arbitrage: This includes the instantaneous process of purchasing and vending of external currencies with the profit motivation offered from its difference with existing exchange rate at the various markets at the same time.
Working capital is a necessity as it is a measure of the financial health of a business. A positive value indicates a stable business while a negative value denotes the opposite.
To survive during financially troubling times such as during a low sales period or to meet high market demands
To satisfy other business needs including hiring expert staff, expanding the business, relocating operations, and others.
Working capital loans or finances are flexible due to its interest rates and repayment terms, thus allows in fulfilling unexpected financial requirements.
Not all working capital loans require collateral. Thus, businesses can avail loans with or without depositing collateral, however, the interest rates in both cases are found to vary.
Availing a working capital loan is easy, fast, and simple, as the paperwork involved is minimal. Good credit scores and online application processes have increased the process further.
Working capital loans, unlike specific business loans, can be used to meet the business’ any short-term requirement and require no probe.
Availing a working capital loan is better and preferred to over investors investing in your business during a financial crunch because loans allow you to maintain ownership unlike outside investing where a part of your decision-making ownership is lost to the investor.
Know your eligibility criteria such as the loan amount and requirements based on the business you are involved in such as Sole Proprietorship, Private Limited, Public Limited, or a Partnership.
Know when to apply for a cash credit and an overdraft. Although these are used for short-term financial requirements, the features and terms & conditions vary.
Get an understanding of the different types of working capital loans that are available so that you can make use of the best one based on your need. For example, avail an export credit to meet your exporting requirements, a “buyers credit” or “letters of credit” to deliver goods on time, bank guarantees to protect your business against deferred or non-payments.
Know the criteria for loan assessment including sanction limits, the minimum number of active business years, annual turnover, sources of cash flow, and others.
Find out and determine whether the loan tenure, loan charges, and interest rates are attractive or not. Evaluate all parameters collectively to choose the best loan option.
Check if you need to provide collateral or not and if not enquire the difference in the interest rates that you need to repay.
If you have some funds that you can set aside every month for investment there are various deposits like recurring deposits. And then there is the option to invest in equities, currencies, and commodities. But if you suddenly have a large amount that you can invest then fixed deposits are perfect. There are so many such options when it comes to choosing an investment that suits your financial goals and spending patterns.
When we talk about mutual funds these are funds that are managed by the fund manager. So you would be able to make a deposit and allow the fund manager or the fund management company to invest them in the ideal locations. There are equity funds as well as non-equity funds available. Equity funds are invested in stocks. Non-equity funds are invested in debt-income securities or in gift funds. There are various non-equity funds available. Debt mutual funds are one of the most popular when it comes to non-equity funds.
The market volatility affects equity mutual funds. But debt funds are not impacted by it. There are various places where debt mutual funds are invested and all of them are stable bonds and securities.
Fixed deposits and other such long-term investments are often bound by some rigid terms. But the flexibility in debt mutual funds is what makes them favorable. You either choose to invest a bulk amount or you can invest smaller funds as and how your savings grow. For smaller sums or larger sums debt mutual funds are suitable for both.
If you choose debt mutual funds, in the long run, you would be able to save more on tax than with other similar deposits. The indexation benefit is what gives the debt mutual funds an edge over the others. Because for tenures more than a year the returns are often seen as capital gains for the long term. So there is a relatively lower tax deducted.
Besides all the above benefits there is also an inherent security attached to debt mutual funds due to the instruments in which the funds are invested. The market risks thus do not have a role to play in these funds as with conventional mutual funds.
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) has gained much acceptance in today’s business world. Although, critics invariably argue that investing in CSR activities may not be in accord with the company’s profits, a lot of resources and funds have been allocated by many industries to carry out research exclusively on CSR activities in order to improve the social welfare of an organization and its employees.
However, CSR goes much beyond than just contributing to an organization’s culture. Here are some viewpoints as to what insiders feel CSR is all about and how it affects a business overall.
CSR provides a dynamic foundation for a company’s competitive advantage to sustain the markets. Several entrepreneurs and managers have even considered that CSR is an excellent marketing tool that has the potential to build and sustain a competitive advantage for the company.
CSR activities are being viewed as a practical business strategy to improve the company’s position in the market. Through this, CSR activities have the capability to change the way in which ordinary businesses are being carried out from good to better to the best.
Moreover, CSR initiatives add immense value to the society as a whole. It contributes to the improvement of the social welfare, not just of the present condition but also for the future by creating sustainable and value-added benefits for all the stakeholders of the company, including its customers, suppliers, shareholders, investors, government, society, and others.
In addition, corporate social responsibility has the power to drive the social welfare of certain business organizations based on the strong obligation towards corporate & social governance, open communication & feedback from both the internal & external stakeholders of the organization, and a plan to attain environmental sustainability.
CSR business strategies may be applied to create a strong link between stakeholder expectations and company’s profits, as corporate social responsibility offers several benefits in terms of its measurement, evaluation, and estimation of a company’s profits.
CSR provides ground for not only a positive societal impact but also offers a very flexible strategy for increasing the financial status of the company by means of social investment.
Thus, the number of organizations getting involved in CSR initiatives has increased since the past. Further, companies these days are preparing CSR drives that are in line with the organizational objectives in order to prevent it from becoming a liability, in which customers have lost faith.
Based on the sketchy details of the lost colony of Roanoke. In 1587 John White led a group of almost 200 men, women, and children to the new world, specifically to what is now Roanoke, Virginia. The legend tells of White having to return to England for supplies, leaving behind his family including newly born granddaughter Virginia Dare. A task that should have brought him back the next spring instead was delayed over two years as war broke out between England and Spain, inhibiting any plans to return. Once White makes his return they find the town empty and forsaken. Despite searches and the mysterious clues left by the colonialists (including “the word “Croatoan” carved into a tree), no bodies are ever found. Several years later an acquaintance of White’s in England receives the final communication ever from the mysterious man; a sort of purging of the soul.
This historically based limited series follows that man’s search for the truth, a search which ends upon his death but is picked up almost 400 years later by his decedent, a feisty and determined College sophomore. Transport back and forth from the days of the colonialists, the missions that came before them and sealed their fate, and the 4 century search for truth; all along the way dogged by the eerie appearances of a ghostly child believed to be Virginia Dare.
2006: After a less then successful college term, Kate returns home to visit her grandmother who's time left on earth appears to be waning. Kate 's relations with her mother and brother are stretched to the breaking point.
1590: John White commissions some privateering ships to bring him and one other back to Roanoke to look for the last colony. However, the sea and the greed of the pirates conspire against a successful search.
Find quality Manufacturers, Suppliers, Exporters, Importers, Buyers, Wholesalers, Products and Trade Leads from our award winning International Trade Site. Import Export on alibaba.com
Buyer Community Trade Intelligence analysis Steel demand seen suffering until mid and many Chinese mills, bet on the growth story of the
We have seen a rapid drop in India's jewelry consumption in the first half so a similar story could be metals price, investment, analysis. Chinese mills in
Immediate Container, containerized fuel station containerized ice plant portable containerized feed mills containerized mobile weighing and Xrf Analysis
Typical Analysis: Carbon: 2.10%: Chromium: 11.50%: Manganese: 0 long term cooperation with most China famous mill to intergrate mills' product line then our
2016 Women Winter Coat, we will do sample analysis and production can be High efficient linkage of these mills can afford a completely controled
Sep 02, 2008A news reporter highlighted his story and put his picture in Fanny Mills of Ohio USA has the legs of the Extraordinary people facing challanges of the
offers 12,382 foot container products. waterproof shipping containers 20 foot Beirut 2 two story 20 foot shopping container houses ready made 2
Philosophy basics home general: a quick history of philosophy: what is philosophy western philosophy eastern philosophy african philosophy faq / contact search the site: philosophy map philosophy timeline famous quotes glossary philosophy books: by movement/school: ancient: aristotelianism atomism cynicism eleatic school. Philosophy definition is - all learning exclusive of technical precepts and practical arts how to use philosophy in a sentence all learning exclusive of technical precepts and practical arts the sciences and liberal arts exclusive of medicine, law, and theology. Along the way, central topics in philosophy of science, such as the demarcation of science from non-science, induction, confirmation and falsification, the relationship between theory and observation and relativism are all addressed.
Plato was an ancient greek philosopher born in athens in 427 bc he was the student of socrates and the teacher of aristotletogether these three philosophers are seen as the founders of western philosophy as practiced today. Understanding philosophy, understanding modernism series editor(s): laci mattison, paul ardoin, s e gontarski the aim of each volume in understanding philosophy, understanding modernism is to understand a philosophical thinker more fully through literary and cultural modernism and consequently to understand literary modernism better through a key philosophical figure. Philosophy (from greek other important applications can be found in epistemology, which aid in understanding the requisites for knowledge, sound evidence and justified belief (important in law, economics, decision theory and a number of other disciplines. If you are searched for a book by joan a price understanding philosophy (3 volume set) in pdf form, then you've come to loyal site we furnish the complete release of this ebook in pdf, epub, djvu, txt.
Philosophy is a way of thinking about the world, the universe, and society it works by asking very basic questions about the nature of human thought, the nature of the universe, and the connections between them philosophy helps people to understand the world and the way people act and think. Understanding is a psychological process related to an abstract or physical object, such as a person, situation, or message whereby one is able to think about it and use concepts to deal adequately with that object understanding is a relation between the knower and an object of understanding internet encyclopedia of philosophy. Philosophy of religion, discipline concerned with the philosophical appraisal of human religious attitudes and of the real or imaginary objects of those attitudes, god or the gods the philosophy of religion is an integral part of philosophy as such and embraces central issues regarding the nature and extent of human knowledge, the ultimate.
Understanding philosophy through jokes, by thomas cathcart and daniel klein (penguin, $12, amazoncom) the consolations of philosophy , by alain de botton (vintage, $15, amazoncom ) story of philosophy , by will durant (pocket, $8, amazoncom . Philosophy might seem daunting at first with a lot of fancy names and words attached to different things, but at the heart of it, philosophy is simply asking how we know things, why we know things, and what we know. Philosophy essential reading and resources for students and teachers of philosophy, a challenging study that tackles fundamental questions around existence, morality, knowledge, reason, and reality.
How to study philosophy as an amateur an enquiry concerning human understand, david hume difficulty level: medium extremely powerful and influential work of skepticism, hume introduces is is/ought gap and problem of induction hume was an especially great writer and clear thinker. Is philosophy just dressed-up mysticism, disconnected from scientific understanding many questions about the nature of reality cannot be properly pursued without contemporary physics. Choosing the appropriate methodology: understanding research philosophy abstract this paper introduces novice researchers to the differences in philosophical perspectives and the major research implications arising from them it is our contention that research should. A system of ontological categories drawn out in any of these modes has the potential for a great many uses in philosophy, but those who would offer such systems of categories also face a variety of difficulties although these are categories of the understanding,.
Understanding philosophy through jokes [thomas cathcart, daniel klein] on amazoncom free shipping on qualifying offers this new york times bestseller is the hilarious philosophy course everyone wishes they’d had in school outrageously funny.
Understanding pofs is a slog for those who are new to the subject it covers a lot of ground and will leave you without an answer - but that is normal for philosophy because the object of the exercise is to think unfortunately, hawking and rovelli did not help my confusion understanding philosophy of science is, very sensibly, split into.
Understanding philosophy of science ‘this is the best introduction to philosophy of science i have read i will certainly use it the writing is wonderfully clear without being sim. According to encyclopedias human beings are defined as organisms having human attributes which are the representatives of the sympathies of human nature this definition is not wrong, but it is not the only definition of human being according to my understanding, human beings are not differentiated. Understanding philosophy of religion for as and a2 (ocr) has an accompanying teacher support file containing much of the active learning and testing of knowledge and skills they contain discussion ideas, worksheets, revision tests and games as well as sample exam questions and mark schemes.
Very nice 4 bedroom, 3 bath Single Family Home on 13th Street. Large, open floor plan, lovely screened patio, 11X20 pool (Pool Heat is $200.00 additional if paid in advance $225 upon arrival). Double Master Suites!! 2 Kings, 1 Queen , 2 twins and pull out couch in the small living area (den). 4 TV’s, CD Player, Small Stereo and DVD Player. Full size washer & dryer. Gas grill. Comcast Hi Speed Internet Quick easy access to the ocean or bay. Water and electric at the dock, fish cleaning table and bait freezer. Very cozy home that is like new. This home is light, cheerful and VERY well decorated. The adjacent 4 bedroom home (MA572) is also available if you have a large group. Cabana Club membership and close to the new sunset beach and park. *$3000 all holidays and lobster weeks*** Rates/Fees Rental: From $2,800.00/week To $3,100.00/week Or From $10,000.00/month To $11,000.00/month Security: $500.00 Processing: $35.00 Cleaning: $225.00 Plus 12.5 % Tax
Thanks for your vote! It appears that Nima is carefully digitized for print, so the line doesn't lose it's spontaneity neither. Lesbian wrestling loser fked. Nevermind Spam Not porn Underage Other. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. Retrieved January 7, The named reference https: Snow Woman Lilith falls in love with a mortal man and the longer she goes without life forces, the weaker she gets.
Sporty lass uses her tits to fuck the Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Erotic manga girls. Retrieved June 11, Radiant doll with red hair uses her g Cover art for Tales from the Age of Cobra, Embed this video to your site with this code: Enter Hentai Video World.
Who do you put first: Retrieved June 17, Retrieved 23 October After that, their paths inevitably split apart, as Fernandez creates a piece which takes him where Skottie Young can never persue if he sticks with his current patron - and there's no doubt that he will, after he stated for Newsarama that he is the most spoiled artist in Marvel. Boys Love Manga and Beyond: This article may contain an excessive amount of intricate detail that may only interest a specific audience.
Sultry animated blondes sucks a cock Furachi na Otoko Tachi. Make no mistake - elaborate Fernandez gave her a pokemon Omokoi, as well. Collection of one shot romances involving waiters from Megane cafe.
Sub chick's nips are clamped, and she This section needs expansion. Cougar porn lesbian. These days, more and more people are coming to appreciate and understand this once forbidden realm of literature. Archived from the original on January 15,
This article has multiple issues. Nude military women pictures. The Influence of Girl Culture. Erotic manga girls. This may or may not include brief nudity or underwear scenes, but ecchi manga does not depict graphic sex. Just recall how nobody remembers cubists forerunners, but everybody knows Picasso. Retrieved November 10, But it's not likely these people's reading habits include comics, and especially not European comics, so I hope it will stay unnoticed by them.
Retrieved 9 November Sultry animated blondes sucks a cock Ero Meruhen - Yukionna. Dorothy by Skottie Young, Anime and manga portal. Did you like this video? Busty blonde manga teeny gets bent an The western approach to josei has all but ignored some of its more recent trends.
Hot nurse enjoys a lesbian foreplay b When they got snowed in on xmas eve, he began to make his move. Physical relationships rarely go further than a kiss. Postal nude mod. A Billion Wicked Thoughts: So let say Marvel's audience was already well introduced to basic style and themes of a comic artist from Barcelona, via Skottie Young's highly praised work. Archived from the original on August 11, Enter Hentai Video World. Bootilicious teen gets her pussy fing Sensual nymph is not ashamed to show her perky breasts and sturdy behind, done in a manner which can be seen as further evolution from charicatural style Fernandez had shared with Skottie Young: Nerdy babe stuffs a hard cock in her Don't use the insult words, like fuck, motherfuck, asshole, shit and so on.
Dorothy by Enrique Fernandez, Cover art for Tales from the Age of Cobra, The josei series that become anime are often noted for their tendency to feature homoerotic themes, often because of a large misinterpretation of the demographic origin. Cover art for special edition. Retrieved February 13, A list of erotic romance which I enjoyed and I hope you enjoy them too.
Anime and manga portal. Real nude amature pics. Erotic manga girls. The lessons they teach". The End of Cool Japan: Love triangle between the team manager and the two most important players in the football club.
Retrieved May 15, June Learn how and when to remove this template message. Numbers only is forbidden. These most often appeal to specific fetishes — for example, gang rape, inter-species unions, and pedophilia.
He flips the naked girl over, banging her in missionary position, playing with her hairy bush and fondling her big tits. She flipped over, grabbing on to the roof of the car and squatting over me, her beautiful big tits dangling as she took my cock all in!
They shared everything, all the details, and their non-jealously non-competition clause between them meant I shared myself for both of them, putting myself out twice as long, twice the hard dicks inside me, twice the chokes and the ass-slaps, and twice my share of daily protein. This is the best day for this exhibitionist, he is so hard that his cock is standing straight up. The best part came when the crazy bitch started squirting all over the place!
This teen slut loves getting her mouth stuffed with cock and tasting her pussy on his dick. What I saw was amazing, they had one of the pledges, a sexy blonde teen, bent over the couch, with her skirt hiked up and her cotton panties dangling around her knees as she got her juicy little bubble butt spanked by her two naughty sisters, who took selfies with her naked ass, all part of the sisterhood initiation process.
I banged her in missionary and doggy style from behind before cumming all over her slutty face, bro! There were man and woman juices all over the place. I had never had a pussy as good as hers, and never came like I was doing as I fucked her that day. Hot naked girl squats over his rod and sinks into it and he lifts her up and down his cock grabbing her by her ass. It was safe to assume that the hooker was gonna be let free but the cops were about to become the best cop duo in the history of their police station.
same niche. Your blog provided us beneficial information to work on. You have done a extraordinary job!
At the moment a detailed description about the company David Casey not available. For letters using the address 2 Steptoe St, zip code 4670. If you have more information, then report it to us.
Notes and Queries - A Medium of Inter-communication for Literary Men, Artists, - Antiquaries, Geneologists, etc
﻿Title: Notes and Queries - A Medium of Inter-communication for Literary Men, Artists, - Antiquaries, Geneologists, etc
*** Start of this Doctrine Publishing Corporation Digital Book "Notes and Queries - A Medium of Inter-communication for Literary Men, Artists, - Antiquaries, Geneologists, etc" ***
*** End of this Doctrine Publishing Corporation Digital Book "Notes and Queries - A Medium of Inter-communication for Literary Men, Artists, - Antiquaries, Geneologists, etc" ***
We offer toughened flat gauge glasses that are favoured in a variety of industrial and engineering applications. The standard material used is borosilicate but aluminosilicate or soda lime can be supplied depending on the application.
These glasses are available as Reflex, Transparent and High pressure types. They can be supplied in a full range of lengths and sections to imperial or metric tolerances and comply with the following international standards:
Replacement glass, including Jergusson series 5 & 12 Klinger TA28 and others are manufactured to order using the original specifications in borosilicate or soda lime, and in transparent and reflex types.
We can manufacture any* gauge glass to suit special or obsolete gauge types. Enquiries should be accompanied with dimensions and service application.
A full range of gaskets, cushions and micas is available in a variety of materials to suit all standard sizes and types.
Write to us for more information regarding price or availability. We can ship to almost anywhere across the world.
Dynaflex appointed authorized representative for TGI ILMADUR gauge & sight glasses in Middle East & Africa
I met with a friend yesterday. I used to work every Sunday at my weekend job, but since the new year, I decided I just wanted to concentrate on photography, photoshop, and being creative.
I knew we would have good luck when I walked out the house and saw the fog settled over the trees and the streets. A beautiful, low fog is my absolute favorite subject. I’ve tried to shoot it a few times and just recently was able to capture something I really liked. And then, as I rounded the bend to meet with my friend, I saw this scene. I just stopped in the street. Thank goodness I was meeting for a photo meet-up, because my camera was on the seat next to me. I shot 3 shots before a car came up behind me. Not wanting to be late, I moved on. In retrospect, I should have stayed, brought out all the gear, including the medium format and shot until the light changed. Next time…next time.
The funny thing is, as soon as I turned left onto the next street I saw my friend’s car pulled over on the side of the road! She had stopped to take a picture of a barn encased in the low fog. Just goes to show that all would have been forgiven had I been a little late…just get the shot first.
All-in-all, I’m happy with this shot. I love it, actually. I wish I had taken the time to bracket. But I didn’t. I know this scene will never be like it is here, and I’m grateful I have a record of it’s jaw-dropping beauty.
Just get the shot. Always a lesson I have to remember…especially considering it’s my favorite shot of the day.
In other news, news articles on the main page now have descriptions to match their forum counterparts.
If you need to post something new for me to see and for others to discuss, post it in this section of the forum. NORMAL DRD TEAM FORUM RULES APPLY. SEE THIS THREAD FOR DETAILS
[REQ] 64bit support - No... Not for NT5 based platforms (Page 3) - Feature Requests - DriverPacks.net Forum
In my opinion its a waste of time to do drivers for windows vista since windows 7 should be replacing it soon.
XP 64 bits ? I don't believe many users out there actually use XP 64 bits. If Windows 7 is released on time those users will move to windows 7 64 bits, enterprises as well. Since we are very limited in resources of people doing the packs I don't believe it will happen. However if anybody out there wanna get involved in the project, well why not. Personally, I don't have time for XP 64 bits. I'm still working on XP packages and when windows 7 SP1 is released I will do the switch.
Everyone I know who was running XP-64 jumped ship to Vista as soon as it was available (out of sheer frustration).
I'm with JakeLD, as soon as Win7 is final, I'm onboard! Vista is history. XP-32 is still my recommended OS for older hardware though, and I still run it on my two notebooks.
I to tried XP/64 and removed it within 2 days. Then tried Vista 64 and had a lot of problems with my scanner and NEC 1800 laser printer, Netgear SC100 NAS, removed within a week. Now running Win 7 64 in a removable drive bay and am almost at the point of adopting it for my primary OS, very stable even in Beta form. IE8 seems to have some problems, but as I use Firefox all the time it's not a problem.
Wow, I always thought the XP driverpacks were both 32 and 64bit! I never realized it's only 32bit. Otherwise I would have voted for this loooong time ago!
Now that I have a 64bit cpu (wich I didn't have before) and 4GB RAM I am already working on my XP-64 unattended install. But now that I realize there are no driverpacks :(
I can't really understand the Vista hype... most people I know had Vista for no longer then a year then switched back to XP. It seems more a Windows Millennium version of XP to me (and with a nice theme and some other stuff you can make XP look even better then Vista). Unless you really need DirectX10, again, to me, the only reason to ever use Vista.
edit: and isn't Win7 actually just Windows ME III? I haven't found a list of real benefits compared to XP.
Nah, they cannot come out with two ME successors one after another so they got to make at least one proper after Vista, LOL
XP64 was mere a technical demo (plus, it didn't even get translated and the MUI isn't perfect at all) and Vista 64 is, well, Vista
Once the RC came out, I was so disgusted by it, that I promised myself that if it was released with all the problems it had, I would make XP the last version I ever touched. Well, it was released pretty well as it was, and true to promise, I refuse to touch Vista, even for clients. I tell them that they will need to find someone else to handle their problems; that I have a minimum level of quality that I deal with, and that Vista is well beneath that level.
As such, since many new computers have 64-bit processors, and have the ability to accept more than 4Gb of memory (many now even come standard with 4 or 6Gb), I use XP 64-bit almost exclusively.
I now have close to 200 clients with XP 64-bit, and virtually 100% of them love it. The only ones who have ever complained were the ones moving up from Windows 98, mainly because their old 16-bit apps no longer work. Yes, I still do get those kinds of people once in a while.
So please, please provide an XP 64-bit pack or expand the 2000/XP/2003 pack to include as many 64-bit drivers as possible.
XP 64-bit might be â€œdeadï¿½ according to Micro$oft, but there are many people (like me) and many businesses (like mine) who will continue to recommend and install XP 64-bit right up until it is no longer supported (as in, no more patches and updates).
And since Windows 7 appears to be much the same sh*t as Vista (with only minor improvements to performance, and almost NO improvements to the FUGLY and HORRIBLY DESIGNED user interface), it seems that I will be recommending XP 64-bit for a very long time to come.
I just checked my client listâ€¦ seems I was a bit conservative. Make that about 300 clients with XP 64-bit to date. I usually do about a good half-dozen installations per month, and very few of them are still XP 32-bit (usually for older 32-bit hardware or thin clients and netbooks). Yes, I am doing this just part-time, but I do have a steady stream of customers for either new hardware custom-built, or to get rid of Vista entirely.
I should also point out that my request for XP 64-bit tends to be focused on chipset drivers, audio drivers and communication drivers (wireless and LAN). Video card drivers are usually quite easy to obtain, and the rest tends to fall into place with a little bit of research on my part.
Well, the DriverPacks themselves wouldn't be difficult to create (dpms is a nightmare regardless). The DriverPacks Finisher would probably work fine without modification. The main problem would be DriverPacks BASE since it only works with 32-bit install platform folder structure and file mods. As far as I'm concerned, XP-64 is a dead platform. Useful in it's day, but dead nonetheless.
I for one refuse to even touch an XP-64 machine (I've built a few in my time) and I always recommend to my clients to upgrade to Vista x64 as quickly as possible. Now with Win7 only months away from release, I'm telling them to hold off until then. Win7 is AWESOME! I've been running the latest 7048 build on my 4-yr old Gateway notebook and it's flawless! Much faster than XP or Vista.
Just ordered an Asus 10" netbook with Atom 1.66 and 1 gig (ordered a 2 gig chip), will reload the OS with DP and let you know.
I installed apps and games dual booted it with the OEM Vista - repartitioned with the Vista disk manager.
Looks as if 64 bit is finally becoming a mainstream standard, it seems to run a little faster than 32 bit.
As for a leaner version, cast your minds back to the beta versions of Vista, they ran FASTER than the shipping version.
Win 7 already installed on my test rig (wooden base, can change parts really quick) in 32 and 64 bit versions so I am ready to test.
Well duh! Because you offer no driverpacks for it. They don't get here using Google. They go here instead, and with a lot of success:
Everyone I know, and I do mean everyone in my personal surroundings (scientists and video/audio editors/creators and developers/coders mostly) STILL prefers XP x64. Which is supported by the forums mentioned above.
If you still think Vista will 'conquer' those users, you're DEAD wrong. They will not switch, trust me.
Meow, your just going to have to accept at some point that XP is going away, like 2000, 98, 95, 3.1 before it. Windows 7 will be the cats meow, pun intended. It's Vista, but better. Vista is to W7 like ME was to XP.
Yes, Driverpacks currently supports XP. But now driverpacks are starting to support Vista too, eventually Windows7. I don't see the justification of adding 64bit for a smaller base of users than the those using OSX.
I digress, I think that more people would use XP 64bit if the drivers/software was more readily available. I just don't see us having the unpaid, voluntary, manpower to accomplish the task of also doing a set of 64bit drivers.
Stop getting all pissy about it and DO something about it Meow. I can google search a whole bunch of XP 64bit websites too! So why don't you start working on drivers for mass storage 64bit. Because as of right now all you sound like is a troll.
You have no idea what you're writing about. It's not going away anytime soon; http://support.microsoft.com/lifecycle/?p1=3198 As long as microsoft releases updates for 2003 SP2 x64, any XP x64 user will be able to apply them. Even better:
There is no need to upgrade AT ALL. XP x64 will be running JUST FINE for years on end, and I see no reason to stop using it if it's THE BEST O.S. on the market right now.
Your claim in favor of "upgrading" to bloated slow untested and generally dumb new operating systems is really sad and unfounded. XP x64 is by far the most effective OS at this time, for Quad Core and Dual Core processors and DDR3. This has been proven time and again, and is a known fact for Microsoft as well.
By the way, it's "you're" not "your". Maybe learn some grammar and spelling first, then think about having an opinion on the lifespan of operating systems.
You've certainly got your skirt in a bunch huh? Talk about a grammar Nazi, geez. I can cherry pick your incorrect grammar and sentencing structure as well. You're just arguing and it's not helpful.
Though, I'm fairly positive that my 10 years of professional/business computing experience (and many more non-professional years), and continued experience, gives me warrant to make substantiated claims about certain things regarding the operating systems we have used, currently use and will acquire.
The point I was making was and is from a business stand point, and perhaps, therein lies the problem. Microsoft will be end life cycle on Windows XP, at least 32bit, soon. We don't use or support 64 bit in our environments and I have not seen a need to deploy it. Perhaps I was too general in saying 'XP was going away'. A mute point, but I never said that XP 64bit was itself going away soon. But when one goes the other is usually short to follow.
We can also all just keep plugging along on Windows 2000 or 98, too! And why not? If you don't see a need to upgrade then don't. But the world around you will. And as unfortunate as that is, that's the way it is.
To quote, "There is no need to upgrade AT ALL. XP x64 will be running JUST FINE for years on end, and I see no reason to stop using it if it's THE BEST O.S. on the market right now." Seriously, really, honestly, more and more software will come out that will abandon support for OS's past. Years to come you will have a piece of software you will want or have to use that will need some newer OS. It's quite obvious to me that you fit into one of these roles: you haven't been in the IT business at all or a very short time or your a regular consumer or kid trying to make a 'point' or some computer science major who thinks he knows how the world works.
By the way, I never claimed to hate XP 32 or 64 bit. In fact I love XP in all forms. Nor do I feel it particularly necessary to upgrade to Windows 7 or Vista. But, Windows 7 is hardly untested and bloated. And it will/should be out by end of year. Microsoft cannot afford to make the same mistake twice. The MS behemoth will die and people will continue to use XP 64bit "for years on end", "bloated" Vista and never upgrade, forever.
Honestly, you still sound like a troll, arguing over silly things that'll obviously get the goat of many here. Still, what are you going to to about helping with getting 64bit drivers for XP? Donate all your time and money? And this was one of the other points I was making. The majority of users are with 32bit XP right now and we only have so much voluntary, unpaid staff. So instead of fighting over it, help.
It's no coincidence that these guys: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1GBPreUPXk&fmt=18 do all their testing on custom XP x64 installations. I do honest testing with many qualified users. You are the sheep behind Microsoft's push-market. Which by the way belongs to the dark-ages, seeing as it has destroyed your economy. Stop thinking you need to 'grow' or 'upgrade' when things are working just fine for most users out there. XP64 ain't broken, there is no need whatsoever to regard it as such.
Where does that nonsense about "making up fake statistics" come from, show me where they have been made up. They haven't. Accusing people of things they haven't done is really dumb.
Forcing people to upgrade (their hardware and operating systems) for no apparent reason is really dumb too, by the way.
Children, children, XP 64 is a great program even though very few people use it and drivers are scarce.
The vast majority of users are 32 bit based because of the driver issue. I tried XP 64 and had to drop it because of driver issues.
Many components (re: printer, scanner etc.) drivers are not supported in a true 64 bit version, Vista and Win 7 are.
Windows 7 32/64 bit versions have had the multicore scheduler re-written and optimized, it will work better than XP 32/64 with multicore CPU's, this was also partially true with Vista.
The memory management in Win 7 64 bit is better than XP 64. Microsoft has been through a learning process over the last few years (Vista being the exception).
Win 7 now only loads components that are required for the OS to operate with other DLL's etc. loading when requested, drivers load in parallel, something XP 64 does not do.
I realize you have your views as well as others on this Forum and I/we respect them. I agree that XP 32/64 will remain for many years to come as will Windows 2000 and 98SE.
Still have clients running Windows 3.11. Some claim that is the best OS, others claim 98SE is the best thing since sliced bread, all personal viewpoints.
Many people on the Forum who have testing knowledge of Win 7 believe it has the basis of a great OS possibly as great as XP.
If you wish to write your own DriverPacks for XP 64 (OS) then please do so, I and others would be glad to help you test in their spare time.
You are not going to change the minds of the people on this Forum who consider XP 64 as being to small a usage level as far as we are concerned to spend a great deal of time for a handful of users.
With the download level this Forum has for 32 bit, it only makes sense to spend the majority of our time working on that.
I agree, there are drivers for video, sound etc., but a lot of other drivers are not true 64 bit but work with 64 bit.
If you working with Server 2003 64 then I would say there are drivers for everything inside the box.
Well we never determined that XP-64 was a viable platform to devote our time; considering (from our perspective) it doesn't have a significant foothold in the professional community anymore since Vista x64 was released two years ago. In my organization, we have well over 1000 client workstations (half of which are 64-bit CPUs) and they are ALL humming merrily along with XP-32 until our ongoing migration to Vista-32 (which I'm opposing, but losing). Even our servers were running Server 2003R2 until they got updated to Server 2008. XP-64 just had too many problems and compatibility issues to deploy broadly.
I'm certain though that some of you will disagree with me. That's fine. I've been defending the right to voice your opinion for almost 22 years on active duty (although since MeOW appears to be from the Netherlands, not directly). Irrelevant.
MeOW, If you want to start your own XP-64 DriverPacks, feel free to do so, and we may help you in your endeavors. Many here have a wide expertise in different fields and hold the keys to unlock several OS 'secrets'.
But don't expect us to jump up and be your personal 'code monkeys' just because you're raising your voice at us. I don't react too well to openly negative (and unwarranted) criticism. Being nice about it would have carried you much further here.
Posting Google searches wont get you anywhere. You obviously have an issue with being even slightly wrong. May I ask how old you are? Is English your secondary language? Maybe there's a language barrier. Insulting members who've actually contributed to the cause will only get you banned. I'm trying to civil and you keep insulting people.
If you're going to go the route of not being a "sheep" why use Windows at all? Why don't you go to a 'true' OS like Redhat or the many other *Nix variants? But, alas, it is you who truly cannot read or you choose to not understand what is said. You haven't definitively answered the question I posed. And you continue to twist the argument and leave out portions of what has been stated. You have to remember that there many people in this world, many much smarter than yourself, many who disagree with you and perhaps some who agree. You need to stop whining and accept that.
Eventually we will need to "'grow'" and "'upgrade'". That's life. I'm not saying it needs to be now, not saying it needs to be in a year or two, but eventually. The whole industry drives it. Tell me, in the future, if there's an application that you need to use in order to be paid and it requires Window 7, will you say no out of sheer stubbornness? And what if you were to work for a company that uses Windows 7, will you tell them to downgrade because it's your preference to use Windows XP 64bit? I'm also not saying I want it. I have to support and deploy it, remember.
You also need to know that just because 64bit has worked for you, it won't work for everyone and every hardware. The many testers here can attest to that even with 32bit OS and the complexities that introduces. These manufacturers can't get their act together with that how in the world will they for 64bit?
The fake statistics are here http://forum.driverpacks.net/viewtopic. … 040#p28040 - I'd like to see where you got 99.9% from. As for the Youtube video, ugh, really? Windows 7 isn't out yet. The video is posted from Nov 25, 2008, why would they be using Windows 7 for testing? Your argument holds no water, of course they would use 64bit 2003/XP because of the 4gb limit of 32bit.
GS-MS5 high power wireless outdoor CPE is dedicated to long distance wireless network solutions.It integrates the fundtions of wireless access point,client,high gain antenna and weatherproof enclosure.It's 12dBi built-in high gain antenna,high output power and high receiving sensitivity,which allows you to extend the transmission range to a deliver a more stable wireless connection.Complies with 802.11a/n agreement. GS-MS5 creats a wireless network up to 300Mbps,making it great for Internet surfing and files exchange.
Further, it provides an external antenna which can easily advance your distance and performance more flexible.
To protect your wireless connectivity, the high-speed wireless USB adapter can encrypt all wireless transmissions through 64/128/256-bit WEP data encryption and also supports WPA.
Established in 2004, EDUP is the global brand name for Shenzhen EDUP Electronics Technology Co., Ltd. We are a professional company and exporter specialized in Wireless products. We are located in Shenzhen, with convenient transportation access. All of our products comply wtih international quality standards and are greatly apprecaiated in a variety of different markets throughout the world.
Send your inquiry details to us in below, click "send" now!And maybe you will be interested in other products of our company,how about "visit" us?
Before heading south, we decided to get up early and drive to the Heart Mountain Relocation Camp. From 1942 to 1945, 127,000 Japanese Americans from western states were sent to live in concentration camps.
Under Roosevelt's Executive Order 9066, people of Japanese decent were sent to 16 assembly centers, 10 justice department camps, 6 citizen isolation centers, or 10 internment camps. Over 14,000 passed through Heart Mountain.
As you approach the historic site, your eyes are drawn to a flag and large sign called the honor roll (above). This board contains the names of people from the camp that gave their lives during WWII. Although their families were imprisoned, many Japanese Americans were drafted or volunteered for the service.
Most of the camp buildings no longer exist, however the railroad tracks and few buildings remain with Heart Mountain looming in the background (photo below). Well-designed interpretive signs along a short walk containing maps and photographs provide excellent orientation to the area.
As we looked at the remaining buildings, we tried to imagine what it was like sixty years ago when this area was filled with buildings and more than 10,000 people.
Before our visit, Annette read a new book about the camp called Heart Mountain by Mike Mackey. This gave her some insight into daily life at the camp. One of the striking things was a quote from one of the signs focusing on issues facing teachers at the high school. A camp teacher asked, "How do you teach democracy to students looking out at guard towers and barbed wire fields?"
This article introduces the educational solutions module of the world’s most recent personal and professional problem solving site, describing competitive offerings, the customer profile, problem-oriented solutions, target markets, product offerings, and usability features. It concludes that the module is a major contribution to the information superhighway.
The aim of this article is to introduce to the world the educational solutions module of the world’s most recent personal and professional problem solving site. The article is addressed to those readers who may have an educational problem bogging them and who may therefore be looking for a way out of their predicament. The reader may be a parent, child, or student.
It is a common fact of life that we all have problems and that we are often frustrated or we tend to lash out because of our inability to find accessible and reliable information about our problems. This specialist site fills this need – as our pragmatic friend for solving our educational problems.
To be of the greatest use to people a problem solving site must combine pragmatic discussions of their personal or professional problem with merchant products that provide more detailed information. Typically, the web site will provide free information in the form of news, articles, and advice, which direct the visitor on what to do to solve her problems. Complementing this, the web site will also provide merchant products which discuss in detail how the visitor can go about resolving her problem. This means that the most effective, visitor-oriented problem-solving site will be an information-packed commercial site – and so is the world’s most recent personal and professional problem solving site and its specialist sites.
The approach that we have adopted below is to describe competitive offerings, the customer profile, problem-oriented solutions, target markets, product offerings, and usability features.
US Department of Education. It defines the US education policy and provides information on financial aid, educational research and statistics, grants and contracts, and teaching and learning resources.
GEM. It provides educational resources such as lesson plans and other teaching and learning resources.
Education World. It provides advice on lesson plans, professional development, and technology integration.
NASA Education Enterprise. It provides educational materials and information relating to space exploration.
Department for Education and Skills. It is a UK government department site that offers information and advice on various educational and skills topics.
Times Educational Supplement. It offers teaching news, teaching & educational resources, and active forums to help UK teachers.
3. They lack a problem focus; i.e., they do not formulate the typical learning and educational problems that pupils, students, and parents face on a daily basis.
4. As a result of the preceding point, the solutions offered are not as incisive (i.e. as problem-centred) as they could be.
5. They do not offer merchant products that deepen the visitor’s understanding of her problem and of the consequent solutions.
The educational solutions module of the world’s most recent personal and professional problem solving site addresses these problems by targeting a multiplicity of market segments, adopting a customer profile that fits the typical education-pursuing family, considering the specific needs or problems that this family may face, offering incisive (problem-centred) solutions to the various problems, and offering a range of merchant products that deepen the visitor’s appreciation of her problems and of the solutions that are applicable to them.
The customer profile or target visitor characteristics of the educational solutions module is the same as for all specialist sites of the world’s most recent personal and professional problem solving site. The site has been designed to meet the needs of visitors who have an educational problem bogging them. It is designed for both males and females, even though it is often convenient to refer to just one sex when writing.
This visitor uses search engines to research information about her personal or professional problem, with the intention of finding solutions to it. The visitor is serious about solving her problem and is therefore willing to buy products that help her to achieve her mission, provided that she can find reliable and honest information about relevant products so that she can make an informed decision about which ones to acquire. This information will help her to apply her finances economically, and hence avoid wasting money.
The visitor will want a money-back guarantee so that if a product does not live up to expectations or if she were misled into buying a product she can get a refund. Such a guarantee absolves her of purchase risks.
The visitor is intelligent (without necessarily being a genius), educated (without necessarily being a PhD), computer literate (without necessarily being a computer guru), and money-minded (without necessarily being a freebie hunter or an unemployed person). This of course does not mean that freebie hunters or unemployed persons cannot gain a thing from the site. To the contrary, there is a great deal of free information on the site. Just that it is hard to see how anyone can gain the full benefits of the site without buying products.
The visitor wants high quality information products (usually in digital form) and wants to pay the cheapest price for these (without paying so much emphasis on price that she compromises quality). The visitor also wants free bonus offers that are attached to the purchased goods.
The visitor is self-reliant and can cope on her own by reading, digesting, and applying advice about her problem until she solves it or discovers that she needs help from a professional, at which point her acquired knowledge will help her to reduce her consulting fees. As a result of the knowledge gained, the visitor will be able to assess consultants in order to avoid incompetent or fraudulent ones.
Our free solutions are organised in the form of pragmatic articles that are written by top experts. Each article addresses a specific daily problem, but does not go into detail. It explains the problem and tells the visitor what she must do to solve her problem. However, it does not tell the visitor how she must solve it – this is too much for an article. To find out about the how, the visitor must buy a product (usually an e-book or e-book set) that goes into greater depth.
The set of educational articles that we have chosen, to provide initial solution to a visitor’s problem are as follows:
Signs of a Gifted Child – Informs parents on how to identify whether or not their children are gifted.
Essential Parenting Lessons for Enriching Your Child’s Education – Teaches parents how to enhance their child’s education.
Using Positive Affirmations to Be a Better Student – Teaches students how to use positive affirmations to improve their performance.
How Can Parents Encourage Their Children to Read? – Shows parents how they can improve their children’s reading skills.
Saving Money for College – Instructs students on how they can save money in preparation for college.
Student Loans: When Your Educational Dreams Can’t Compete with the Cost – Explains to students the benefits of a student loan.
Education Loans Can Fund a Higher Degree to Boost Your Career – Also explains to students the benefits of a student loan.
The Secret to US Department of Education Loans – Teaches students how to get a US DoE loan to finance their higher education.
Student Loan Consolidation – Save Money, Pay Less, Spend More – Explains to graduates how to make use of loan consolidation to reduce their student loan repayments.
Higher Education: Finding the Right College for You – Explains to students how to find the right college or university for their higher education studies.
Mobile Learning – An Alternative Worth Considering – Explains the concept of mobile learning and its place in education.
Online Degrees – Is Online Education Right for You? – Analyses the merits of online learning as compared to traditional learning.
Finding the Right Quotation for Your Paper or Speech Online – Shows writers and speakers how to find the right quotation to use in their writings or speeches.
Collaboration: An Important Leadership Development Skill – Explores the useful concept of collaboration and its role in leadership development.
At the end of each article is a list of merchant products that supplement the article’s content. A link is also included for accessing the educational product catalogue.
Now let us turn to the target markets and their associated product offerings. We have positioned the segments to address the various needs of a visitor over a period of time, and at any given time a customer may belong to one or more of the market segments. There are three general classes of products offered: ClickBank products, Google products, and eBay products. Google and eBay products are presented on each page of the site. ClickBank products are grouped into product categories that match the target markets. These categories and their markets are as follows.
Children and Parenting. This consists of visitors who want parenting solutions for improving their children’s upbringing. Their needs are met through the Children and Parenting section of the educational product catalogue.
Difficult Admissions. This consists of visitors who want to learn how to get admission into top universities. Their needs are met through the Difficult Admissions section of the educational product catalogue.
Esoteric Needs. This consists of visitors with unusual needs. Their needs are met through the Esoteric Needs section of the educational product catalogue.
Financial Aid. This consists of visitors looking for scholarships, grants, or loans. Their needs are met through the Financial Aid section of the educational product catalogue.
Leadership Skills. This consists of visitors looking to develop their leadership skills. Their needs are met through the Leadership Skills section of the educational product catalogue.
Learning. This consists of visitors who want to improve their learning ability. Their needs are met through the Learning section of the educational product catalogue.
Mental Speed. This consists of visitors who want to explode their mental speed. Their needs are met through the Mental Speed section of the educational product catalogue.
Positive Affirmations. This consists of visitors who want to transform their negative dispositions into a positive mindset in order to improve their performance. Their needs are met through the Positive Affirmations section of the educational product catalogue.
Speaking. This consists of visitors looking to improve their speaking skills. Their needs are met through the Speaking section of the educational product catalogue.
Tests and Exams. This consists of visitors looking to master exam technique. Their needs are met through the Tests and Exams section of the educational product catalogue.
Writing. This consists of visitors looking to improve their writing skills. Their needs are met through the Writing section of the educational product catalogue.
Usability has been enhanced to make it easy for the visitor to find solutions to her problem, by following these steps:
1. The first thing the visitor sees are a set of articles whose titles represent the specific problem area they address. The articles are accessed from the Educational Problem Solving menu of the navigation bar to the left of the screen or from the Educational Problem Solving main page. By scanning these articles the visitor can identify whether or not her problem is covered. If not the visitor can check the educational product catalogue through the Product Catalogues menu of the same navigation bar, to see whether a product exists that answers her query. If she finds nothing she knows that her problem is not addressed. She can proceed to the Related Sites pages, which are accessible from the left navigation bar.
Posted on April 7, 2018 July 17, 2018 Author rewotTags professional problem, target markets, usability features
Integrated with your full-featured LeageAthletics.com website, the SI Play Mobile App connects coaches with their teams, and players with each other. Take all of your scheduling, messaging and team sharing on the go and never miss out on a game moment. Celebrate your sports life all in one place with our next generation SI Play Mobile App.
Archives Select Month June 2015 (1) October 2013 (2) July 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) June 2012 (1) March 2012 (2) February 2012 (1) January 2012 (2) December 2011 (3) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (3) September 2011 (2)
$750.00* per person – Single focus ministry – minimum 4 people – Choose: Healing, Prophetic, Teaching or Preaching – plus all travel related costs associated with your mission trip
$1,500.00* per person – minimum 2 people – All aspects of ministry: Healing, Prophetic, Teaching, Preaching and Administrative – plus all travel related costs associated with your mission trip
Single focus ministry – Choose: Healing, Prophetic, Teaching or Preaching – plus all costs associated with your mission trip – Contact for pricing
All aspects of ministry: Healing, Prophetic, Teaching, Preaching and Administrative – plus all costs associated with your mission trip – Contact for pricing
If you’d like to become an Intern or participate in the Mentoring program, please contact us for more information.
Each $95.00* session is one hour and 15 minutes – Skype and Webinar sessions available if you are not located locally
**Intensive Retreats: You will be responsible for your own accommodations, transportation and food unless otherwise prearranged
August 2nd – 4th, 2012 Precious Daughters and XPmedia co-hosts: “Come Up Here” – A Women’s Gathering Patricia King, Bertie Church and Kimberly Wallace
S. export legal guidelines implement to this software program and you also are accountable for complying with Those people rules; (6) The clicking Wrap Software program License Agreement that could seem for the duration of installation in the software will govern this and any subsequent licenses downloaded by this scholar Website.Supply your ideas
Thanks for sharing these kinds of excellent information and facts.It can be informative, are you able to help me in finding out more detail on Software know-how corporation, i am fascinated and want to know more about this industry and wanted to grasp the small print about Computer software technologies company.This displays the ANSYS Workbench sof
► Utilized computational fluid dynamics to model four differential stress movement meters. ► Examined how the discharge coefficient modified with regard to Reynolds amount.Push supplemental earnings alternatives by implementing incremental packages or projects initiated by product sales management Qualifications: The requirements detailed under
The mainly utilised languages useful for describing Net companies is WSDL.In this particular paper We have now described about WSDL and RDF utilizing graphs to explain ontologies.Abstract: We realize that, the inverters are broadly labeled as two degree inverters and multilevel inverters. This typical inverters have quite a few constraints at super
Introduction to electrochemistry and electrocatalysis; mother nature of gasoline-cell electrodes and electrolytes; cost transfer reactions at interfaces; charge transportation and mass transportation processes; gasoline processing reactions; determination of fuel mobile performance, fuel overall flexibility, emissions as well as other features.Desi
The most awaited Huawei Mate 10 Lite Blue Version is Available from 11th Nov 2017! Be the first one to experience the world’s first smartphone with 4 cameras & a 5.9” Full View Display.
For those times when you need only the highest-quality Engineering Plastic supplies built to stand the test of time, you need Premium Plastics in Newton. From the very beginning, we've catered to the needs of Engineering professionals in Newton just like you. We understand how important it is to have both durable and aesthetically-pleasing engineering plastics, and we'll work together with you in order to complete your project on time and on budget.
Of course, being affordable is important, too. That's why we offer countless deals and special offers to help you get the most value for your investment. Industrial durability, outstanding visual elements, and affordability: That's what we offer at Premium Plastics in Newton.
When you purchase a product from Premium Plastics in Newton, the story does not end there. Our professional technicians and representatives are standing by to provide you with any assistance you may require, including installation advice and technical support. We understand that every project is unique, and we strive to offer a personalized solution that is custom-tailored to your specific needs. At the end of the day, we like to see ourselves as your partners - not merely your parts supplier in Newton.
Ready to get started? Call us today on 0333 121 1216 from the comfort and convenience of your own home for the engineering supplies you need for your next project in Newton. We're here to help, so be sure to let us know if you have any questions about our inventory, including pricing, sizing, and ordering options. We appreciate your business and we can't wait to work together to help you complete your next project in Newton!
Premium Plastics are the UK’s leading supplier of Plastic products in Newton. We stock a wide range of products for use in Domestic and Commercial properties and to suit all budgets, with fast delivery in Newton.
Engineering Plastic Suppliers in stock in Large Volumes for reliable delivery. The highest quality products in Newton
England Fencing is the governing body for the sport of fencing in England. Barons Gate, 33 Rothschild Road, W4 5HT London, United Kingdom
Our service commitment includes compliance with the Rules of Conduct and Client Care for Lawyers of the New Zealand Law Society. To assist you, the following information describes some key elements of those rules, and explains some of the rights you have as a consumer of legal services.
Act competently, in a timely way, and in accordance with instructions received and arrangements made.
Provide you with information about the work to be done, who will do it and the way the services will be provided.
The obligations lawyers owe to clients are described in the Rules of Conduct and Client Care of Lawyers. Those obligations are sometimes subject to other overriding duties, including duties to the courts and to the justice system.
The names and status of the person or persons who will have the general carriage of or overall responsibility for services we provide for you are set out in our covering letter. We will advise you if they change from time to time. If we have not advised you in writing of the person or persons who will have overall responsibility for the services we provide for you then that person will be the person that you have instructed to do the work.
We maintain a procedure for handling any complaints by clients, designed to ensure that a complaint is dealt with promptly and fairly.
If you have a complaint about our services or charges, you may refer your complaint to the person in our firm who has overall responsibility for your work.
If you do not wish to refer your complaint to that person, or you are not satisfied with that person’s response to your complaint, you may refer your complaint to our client relations manager, Jill Powrie.
The Law Society operates the Lawyers Complaints Service and you are able to make a complaint to that service. To do so, phone 0800 261 801 and you will be connected to the nearest Complaints Service Office, which can provide information and advice about making a complaint.
We hold professional indemnity insurance that meets or exceeds the minimum standards specified by the Law Society. We will provide you with particulars of the minimum standards upon request.
The Law Society maintains the Lawyers’ Fidelity Fund for the purpose of providing clients of lawyers with protection against monetary loss arising from theft by lawyers. The maximum amount payable by the Fidelity Fund by way of compensation to an individual claimant is limited to NZ$100,000. Except in certain circumstances specified in the Lawyers and Conveyancers Act 2006, the Fidelity Fund does not cover a client for any loss relating to money that a lawyer is instructed to invest on behalf of the client.
These terms apply in respect of all work carried out by us for you, except where clearly (ie in writing) agreed otherwise.
Confidentiality: We will hold in strict confidence all information concerning you or your affairs that we acquire during the course of acting for you. We will not disclose any of this information to any other person except:
Confidential Information concerning you will as far as practical be made available only to those within our firm who are providing legal services for you. We will of course not disclose to you confidential information which we have in relation to any other client.
Conflicts of interest: We have procedures in place to identify and respond to conflicts of interest. If a conflict of interest rises we will advise you of this and follow the requirements and procedures set out in the Law Society’s Rules.
Duty of care: Our duty of care is to you and not to any other person. Before any other person may rely on our advice, we must clearly agree to this.
Financial – Fees: Unless otherwise set out in an engagement letter we use hourly rates only as a general basis for deciding the fees for our work. We may also take into account other factors such as specialised knowledge and responsibility required to perform the service, the complexity and urgency in which the matter is undertaken and the benefit to you of previous work, product or precedents.
If the engagement letter specifies a fixed fee, we will charge this for the agreed scope of our services. Work which falls outside that scope will be charged on an hourly rate basis. We will advise you as soon as reasonably practicable if it becomes necessary for us to provide services outside the agreed scope and, if requested, give you an estimate of the likely amount of the further costs.
Separate charges will be made for courier fees, copying, toll and cell calls, fax charges, photocopying, forms and similar.
Any fee, expense or disbursement for which we have provided an invoice may be deducted from any funds held in our trust account on your behalf.
Disbursements and expenses: In providing services we may incur disbursements (eg Court filing fees or Land Registry fees) or have to make payments to third parties on your behalf. These will be included in our invoice to you after the expense is incurred. We may require an advance payment for the disbursements or expenses which we will be incurring on your behalf.
Invoices: We will send invoices to you on completion of your work or more regularly (often monthly) for significant ongoing work. We may also send you an invoice when we incur a significant expense.
Terms of payment: All fees rendered are payable on or before the 20th of the month following the date of the invoice. If you have difficulty paying any account, please discuss this with us. We reserve the right to stop working on your behalf where accounts are overdue. Where we have agreed to extend the time for payment of an account interest at 18% per annum may be charged on the amount payable.
Overdue accounts: As we do not offer credit facilities, we reserve the right to charge 18% per annum interest on all accounts, fees, disbursements and charges remaining unpaid one month after the date of issue of the account.
Recovery of fees and expenses: If we are required to take any action to receive payment of our fees, disbursements or expenses, we are authorised to use, only to the extent necessary to receive such payment, your private information as that term is used in the Privacy Act 1993. You shall also be liable to pay all costs including debt collectors and legal fees incurred in taking action.
Reporting: Because we wish to keep you updated on the work and costs incurred, we shall report to you regularly so that you always have an accurate understanding of the progress and costs incurred. At any time you may instruct us to stop and you will be liable at that point only for the fees and expenses to date.
Security: In some cases we may ask you to pre-pay amounts to us, or to provide security for our fees and expenses. You authorise us:
to deduct from any funds held on your behalf in our trust account, any fees, expenses or disbursements for which we have provided an invoice.
Third parties: Although you may expect to be reimbursed by a third party for our fees and expenses, and although our invoices may at your request be directed to a third party, nevertheless you remain responsible for payment to us if the third party fails to pay us.
If our retainer is terminated all fees due up to the date of termination and all expenses incurred up to that date are then payable.
Retention of files and documents: You authorise us (without further reference to you) to destroy all files and documents for this matter (other than any documents that we hold in safe custody for you) six years after the matter ends, or earlier if we have converted those files and documents to an electronic format.
Trust account: We maintain a trust account for all funds which we receive from clients (including moneys received for payment of our invoices). If we are holding significant funds on your behalf we will normally lodge those funds on interest bearing deposit with a Bank. In that case we will charge an administration fee of 5% on the gross interest derived.
General: These Terms apply to any current instruction and to any future instruction, whether or not we send you another copy of them. There is no need for you to sign these trading terms in order to accept them; you will accept these trading terms by continuing to instruct us to work for you.
Our relationship with you is governed by New Zealand law and New Zealand courts have non-exclusive jurisdiction.
"We have engaged Simon from England Law as both barrister and solicitor. His approach is direct, concise, confident and informative.
The best part was that he was available by phone to discuss our case which meant we always knew where we stood.
Coptic Christians weave palm leaves to make decorations ahead of the Orthodox Church's Palm Sunday Reuters
Egypt's Coptic-Christian community celebrates Palm Sunday, symbolised by the palm frond, commemorating Jesus' triumphal entry into Jerusalem
A senior Chinese negotiator will visit the United States at Washington’s invitation late this month to resume trade talks, the Ministry of Commerce said on Aug 16.
It will be the first bilateral meeting since the Sino-US trade dispute escalated in June, attracting lots of attention and high expectations.
On the invitation of the US, a delegation led by Wang Shouwen, vice-minister of commerce and China’s deputy international trade representative, will meet with a team led by the US Treasury’s Undersecretary for International Affairs David Malpass, the ministry said in a statement.
The two sides will hold consultations on each other’s concerns about Sino-US economic and trade issues, the ministry said.
“The Chinese side opposes unilateralism and trade protectionism practices and does not accept any unilateral trade restriction measures,” said the statement.
Beijing has retaliated after Washington slapped tariffs in goods since they held their last high-level meeting in June. The tension raised fears that their trade dispute will shake the global economy.
It was unclear whether the talks will take place before or after Aug 16, when Washington has said it will activate additional tariffs on $16 billion in Chinese goods. Beijing has said it will retaliate in kind.
At the last official round of talks in early June, US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross met with Vice-Premier Liu He in Beijing.
Experts said Wang’s visit to the US is expected to be helpful not only in reducing misunderstanding between the two governments but also in offering hope for progress in lessening the friction that has set global markets on edge.
Li Yong, deputy director of the China Association of International Trade Expert Committee, said conducting the vice-ministerial level meeting means the two sides will talk about many specific issues, such as how to increase imports from each other’s markets in different sectors and build a solid foundation for higher-level official meetings.
“As the bilateral trade friction has affected global value and supply chains, as well as many countries’ financial markets, it is time for both sides to talk about what they can offer to temporarily avoid a global economic slowdown and an escalation of the trade war,” he said.
Makoto Sengoku, a market analyst at Tokai Tokyo Research Institute, told AFP: “It is hard to tell how the talks will go, but it’s a positive signal that the two countries are looking for some compromise plan. If they were determined to fight it out, they wouldn’t meet.”
US trade policy toward China has been fairly self-contradictory, which reflects the gap of interests between different government branches, said Dong Yan, a senior researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
“As you can see from the previous talks, the US Treasury Department still wanted a negotiated settlement because it sought a sustainable China-US economic relationship, while the Office of the US Trade Representative has been playing tougher with Chinese shipments,” she said.
Dong said there have been some impacts on the real economy in the United States as tariffs have been enacted in the past two months. This has caused opinion disparities among different government departments, multinational companies and business groups within the US, she said.
Export and import of dangerous chemicals is made under the Rotterdam Convention on Prior Informed Consent (PIC). This Convention allows countries to monitor and control the trade and use of certain hazardous chemicals. It puts in place a process where countries that are importing certain dangerous chemicals can refuse them or set out conditions that the imported chemicals must meet.
If you export to countries outside the European Community any chemicals included under this law, you must:
Fill out a notification form (please see the example notification form ) and send it to the Designated National Authority of the Member State in which the export declaration will be lodged.
Comply with any instructions or requests for information required by the importing country - POCH S.A. to be able to sell the dangerous chemicals needs to get the CUSTOMER DECLARATION OF THE FINAL USE OF THE PRODUCT
Under this Regulation all exports of chemicals must be packaged and labelled to at least the same standards as those for sale within the European Community. However, if the chemical is included under the Regulation's Annex, you must notify the Designated National Authority. Annex is divided into three parts. There is a different procedure for chemicals included in each part.
Part 1 lists chemicals that are banned or severely restricted in the EU to protect human health and the environment
Part 3 lists chemicals included under the Rotterdam Convention for the PIC notification and import procedures.
Further information on the PIC process and a link to Annex 1 can be found on the European Database Export Import of Dangerous Chemicals (EDEXIM) The products which are usually sold are: 1,2-Dichloroetan, chloroform or benzene.
If you are exporting a Part 1 chemical to a country outside the EU and it is the first time you have done so, you must notify your Designated National Authority 30 days before the chemical is exported. Thereafter the first export in each calendar year must be notified at least 15 days before the export takes place.
Once the DNA has informed you that your notification is in compliance you can export your chemical after the appropriate time limit has elapsed.
If you are exporting a Part 2 or 3 chemical to a country outside the EU, you must send a notification to the Designated National Authority.
You may be able to export a Part 2 chemical to OECD countries without consent, subject to approval from the DNA, if the chemical is licensed, registered or authorised in that OECD country at the time of importation.
You may be able to export a Part 2 or 3 chemical without consent, subject to approval form the DNA, if there is no response to a request for consent within 60 days and there is evidence from official sources in the importing country to show that the chemical is licensed, registered or authorised.
For all notifications of chemicals listed in Parts 1,2 and 3 an acceptance letter will be sent from the DNA approving the export and listing any conditions that apply to it. A copy of this letter must accompany the export.
Questions and Answers on installation, deployment, management, locking, tranasactions of Servoy Application Server
Cant answer the specific question but had similar issues with the war starting, managed to fix it with this ..
but it is on a weird line, don't you have any exceptions in front of that? Because something is not started (our internal application server instance) that should already be up and running by then for a long time
Yes, nothing works. the war unzips, but nothing seems to be listening. Directory /usr/share/tomcat/.servoy is also empty. Doesn't seem like it gets very far.
also nothing in the tomcat logs? Because it seems to me that the WarClientServletContextListener that is or should be hit the first is not working correctly
So..I'm back trying to get this working on this same server again. This time I've updated to 8.1.2 .
Before that Filter.init() is called the WarClientServletContextListener should be executed first that should bring up the whole application server..
So i really don't understand why the ContextListener is not executed or that you don't see a exception coming from that
of every log file that you could find? So all tomcat logging but also the servoy log file? (i guess thats not really created yet)
i can't do anything with this. because it seems that something fails or really isn't configured correctly like SERVOY_HOME ?
I have the same problem. I'm just trying to set up WAR-Deployment with ANT/Jenkis for fun. So there's no hurry.
I tried it on a local tomcat (not the application-server of the developer, it a separate installation running on localhost:8888) and the WAR-file is running correctly.
Looks like there could be a configuration issue on the remote VM. What did you mean with SERVOY_HOME? The only configuration I did on the tomcat server was to set an admin-role and to liften up the max-upload-size. Is there anything more to do? E.g. read or writing rights for servoy?
that the same thing, there has to be exceptions before that, if you get an exception there on NGClientEntryFilter then it is because the application server of servoy itself didn't start up fully
!!!! I made a post how I solved it in my case. Who is interested, please check PAGE 2!!! on the bottom of this forum. Unbelievable. America first, Gregory second!
I didn't found an exception in the log. But after a while I checked catalina.out file. There it was!
Maybe we need to fail a bit harder then (so the whole context doesn't come up). Problem is that we can't log like we normally do because almost nothing is initialized correctly.
This video shows you how to make a powder carpet deodorizer that can be used over and over again. As a professional carpet cleaner in Tampa FL I deal with some stinky carpets on a regular basis and I use some pretty powerful deodorizing solutions, but this one can help with every day odors in your home.
The primary agent in this carpet deodorizer is baking soda. Baking soda does a good job of absorbing odors, but unfortunately once the baking soda is vacuumed away so are it's deodorizing powers. Most smells do return unless the source of the odors is neutralized or removed. In most cases that requires sanitizing or off gassing the source of the odors.
At Chem-Dry of Tampa FL we use a liquid sanitizer to remove odors and kill the micro organisms that cause them so they don't return. Unfortunately there is no DIY solution for that. Good news though, we can help you get rid of those odors for good. In the mean time this powder carpet deodorizer can help with some odors that might be lingering in your carpet. I recommend letting it sit in your carpet for a few hours before vacuuming though.
App per hotel destinata ad illustrare i servizi offerti e a comunicare ai clienti pacchetti soggiorno. Ha le pagine info, prenota, contatta,offerte; nel di più troviamo immagini notifiche servizi pacchetto vacanze e newswall.
Cdc’s recommendations for one-time hepatitis c virus testing 1 recommendations for the identification of chronic hepatitis c virus infection among persons born during 1945–1965 the recently issued cdc recommendations for hcv testing 1 this meeting report summarizes the ideas, recommendations, and needs identified by panel. Suspected cases of h7n9 virus infection among hospitalized patients with pneumonia were identified through the chinese surveillance system for pneumonia of unknown origin, which was established in. Mycovirology mycovirology is the study of viruses infecting fungi, also called mycoviruses it is a special subdivision of the general field of virology and describes taxonomy, host range, origin and evolution, transmission and movement of mycoviruses and their impact on host phenotype history the first record of an economic impact of mycoviruses on fungi was recorded in cultivated. Researchers use gene editing to eliminate hiv infection in mice the gene editing used in this report is accelerating our work and raising optimism the cure field is in very close contact and. A recent report of zika virus and dengue virus-specific igm in neonates with microcephaly showed the usefulness of testing for zika virus-specific igm 36 we suggest that detection of zika virus-specific igm in serum is a useful alternative when cerebrospinal fluid collection is a challenge.
Infection and autoimmune activity result in inflammation the virus that causes chickenpox and shingles shots is the online channel for health stories from the npr science desk we report. Odh-idcm zika page 1/section 6 revised 1/2018 zika virus disease zika virus infection (zikv) reporting information • class b: report by the end of the next business day after the case or suspected case presents and/or a positive laboratory result to the local public health. Revealed: exactly how zika cripples a fetus - as miami reports more infections and cdc pours $240m into state funding to control the virus usc study released on thursday maps out how zika hjiacks. Reovirus is a highly stable, nonenveloped double-stranded rna virus that results in either an asymptomatic, nonpathogenic infection or mild gastroenteritis in humans approximately 50% of the population possess antibodies to reovirus.
Ransomware victims urged to report infections to federal law enforcement the fbi urges victims to report ransomware incidents to federal law enforcement to help us gain a more comprehensive view of the current threat and its impact on us victims. 7 steps to hepatitis elimination 26 september 2018 - viral hepatitis kills more people than either hiv or malaria, but has historically received less global attention despite its devastating impact on communities around the world. La crosse virus disease (la crosse encephalitis, california encephalitis , lacv) • key fields for odrs reporting include: import status (whether the infection was travel-associated or ohio-acquired), date of illness onset, symptoms, all fields in the la crosse encephalitis. Pathology of ebola virus infection frederick a murphy center for disease control, atlanta, georgia 30333, usa so few specimens of tissue from fatal cases of ebola virus disease have been available for pathologic study that no description can be considered representative, and any analysis of pathogenetic mechanisms should be recognized as speculative. Prrs: the disease, its diagnosis, prevention and control porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome (prrs) can manifest as lowered farrowing rates, a marked increase – nipah virus infection at this time, it is not possible to differentiate vaccinal antibody from that induced by field virus.
At least during the early course of influenza infection, the virus can be found also in the blood and in other body fluids infectivity of influenza virus particles is preserved depending on temperature, ph and salinity of the water, and uv irradiation. Potential molecular mechanisms underlying virus-bacteria within-plant interactions rna silencing is a key mechanism involved in plant-virus interaction (incarbone and dunoyer, 2013)viral dsrna intermediates produced during viral replication are the inducers of anti-viral rna silencing defense mechanism. What is a virus and how do they work in the first video in the series, winchpharma science & health look at viruses, how they infect cells and reproduce, as well as some of the practical uses.
In case of utero infection, infection may occur before birth consequences depend on time of infection, spontaneous abortion, premature birth common viral agents are herpes virus, hepatitis b, unless virus transmits transplacentally. This form is designed for health care providers to report those diseases mandated by title 17, california code of regulations (ccr) failure to report is a misdemeanor (health and safety code § 120295) and is a citable offense under the medical board of california citation and fine program (title 16, ccr, § 136410 and 136411. Emerging infectious diseases constitute a clear and persistent threat to the health and well-being of people and animals around the world the zika virus, which at present appears to be primarily transmitted to humans by infected mosquitos, can cause symptoms including fever, rash, and joint pain. Pea seed-borne mosaic virus (psbmv) is an economically damaging viral pathogen of field peas and lentils that can cause significant losses in seed yield and quality, especially when infections occur before or during bloom.
Antimalware reports - source of infection system center 2012 configuration manager i'm looking for a scep antimalware report that shows the virus name and the source of infected file per-pc for the last 30 days i took some basics from the discussion here .
The new jersey department of health is dispatching a team of infection-control officials and experts to inspect five pediatric facilities next month in the aftermath of two separate viral and.
Bourbon virus (brbv) was first isolated in 2014 from a resident of bourbon county, kansas, usa, who died of the infection in 2015, an ill payne county, oklahoma, resident tested positive for antibodies to brbv, before fully recovering we retrospectively tested for brbv in 39,096 ticks from northwestern missouri, located 240 km from bourbon county, kansas. Infections with the same virus live-attenuated viruses, such as immunization for poliomyelitis live-attenuated vaccines carry the risk of causing the original disease in people with weak immune. Hantavirus-infected deer mice (peromyscus maniculatus) can excrete the virus in their urine, saliva, and droppings infected deer mice live throughout the state and people are at risk for hps in any part of washington. The log only reports start and stop times, and no infections found no idea what's going on, but as i said, while scanning it reports one file infected, then on completion, it reports nothing found no other scan i have run, has found anything, but my machine appears to have slowed down as well.
Synopsys, Inc. has enhanced its DesignWare ARC Data Fusion IP Subsystem with a suite of tightly coupled interface peripherals including pulse density modulation (PDM), I2S and I3C, as well as an audio processing software library to speed application software development. The Data Fusion IP Subsystem is an integrated, pre-verified hardware and software IP product optimized for use in devices requiring minimal energy consumption.
The latest enhancements to the subsystem simplify the implementation of voice and speech functionality in a range of applications such as far-field voice user interfaces and hands-free voice commands. In addition, the standards-compliant MIPI I3C controller enables high data rate transmission for the integration of multiple sensors in a system-on-chip (SoC). The DesignWare ARC Data Fusion IP Subsystem offers the choice of an ARC EM DSP processor (EM5D, EM7D, EM9D or EM11D) and delivers the efficient real-time control and DSP performance required for ultra-low-power IoT applications requiring sensor fusion, audio playback, voice detection and speech recognition.
“The audio, voice and speech requirements of IoT devices demand excellent DSP performance within tight area and power budgets,” said Dr. Alexander Goldin, CEO at Alango Technologies. “The combination of Synopsys’ power-efficient ARC Data Fusion IP Subsystem with our voice enhancement software provides developers with an excellent solution that can be rapidly deployed into SoCs for always-on applications.”
The ARC Data Fusion IP Subsystem processes data from digital and analog sensors with minimal energy consumption, offloading the host processor and enabling more efficient data processing. The fully configurable subsystem, with its choice of power-efficient ARC EM DSP processors, delivers a 2x performance boost for typical signal processing functions such as filtering, matrix operations and complex math compared to other available processors. In addition, the subsystem significantly reduces frequency and memory requirements to run audio codecs and speech/voice communication software, saving energy and costly die area.
The ARC Data Fusion IP Subsystem also includes an audio processing software library of common functions, including gain control, mixer and sample rate converter. Tightly coupled PDM and I2S peripherals simplify integration of external audio devices such as MEMS microphones used for far-field voice user interfaces and hands-free voice commands. The hardware PDM interface implementation is 6x more energy efficient than the equivalent software implementation, with minimal gate count impact.
An optional MIPI I3C master/slave peripheral, compliant with the MIPI Camera Control Interface (CCI), I2C and I3C specifications, provides a high-performance sensor interface. It is equivalent to SPI performance and backward compatible with I2C interfaces. The integrated I3C peripheral and included software driver simplify mobile sensor integration and provide power and area savings over discrete implementations.
In addition, the separately licensable ARC CryptoPack option provides special instructions that accelerate common cryptographic algorithms such as AES, SHA-256, RSA and ECC (elliptic curve cryptography) to deliver up to 7x greater performance compared to software-only implementations. Synopsys’ embARC Open Software Platform gives software developers online access to a comprehensive suite of free and open-source software that accelerates code development for the IP subsystem.
“The proliferation of voice-enabled IoT devices requires designers to incorporate more audio capabilities into their SoCs while maintaining performance efficiency and minimal power consumption,” said John Koeter, vice president of marketing for IP at Synopsys. “With the latest enhancements to the silicon-proven DesignWare ARC Data Fusion IP Subsystem, designers can efficiently integrate the voice and speech functionality required for multi-sensor IoT designs and accelerate their project schedule.”
According to Yole Développement (Yole), the global LiDAR systems’ market for automotive applications, is showing an impressive growth between 2017 and 2023....
This video provides an overview of the AVR-IoT WG Development board. The AVR-IoT WG board was designed to be extremely easy to use, secure and low power. With this device, you will
Mike Mackey from CENTRI Technology, explains key IOT hardware-software security issues from TPM and PUFF to SSH and authentication (IOT Devcon)
The December 2016 monthly tech travelogue visits the Internet of Space technologies and business viability.
2 Bedroom Apartment Layout Ideas #8 - Senior Apartment Floor Plans Whitney Center House Plans was posted in July 21, 2018 at 11:57 pm. If you wish to manage this image as your laptop wallpaper, you may tap the download link at the bottom or you may just right click on the picture at the top and pick "Save Image As" to save the 2 Bedroom Apartment Layout Ideas #8 - Senior Apartment Floor Plans Whitney Center House Plans or by choose the "Set Desktop Background As" choice if your browser has this option. If you could not find the the most outstanding photo you are looking for, you need to go for "Search Column" at top right or browse more image wallpapers which you love. This picture has the photo size is 181kB and the dimension of 1124x816. 2 Bedroom Apartment Layout Ideas #8 - Senior Apartment Floor Plans Whitney Center House Plans has been viewed by 5 visitors and it is an attachment from 2 Bedroom Apartment Layout Ideas.
3. Soundproof: foam concrete is constructed by numerous evenly distributed independent closed-cells; therefore, its noise reduction noise ability is 0.09-0.19%. It is 5 times better than its counterpart, normal cement products. It is a solution for noise irritation.
7. Foam concrete enhances flooring insulation’s stability and lifetime through its compression strength and its chemical make up. Its lifetime is 5-10 times longer than polystyrene
8. Environmental friendly product: foam concrete is composed of plant protein and fiber, hence it is neither toxic nor; however, polystyrene and some other chemical materials release some types of harmful gas.
In Steve Spielberg’s futuristic film, Minority Report, touchscreens become embedded in every aspect of daily life and are controlled with the wave of a hand. Well the future has arrived at UNT Dallas and it will eventually touch every aspect of instruction.
On Friday, October 11th, faculty from Education and Human Services had a first-hand look at SMART’s LightRaise™ touch projectors.
The event was hosted by the Office of Distance Learning and Instructional Technologies and featured training from Summit Integration Systems Education Manager, Patti Postel. Postel stated, “The LightRaise™ 60wi projector is the only interactive projector that provides touch and pen-enabled input, enabling two people to simultaneously write, draw and manipulate content in SMART Notebook™ software or a standard PC operating system.”
According to SMART’s website, the LightRaise™ enables educators to deliver engaging and collaborative content and gives students the ability to interact with material in richer, more engaging ways.
The projector can turn almost any surface, including a dry-erase whiteboard, into an interactive, small-group, collaborative learning space. The projectors have been installed in two classrooms in building one with possibly more in the future.
Senior Technologist, Ted Sanders, who coordinated the project installation said, “This is an exciting time in technology, because we are on the verge of touch-enabled products edging out the traditional mouse and keyboard as the preferred way to engage digital content.”
Associate Professor, Dr. Ratna Narayan and Assistant Professor, Dr. Gwendolyn Johnson, will be the first instructors on campus to use the new SMART-enabled classrooms. Narayan said, "I enjoyed it (the training) and am looking forward to using it with our students." Teacher Education and Administration program chair, Dr. Glenda Moss also attended and expressed the importance of integrating technology future teachers will use into the instructional program. She stated, “We know our teacher education students will encounter this technology in the future, so it’s important for them to be comfortable using it today.”
Dr. Yolanda Columbus, Distance Learning Director said, "This is definitely a game changer. It was evident in our faculty members’ excitement about the potential impact on the learning experience. They are already planning a professional learning community to explore the possibilities.”
Dr. Sheryl Santos-Hatchett, Dean of Education and Human Services also had an opportunity to try out the product. She said, "It can be used to teach content lessons, create new materials on the spot, conduct group conversations with input that can be easily edited, proofed, and even printed from the Smart Board. It is an amazing teaching tool."
- The Improvement of the Partnership of the Social Learning Activity Center with Other Institutions and Programs to Achieve Social Empowerment
Copyright © 2014-2018 APKPure All rights reserved. | DMCA Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Help translate APKPure
Whether you’re the type that shuns carbs or the one that avoids all fat, one food group that’s probably on your radar is protein – but it can be confusing. Not if you read this need-to-know guide
In recent years, protein has become the macronutrient literally on everyone’s lips. But according to new research by Healthista, over 90 per cent of us don’t know how much we need.
Our survey, which was done in association with KIND, polled 1100 women aged 25-65 and found a large proportion of them weren’t clear on sources of protein, with 71% thinking there was more protein in 100 grams of chicken than 100 grams of soya beans (in fact, the soya beans contain 36 grams and the chicken only 31 grams).
Whether you’re a meat eater, a vegetarian or vegan, these are the signs you may not be getting enough protein:
‘Protein slows down the release of sugars into the blood stream, and therefore helps to ensure blood sugars are balanced,’ says leading nutritionist May Simpkin.
‘A low protein, high carb diet will release sugars quickly into the blood stream. Once insulin is released to remove these sugars, cravings will kick in as blood sugars quickly drop’.
If you’re not eating enough protein, your body will have no choice but to break down muscle to ensure its needs, Simpkin asserts, an effect that will be pronounced if you exercise a lot as your body will be using muscle as fuel which is not a good idea.
‘This will result in weakened muscle tone, reduced muscle mass and weak joint support. Without enough protein, your body will also take longer to recover following injury you may also get increased muscle and joint aches,’ says Simpkin.
Okay maybe it’s not that serious but if your hair skin and nails aren’t as radiant as you would like, your protein intake might be the reason.
‘Lack lustre or thinning hair, weak or brittle nails, nail ridges and dry, flaky skin are all initial indicators of lack of protein, as the body is unable to regenerate the cells efficiently to replace dead cells,’ says Simpkin.
Getting sick often is an indicator of poor immune health and can be as a result of lack of proteins, as immune cells are all made up of protein.
‘Without enough protein, immune cells cannot repair and multiply quickly enough to combat bugs and germs,’ says Simpkin.
Can’t concentrate? Blame your lunch. ‘Neurotransmitters such as serotonin and dopamine are all made up of proteins.
‘A lack of protein can lead to low mood, poor concentration and reduced mental alertness and these can also be exacerbated with similar symptoms of poor blood sugar balance if you’re not eating enough protein’.
Can’t sleep? Blame your dinner. Without enough protein, hormone production is compromised and cause imbalances that will ultimately affect sleep quality and disrupt your night’s sleep.
‘Tryptophan is an essential amino acid that helps to induce sleep and eating a little protein around bedtime can help to improve sleep quality,’ says Simpkin. Find tryptophan in protein foods such as seeds and nuts, turkey breast, some cheeses, beans and lentils and eggs.
The release of stress hormones can increase muscle and tissue breakdown and it is important to note that this can be either physical stress (from over-exercising) or emotional stress, Simpkin asserts.
If you’re not getting enough protein in your diet, there will be nothing to rebuild your tissues that are suffering as a result of your stressful lifestyle.
While a third (31%) of survey respondents said they knew protein was good for them but they didn’t know why, a fifth (19%) couldn’t name a single protein benefit.
It’s hard to over-estimate the importance of proteins, says Simpkin. We need protein for virtually every process that takes place in the body.
‘Firstly, protein is an important component of every cell in the body and is an important building block for hair, skin and nails as well as muscle and cartilage.
‘It is therefore crucial for tissue and muscle repair and a deficiency in protein intake will compromise the efficiency of this process. You also need protein to produce enzymes, hormones and neurotransmitters, all essential to the body’s day to day functioning’.
According to government guidelines, your protein consumption should be 0.8g per kilogram of body weight. For an average sedentary woman, this is around 46g of protein per day (56g for men).
‘This is a minimum daily average and should be considered a starting point,’ says Simpkin. ‘Your protein requirement will be based on your personal health goals and lifestyle and factors such as activity levels, age, muscle mass and current health status need to be considered’.
If you’re very active and focusing on resistance training for around an hour a day: 1.2-2.0g/kg of body weight.
If you want to lose weight and training/exercising around three times per week: 1.2-1.5g/kg of body weight.
Eating quality proteins from lean beef, fish, poultry, eggs and diary as well as plant-based sources will provide all the essential amino acids that your body needs to function properly.
‘In nutrition terms, the word ‘essential’ means these amino acids must come from the diet because your body can’t make them,’ says Simpkin.
‘Animal proteins are ‘complete’ proteins as they contain all these essential amino acids, whereas plant proteins are not all complete and will need to be combined to ensure an intake of all the essential amino acids.
Other complete protein combos include: wholegrains such as brown rice and quinoa and beans/pulses such as chickpeas, soybeans and lentils.
‘Foods that provide all eight essential amino acids include meat, fish, chicken, eggs and dairy as well as wholegrains like quinoa and brown rice,’ Simpkin asserts.
Eating eggs and dairy (and fish if you’re a pescatarian) will be a good source of first class protein alongside wholegrains to ensure variety in food choices,’ says Simpkin.
Whilst grains do contain all of these essential amino acids, they are in varying amounts and therefore combining these foods in reasonable quantities will ensure adequate intake of each (see below).
‘Ensure protein from a variety of sources, mixing for example soy foods and grains or beans/pulses where you can,’ Simpkin advises. ‘This will ensure adequate intake of the essential amino acids the body needs’.
Other complete protein combos include: wholegrains such as brown rice and quinoa and beans/pulses such as chickpeas, soybeans and lentils. Adding nuts and seeds will provide varied amino acids and essential fatty acids for optimal health.
Like most of our readers we were baffled by protein – especially when to eat it. The survey results for example, also found that nearly two thirds of us get their protein fix only at dinner.
‘Most people have a huge protein fix at dinner but very little throughout the day,’ says Rick Hay nutritionist and lecturer in weight management at the College of Naturopathic Medicine.
‘This not only puts pressure on the body’s digestion it also doesn’t give your body the best chance to use the protein and break it down into amino acids needed to rebuild and reshape the body.
‘If you have too much protein all at once, your body will likely excrete all those precious amino acids through your poo and may store the excess as fat,’ says Hay.
May Simpkin agrees. ‘Research has shown that eating your protein, spread out throughout the day is more effective when building muscle than eating the majority in the evening meal,’ she explains.
‘Protein is a complex nutrient and requires more energy to break down than carbohydrates,’ says Simpkin. That means simply eating it can boost your metabolic rate, helping with weight loss.
‘Furthermore, as this complex nutrient also takes longer to break down and process as part of the digestion, there is the additional benefit of helping you to feel fuller for longer, curbing cravings and reducing appetite – another good reason to have a little at every meal’.
A 2018 review confirms that there is good evidence to suggest that eating protein pre and/or post workout helps significantly with muscle building.
‘It has also been shown that protein intake immediately after exercise (within 1 hour) plays an important role in ensuring optimal recovery and generally optimizing physical performance,’ says Simpkin.
Still confused? We tasked Healthista Nutritional Director Rick Hay with the job of giving us visual ideas of exactly what to eat if you want to ensure adequate protein intake.
The following calculations have been made for a woman who weight 60kg and is moderately active 2-3 times a week, says Hay.
‘As a rule of thumb aim to eat two palm sizes portions per day whether it be meat, fish, poultry, nuts, tofu, tempeh, beans or pulses,’ says Hay. Then you can add small amounts of protein to other meals.
‘If you’re a meateater this might be chicken or turkey breast as part of lunch and grilled salmon as part of dinner.
‘Meateaters or vegetarians can supplement with a high quality protein bar as a snack or post exercise,’ says Hay.
‘Vegans can try beans on toast for breakfast and lentil, tempeh and vegetable soup/stew or chickpea and tofu veggie curry served with a quinoa/brown rice mix for dinner, Hay asserts.
Rick Hay is an Anti-Ageing and Fitness Nutritionist with many years clinical experience in nutrition, naturopathy, botanical medicine and iridology. He specializes in obesity treatment and weight management. He writes a regular Natural Health and Fitness Blog for Healthista. Find out more at rickhay.co.uk. Follow Rick on Twitter @rickhayuk
May Simpkin is a UK registered practitioner with a Masters Science degree in Personalised Nutrition. She is an experienced clinician, practicing functional medicine from an evidence base, providing the latest research into nutrition.
The suppressor slows the supersonic 9mm round down to subsonic to reduce the noise, by doing this it dropped the pistols max effective range down to 75ft.
The sound suppression was no more than 10-15 rounds, after which the shooter would have to remove and replace the baffles in the weapon. This was due to the rubber washers used in the suppressor would quickly deteriorate after 10- 15 shots making the sound suppression be less effective.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (3) September 2018 (7) July 2018 (2) June 2018 (3) May 2018 (5) April 2018 (2) February 2018 (12) January 2018 (5) October 2017 (5) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (3) June 2017 (5) May 2017 (3) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (1) January 2017 (7) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (8) October 2016 (9) September 2016 (11) August 2016 (17) July 2016 (23) June 2016 (9) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (6) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (14) January 2016 (19) December 2015 (3) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (4) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (3) May 2015 (3) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (6) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (4) December 2014 (9) November 2014 (11) October 2014 (10) September 2014 (3) August 2014 (9) July 2014 (7) June 2014 (16) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (60) March 2014 (83) February 2014 (95) January 2014 (84) December 2013 (98) November 2013 (24) October 2013 (24) September 2013 (14) August 2013 (14) July 2013 (16) June 2013 (13) May 2013 (19) April 2013 (16) March 2013 (17) February 2013 (25) January 2013 (18) December 2012 (13) November 2012 (15) October 2012 (20) September 2012 (17) August 2012 (23) July 2012 (19) June 2012 (13) May 2012 (13) April 2012 (19) March 2012 (21) February 2012 (23) January 2012 (18) December 2011 (20) November 2011 (22) October 2011 (23) September 2011 (18) August 2011 (24) July 2011 (18) June 2011 (23) May 2011 (25) April 2011 (34) March 2011 (30) February 2011 (2)
Copyright 2016 by Atticus James Gearsofguns.com Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer: The editor(s) reserve the right to edit any comments that are found to be abusive, offensive, contain profanity, serves as spam, is largely self-promotional, or displaying attempts to hide irrelevant text links for any purpose.
6 1 introduction subway chain is the third largest fast food chain in the world after mcdonald‟s and kfc the first subway was founded in 1965. Marketing strategies of subway marketing strategies adopted by subway 1 subway is analyzing the food marketing trends and trying to keep up with them conclusion 1 “subway” is facing very hard competition in the market of fresh foods 2 to exist in such environment, it is making new marketing strategies to be in the. Strategic planing and development of subway marketing essay print reference this we can analysis its marketing strategy of subway through 4ps 4ps strategy is very famous strategy, product, price, place and promotions conclusion subway is the leader in selling sandwich market, offering to eat a healthy food. Business expanding plan for subway in china march 10, the identification of the generic strategy will assist the company to clarify the positioning of the brand and the marketing strategies to be adopted to promote the products conclusion in conclusion, with the budget and action designed above the company will be heading toward to a.
Essay about subway's marketing strategies essay about subway's marketing strategies 2919 words aug 22nd, 5 recommendations 5 new product/service 5 marketing strategy 6 conclusion 7 references 8 introduction this report is mainly focusing on studies of marketing strategy by analyzing and discussing the case of zara, we will be able to. Pdf | on mar 5, 2016, nan zhou and others published e-business strategy for subway restaurants for full functionality of researchgate it is necessary to enable javascript. Subway sandwiches, a world-wide franchised restaurant, uses marketing and marketing tools not only for increased sales but to create an image in the consumers mind this essay will define and discuss positioning, as well as a case study on how the subway franchise has positioned their product. Therefore, subway company had to employ the best marketing strategies the slogan for the company is eat fresh in this case, the customers are attracted to the fresh food.
Essays marketing plan: subway franchise marketing plan: subway franchise 38 pages 9153 words this is a preview content a premier membership is required to view the full essay view full essay 1 subway's marketing program addresses health, fresh, custom-made. Subway offers a variety of products under its marketing mix product strategy the first product that subway offered was a submarine sandwich and today the product has diversified offerings it serves in its restaurants as well as takes up catering services. Part of their marketing strategy, subway includes identifying which venues and retail chains would be most amenable to quick-service brands 31 mission “ mission is an organization’s rationale for excising at all and/or its long term strategic direction and/or it’s values its basic function in terms of the products and services the. Subway has used a message of healthiness as the basis of its marketing for more than a decade now yes, it has been 14 years since spokesman jared fogle began to shed pounds. Marketing mix of subway : subway is an american restaurant franchise that primarily sells submarine sandwiches (subs), salads, and personal pizzas it is owned and operated by doctor's associates, inc (dai.
Doing a survey at location where certain race is higher than the rest wouldn't be right to make a conclusion therefore to say the main customer group of subway is chinese is incorrect. The subway effect - in his own words, subway’s chief development officer don fertman explains how the sandwich company’s business model has grown into a global economic force. Analysis subway annette donahue english 112- analysis essay final draft 02/11/09 advertisement or persuasion: is there a difference just imagine, you are driving home from a hard day’s work and before you is a picture of fresh brown oven baked bread, juicy moist dark brown meat balls, and yellow, green, and red fresh vegetables. Subway marketing plan 1 executive summary: subway (restaurants) is an american fast-food franchise owned by doctor’s associates, inc subway was founded by peter buck and fred deluca, with its first restaurant being set up in bridgeport, us in 1965.
Use the following search parameters to narrow your results: subreddit:subreddit find submissions in subreddit author:username find submissions by username site:examplecom fin. Subway business plan the worst thing you can do in preparing a subway business plan is answer the questions in a generic fashion providing only a holistic understanding and delivering universal responses will land your application in the grey among the myriad of other applicants. Tell us in detail how you plan on attaining these goals 5) provide a summary of your marketing plans for your subway business using a calendar, draw up a marketing schedule and budget for the first six (6) months of the operation.
Subway conclusion for marketing strategy introduction the heart concepts of marketing are customers wants, values, communications and relationships marketing is strategically concerned with the direction and scope of the long-term activities performed by a company to obtain a competitive advantage the organization applies its resources.
The campaign comes after a major shift in marketing strategy for the sandwich chain subway announced a new multi-channel marketing campaign thursday the world's largest restaurant chain said the campaign intensifies its proposition to make it what you want.
Fiscal policies are effective in increasing the leakage rates from the circular income flow, thereby rejecting all further additions into this particular flow of income following are a few types of fiscal policies commonly employed: lowering the expenses on governmental level a fall in the borrowing amounts in the government sectors, on an [. Marketing plan 2 marketing plan teresa bowie university of phoenix marketing mkt/421 tracy coomes october 2, 2012 marketing plan: phase ii introduction subway is a growing business with the strength of motivating the world to healthy eating. Subway subway restaurant subway restaurant company is a cutting-edge, fearless operation that is warmhearted and luxurious provides for merchandise as art for subway restaurant additionally exceptional visual pioneering for customers.
an experiment conducted to determine the relation between absorbance and concentrations based on bee
Finished work at 2220 wafak. 2220. Nvr ever tot that I will leave company at this late hour. Planner life it is! xD (darn I got serious headache...T_T)
So yea. I received text at 1800++ to ask for dinner tonite. (Crapz, Boo-boo for a people who have just started their diet plan - m3) Tot I can neglect it and I received call at the next second. So yea, Ding dong here Ding dong there time & location changed from 830pm, KL area, dinner to 10pm Sunway Giza, drinking session.
Face given to the birthday uncle boi - Nkk. 8 of us turn up for the drinking session and Beer Factory is the place.
The drinking session ends at 12++ as everybody is working next day. I received a phone call from my ex-collegemates. WELL. There's another drinking session going on at Sanctuary and they ask me to join. GOSH.
Steuart has worked with three of my horses (all of them mares) and I have been very pleased with his accomplishments with them.
The first was a lovely Trakhener/Thoroughbred that I was planning on eventing so Stuart helped us with both jumping and dressage. Unfortunately she passed away due to lymphoma and Steuart was instrumental in helping me find and purchase my new horse, a Dutch Warmblood that I work with in dressage and also trail ride. He's been a wonderful coach, teaching me how to balance her and discipline her when she needed it (and corrected me when I needed it, too!!!!). My other filly, a very talented Thoroughbred, was started by Steuart when she was 3 and even though she was destined for the race track, Steuart made sure she had the proper foundation so she would be able to have a successful career after her racing days were over. Our trainer at the racetrack and her new owners both credit her training with Steuart for her lovely manners and work ethic She is now a lovely show hunter and her new owners plan to take her to Devon. Steuart has been a huge help to me and I would highly recommend him as an instructor and trainer.
Broken Promises 4-Ever the fourth instalment in the ‘Broken Promises’ franchise by well-known award-winning director, producer, and scriptwriter, Kumaran Naidu, opens in cinemas on 27 July 2018.
The film follows the antics of the Padayachee family and all the favourite characters from the previous movies, Amsugi, Reuben, Saras, Bommi, and others are back.
Broken Promises 4-Ever is a modern take on the dysfunctional family,” says Naidu. “The ‘Broken Promises’ franchise always deals with issues between the mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, which is typical for most Indian homes, and indeed many homes in general. There can never be harmony. I decided to reboot the franchise, keeping the same concept but reversing the roles. The focus is now on the relationship between father-in-law and son-in-law. It also looks at issues between Hindis and Tamils, and between people from different religious backgrounds. Many people will be able to relate to this story as they wonder what the solution will eventually be for a poor couple who basically have everything working against them.”
Amsugi’s (Kogie Naidoo) grandson, Mandoza (Theshen Naicker), is desperate to get married. But he is afraid of making the mistakes his father Reuben (Neel Pillay) made when he met Mandoza’s mother. However, Mandoza is rejected by Skye (Kajol Sewgobind), his girlfriend, as she feels that he needs to ask her father, Kallan (Kumaran Naidu), for permission. Skye is also concerned that they are rushing into things as she has not yet met Mandoza’s family.
A trip to Durban takes place, with everybody excited to receive Mandoza. Unfortunately for him, all his plans to make a good impression on Kallan go down the drain. On top of that, Kallan is not happy about Skye being involved with a non-Christian.
As usual, Amsugi starts her antics again, just as she once did with Natasha, Mandoza’s mother; she not only tells Skye that they need to start preparing for the couple’s wedding, but she also tells her exactly how she should be doing so. Unfortunately for her, Amsugi does not realise that the headstrong Skye is not one to be trifled with.
Naidu shot the film in Verulam, Phoenix, Tongaat and the Durban CBD, holding open auditions for the cast.
“When I cast, I normally have open auditions, allowing anybody, and everybody to showcase their talent,” he says. “I then adapt a specific person to suit a role, or even rewrite the role to suit the person. I believe that the community have great hidden talent and that they need some mentoring to shine in the spotlight. More than 100 people auditioned for the various roles, so we were spoilt for choice. We look for people who can do more than learn the script – we want to see real emotions, the drama and the quirky traits and skills that will add a new dimension to the movie.”
“The Broken Promises films have been extremely popular with audiences who love the crazy comedy of Kumaran Naidu’s approach to storytelling,” says Helen Kuun, MD of Indigenous Film Distribution, which is distributing the film in South Africa. “Although the story revolves around an Indian family, this movie is for a South African audience, and speaks to everyone who has ever had family troubles.”
Proudly South African, the country’s buy local advocacy campaign, is turning its attention to the creative arts and media and the importance that local content creation has on our society and on the economy.
In the exciting build-up to the industry focused Market programme of the Cape Town International Film Market and Festival, a host of interventions such as the Works in Progress program have been announced.
We've all had our fair share of bad dates. But when it comes to the worst of them, few can beat the experiences of poor Buyi Dube in the new film ‘Looking for Love’ by Nigerian-born filmmaker Adze Ugah, which portrays some of the perils of the local dating scene for women who are almost 40. The film opens at cinemas nationwide on 31 August 2018.
Some three decades after ‘Asinamali!’ first appeared on stage at The Market Theatre, Mbongeni Ngema’s play about the lives and suffering of black inmates in an apartheid-era prison has been adapted into a film that is as beautiful as it is still heartbreakingly resonant.
The Gauteng Department of Sport, Arts, Culture & Recreation invites all interested women to apply for the script writing & directing workshop to be held in August.
Fri, 26 Aug 2016 Redhead gay tumblr gay porn guys snapchat gay Teacher Mike Manchester is working late, but he's
Get Redhead gay tumblr gay porn guys snapchat gay Teacher Mike Manchester is working late, but he's tube video
Sun, 13 Nov 2016 Teen gay tumblr gay sex teen snapchat gay boy fuck download It seems he has an emergency and he
Get Teen gay tumblr gay sex teen snapchat gay boy fuck download It seems he has an emergency and he tube video
Content removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.© 2015 Gay-sex-men.net
Welcome to the place, where you will find best hot twink porn videos for free. Hot young gay boys are fucking every free moment, see best gay sex at school, on public, with several classmates, on first dating, in toilet, on the nature, and in other places with different lovers. Free hand selected gay twink movies, must see.
One thing’s for sure, u can take a Czech boy anywhere in the world – in that case the Caribbean – but he’ll still be a Czech boy. In other words, he’ll still be aplete and utter prostitute for manmeat! As that gathering of hyped-up boys from Prague prove time and time other time as they trawl the Dominican Republic for the hardest, horniest activity this the natives can provide. Mike James, Jaro Stone, Sven Laar and new-boy Carl Ross prove this when ites to creaming these dicks, there’s no-one to touch the boys from the Staxus streetwalker factory!
June 2004 is not a month that I will remember with any fondness. The problems started with work. I do need to do some occasionally; otherwise I can’t afford plane fares and convention memberships, let alone pay the rent. For this month I had three projects lined up, worth a total of around $8,000. June was going to put my finances back in order. All three projects got cancelled at the last minute.
Well, I thought, at least I can read a bunch of books, and maybe do some work on the web site. Except that shortly after coming back from Wiscon I went down with a very nasty intestinal bug that at one time had Kevin rushing me to the local hospital to have me checked out for possible appendicitis. Thankfully I don’t appear to need surgery. But I have lost two whole weeks to illness and I’m still not fully fit. Being confined to bed doesn’t worry me. That’s what wireless networking is for. But being unable to stay awake for more than an hour at a time, and having a headache so bad that I can’t read, is exceedingly annoying.
Consequently, there are things missing from this issue. There is no Found in Translation column, and no mainstream novel. This is because the two books in question are works that I had picked up myself out of personal interest rather than works I had promised someone I would review. The books I had in mind for those two columns will get their chance in a later issue.
Fortunately there are many good books in this issue, most notably a new novel from China Miéville. Apologies to UK readers who won’t be able to buy Iron Council until September, but the US edition is out next month so I need to cover the book now. There are lots of other good books too, so I’ll shut up now and let you get on with the reading.
Looking through the past con reviews on the web site, I see that this year marks my sixth Wiscon. It would have been the seventh, except that in 2001 I was unable to attend because I had a visa application pending. So you might get to thinking that there is something good about this convention. You betcha.
To start with, Madison itself is a really nice town. OK, so the airport is small and you have to fly in on connecting services from Minneapolis or Chicago on puddle-jumper planes. But there is great shopping. There are loads of really good restaurants. Lots of bookstores. There is Michaelangelo’s coffee shop. And the hotel is within easy walking distance of everything except the airport (to which it provides a free shuttle). There’s no such thing as a perfect convention town, but Madison is about as close as it gets. And I’m delighted to see that the 2005 World Fantasy Con is going to be in the Wiscon hotel. That’s one I will certainly try to get to.
You may remember that last year I was somewhat disappointed with the quality of the program. I felt that rather too many people had become obsessed with the need to be anti-Bush and had consequently left their critical faculties at the door. There was also some pretty poor moderating, which allowed panels to run away like that. This year, as you will see, I was a lot happier. By the end of the con I thought we’d really got things right again, which is why I was very depressed to read this in Jed Hartman’s con report:
I feel like both on and off the panels there was a lot of knee-jerk and doctrinaire argument, a lot of gratuitous conservative-bashing, not nearly as much awareness as I’d like of differences of opinion or belief. It felt to me like a lot of people were going with the easy answers. What I heard about the religion panel seemed particularly unfortunate in this regard; it sounds like the panel started and ended with the premise that all Christianity is (a) the same, and (b) loathsome. Panels shouldn’t, i.m.o., start out with the answers; they should pose questions, and possibly (sometimes) arrive at answers.
Oh dear, it looks like I was just lucky in my choice of panels. And Susan Marie Groppi had some unpleasant things to say about that religion panel too. Ah well, let’s talk about the good stuff a bit.
Convention opening ceremonies are not the sort of thing I normally go to. They usually comprise of the con committee being nice to the guests, and making a whole bunch of boring but necessary announcements for the benefit of people who have not been to the con before and might not read the newsletter. This time I decided that I would make an exception, and I am very glad that I did.
The dull but worthy bits lasted about 2 minutes. The rest of the event was given to a presentation by the Wiscon players. The story went something like this:
Rick Blaine, a failed Worldcon runner, is so reduced in circumstances as to be running the con suite in a small Madison convention called Conablanca. His only trade is overflow from Wiscon, which is, of course, sold out again. Rick manages to keep body and soul together by running a black market in stolen Wiscon memberships. But of all the con suites in all the cons in the world, who should walk in…
Yes, it is Ilsa. He hasn't seen her since he was running the con suite at Worldcon in Boise. He has dreamed about her ever since. But she has a man in tow. It is the famous spy thriller writer, Victor Lazlo. It turns out that Lazlo is desperate to get to Wiscon. Why? Well I’ll leave it to your imagination as to why guys go to Wiscon. (Hint, it isn’t to pick up girls.) Unfortunately Lazlo’s current publishers are equally desperate to prevent him from getting to Wiscon. Will Rick take their money, or help Isla’s friend?
It was very funny, and extremely clever the way they wove all of the major plot elements of the movie into the skit. And of course it gave them the excuse for a brilliant ending line:
As I understand it, Tracy Benton and Bill Bodden are largely responsible for the script. You can see the whole script (including the explanation as to why Victor wanted to go to Wiscon) here. I shall try very hard to remember this when it comes to nominations for Short Form Best Dramatic Presentation next year.
This one didn’t turn out quite like I had hoped, but then Wiscon isn’t really the place to have in-depth discussions on the meaning of genre. Ben Rosenbaum had been caught a bit on the hop through not having discovered he was supposed to be moderating the panel until a few days before the con (even Wiscon can make the mistake of assuming that all panel participants are intravenously connected to the Internet). Nevertheless he did a fine job at con of finding things to talk about. Most of us had something interesting to say, but I had this sneaking feeling that we were all going in our own directions rather than creating a conversation.
One of the things I talked about on the panel goes back to Matt Cheney's comments on The Light Ages, which I referred to in my personal blog just before the con. Matt takes umbrage at the way reviewers have described The Light Ages as "Dickensian." Sure it is set in 19th Century London, he says, and it talks about factory workers and owners, and how bad social conditions were, but it has none of Dickens’ writing style and none of his larger-than-life characters. To that I would add that MacLeod is on the side of the factory owners, which is a stance I can’t imagine Dickens taking. So how is the book "Dickensian"?
Well, there are two ways in which it is arguably identifiably so. Firstly, as I mentioned above, it has many of the tropes of Dickens’ work. In addition the plot borrows many ideas from Great Expectations. But to use this as a definition of "Dickensian" is rather like Margaret Atwood describing SF as nothing but "talking squids in space." Just as SF is more than just a bunch of tropes, so is Dickens. So thank you, Mr. Cheney, and let’s continue to think of SF as more than just space ships, ray guns and aliens.
I was moderating this one, and once again it suffered from having a bunch of people on the panel who all wanted to talk about different things. Ostensibly the panel was about writers’ blogs, but quite clearly we did not have Neil Gaiman or Cory Doctorow on the panel, or even Justina Robson to do the "blogging is a distraction" thing.
What we did have were a number of people whose writing careers were on the way up (Tim Pratt being the most notable) but whose blogs are not (yet) household names. And we had me, who has no right whatsoever to call herself a writer. There was an argument for talking about how young writers can use blogging as a sort of informal writers’ group. While that would have been a great subject for a focused discussion in a smaller room, only a few of us on the panel had any experience of such things.
Despite all of this the panel chugged along quite well. We found lots of things to talk about, and I created a somewhat chaotic live blog direct from the panel (which was kind of cool to do but difficult if you are trying to moderate as well). I don’t think anyone said anything startlingly new, but we entertained the audience. Talking of which, I was particularly grateful for the presence of Kathryn Cramer in the audience because as the only high profile blogger in the room she was able to bring an interesting perspective to the discussion.
For next year I think that Wiscon should consider doing more focused blogging panels, and here are some suggestions:
Blogging as a literary form – everything from Jim Munroe’s new novel to the diary as literature to whether Belle du Jour is real or fictional;
Blogging as journalism – how does it compare to the traditional media of newspapers and television, what are the pros and cons, how can bloggers become better journalists;
Blogging technology – the "keep Bill Humphries happy" panel. Because if you are a serious blogger, this stuff is important.
Donna Haraway is probably cited more often as an influence on SF then any other academic, which is odd because she’s a biologist. I had never quite understood the attraction of Haraway’s work, at least in part because most of what she writes is completely incomprehensible to people not familiar with the jargon that she uses. I had hoped that this panel would enlighten me. I was deeply disappointed.
On the plus side I now think I have more of a handle on what Haraway is all about, although it is hard to be sure without going back to the source and I still don’t know how to make sense of anything Haraway has written. But basically my understanding is as follows. Haraway is all about being on the edge. She’s not just interested in simple questions like, "what is the difference between a man and woman?" She wants us to ask more difficult questions, such as "what is the difference between a human and an animal?" or "what is the difference between a human and a machine?"It was quite a relief tohear Joan Haran say that, despite what you read in many places, Haraway is not a raving technophile and she doesn’t want us all to become cyborgs.
Being on the edge is, of course, also about asking questions. It is about constantly questioning your assumptions, questioning the way you live, questioning what you are doing. This is clearly a problem for a lot of people, especially at Wiscon where rather too many of the attendees tend to feel that they hold some sort of superior moral position vis-a-vis the rest of society. Haraway, it would appear, is fond of telling her students that no one is innocent. Those of us in Western society spend much of our lives exploiting people in the third world, exploiting the Earth’s natural resources and so on. All of this is true. But I got this distinct impression that both panel and audience were tempted to stop at this point and wallow in guilt and self-pity. There is no way that any of us can both stop being guilty and do anything productive. Sure we can give up everything that we have and go and live off the land in the Australian outback, but even that doesn’t pay for what we have already consumed. The only way to be a successful activist is to come to terms with your guilt and go and do something positive about it.
The real problem with the panel, however, is that as it went on I became more and more convincved that what I was listening to was a pitch for a religious cult. There was no real attempt to expound a consistent Haraway philosophy. Rather we got told parables about the Great Woman’s life and testimony about how She had changed other people’s lives. When, at the end, Emily Pullins said that you shouldn’t even try to read Haraway as a coherent text, you should just read random sentences and meditate upon them, I gave up in disgust. I like to think that Haraway would have been apalled too.
Panels on transgender issues are normally where the Wiscon community tends to turn on itself. We’ve gone well past the days when transsexuals were regarded as "male spies" and banned from feminist meetings, but there is still a way to go in understanding their issues. It has been commonplace up until recently for transsexuals who wanted to be accepted by the feminist community to be forced to agree that there is no medical basis for their condition, because feminist theory holds that there can be no fundamental biological differences between men and women apart from the obvious ones of chomosones, sex organs and reproductive organs. Because of this, many feminists, and pretty much the whole of what has become known as the "transgenderist" movement, has held that gender is a life choice, not a medical or biological condition. Bizarrely this meant that at the same time as claiming that homosexuality could not be "cured", feminists were claiming that transsexuals could be "cured" very easily, simply by choosing a different gender role.
The effect of this on science fiction has been twofold. Firstly it has resulted in books such as Mission Child by Maureen McHugh, which appears to make a case for the claim that transsexualism is an invention of over-zealous male doctors. Secondly it has uncritically accepted works by the likes of John Varley that have essentially trivialized the process of changing gender (whether biological or mental or both). A classic example of this is the characer of Zebra in Al Reynolds’ Chasm City.
This year’s panel at Wiscon, which had two self-identified trans-persons represented, was a breath of fresh air. For once trans-people were allowed to argue their own case, rather than being forced to fit into somebody else’s definition of what they should be. I’m not entirely sure why this should have happened just now. Maybe feminism feels under threat from George Bush and his allies, and realizes that it can’t go around fighting itself when it has such a clear and present enemy. But whatever the reason, I am glad that it has happened.
Next year, however, we could really do with someone on the panel who has chosen to live in the opposite gender but has made a decision not to have any medical intervention. Not all trans-people are the same, and they should not be fighting each other any more than they should be forced to fight feminists.
I was down to moderate this one, and I was terrified. To start with I knew that I had at least three committed Socialists on the panel (the fourth turned out to be a banker, much to my delight). And of course the audience would be full of Socialists, Environmentalists and other persons of the Left. It could so easily have turned into the sort of nightmare panel that Jed Hartman was talking about. But it didn’t.
I take no credit for this, other than having had a quiet word with the panel by email beforehand and asked them to argue their case rather than grandstand. And they did. I should probably have put Matt Austern over my knee and spanked him at one point, but I didn’t because he’d been well behaved the rest of the time. Eleanor Arneson in particular was wonderful. It was a pleasure to have someone else make the case that economics is not a zero sum game.
It was, however, exhausting to moderate. I had a lively and intelligent panel intent on debating issues. Particular thanks here to Lyn Paleo for the continuing riff we had going about the relative benefits of technological and social solutions to society’s problems. We did get rather off the subject of science fiction for a while, but it was really only when Eleanor starting talking about the evils of towing big boats around the Wisconsin countryside that we got seriously sidetracked. (It is interesting to note, by the way, that even at Wiscon you can find Americans prepared to argue for the absolute necessity of owning their own boat, and a huge SUV to tow it around on the couple of weekends a year that they actually use it.)
All in all, however, it went very well. I only had to deal with one person who claimed that by getting rid of economics we could cure society’s ills. And despite the stress I had great fun. It made me feel very positive about Wiscon once again, which is why I was so distressed to hear about the religion panel.
This was one of those panels that was both great fun and hugely disappointing. The fun part was that just about all of us who turned up knew each other well and we had a great chat about reviewing SF. Aside from me, there was David Hartwell, Mike Levy, Joan Gordon, Paul Kincaid and Helen Pilinovsky. And there was Todd, our much appreciated token ordinary convention member, and Mike’s wife, Sandra. It was good, and we probably could have talked for much longer.
Then again, that wasn’t what I was hoping to get from the panel. I was rather hoping that people who wrote, or wanted to write, SF criticism, might turn up to see how they could get published. I know Trent Walters was at the con, as was melymbrosia, and doubtless several other good reviewers. It would have been nice to have had a broader discussion about how and where SF criticism gets published. I guess that, as usual at Wiscon, there was just too much other interesting stuff going on.
For the benefit of those of you who think that Wiscon is made up of a bunch of very serious ultra-feminist types who think that laughter is inappropriate until after the gender war has been won and that fraternizing with men is the height of disloyalty, I bring you the Great Wiscon Campbell Award Smackdown contest. I suspect that this was all Jay Lake’s fault (though everyone seems to be blaming everyone else). But still, we did have three of the five Campbell Award nominees in attendance: Jay himself, David Levine and Tim Pratt. So they decided to fight it out, that being a traditionally boy sort of thing to do. The event was to be decided over a series of bouts of full-contact rock-paper-scissors. Sadly I was busy at the time and didn’t see much of the event, but Frank Wu has pictures and commentary on his web site. Yes, you too can see David Levine without his shirt on. Which doubtless explains why he won.
The primary reason that the Tiptree Award can afford to give a $1000 prize to the winner is the amount of money raised by the Tiptree Auction at Wiscon every year. I generally do my best to avoid this event because there are always some really neat items on offer and they always go for far more than I can possibly afford. I didn’t even look at the items on offer this year, except of course for the fabulous "Wonder Woman and Supergirl Get Married" Barbie set. But, given that there is absolutely no action in the parties whatsoever until the auction turns out, I did venture downstairs briefly to see what was happening.
Well, it was the usual stuff. Strange and amusing things were being paraded around the audience. People paid lots of money for them. Someone had clearly been wearing a giant chicken suit, and given that Ellen Klages was, as usual, in charge of the stage, I was pretty sure who it was. Little Elizabeth Hartwell tried very hard to buy something, but much to David’s relief Ellen declared that, "Eh! Eh!" did not constitute a recognizable number and was therefore not a valid bid. Someone in the audience offered to give money if Ellen would take her shirt off. Ellen said she wanted at least $150. The chicken head was passed around the audience to collect cash. Everything was proceeding as normal, so I left them to it.
There were parties: lots of them. Some deserve special mention. My Party of the Night on Friday went to Leslie What and Timmy Duchamp. In honor of Leslie’s new novel, Olympic Games, they had provided a table full of excellent Greek snacks. Stuffed vine leaves, yum! Small Beer Press rather appropriately did good beer. Madison’s other SF convention, OdysseyCon, has a cow mascot, and to help recoup costs their party had a "cow tipping jar." This will only make sense if you are up on strange Mid-Western hobbies. If you are not you really, really don’t want to know.
Saturday night saw the annual Tor party. I generally exclude them from the Party of the Night competition because they can afford to hire caterers, but the party was notable for me in another way. The Tor folks always decorate their room with covers from recently published books. I was browsing along the walls to see if there was anything interesting that I had not read when I came across the US edition of Neal Asher’s excellent novel, The Skinner. There on the back cover was a piece of text I recognized, because I had written it. This is, I believe, the first time ever that an extract from an Emerald City review has appeared on a book’s cover blurb. I was delighted. Somehow it made what I do seem serious and worthwhile rather than just a silly old fanzine. As David Hartwell said when I went to thank him for using my words, I have now become a quotable source. Wow!
Of course they got the web site URL wrong: they printed it as emeraldcity.com, but that’s publishers for you. I would have that URL, but it was taken before I started the zine (let alone before I discovered the Web) and I can’t afford to buy it from the current owners.
Saturday’s Party of the Night was undoubtedly the Yokohama in 2007 event. I didn’t learn much about the Japanese Worldcon bid (indeed the lack of information was rather worrying), but I got some fascinating sushi. Tom Becker and his team had been up early that morning and had gone around the Farmers’ Market (in the pouring rain) looking for interesting Wisconsin delicacies to use in sushi-making (C/a/l/i/f/o/r/n/i/a Gender Rolls, of course).
Some of the fare was fairly traditional. Carrot and asparagus fillings were not too out of place. Other types were very successful: the smoked trout and the garlic shitake. But it was the weird stuff that really caight the eye. Summer sausage sushi sadly does not work, because the sausage is just too chewy. Rhubarb sushi was far too sweet for my taste, but I did find people who had enjoyed it. Scarily cheese curd sushi worked remarkably well.
Sunday was dominated by the Pirate Party. Pirates are obviously the in thing this year (couldn’t be anything to do with Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom, could it?) and Wiscon was not to be left out. In particular it gave Ellen Kushner and friends a good opportunity for an impromptu filking session. You want sea shanties? We got sea shanties. Admittedly they did have some strange verses to "What Shall We Do With a Drunken Sailor." I’d not heard the one that goes, "Dress him like a girl and take some pictures" before. But hey, it was Wiscon, we do those sorts of things there.
Sunday night also saw the dessert banquet, Guest of Honor speeches and Tiptree ceremony. Patricia McKillip had clearly been handed the comedy slot, and she produced a fine speech about where authors get their ideas from. There were lots of amusing anecdotes. And those of you planning on a successful authorial career should be aware that two very important things you need are to be desperate for the money and to be set a tough deadline.
In stark contrast Eleanor Arneson produced the traditional political speech. Naturally it went down very well, and I was surprised at how much of it I agreed with. Arneson, like China Miéville, is clearly the type of person who thinks very deeply about their Socialist beliefs and whose ideas are therefore free of the usual naïve wish-fulfillment.
The Tiptree ceremony went very well, with John Kessel’s daughter, Emma, doing a fine job of transferring the Tiptree Tiara from her father to the new Year King (see photos). To my surprise and delight, Matt Ruff said in his speech that he had always viewed Set This House in Order as a science fiction novel and was disappointed at how little attention it had got from the SF community. Hopefully winning the Tiptree will have put that right for him.
Last year seriously shook my faith in Wiscon and made me wonder whether it was worth going back simply to hear a bunch of people rant and whine about how terrible Bush is. Possibly my view of the con was colored by the fact that I was following China around a lot, and the poor guy was clearly a magnet for anyone who wanted to have a rant. This year I managed to get to a better set of panels and enjoyed myself much more. But it is clear from what Jed and Susan have said that some panels went very bad indeed. Therefore there must be more work to be done.
I’m all in favor of having a feminist science fiction convention. And I don’t particularly mind it being full of Socialists and Environmentalists, even if many of them are dreadfully naïve and absolutely convinced of their own moral superiority. It is certainly better than having to mix with a bunch of extremist Libertarian jerks going on about how good it is to be able to shoot people who get in your way. But having a feminist science fiction convention that doesn’t question its own beliefs, that refuses to listen to outsiders, and that acts as a huge group hug session designed to reinforce its members’ own prejudices, does nothing to further science fiction, or society at large. Wiscon should always remember that.
China Miéville’s new novel, Iron Council, is best experienced raw. Almost any review that you read of it will give away several of the surprises that Miéville has in store for you during the book. It simply isn’t possible to talk about the book otherwise. If you are prepared to take my word for it that it is really good, then just go out and buy a copy, and avoid all reviews until you have finished it. But if you really must read a review first, here’s my attempt to say as much as I can with as few spoilers as possible.
New Crobuzon: another day. The sun rises over Perdido Street Station, casting a bloody pallor over the Tar and Canker rivers. The Remade clank to work in the factories. Other, more conventional beings follow, if they are lucky and still have jobs. The greatest city in the world has fallen upon hard times. The war with Tesh is going badly, sucking the strength out of the economy. Capitalism, unrestrained by competition and crippled by corruption, is falling apart at the seams. Even once mighty companies such as the Transcontinental Railroad Trust are slipping into bankruptcy.
Ori Ciuraz knows that something needs to be done. His friends in revolutionary movements such as the Runagate Rampants do nothing but talk. What the city needs is direct action, something to inspire the people and make them rise up. There is a new revolutionary group in town, one that believes in hitting the rich where it hurts. Parliament, of course, brands Toro and his gang as criminals, murderers. And so they are, but at least they are Doing Something. As far as Ori is concerned, desperate measures are called for.
Other people have a rather different kind of desperation in mind. Judah Low, the golem-maker, has set off into the wilds in search of hope. Cutter and his band of revolutionary companions are following him. Each has their reasons, but above all they want what Judah wants, they want to find a myth, and they want it to be true. For Judah claims to be possessed of ancient knowledge, something that Parliament is so frightened of that it will send large troops of militia out after him. Judah thinks that he knows how to find Iron Council.
Those who were disappointed that The Scar took us away from the despoiled gothic pustulence that is New Crobuzon will be delighted by Iron Council. The city is back, uglier than ever. Those who have complained that Miéville puts little of his politics in his books (though that is not true, they just haven’t noticed it) will be delighted with this tale of political activism and revolution. Those who just love Miéville’s runaway inventiveness will be paralyzed with ecstasy as Cutter and his crew traipse through the wilds of Bas-Lag, encountering one marvelous beast after another.
In a zone of dead, bleached trees, an ursine thing, unclear and engorged with changing shapes and colours, reeled out of the brush toward them. They screamed, except Pomeroy who fired into the creature’s chest. With a soft explosion it burst into scores of birds and hundreds of bottleglass flies, which circled them in the air and recongealed beyond them as the beast. It shuffled from them. Now they could see the feathers and wing cases that made up its pelt.
Structurally, Iron Council is a sandwich. The front and back thirds of the book chop back between the viewpoints of Cutter and Ori, the former part setting the scene, the latter building to a stunning climax. The central third, which I suspect many will find over-long because it lacks the frenetic pace of the other sections, tells the decades-old backstory of Judah Low, how he came by his magical powers, and how Iron Council came into being. Miéville uses it at least in part to have fun with genre, because much of the action is set out in the wild west of Bas-Lag, along the construction line of the Transcontinental Railway. There are cowboys, there are gamblers, there are whores. It is all very desperado.
But there are workers too. The whole economy is dependent not on cows, but on the railroad, on the investment of Weather Wrightby and his company. If things go badly back in the money markets of New Crobuzon then things go far worse out at the railhead. And that far away from the city, it is rather easier to call a strike.
Its headlamps were eyes now, predictably, bristling with thick wire lashes, its cowcatcher a jawful of protruding teeth. The huge tusks of wilderness animals were strapped and bolted to them. The front nub of its chimney wore a huge welded nose, the smokestack ajut from it in nonsense anatomy. Sharpened girders gave it horns.
I suspect that Iron Council will attract more debate than any of Miéville’s previous books, simply because the politics is so much more overt. Parts of it remind me of my own days in student politics. The Rungate Rampants are reminiscent of the Socialist Workers’ Party, forever holding caucuses, producing and distributing newspapers and pamphlets. Toro and his crew are more like the International Marxist Group, heading off to demonstrations with their studded boots, baseball bats and hard hats looking for some "bovver". Which is the correct way to further the revolution? Miéville doubtless has his views, but he has his characters argue the point forcibly before showing us how things turn out.
The GLBT community will be pleased to hear that a major theme of Iron Council is a gay love story. I suspect that they will be mostly pleased. Drag queens may be a little less impressed with their portrayal in the book. There will be discussion. There will be argument. But then the whole book is shot through with argument.
"They want you to think that. If there’s no Iron Council, then we ain’t never took power. But if there is, and there is, we did it before, we can do it again."
What I like most about the book is that the sentimentality, such as there is, is in the right place. While there may be starry-eyed talk of the purpose of revolution, there is no disguising the ugliness of its process. When things get bad in New Crobuzon, the working classes don’t raise the red flag and man the barricades, they seek out defenseless foreigners and massacre them. The New Quill Party is Miéville’s version of the British National Party. In a beautiful piece of imagery their uniform is not shaved heads, braces and Doc Marten’s, it is pinstripe suits and bowler hats, evoking both the City Gentleman and A Clockwork Orange.
The book’s argument, which is made very forcibly, is that solidarity is not a moral choice, it is a necessity. Revolution cannot succeed without it. Equally, every revolution has its traitors, and every revolution has someone seeking to turn civil disruption to their advantage. And finally, there is no shining path of dialectics on which the true believers can ride to victory. If you want a revolution to work, you have to fight for it, and die for it. And even then it may not succeed.
What I liked least about the book is that New Crobuzon and its minions are so unutterably nasty. That is perhaps understandable with Mayor Stem-Fulcher, but there is a squad of militia that tracks our heroes half way across the world through unimaginable dangers. Surely they must have in some way believed in what they were doing, rather than relying solely on the vituperative arrogance they get for a farewell speech.
In the end, however, it all comes back to Lampesuda: "all things must change so that things can remain the same." Consider three books. In Lucifer’s Dragon Jon Courtenay Grimwood stages a revolution where the good guys win and, as a result of their victory, discover that they have become The Government. In The Light Ages, Ian MacLeod cheats by hauling in a miracle so that conservatism can triumph and radicalism be painted foolish. Miéville, as you might expect, is not so enamored of Lampesuda’s fatalism. The message that I get from Iron Council is that if things change, if only for a moment, then nothing is ever the same again. No one knows where the rails of history will take us, but we know where they have been. And if we record that somehow, perhaps in a book, then in some little corner of the world there will always be hope.
This has been a public service announcement on behalf of the Send A Hugo To China Campaign. We now return you to your normal programming.
Imagine a world where speaking or writing words can literally and directly make things happen, where getting one of those words wrong can wreak unbelievable havoc, but where with the right spell you can summon immensely powerful agencies to work your will. Imagine further that this world is administered: there is an extensive division of labour, among the magicians themselves and between the magicians and those who coordinate their activity. It’s bureaucratic, and also (therefore) chaotic, and it is full of people at desks muttering curses and writing invocations, all beavering away at a small part of the big picture. The coordinators, because they don’t understand what’s going on, are easy prey for smooth talking preachers of bizarre cults that demand arbitrary sacrifices and vanish with large amounts of money. Welcome to the IT department.
Ah, but is it IT that sounds like magic, or magic that sounds like IT? Suppose that Alan Turing really had completed his theorem on "Phase Conjugate Grammars for Extradimensional Summoning." Suppose that you had read Knuth’s secret fourth volume of The Art of Computer Programming, the one dealing with Turing’s theorem. Suppose also that you were familiar with the works of IT pioneers such as Dee, Crowley and Al-Hazred. Then you would probably be a threat to national security of such monumental proportions that you would have little choice but to join The Laundry or face summary execution.
"Nobody even noticed me until I’d worked out the geometry curve iteration method for invoking Nyarlathotep and nearly wiped out Birmingham by accident. Then they came and offered me a post of Senior Scientific Officer and made it clear that ‘no’ wasn’t on the list of acceptable answers."
If you are thinking that Charlie Stross’s new book, The Atrocity Archives, sounds a bit like a Marcus Rowland Call of Cthulhu scenario only without the Nazi nuns on motorbikes then you’d be dead right. Except that it does have Nazis, they just aren’t nuns on motorbikes. If you are also thinking that it reminds you of Tim Powers’ superb novel, Declare, then you would be right also. Stross makes a point of noting in an afterword that he was made aware of Declare while writing the book and made a point of not reading it until he was done, just in case. Having now read Powers’ novel, Stross notes that his book is to Len Deighton as Declare is to John Le Carre; it is a different sort of spy story, and he’s quite right there. I should also note that word for word, character for character, Declare is a much better piece of literature. But wacky idea for wacky idea, fabulous pseudo-science justification for fabulous pseudo-science justification, Stross’s book is streets ahead as a marketable concept. That it should be being published by an American small press speaks volumes for the lack of talent-spotting ability of the British publishing industry.
But let’s get back to the book. The Atrocity Archives is actually two stories bound together. The first, "The Atrocity Archive" (no final ‘s’) is a blessedly short 200 page novel which introduces us to the concept of The Laundry, a super-secret British Intelligence unit devoted to protecting Her Majesty’s Kingdom from tentacled beings from beyond the stars. It has computers, it has Nazis, it has an atom bomb and it is really quite deliciously silly. There is also "The Concrete Jungle", a cautionary tale about Milton Keynes and concrete cows, Ken MacLeod’s introduction (quoted above), an essay by Stross on the origins of the stories, and a helpfully glossary of acronyms (MI5, GCHQ, NSA, SAS, CPU, TLA and so on).
If I have a concern about the book it is mainly about gender roles. The primary female characters in the stories fall into three main classes: drop-dead-gorgeous-love-interest (who spends all her time screaming and getting kidnapped), action-babe (as per Alias and many other TV shows) and bitch-boss. I suspect that Stross has suffered from bitch-boss syndrome in the past. It is, after all, not at all unknown. But the way it is used in the book, and some of the things Stross says in his essay, remind me strongly of that old saw about division of labor in married couples. The men worry about important things like whether the Chancellor should raise interest rates, who will win the FA Cup and how to protect the nation from tentacled monstrosities; and the women worry about trivial nonsense such as whether they have enough money to pay the rent and what they will have for dinner. There is a definite air of "the women want to prevent us from playing with our toys" air about The Atrocity Archives. But the toys are so much fun that you can’t imagine why any sane person would not want to play with them.
Other than that, no complaints. Stross’s knowledge of computing is top notch, which is understandable as he used to be a programmer and then a computer journalist. His historical research is excellent. His geeky knowledge of hardware of all types is way beyond anything that I might expect (and most of the time confined to relatively short bursts of expository enthusiasm). He even manages to prove that the Iraqis didn’t have access to any serious weapons of mass destruction.
"He means that the Mukhabarat simply don’t have the technology to summon an incubus. Nor do they generally manage incarnations that leave Precambrian slime all over the carpet; about all they’re up to is interrogation and compulsion of watchers and a little bit of judicious torture. No real control of phase-space geometry, no Enochian deep grammar parse-tree generators – at least none that we’ve seen the source code to."
After all, the universe is an infinite place, and other dimensions are closer than you might think. The many-angled ones lurk at the bottom of the Mandlebrot set, and they have infinite patience. Sooner or later, someone will open a gate, and if The Laundry isn’t there to close it up again very quickly then the spawn of Cthulhu might get to eat our brains at last.
A mind is a dangerous thing to taste, and sometimes – only sometimes – things come out of the woodwork that like the flavour of our thoughts.
This review has been classified under Section Three of the Official Secrets Act. By reading it you have, de facto, consented to sign that section, in blood. Please report to Mornington Crescent underground station in London. You will be collected. Do not speak to anyone concerning what you have just read.
As regular readers will know, I’m not a great fan of horror fiction. Splatter doesn’t do anything for me. I really don’t see the point. But horror doesn’t have to mean a body count that exceeds the page count, or enough blood to feed a legion of vampires for eternity. With his new novel, Perfect Circle, Sean Stewart shows that horror can be very simple and very effective.
Of course if you are going to write horror it does help to set it in Texas. I’m sure that people are going to write to me and complain that Texas is a perfectly wonderful place, but as far as I am concerned just about everything about Texan culture (at least as portrayed by Stewart, who does have the advantage of having lived there) can easily be turned to use in a horror story. You have a macho obsession with guns, you have widespread devotion to thought-free philosophies such as evangelical Christianity and patriotism, and you have Family. Just about the only thing that is missing is Catbert the Evil Human Resources Director. Shudder.
One of the big drawbacks with being left wing is that you aren’t supposed to want to blow shit up, which is purely unnatural in any full-blooded Texan male. My feeling is, if you are a James Taylor/Simon and Garfunkel liberal, you definitely aren’t allowed to pick up a gun, but those of us in the Sex Pistols/Buttonhole Surfers crowd get a little more leeway for random acts of violence.
Stewart, however, is content to mostly work with more traditional horror themes. Sure he has macho and guns and a dysfunctional, white trash background for his characters. But his main frame of reference is that of the ghost story. Ghosts are, after all, seriously good horror material. To start with they are dead, so it is kind of hard to get rid of them. Stakes through the heart and silver bullets don’t really cut it. And of course in order to get to be ghosts they must have died horribly. Best of all, ghosts really hate the living, especially those who might have had something to do with said horrible demise. Over all else, ghosts want revenge. They want people to suffer.
Texas, of course, is just full of people who have been shot in a quarrel, or rundown by SUVs, or raped and murdered, or blown up in refinery accidents. Texas is full of ghosts, and Will Kennedy can see them.
The present is a rope stretched over the past. The secret to walking it is, you never look down. Not for anyone, not even family. The secret is to pretend that you can’t hear the voices of the people who have fallen down there in the dark.
Being able to see ghosts is not good. You end up knowing a whole load of things that other people have no means of knowing. It means you start conversations with people that you can see but others can’t. And of course you become a prime target for any upset ghost wanting to meddle in the affairs of the living. It is hardly surprising that most people you know tend to assume that you are totally crazy.
Maybe a smarter, more together person than Will Kennedy might have been able to cope better. But if you are the sort of guy whose wife divorces him when she gets pregnant because she’d rather raise the child alone than risk you having anything to do with it. If you are the sort of person who gets fired from a succession of ever-more dead-end jobs. If you really can’t cope very well with life, then you are probably not going to cope very well with the dead either.
It would have been easier to believe in happy endings. But not every ending is a happy one, for Christ’s sake. That’s life in the real world. There is a fountain filled with blood.
If Perfect Circle has a flaw at all, it is that it is fairly easy for the reader to guess what the ghosts are up to long before Will does. But then Will isn’t exactly the brightest spark in Texas so perhaps this is understandable. What is much more important, however, is that the story sucks you in, drags you along, even gets you caring about its many-time-loser hero. That’s anxiety at work. All of the best horror fiction works on generating anxiety. You can’t put the book down because you just have to know what is going to happen next. You can’t sleep if you don’t find out. Sean Stewart manages this brilliantly. This is the way that horror fiction should be done.
I think that I would have ended up recommending Lyda Morehouse’s cyber-apocalypse series even if she had made a total hash of the ending. To start with, you just shouldn’t be able to get away with what she has done. It shouldn’t be possible to get published with a cyberpunk detective series in which several of the characters are angels. And even if it was you should not be portraying Gabriel as a black Muslim and Uriel/Ariel as a cross-dressing Buddhist. Nor should you have your angel characters consistently refer to God as "Mother". Not in America, anyway. Someone at RoC had a serious case of suicidal bravery when they bought this series, and I’m so glad that they did.
Of course when Morehouse first started writing this series the prospect of an Evangelical Christian government in the US was a depressing but distant possibility. Now it is very close to reality. And that makes the whole thing much more serious. Up until recently, Morehouse has been able to get away with what she is doing because she has a wonderfully twisted sense of humor. Now, with the series reaching its conclusion, and theocracy on the rise all around the world, she has to say something serious. There has to be a theological message, and it is by no means obvious from the earlier volumes what that is going to be.
But let’s stick with the humor for a little longer. Apocalypse Array opens with the Antichrist (rogue Inquisitor Emmaline McNaughton) getting married to Satan (Sammael Morningstar, as he prefers to be called). This doesn’t happen in just any book, and the characters are well aware of the absurdity of their being joined in holy matrimony.
I watched Emmaline smile and clasp hands with the various celebrities that passed us in waves. Even though Em kept her hair short, the locks above her forehead threatened to twist into three perfectly shaped loops that, at the right angle, looked almost exactly like three sixes. My darling Antichrist, I thought, and leaned over to whisper in her ear our private joke. "You’re the Beast," I told her.
Not standing much of a chance with the religious authorities of her world, Emmaline starts out getting supporters from those segments of humanity who have been forsaken or rejected by traditional religion. She courts the atheists, the gays, the pagans, the Gorgons (victims of the nanotech Medusa Plague). She becomes very popular. To those of us not of a fundamentalist frame of mind she does an awful lot of good. And to the others she simply confirms her status as the Antichrist. I mean, the Antichrist would be in favor of gay marriages, right?
Of course, not everything goes easily for her. Being Evil, Emmaline and Morningstar are both ferociously competitive and somewhat jealous of each other.
Where was this written? I wondered. Where in the Talmud or the Koran or the Bible did it say, "Lo, and Satan fetcheth the coffee for the Antichrist and her minions"?
Meanwhile, Amariah, daughter of the Archangel Michael and former New York cop, Deidre McManus, is growing up. In the last volume, Messiah Node, Michael game his human life to save her and returned to Heaven. If she is to be the new Messiah, Deidre is going to have to guide her through that role by herself. Well, maybe with a bit of help from the expert hacker, Mouse, and maybe from Ariel if she can stop thinking about clothes for more than a few seconds. God, it seems, does not exactly have a very good plan.
Catching up with the rest of the cast, the AIs, Dragon and Page, are rather worried by a new development online. There is a game called Soul Stealer that seems to be eating up more and more processing power. Out in the real world, teenage kids are getting addicted to the game and going missing. Deidre is hired to investigate one such case, and Amariah would seem to be the perfect person to infiltrate the game subculture.
Quite how this had bearing on the End of All Times is by no means clear. Frequent "quotes" from the output of The Fundamentalist Press suggest all sorts of wild theories. But that’s just Morehouse having fun. At some point God’s plan has to be revealed. And the one thing that you have to bear in mind is that She moves in Very Mysterious Ways. Much like the author, really. If you can fathom what Morehouse is up to, well you are doing better than I did. But wrap it up she does, all of a rush in the last few pages. And it is beautiful.
If you are looking for a pair of stereotypes to represent the sex war you can’t do much better than go back to ancient Greece. Zeus and Hera are the archetypal feuding couple. He is a bad-tempered, bullying philanderer. She is vain, nagging and consumed with jealousy and plans for revenge. The ancient Greeks might not have solved the sex war, but they have surely framed the argument. Which makes it entirely appropriate that Zeus and Hera should turn up once again in modern-day new York, as they do in Leslie What’s debut novel, Olympic Games.
Of course the divine couple are by no means the only characters in the book. Much of the action and entertainment is provided by a range of interesting mortals of various types. For example, early in the book, while spying on her husband in insect form, Hera ends up getting raped by a beetle. Being pregnant does help bring her husband back into line for a while, but it also results in a very strange child. Then there is Penelope, the nymph who Zeus seduced back in the old days and who, to save her from Hera’s wrath, he turned into a tree. And then forgot about her for 8,000 years. There is also The Oracle, an old man who can tell the future and therefore knows it is time to pick a successor.
Her son looked straight at her. His eyes were all iris, black, and framed by full dark lashes, and his tongue darted out, as if sniffing the air. When the nurse picked him up to hold against her shoulder for a burp, Hera saw he had a hunchback and scrawny brown wings that wrapped across his back like a cape. His tiny feet were shaped like hooves.
The more human characters include Alexander, a chef at the Parthenon Diner, a restaurant close to Zeus’s apartment. There is Possum, a talented young artist who has spent most of his life cooped up in a remote mountain cabin with his mad mother who encouraged him to walk backwards everywhere. And there is Eddie, 30+ years in body, going on 15 in mind, who likes nothing more than doing the laundry and moving boxes around his father’s grocery store, all to a very rigid schedule.
Much of the book is highly amusing, in part because of the stereotyped sex-war narrative, but also because What has a delightfully down-to-earth view of the world. She has a great time puncturing pretenstions.
The man with crossed eyes was eating the "Healthy Start-Up" breakfast of granola, plain yoghurt, fresh fruit. The Oracle fought not to feel superior. His cinammon roll had been buttery, spicy, and sticky sweet. How could anything be healthier than experiencing the joy of eating?
It would be a mistake, however, to view this book soley as a comedy. Sure it has some great funny moments, but there are two things that set it apart from the usual comedy fantasy fare. The first is that What seems to have an excellent touch for the fantastic. Zeus and Hera, of course, use their powers in crass and selfish ways to satisfy their current whims. Other occurences of magic, however, are much more in keeping with what you’d expect from a high quality urban fantasy such as you might get from Charles De Lint or Terry Windling.
"Dang!" Hera said. "Religion! Why’s it always have to be religion?" Men! They were either porking virgins or founding new religions; never anything in between.
The other important thing about the book is that when it gets to the end all pretence at comedy is dropped. The book has serious points to make about men, gods, personal responsibility and so on, and it makes them well. I don’t expect to see this book on the Hugo shortlist next year, but for a first novel it is pretty impressive. Leslie What is certainly a talent to watch.
If you are going to write a six-volume series it is pretty important that you pace it properly. Chaz Brenchley has set up a whole bunch of plot elements in the early volumes of the Outremer series. By volume five, Hand of the King’s Evil, it is time for him to start doing something with them. Thankfully, he doesn’t disappoint. Let’s briefly review the situation.
Hasan, the Sharai war leader, has sworn to drive all Patrics (including the Surayonese) from Outremer.
De Rance’s daughter, Julianne, has somehow found herself married to both Hasan and a Patric nobleman.
Julianne is best friends with Elisande, the Surayonese princess. Elisande is in love with Marron, the Patric boy possessed by the demonic King’s Daughter. Jemel, the Sharai boy, is also in love with Marron, but Marron loves both Jemel and Sir Anton d’Escrivy, whom Jemel has sworn to kill.
Well, knowing you lot, probably not, but then I haven’t listed all of the complications that Brenchley throws into the pot. Hand of the King’s Evil, however, is all about bringing plot strands together and getting all of the characters together for the climax. Brenchley manages this deftly, even if it does involve moving people quickly by magical means.
The rug beneath them rippled and rose, began to move towards the tent’s doorway. The other men not named, all those haughty and useless sheikhs crowded hastily back to give it room; the crowd outside fell over itself to make way. There would be more quarrels shortly, Elisande thought, unless the wonder of a flying carpet were balm enough to soothe the humiliation of crawling in the dust. Somehow, she doubted it would be.
Along the way there has to be a plot for this volume. That revolves around a crazy prophet, a virulent plague, and something of a zombie army (rather reminiscent of The Unanimous Army from Raphael Carter’s The Fortunate Fall). I’m rather disappointed that Brenchley didn’t make more use of this, because it is a really powerful symbol of religious devotion. But he’s more interested in tricking his heroes into doing something stupid, and of course in tricking his readers into not understanding what he is up to. All of this he does very well. By the end of the book, everything is in place for a titanic conclusion. I wish I didn’t have to wait until next month to read the final volume.
This is probably the most fannish fantasy novel ever written. Which goes right along with Karen Anderson’s comment in her introduction that, "There’s never been a book like this one." Silverlock, by John Myers Myers, is a truly unique work of art, and it is wonderful to see it back in print again.
Many writers have produced books in which the lead characters encounter famous characters from fiction. Some have even name-dropped several characters in the same book. China Miéville’s The Scar, for example, is packed with references to works of nautical fiction. But Silverlock is something quite different. It is not a book set in a story world that happens to contain guest characters from other books. It is a book set entirely in what John Clute might call the Realm of Story.
The lead character, A. Clarence Shaldon, is a gentleman from Chicago with an M.A. in Business Administration. He has probably never read a work of fiction in his life (certainly he recognizes none of the characters whom he encounters). Deciding to take the usual (for him) step of taking a holiday from work, Shaldon is shipwrecked off an unknown island. (His ship is called Naglfar, also the name of the ship that Loki and the giants sail at Ragnarok – this is the start.) Fortunately he is rescued by an itinerant bard whose names include Taliesin and Golias (by which he normally goes) but who hides the fact that his first name is Orpheus. That is part of the guessing game. Before the first chapter is done, the pair witness a great white whale destroy a whaling ship. In quick succession they visit the islands of Circe and Robinson Crusoe. And that is before they get to the mainland.
It is the name-spotting that is the main attraction of Silverlock for fans. If you are a bibliophile with a good memory then it is a wonderful game to play. Of course, as Jerry Pournelle pointed out in his preface to the 1979 edition of the book, it can also be damnably infuriating. If all of your friends are getting the references and you are not, it can be deeply humiliating. But the great delight of the new NESFA Press edition is that it comes complete with a glossary of all of the major references (compiled by fans of the book, naturally). There is even a helpful list of novels, poems and mythological texts used by Myers as source material.
Another thing that will delight fans is the mixing of genres. Nowhere but in Silverlock will you find the story of the Alamo told as Saxon poetry. Indeed, given that one of the lead characters is the world’s greatest bard, there are lots of poems and songs throughout the book. Naturally fans have set some of these to music, the late Bruce Pelz being one of the principal culprits. Sheet music for these filk songs is included in the NESFA Press edition. There is a plethora of other interesting related material as well, including a fair amount of background information about the author.
Of course we should not lose sight of Silverlock as a novel. The basic premise is sound: a boring and colorless businessman learns to appreciate the joy of story. That’s a sentiment that I think every reader of this zine would support. Should you be averse to intellectual games, or allergic to the sort of prose you get in a book first published in 1949, then you may have trouble with the novel. But regardless of all this, Silverlock is a book like no other. It is a book that every lover of fantastical literature should read. And the NESFA Press edition makes the work far more approachable than it was in the past (not to mention that it keeps it in print). What more could you ask for?
Small Beer is an American small press that has been garnering a lot of critical attention. Its books have been nominated for and won the Philip K. Dick Award, it counts Ursula Le Guin amongst its authors, and if that wasn’t enough one of the owners of the company, Kelly Link, is fast becoming one of the top-rated short story writers around. It sounds like a success story. I caught up with Kelly and her partner, Gavin Grant, at Wiscon where their books were selling very quickly.
GG: We met while working in a used-book store in Boston. At some point during that time I started publishing Lady Churchill’s Rosebud Wristlet. My writing career was going nowhere and I wanted to do something to do with fiction, and then Kelly came along and made the magazine better. And it kind of snowballed from there.
KL: We were working at the bookstore, Avenue Victor Hugo, for a number of years. Then Gavin decided to get a temp job because it paid better. That gave him a chance to learn a bit about design, which helped with producing the magazine.
GG: It is one of those things there you need a tag, you need a name, and we didn’t come up with anything great.
KL: It was kind of the same with Lady Churchill’s Rosebud Wristlet. It was a tiny bit jokey, and we couldn’t come up with anything better.
GG: With Lady Churchill’s it was that all the things with "fiction" or "story" or "magazine" or "zine" seemed to be taken. Our ideas became more and more baroque.
CM: Many of the small presses I talk to explain their business plan: they only publish collectibles, or only publish anthologies and collections. You guys seem to publish everything. You have a fiction magazine, you have chapbooks, you have novels, collections and anthologies. Is there a business plan there somewhere?
GG: Sure: we publish good fiction that has been falling through the cracks. We knew of some manuscripts that we thought were wonderful, and were pretty convinced that other people would like too. So the business plan was that the first two books would fund the next ones, and it worked. And, touch wood, it keeps working.
GG: I’m not hugely big into categories. Before I met Kelly I had never been to a convention or anything like that, so I didn’t know the expectations. I came at it more from a background in music zines. I’ve been told that it is a fanzine. I’ve been told that it is a semi-prozine. It is like "slipstream" or "interstitial": point at it and that’s what it is.
KL: We’ve been experimenting with format. Number thirteen we put out perfect bound because we liked the piece of art that we had for the cover. We also printed more of that issue. We figure that Lady Churchill’s is the experimental part of our publishing empire.
CM: I recall from the web site that one issue was mainly reviews of other zines, which is a sort of fanzine thing to do.
CM: You do chapbooks as well. Is this somehow the next step, that if you find a good writer through Lady Churchill’s you’ll do a chapbook?
GG: Some of the chapbooks have grown out of Lady Churchill’s. It is all symbiotic. Some of the stories that are in Trampoline came in as submissions for the chapbook series or for Lady Churchill’s. We just try to find an appropriate home for the material we get.
GG: The chapbooks are specifically to try to introduce people to writers that we would like more attention paid to.
KL: The chapbooks are probably a harder sell than either the zine or the books, because they are the most in-between of anything that we do.
GG: They are a really good way to catch up with someone who has produced only a few stories. Here they all are in one place instead of in all these magazines.
KL: We want the chapbooks to be introductions to writers that we like. But with them, like with Lady Churchill’s, we are always experimenting with fonts and layouts, and that’s stuff that feeds back into the books.
CM: The books have been very successful. Ray Vukcevich got a Phil Dick Award nomination for Meet Me in the Moon Room, and then Carol Emshwiller won it with The Mount. Carol also got a Nebula nomination for The Mount and won a Nebula with one of the stories from Report to the Men’s Club.
GG: It’s been fantastic; although now we are not doing trade paperback originals so we won’t get any more Philip K. Dick nominations.
GG: When we were first starting we thought we might publish Kelly’s book, Stranger Things Happen. But then Kelly suggested that we might publish a collection by Ray Vukcevich because she had been reading his stories down the years. We asked him and he said yes. That made it much more of a real endeavor. Well, obviously it was all real to us, because we were both working full time as well, but by doing Ray’s book we became more serious to other people. And Ray has been fantastic for us.
KL: …that had distribution through Ingram and Baker & Taylor. We are now switching to SCB Distributors, a West Coast-based distributor, so we are now in a catalog and there will be reps going to bookstores pushing our books. We are kind of curious as to how that will go.
GG: We currently have eight titles. There’s one more coming out this year. So we are still a small press but we are getting towards a decent-sized list.
KL: I had read Ursula Le Guin’s translation of Angelica Gorodischer’s "The Natural History of Ferrets," which is one of the stories that makes up Kalpa Imperial, in one of the Starlight anthologies. I absolutely loved it.
GG: We wrote to Ursula to ask if she would write a blurb for The Mount or Report to the Men’s Club. She said that she had just asked Carol to blurb one of her books, and while she loved Carol’s work it didn’t seem right to do mutual blurbs. So we wrote back and said we understood, and by the way did you ever finish translating that book. Six months later…
GG: We’d love to do more translated works, but we don’t speak any foreign languages. So we are needing trusted readers to recommend books to us.
CM: I have the same problem finding books for the "Found in Translation" column in Emerald City, so if you come across any good books do let me know.
KL: It was mostly invitational. But not in the traditional sense of asking authors to write stories. I knew of a lot of stories that I had read and loved but which had not been published. Probably 50% of the book is stories that I knew existed and made me want to put an anthology together.
GG: And then another couple we got as submissions to Lady Churchill’s or the chapbook series. Then we filled it out with a few invitational stories.
KL: Of all of the books that we have, Trampoline is proving the hardest to make money on. It will eventually break even, but not for a while. It was sort of my reward for Stranger Things Happen being so successful. It allowed us to do a project that wasn’t really commercially viable.
GG: He moved publisher, and after he had submitted the book his editor left. You know how these things happen.
KL: He wrote Perfect Circle over four years ago. It has had different titles. It had changed a great number of times. I love it, and when Sean’s editor left HarperCollins I started asking what was going to happen to the book. And eventually we got to publish it.
KL: I read it about seven years ago, after meeting Jennifer Stevenson at ReaderCon. I really liked the book. At the time she had submitted it to Tor. I know it was read by a lot of different editors, but it is a book that doesn’t slot easily into any particular category so it was a very hard sell.
GG: And yet we sent it out to a lot of booksellers, and they know how they are going to sell it. They are loving it.
GG: A reprint line of really good books. At this point it is a wonderful time for readers because so many books are available. The New York Review of Books has a great reprint line. With Print on Demand lots of books are coming back. We are actually going to use regular printing for our books initially, but later keep them in print as long as the authors want them to be using PoD.
GG: Peapod is a way to expand our catalog in a fairly easy way. Also there are some books that we are always pressing into people’s hands saying, "read this."
KL: We will probably start at some point when our existing stocks sell out, but right now we just do very small initial print runs.
GG: Yeah, but the unit cost of PoD is so high that I’ve heard that people have trouble with anthologies. If you have 20 people and you give them two copies each, that’s 40 copies, maybe $240 dollars right there before you’ve even started selling. Our books you can get printed for between $1.50 and $3 each at a minimum run of 2,000. And as I have said the books are continuing to fund each other.
GG: We’ve got all of these freelance writing and editing jobs that we do. And we need to look for some more.
GG: Mike Walsh recommend Pathway Book Service in New Hampshire. They are a fulfillment house. They hold your books for you and supply to distributors, bookshops and to individuals. They are very helpful.
GG: We’ve just signed with SCB, who approached us and asked if we would sign with them. The guy working there had been with PGW, one of the largest independent distributors. He had asked PGW if they would look at us, but we are far too small. They are looking at a million a year revenue before they will take a publisher on. But now through SCB we will be part of the traditional bookselling chain.
GG: We only go to a few. Nowhere near as many as Larry Smith goes to, for example. But we get some of those regular convention dealers to carry our books. We go to three or four cons a year ourselves: Wiscon, Readercon, World Fantasy, maybe one more. We’ll go to Worldcon this year because it is in Boston so it is local.
CM: You are both writers yourselves, and Kelly you are starting to get a lot of critical acclaim. How is that interacting with being a publisher?
KL: I spend most of my time reading books, a smaller percentage of my time on Small Beer, and then an even smaller percentage of my time actually writing. I like books a great deal, but I don’t write as much as other writers do. I like writing and that people like what I do, but a lot of the time it seems less complicated to be presenting people with books that I really loved.
GG: No, no, I was just thinking that one of the reasons that Gardner Dozois recently stepped down as editor of Asimov’s was so that he would get more time to write, which is fantastic. Gordon van Gelder started as a writer and morphed into an editor. I’m just hoping that Kelly doesn’t morph into an editor.
CM: So about these plans for International Conglomerate Alehouse. Do you have a lot of good material lined up? Are you going to become a publishing house supported by a best-selling author?
KL: I keep hoping that Gavin will write a best-selling novel that we can use to seed a lot of publishing projects.
GG: Our aim is to keep going. Because we have worked in bookstores and because we have a lot of friends who had run fantastic magazines like Crank and Century we were very aware of the somewhat common career trajectory of small presses where you burn out for various reasons, usually bankruptcy. So we are trying to be careful. The temptation is just to put six books out, but we can’t do that.
KL: We have at least four or five books lined up that we would like to publish, but we will probably be spacing them out over two years.
GG: We have Carmen Dog by Carol Emshwiller and Naomi Mitchison’s book, Travel Light, both of which we have signed. And we are talking to a great short story writer. Hopefully that will work. And we are looking at various other books, but most of them are not under contract.
GG: Mitchison was a Scottish woman who lived in Africa. She was hugely prolific. She wrote a couple of science fiction novels and quite a few historicals. Travel Light is about a young woman who grows up with dragons and bears, and goes to Constantinople in the 12th Century. It is just an awesome story. I’ve been buying copies of this and sticking it in people’s hands for about four years. I cannot wait to put it out. It is scheduled for Spring 2005, which for us probably means June.
One of the great mysteries of SF publishing is why there is so little SF published in the children’s and young adult markets. Of fantasy there is, of course, a surfeit. Everyone still wants to write the next Harry Potter. But of SF there is very little to be found. It is therefore perhaps appropriate that The Lion and the Unicorn, an academic journal devoted to study of children’s literature, should devote a recent issue to science fiction.
Some of the issues immediately become apparent. Robert Von der Osten, studying the famous Tom Swift series of American children’s books, notes a distinct change in ideology with time. There have been four distinct series of Swift books. The first three all showed the young Swift producing more and more impressive inventions, with a corresponding lack of care about the social and environmental consequences of his work. The most recent series, however, shows Swift repeatedly coming close to causing major disasters through his inventions, thereby sounding a much more cautionary note as to the value of science. Kay Sambell echoes this, noting that most recent children’s SF is set in post-disaster societies. (Sambell makes a specific exception for Philip Reeve’s Mortal Engines, of which more later.) It is as if the adults writing SF for children are convinced that science will destroy the world, and that it is their duty to prepare today’s children for that disaster. Given such an attitude, it throws a whole new light on the supposed "graying of fandom." Who would want to read SF, given that it is so depressing? (Manga, on the other hand, is still full of heroes.)
The most interesting essay in the journal, however, is one by Farah Mendlesohn that postulates a rather different explanation for the lack of children’s SF. It is an argument that is based on definitions of genre. This takes us back to this discussion of genre that I produced following last year’s paper by Gary K. Wolfe at ICFA. It builds on the idea of SF as a literature of rationality, whereas fantasy is essentially a literature of morality. Mendlesohn notes that much of what passes for SF in children’s literature is, in fact, fantasy. This certainly seems true of Mortal Engines from Sambell’s description of the book. While the novel is full of SF-style tropes, the narrative thrust of one of a quest by three children to put right a wrongness in the world. That’s a standard fantasy theme.
Mendlesohn extends Wolfe’s argument using material by Darko Suvin and John Clute. She starts with Suvin’s idea of SF requiring a "novum," something that is different about the world of the book. Whilst this is disturbing to the reader (producing "cognitive estrangement"), SF always follows the introduction of the novum by a rational investigation of its implications, eventually leading to consequences for the world.
M. John Harrison has vigorously argued that what is wrong with most modern fantasy is that it lacks consequences. The hero succeeds because it is held to be morally right that he should do so, and they all live happily ever after. Good fantasy (all the way from The Lord of the Rings to Perdido Street Station) makes the achievement of resolution challenging for the hero, and whilst it may result in the world being put to rights, there are often unfortunate consequences for the hero. Science fiction, on the other hand, must have consequences. If the novum exists, it must somehow change the world. And the point of the novel is to provide a rational argument as to what that change is and why it comes about.
Given this definition of SF, which I happen to think is a good one, Mendlesohn argues that writing SF for children is difficult. Up until the age of around 9 or 10 they are not really equipped for such arguments, partly because consequences are an idea that it takes time and experience to grasp, and partly because adults are so bad at teaching that lesson. Once we get into the young adult age group, Mendlesohn argues, far too many writers seem to believe that what youngsters need are consolatory stories in which the world is put to rights, fantasy style, and consequences do not happen. They specifically opt for a Michael Crichton style approach in which the scientific novum is done away with, rather than absorbed and coped with, by the end of the book. Consequently teenagers with a penchant for SF tend to dive straight into adult works (or rediscover classic works such as the Heinlein juveniles that do have the right style to them).
All of this makes a lot of sense to me (assuming that I have understood Mendlesohn’s argument aright). It also set me off thinking about some of the touchstone books of last year, in particular Pattern Recognition. But, as with any discussion of genre, there are bound to be widely differing opinions floating around. With any luck I might get to hear some of them (hint).
I first picked up a copy of the Small Beer Press anthology, Trampoline, because there were authors in it whose work I wanted to try, which is as good a reason as any for buying an anthology. I confess, however, that on beginning to read the book the first thing I did was turn to the Jeffrey Ford story. Ford is one of those short story writers whose work I almost always enjoy, and I figured he’d get the book off to a good start for me. I was right. "The Yellow Chamber" is a delightful meditation on the absurdities of academic pretension, on quantum physics, and on the nature of unreality. So far so good.
On then to some new names. Glen Hirshberg is a writer of ghost stories who is making a name for himself in the horror community. I can now confirm that this is entirely deserved. You might well think that it is impossible to write a really creepy story set on an idyllic beach in Hawaii, but Hirshberg’s "Shipwreck Beach" is both poignant and entirely free of the expected clichés. Vandana Singh’s story, "The Woman Who Thought She Was a Planet", is perhaps more traditional. I suspect that stories of Indian men who are obsessed by social status, and their bored, neglected wives are commonplace. But at least this story involves an intriguing science-fictional eccentricity rather than adultery, and in any case it is an absolute delight to have someone born in India writing SF for a Western audience. It is a nicely written tale too.
I’ve just about given up on Maureen McHugh. She writes very well about people who have unfortunate lives. We are doubtless supposed to feel guilty and give away all of our ill-gotten comforts to atone for others’ sufferings. But you get to the point with McHugh’s characters where you just want to take them by the shoulders, shake them and yell, "get over it and get on with your life." And you know darn well that if the poor character did so then the author would twist fate to make everything go wrong just to prove the point that everything is hopeless and we are all going to live long in suffering and wish that we could die. "Eight-Legged Story" is about how awful it is to be a stepmother. Contrast it with the blunt, space-born realism and sense of social responsibility of the viewpoint character in Susan Mosser’s "Bumpship". As an exercise, try thinking about how McHugh would have written about the events of "Bumpship".
There are lots of other fine stories in the book, many of which I would class as surreal rather than SF or fantasy. I can see Christopher Rowe’s strange little tale of sailing a cork boat from a creek in rural Kentucky all the way to Paris getting rejected by editor after editor because the action is so clearly infeasible, but it is a fun story anyway. Ditto Ed Park’s odd tale about an archaeological dig staffed by eighteen women all called Tina. Why? Who knows? Who cares? Trampoline is a collection of stories put together by someone who is more interested in questions of style and feel rather than whether the narrative makes logical sense. If you like that sort of thing, you will love this book.
It may help to assume that Jeff Vandermeer is mad. Alternatively you could try assuming that Vandermeer lives in a different part of space-time which is somehow at a tangent to our own and whose inhabitants live lives that have similar effects on the human mind to Lovecraft’s non-Euclidian geometries. Then again you could just accept that Vandermeer is wildly inventive and possessed with the sort of warped imagination that few writers can match. In any event, you will find his new collection, Secret Life, by turns inventive, disturbing, hauntingly beautiful and mind-blowing.
The rabbit was dead. Was white. Was dead. Was six feet long. Supine on the ground. A trace of red against its mouth. A pocket watch half-buried in the sand. Rubbery and indistinct, a blackish waistcoat curled across its midriff. While above us the mountain rose like a threat or a throat.
I could smell the death in its matted fur. I could feel its death in the complete, the utter stillness of the body. The eyes stared out into a great nothing, a vast nowhere.
There are caveats here, however, on this view of Vandermeer as a writer. The first is that he is by no means always weird. There are stories in Secret Life that are set in very recognizable locations: South-East Asia, Peru after the Conquistadors, London during the Blitz, a Central American dictatorship. Sure fantastical things happen in these stories, but they do so simply to make a point about very real world situations. They are the sort of things that a mainstream writer could get away with doing without being thought mad.
Straight to the city’s heart they went, the buildings encroaching on the highway, while beneath their feet four-o’-clocks, cactus blossoms, and sedge weeds thrust up through the cracks in the highway pavement. Scuttling through these miniature oases, anonymous gray lizards waged a war with coppery metal scorpions that pursued with mechanical implacability, their electric stingers singing static to the wind. Con Fegman had shown them one cracked open: beneath the metal exterior lay the red meat of flesh and blood.
Secondly, Vandermeer is not always whimsical. There are very few Ambergris stories in Secret Life, presumably because most of them have already gone into City of Saints and Madmen. There are, however, Veniss stories, and I am beginning to think that Veniss may prove to be a more impressive creation that Ambergris. Stories like the magnificent "Balzac’s War" show that Vandermeer has an excellent grip on the far-future dark science fantasy corner of the genre. I’m also looking forward to learning more about the city of Black, which features in only one story, "The Mansions of the Moon" but which Vandermeer says he has written a lot more about.
The flesh dogs appeared promptly at twilight, bringing silence with them in a black wave. They wore the masks of friends, the guise of family. They jogged and cantered across the fires: fueled by a singleness of purpose, pounding on shadow muscles, ripping swathes of darkness from the night so as to reimagine themselves in night’s image. Eyes like tiny dead violets. An almost-silent ballet of death.
Finally the author’s notes at the end of each story tell us a lot about Vandermeer and the process of writing. It is clear that becoming a top-rated writer is something that Vandermeer has worked very hard at, and of which he now has a deep understanding. I think that if I were ever to go on a creative writing course I would want Jeff Vandermeer to be the tutor.
In the meantime we have Secret Life, a very fine collection of short stories that will probably feature on just about everyone’s "best of 2004" lists come January. Highly recommended.
Lucius Shepard is, I think, a very brave man. There are a lot of dubious things that journalists have to do in order to get stories. I’m not entirely sure I’d want to be in Iraq right now. But I think I would rather be there than do what Shepard did. He was contracted by a magazine to do a story on an organization called the FTRA (Freight Train Riders of America). Talk to certain law enforcement officers and you will be told that this is a well-organized clandestine operation specializing in drug running with close links to the mafia. In actuality they turned out to be more like a dissolute and geographically dispersed biker gang, with neither the money nor the ability to stay sober for short periods that are required to own and maintain a bike. Two things are clear, however. Firstly, in order to gain their confidence and get them to talk to him, Shepard had to be prepared to get as drunk and stoned as the hoboes themselves. And secondly, at any moment one of them was liable to have turned nasty and tried to kill him.
Still, a story is a story, and Shepard duly produced his. What is more, being a writer as well as a journalist, he also produced two more stories, of the fictional type. The whole collection is now available in a single volume from Golden Gryphon called Two Trains Running. And very good it is too.
The non-fiction piece is a fascinating study of a little-known part of American life. Particularly bizarre is the police officer from Spokane who is convinced that the FTRA is the biggest conspiracy since the Rosicrucians and Mafia decided to hook up with Fu Manchu. Having been to Spokane (and briefly to its even less pleasant neighbor, Boise), I can understand this. There are parts of America that would breath a huge sigh of relief if there was a military coup because at last they would be able to get to grips with the fiendish commie subversives in their midst. But the hoboes are fascinating too, particularly the way that they invent new identities for themselves when they begin to ride the rails, as if to protect the core of their being from the person that they must become in order to survive.
As for the fiction, "Over Yonder", by far the longer piece, won the Theodore Sturgeon Award for the best short fiction of 2002 I am at a loss to know how it didn’t even appear on the Hugo nomination long list. The other piece, "Jailbait", is much shorter and unpublished. Both of them are fantasy, of a sort, but of course there’s not an elf in sight. Shepard is a great writer. What more can I say?
With the Hugo voting deadline being only a month away I figured it was about time I got around to reading the rest of the short fiction nominees. As I have mentioned before, all of them are available online via the Noreascon 4 web site. So without any further ado, let’s make a start on the short stories.
"Paying it Forward" by Michael A. Burnstein and "Robots Don’t Cry" by Mike Resnick are sadly both sentimental tosh. This is, apparently, the sort of thing that many Americans love. But for me it sets my teeth on edge as badly as Country & Western music and rings as false as the sugary verses that they put in greetings cards.
"Four Short Novels" by Joe Haldeman is, as it says, a collection of four ideas that Haldeman either doesn’t want to develop or can’t be bothered to take any further. They all revolve around the idea of a world in which immortality is the norm, and Haldeman finds various amusing and absurd ways in which such a world could go wrong. It is quite funny in places, but rather lacking in substance.
David Levine’s "The Tale of the Golden Eagle" is a piece of classic Golden Age space opera that spans the centuries. It is certainly an entertaining story, but as with so much short fiction it still leaves me feeling that there was something lacking.
Which leaves us with Neil Gaiman’s "A Study in Emerald". It doesn’t take a lot of prescience to realize that Neil is going to win, regardless of what any of us pundits say. This isn’t one of his best works, but it is very amusing, especially the newspaper outtakes. I won’t be at all disappointed to see Neil walk off with another rocket.
Kevin loves amusement parks. I am one of those people who only has to look at a fairground ride for her stomach to turn queasy and her face to turn green. However, there is one theme park in the world that both of us can enjoy. Ladies and Gentlemen, I present to you, Bonfante Gardens.
This is a story of two men who loved trees. Chronologically the first of them was Axel Erlandson, a Scandinavian immigrant to California who perfected a technique for training trees to grow in strange and unusual shapes. He could even persuade multiple source trees to graft into each other, separate again as branches, and come back together again. It is a truly amazing feat of horticulture. Back in the 40’s and 50’s, Erlandson ran a "Tree Circus" exhibit in Scott’s Valley. It was never a great success, despite occasional mentions in publications such as Time. When he died in 1964 it was feared that his amazing trees would be lost.
The other hero of our story is Michael Bonfante. The successful owner of a chain of grocery stores (that’s supermarkets for UK readers), Bonfante is also a keen environmentalist. Nearing the latter part of his life, he decided to cash in his fortune and do something to benefit mankind. His project was an ecologically-focused theme park, which he located near the Californian town of Gilroy, some 20 miles or so south of San José. One of the attractions that he determined he must have was Axel Erlandson’s Circus Trees.
So the Circus Trees have a new home, but the story is not all happy. Bonfante’s business acumen with retailing did not extend to amusement parks. Given that the main selling point of such venues is to have a bigger and more frightening ride than anyone else, a park that has calm, quiet rides and lots of educational value is never going to conquer the market. Also Bonfante picked a very poor location that is difficult to find and well off the major tour bus routes. Management of the park has now been subcontracted out to professionals in the business, and that is helping keep it afloat, barely. But it is well worth a visit, and if you happen to be in Northern California I encourage you to take a look.
There are essentially three main attractions to the park. The first is purely horticultural. From the Circus Trees to exotic wild flowers, the park has plenty of things to keep lovers of gardens and landscape happy. My mother would have loved it, save of course of the baking California sun. Then there is the educational aspect. Small huts all around the park show videos explaining various aspects of park operation from the history of the Circus Trees to the very sophisticated water treatment system that the park uses to keep the water clean and yet free of stuff like chlorine. Even the wild bird display is heavily loaded down with environmental messages. Probably the best, if corniest, example of this approach is the fruit and vegetable puppet show that teaches kids about the glories of Californian agriculture to the tune of classic pop songs.
Then there are, of course rides. Most of these are so mild that even I can go on them without suffering motion sickness. There are a train and a monorail, which kept Kevin very happy. And of course there is a (rather tame) roller coaster. If you have very young kids and you do not want to risk them on the big and dangerous rides at places like Great America then Bonfante Gardens might just be the place for you. I have photos online if you’d like to get a preview.
The food is dubious, but then again what did you expect? The price is high at $32, for an adult and $23 for a young kid, but all rides are free once you get inside the park, so it doesn’t work out that badly. We had a fun day out, and I’d be happy to go back again.
I think I am finally getting a handle on how to use the Cheryl’s Mewsings and Emerald City blogs. The Emcit blog really wasn’t doing anything outside of conventions, but it has occurred to me that it does have a bunch of potential uses outside listing awards news.
Firstly I am now getting sent more books than I can handle. This is kind of good for my ego, but bad for my bookshelves and for the publishers who send me stuff. It is especially bad for all of the self-published writers who send me eager email asking me to look at their books, because with around 40-50 SF&F books coming out from major publishers each month they really don’t stand much of a chance. Heck, I’ve recently made a decision not to review a short story collection by Gene Wolfe. Getting a place in Emerald City is hard these days.
But I can at least make a brief blog comment about every book I get sent, and every review request I receive. That way I am at least doing something with the material.
Of course I could always get other people to review books for me, but given that I can’t afford to pay them I can’t for the life of me see why anyone should agree to do that. There are a lot of good SF book reviewers out on the Internet these days, and most of them publish their reviews on their blogs, or in paid markets like Strange Horizons and The Internet Review of Science Fiction, which give them space to write an in-depth review. So, whenever I spot something good, I’m going to post a link to it in the Emcit blog.
The same goes for con reviews. With the prevalence of blogging (including live blogging from the convention) these days I can see that Emerald City’s con reviews are going to end up more as summaries of what a whole bunch of people have said rather than the personal reports that they have been in the past.
Of course if any of you folks happen to spot a good book or convention review (or movie review for that matter) that you think I should be telling people about, please let me know.
And with any luck that should provide me with enough material to keep the Emerald City blog viable. It may not be updated every day, but of course you can always just subscribe to the webfeed so you will know when new postings go up.
The shortlist for the Sunburst Award, Canada's juried fantastic literature prize, has just been released. The finalists are: The Bone House, Luanne Armstrong (New Star Books); Oryx and Crake, Margaret Atwood (McClelland & Stewart); A Place So Foreign and 8 More, Cory Doctorow (Four Walls Eight Windows); Initiation, Virginia Frances Schwartz (Fitzhenry & Whiteside); Blind Lake, Robert Charles Wilson (Tor).
The award is for works by Canadian writers (regardless of where they are published) and carries a CA$1000 prize. I'm delighted to see Blind Lake in the list, though it would be amusing to have Margaret Atwood win just to see whether or not she's prepared to accept the award.
I spent one breakfast at Wiscon talking to Davey Snyder about a convention she is running for Neil Gaiman in Minneapolis this coming November. The con is called Fiddler's Green and it will focus on the Sandman stories. Neil will, of course, be the main Guest of Honor, but Karen Berger (editor), Todd Klein (letterer), Charles Vess and Caitlin Kiernan are also attending, and other famous people well connected with Sandman have been invited and are looking at their over-crowded schedules. For more information about the con see their web site.
Minneapolis on November 12-14 might not seem like the warmest place in the world, but the Millennium Hotel is on Nicollet Mall and is connected to the skyway so you can get to the shops and restaurants in ease and comfort. You need not get cold or hungry, trust me.
The other thing that you may balk at is the price. $100 is not cheap for a small weekend event, but remember that all proceeds from the convention are going to the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund. This is a charity event, and they want your money (as you'll find out when you see some of the stuff they have in the auction).
Norman Cates will be traveling from New Zealand to the Worldcon in Boston, courtesy of DUFF. James Bacon will be heading the same way from Ireland, courtesy of TAFF. Congratulations to both, see you in Boston guys.
Jed Hartman writes to let me know that Terry Bisson’s superb story, "They’re Made Out of Meat", (which he read at the Speculative Literature Foundation event in San Francisco) is available online. You can read it here. Go do so, it is wonderful.
Pat Cadigan announces that her soirees at Borders on Oxford Street will henceforth be on Tuesdays rather than Mondays. The next event will be on June 8th and will feature Cherith Baldry and Michael Marshall.
To nobody’s surprise, a new bid has appeared for the 2008 Worldcon. The antics of the Chicago bid in Toronto so infuriated the rest of SMOFdom that it was only a matter of time before another bid appeared. Not that this one looks entirely serious. The chosen site is the Geneva Palexpo in, yes, Geneva, Switzerland. Consequently the con will be called The Geneva Convention. It will be very civilized. And presumably very clean and tidy. Details of supporting memberships can be found here. So now the only question is, who will be the first fan to be arrested for "un-American activities" for wearing a badge that says, "I Support The Geneva Convention."
Nicholas Whyte has a web page that not only reviews all of the Hugo fiction nominees but points the reader in the direction of many other reviews of the pieces as well. This is an extremely useful resource for anyone with a ballot to fill out.
The Incompleat Bruce Gillespie, a selection of Bruce Gillespie's fanzine writings, is now available from selected fannish outlets around the world. The collection is edited by Australian fan, Irwin Hirsh, and includes the Atheling-winning article "The Non-SF Novels of Philip K Dick", the Fanthology-selected article "Trains in the Distance", and two selections from the long-running "I Must Be Talking to My Friends' column, plus other articles long out of print. There is also an introduction by Dick "Ditmar" Jenssen.
Proceeds from the sales help to fund an air fare so that Bruce can attend Corflu (the fanzine fans’ convention) in San Francisco, February 2005. This is the BBB (Bring Bruce Bayside) Fund.
The collection is available from fans in the USA, UK and Australia. I’m not sure whether they want contact details published, so if you want to order a copy write to me and I'll pass on the contact details.
Barring further unforeseen medical disasters, next issue will include a report on this year’s Finncon (something I am very much looking forward to). On the fiction front we have lined up works from Elizabeth Hand, Robert Freeman Wexler, Patricia McKillip and John Crowley. We have an interview with Wheatland Press. There’s another academic book at about Gene Wolfe, and Ursula Le Guin’s translation of the famous Argentinean novel, Kalpa Imperial. Guess I’d better get reading.
Archive Select Month October 2018 September 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 April 2017 October 2016 July 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 February 2015 December 2014 June 2014 May 2014
Due to the rising fossil fuel prices alternative solutions for energy needs are sought. One of these alternatives may be biomass boilers. And within the existing technologies for obtaining energy from biomass, there are torsional chamber biomass boilers. In this article we explain how it works our retractable combustion heads for biomass boilers.
LOW NOx technology for solar thermal power plants. Within the field of renewable energies, E & M Combustion has developed an intense work in R&D&I and already has an important presence in the sector of solar thermal plants, in which Spain is one of the pioneering countries in this type of technologies.
E & M Combustion has been awarded combustion equipment for the new Ashalim solar thermal plant in Israel, with an output of 121 MW, which will start operations in 2017 with an investment of 1,000 million dollars. The plant, called Ashalim Solar Thermal Power Station, will be located in the Negev desert and provide more clean energy to about 1.2 million households. This is one of the world's largest such projects and will become the first solar thermal plant or Concentrate Solar Power (CSP) developed in Israel by GE and its technology partner BrightSource Energy.
Burners are equipment where combustion takes place. The Low Temperature Industrial Burners made by E & M Combustion represent a new generation of combustion equipment designed for optimum performance with all kinds of liquid and gaseous fuels. They are designed to be the solution in burning traditional fuels such as diesel , natural gas, G.L.P. , and fuel oil , and mixed - gas burners that use gas - diesel and fuel oil.
The latest generation of JBM Burners are used for all types of liquid and gas fuels. The standard range includes burners for traditional fuels, such as gas-oil, natural gas and LPG, fuel oil and combined burners for gas-gas-oil and gas-fuel oil.
| Good Husband Quotes, Quotes About Cheating and Men Who Cheat Cheating is easy Try something more challenging Like being why men cheat quotes about guys cheating funny
Eventually he will realize this, but you cant give in. He isnt going friend is one that knows you as you are, understands where you have No One Understands Me Quotes | No One Understands Me Sayings | No One
understands good. If not then no matter, go right on doing what you St. Thomas Aquinas - To convert somebody, go and take them by the hand The fox gazed at the little prince, for a long time.
Gods Plan Quotes on Pinterest | God Strength Quotes, Quotes About You cant judge me for some of my mistakes, why dont you try looking 93 Depression Quotes (with Images) - Quotes about Depression
you’re bored, text me because I’m the person you want to talk to someone who you can talk to. I miss us and what we had. I want to christian basketball quotes | nike # nike quotes # nikequotes # nike
never shocked when people let me down nowadays. I just hate the -rothstein-businessman-she-hates-me-and-you-hate-me-but-you-all.jpg hate you quotes i hate you quotes hate you
struggle to understand negative, tear you down, mean-spirited Being a real man doesnt mean you sleep with 100 girls. It means you Mature Quotes on Pinterest | Quotes About Maturity, Immature Quotes
humility more life quotes sayings quotes you re wrong picture quotes Sr on Pinterest | Rob Hill, Rob Hill Quotes and Deep Quotes About Life single moment of misunderstanding is so poisonous, that it makes us
Letters to her Soldier by Hazel Gower — Reviews, Discussion PathFinder Ministries: Need a Helping Hand? Posted by Ayodele Peters at 7/05/2012 02:05:00 pm
South Haven Tribune - Schools, Education 2.15.16A sticky They Shall Not Grow Old Kaytek Winner is English Importance of English Communication Skills
Suffocating education suffocates growth, lazy teaching and rote-based Understanding Abraham Maslows Hierarchy of Needs This set would make a great Character Education display a d of
Always Respect Your Teachers..!! Religious Teachings On Social Justice, Helping The Poor (QUOTES Johnson giving a victory speech in City Hall after being elected Mayor
how to start a book club kids Let us learn Anxiety Stress Reduction Strategies But the hard part is skipping foods you love, right? I personally
Best Quotes, Famous Quotes, Amazing Quotations, Authors of Quotes The light which puts out our eyes is darkness to us. Only that day TRUE STORY
South Haven Tribune - Schools, Education 2.15.16A sticky Islam’s Most Sacred Site Good Morning! Enjoy your Friday and have a great weekend! - Images and
Joanne Rowling - British novelist best known as the author of the johnson revenge is an act of passion vengeance of justice Quotes 25+ Cool Wise Sayings about Life
Explore mesmerizing landscapes, vast expanses of ice and unique wildlife in the Polar regions. The North Pole and the South Pole are dominated by polar ice caps, resting on the Arctic Ocean and the continent of Antarctica respectively. Visit the pristine Antarctic coastline, where Emperor penguins freely mingle with those bold enough to explore this truly wild continent or climb to the highest point in the Arctic Circle on the east coast of Greenland.
DVI Male to DVI DVI-D 24+1 Male Gold plated Male to Male 1M 2m 3m DVI Cable for TV Projector Monitor Dual Link Cable
0755-83253362info@yi-links.com Unit 821-05 Baoan bookmall, No. 89 Xinqiao Street, Baoan District, Shenzhen
Trying out something new can be difficult sometimes. There are only a few people in the world that love to go out of their comfort zone and try out new things. Out of all of them, trying out new foods is the hardest. You don’t want to spoil your taste buds or get sick while on vacation which is why it is always better to know stuff about your meal before you try it.
We are lucky that we live in a technological world. There is no place on this planet that hasn’t gotten any reviews from its customers. You can find reviews on all the restaurants that exist which is good because you can see whether the place is good or bad.
Instead of searching the web during your vacation or the best places in town you can simply download some food applications that are available on your smartphones. Just a few clicks and you will find the place to eat that suits your requirements. There are a lot of them which is why we have taken the liberty to create a list of the top ones for you.
Yelp, the first ever restaurant finding application that ever existed. The application offers you over 70 million reviews for restaurants, coffee shops, bars and any other place where you can find something to eat around the globe. You can find a place to eat, get directions and even make reservations.
Most food finding applications allow you to rate the place but FoodSpotting is different. Instead of rating the place, you rate the dish that you like on the app. For example, if you visit the best cafes in Klang and only liked sandwiches at one of them then you can rate those sandwiches. The best part is that the app doesn’t allow negative ratings so it’s a win-win situation for both you and the restaurants.
It is clear from the name that the app gives you places that offer healthy foods around you. not only does it provide you with the menu of the restaurants, but it also gives you the nutritional value of each meal so that you know exactly what you are eating.
The application allows you to host or attend cooking events in an unfamiliar place. It can be a great experience because you get to see how the locals prefer their food and give you the insides about the culture of the place you are visiting.
The name says it all. The app locates all the farmer markets in the US, Canada, U.K and various other places around the globe. So you can eat healthy even when you are away from home on a road trip or vacation with this app.
IExit is your friend on your road trip. The app informs you about the places that are going to arrive at each exit so you know exactly how to plan your trip. From hotels to restaurants, it shows you exactly where you next food break is going to be.
This application gives you the information about the local eating places in town. Instead of the big places, you get to see the small restaurants in the town where you can enjoy the local food with the locals. You can make reservations and request a ride as well from the app.
If you are using an Android mobile but wanted to run iOS apps on your Android device then, this article is surely for you. Thinking about running iOS apps on the android device indicates the love of you for Apple devices.
Anyone can’t really afford Apple devices as they are very high in cost. Well, iOS emulator allows you to run iOS apps on the android device without any difficulty. You also don’t have to pay a single penny to install and run such emulator that will give you Apple device like experience.
Cider APK: It is also sometimes called as Cycada APK. For installing this emulator you must require 512MB free space on your device.
Regardless if you are considering acquiring a canine or you have a single now, you need to know a pet dog demands a large amount of care. You probably won’t learn this within the very best technique to take care of your canine companion. The tips introduced in this article will assist you to to be the ideal pet owner feasible.
It may price a good deal to deal with money to raise a puppy. Pet well being insurance policy petvacationinfo.com can assist; even though you might fork out a monthly or annually fee, depending about the circumstances.
This may present your doggy which the conduct he’s performing just accurately anything you are searching for. In addition it reinforces the reasoning they are going to be rewarded once and for all habits.
Talk to your vet about how much you are going to acquire to feed your dog be ingesting each individual working day. While some people today feed their dogs in accordance with the dog food offer suggestions, they’re often incorrect and could make your doggy overweight. Your vet will provide you with understand what your dog’s particular desires are.
Avoid low cost pet bargain-based foodstuff. Cheap brand names typically contain preservatives such as sodium and various additives that could be harmful for well being. Verify with animal advocacy team for the list of meals that are encouraged by gurus. Your doggy will take pleasure in and benefit a great deal much more from healthier for those who feed it some wholesome food.
Be sure your doggy often has trimmed weekly. If they get started to curve, the result could be distressing accidents for the nail beds as well as your dog’s paws. You should buy clippers and do that at home. In the event you are anxious about executing this, a pet groomer will usually do it in a low price.
Constantly instruct your pet to wander accurately with a leash. This ensures his security and can make sure that the pet isn’t also considerably ahead or powering you.Regardless of whether you continue to use the loose leash walk occasionally, training your canine to heel continues to be an essential job to be a pet owner.
Some doggy breeds are more likely to experience well being troubles. Investigate his ancestry and acquire actions for complications you already know he might be vulnerable to.
Since you have discovered a bit about puppies, it shouldn’t be not easy to take care of them. Remember to like your dog and act calmly and patiently for just a satisfied existence. Ensure you continue on to help keep your information ranges up-to-date about how to care for your doggy.
Posted in Uncategorized Tags: badge maker, buy badges, custom badges, dog badges, dog patches, dog service, id tags, patches, patchs, service dog
For this project I chose to use a penny because it is an unique object, but also one that is often seen in ones life. I was also very curious to see what affects certain chemicals had on the penny, therefore I observed some physical properties of a penny and some chemical properties as well. My results were as follows:
weight: before 1982 a penny weighed 13.1 g and after 1982 it weighed 12.5 g. The reason for this weight difference is because the composition is different between 1982 and present day pennies. Pennies made from 1944-1982 were made out of 95% copper and 5% zinc. Pennies made from 1982-2010 are/were made out 2.5% copper and 97.5% zinc. Thus concluding copper is heavier than zinc.
For the first experiment to test the chemical properties of the penny Katherine and I placed a 2010 penny and a penny before 1982 between two layers of the paper towel, which were coated in vinegar. We let the pennies sit between the layers over night. When we checked the pennies in the morning we discovered that a chemical reaction had occurred. The copper reacted with the vinegar creating a green compound called copper acetate on the top of the penny and heavily around the edges. After researching we learned that that the green residue is also on the statue of liberty, except the statue of liberty is copper sulfate.
When we soaked the pennies in clorox bleach we discovered that a similar chemical reaction occurred when we soaked the pennies in vinegar. A green residue also formed when they were soaked in bleach. Although we do not have proof that this was also the formation of copper acetate. However, there was less green crust on the outside of the penny when it was soaked in bleach than when it was soaked in vinegar.
In our third experiment we decided to soak the pennies in water and leave them over night. Both rusted however, the older penny rusted mores so than the newer one.
For the fourth experiment we soaked the pennies in jewelry cleaner which polished both pennies. Who knew that underneath all that dirt the older penny was almost as shiny as the 2010 penny?
Our last and final experiment is somewhat incomplete. We had heard that if you soaked a penny in coke that eventually the penny would disintegrate and be "eaten" completely by the coke. Fascinated by that we tried it. We discovered that after a day of soaking not much had change. We think that there was a slight change in the size and shape of the penny, but we are unsure if the change was accurate. Katherine and I plan to continue the coke experiment, because we feel that over time it will eventually happen, and we are determined to discover the answer.
It was really helpful that you added the information about the different weights of the pennies before and after 1982 and that you experimented with pennies from different dates. The physical properties were really well done and the chemical properties were very detailed. It would have been a little easier to understand if you made the chemical reaction of each experiment more obvious, but overall you did a really good job. The blog was neat, organized, and easy to follow!
I really liked you blog. It was really cool and creative to do the experiments with different dated pennies, it gives a lot more information to look at! I also liked all the different physical properties you had. It tell us a lot of data that helps us understand you chemical properties. Your chemical changes and reactions were really interesting! It was a very good idea to take pictures of both pennies to show us the difference, and you explained the changes and differences of both very well. Good Job!!!
Emily- your blog is fantastic. That layout is nice and easy to read. The pictures are great, close enough to see the differences in the pennies after the experiments. Good job on citing your information that you got off the internet. Each of your chemical experiments shows a rational thought process to it and explains the experiment well and describes what happened to the penny. With the coke I would have left it in for a longer period of time to see what would happen to it, or if you could not do this find proof that the myth was either true or false. Also I would have tried to explain what had changed with the penny no matter how minor it might have been. Great job!
I got a Kindle Fire last year as part of my efforts to engage viewers on Twitch. The plan was, I’d have my tablet streaming the chat from my channel, so that way I could keep up with what folks were saying whether I was on the PC or my PS4. That plan didn’t work because the Android Twitch app was bugged and wouldn’t show people’s comments. So I’d finish a stream wondering why no one said anything, only to check the channel on my PC and see that folks did try to say hi, and since I didn’t respond, they didn’t bother saying anything else. (And on that note, for the love of God, Twitch fix your shit, PLEASE.)
But after moving to the country, where streaming isn’t possible, (seriously, on a bad day, even YouTube can hang if my husband and I dare to watch videos at the same time) I thought I’d use the tablet to play all the mobile games I’d been missing out on by owning a Windows Phone. (This is the last one. Microsoft gave up on their music service, the only reason I was loyal to them, so fuck them.)
Which leads me to the real meat of my gripe, which is a consistent problem I’ve seen is way too many mobile games. You might think I’m taking about microtransactions or “energy limits” to keep me from playing without sitting through a timer, but neither of those bug me. I don’t worry about microtransactions because I don’t have money to spare on random loot boxes with no guarantee of getting the item or character I want. The timers don’t bother me because I pretty much play solely in the bathroom, and right about the time the game is ready to hold my session hostage, I’m ready to shut it off and get back to work, or back to a game on my PC or console. (Granted, I’m old, so bathroom breaks can sometimes take a while to get everything moving out the back door. But I digress.)
No, the real problem for me is constant downloads. You see a game has a 100 MB install file, and you think that’s big. But then right after you install it, it’s got to download updates, and these can end up being around 300 MB or higher. No sweat, though, it’s all installed and patched so now…no, finish playing the tutorial level and here’s another 300 MB download. Five minutes into a game, it’s already nearing a gigabyte of space for a mobile game with static image cut scenes and “voice acting” like “Ah!” “Aargh!” and “Nani!?” Every time I load up the game, it has to download more, and more and more. No, even worse, I might play one level and instantly get another download, halting my session for several minutes. You thought loading screens on your console were bad because you had to stare at them for a minute? Try waiting ten minutes between levels, and then that one minute wait seems pretty mild in comparison. Continue reading
Tuesday I did something I’ve been contemplating for a long time now, going back to the point that I deleted all my old posts on this blog to start over. I started a new Twitter account, in effect rebooting my social self. Unlike the blog, I did not delete my old account just yet. That will happen in January, and in the meantime, I’m posting notices every day that I’m moving addresses. That way if someone wants to follow me over, they can.
The reason why it took me so long to reach a decision on this is due in most part to my follower count, which at present is 1,947. But lately I’ve come to realize that maybe half of that count is marketing accounts. They started off with people behind them, but then one day the owner of the account decided to use a bot to post ads for their stuff, and they never came back. They don’t engage with anyone, they just toss out the same 5 or 6 tweets every few hours to keep their stuff in the stream. (And by stuff, I mean books, music, and marketing services.) So really, what’s the point of keeping 1,000 followers if they never read what I’m saying day to day?
There’s also a very compelling reason for me to start fresh. More and more often, I see on blogs and in comments that Twitter is regarded as one of the most toxic social sites these days. I think it’s no more or less toxic than, say Facebook or Tumblr, but Twitter stands out more because it’s where so many people go to just rant about everything that’s bugging them. It’s a micro-journal, but I think lots of people end up getting tunnel vision, only using Twitter to air their anger without giving their positive side an equal chance to to be shown. People reading their streams get triggered by that negativity and go on the attack, and soon, it’s all just one big fight that no one can possibly win. Continue reading
So, this post has been going around my head for a few weeks now because I’ve been playing Dragonball Xenoverse 2 a lot, and while it isn’t perfect, it certainly has been enjoyable enough for me to consider it well worth the money I paid for it. I started thinking about how many games I’ve bought this year that start with the Bandai Namco logo; there’s God Eater 2: Rage Burst, a trio of 80s arcade ports for my PS4, and I bought all of Dark Souls AGAIN so I could have them on my PC whenever I felt the urge to try a new run in any of them. Today, I saw the teaser trailer for Dark Souls Remastered, and I know that this means I will again be buying another copy for my PS4, even though I’ve already bought the game twice before.
Add in to this the upcoming Code Vein, Dragonball FighterZ, God Eater 3, and another potential new release from FromSoftware and it becomes clear that Bandai Namco is going to be getting the bulk of my gaming budget for the foreseeable future. I really want to talk about this, about why I like so many of their games and like supporting their releases sight unseen where with most other publishers I have to be convinced by reviews and Lets Play videos before I will consider opening my wallet.
First of all, I think a lot of this has to do with my experiences playing games and memorizing who published what. Publishing a game is not the same thing as making it. For instance, Bandai Namco did not make the Dark Souls series. That honor goes to FromSoftware, but Bandai Namco has such an amazing plethora of game companies working with them, and each time I see that logo at the start of a game, it give me a positive impression that I’m going to be playing something good. It might be a fighting game, or an arcade port, or a hack and slash “RPG.” (I still dislike calling these games RPGs because my decisions don’t really alter the story, and I rarely have any sense of agency with my characters. The only role play in them is choosing where to spend my skill points, and while that affects how I fight in the game, it does not change the story or the outcome.) No matter what style of game it is, seeing that logo tells me “This is gonna be something good.” Continue reading
These past few weeks, I’ve been playing around with Twitch and YouTube, trying to stream games to them. This has not worked out well because our internet connection is pure shit. We’re working on getting that fixed, and today we signed a contract with another provider who in theory will be installing a fiber optic line in the next few weeks. (I say in theory because transitioning from one provider to another in Italy can sometimes take several months.) In the meantime, I can’t really stream without the video quality being horrid.
However, I got in my new PC, and I can record videos to the hard drive and upload them to both Twitch and YouTube. The quality is much better, and now you can see me play games instead of just talking about them in my reviews. I’m starting off with Dark Souls because I apparently still haven’t gotten tired of it.
You can watch my videos on Twitch or YouTube, but be aware that Twitch archives only last for 14 days. Also, if you want to know what I’m playing and when, it might be a good idea to follow me on Twitter if you haven’t already. Continue reading
Delays between reviews on my site are something most of you should be used to by now, but this time around, the delays have to do with a number of disasters that I knew were coming. The biggest of those is that my beloved dinosaur PC died, and now I am stuck trying to steal time on hubby’s computer. Hubby is both a gamer and an internet addict, so this is really quite hard. (He really is an addict, by the way. We had service go down for half a day, and within two hours, he was wandering around the front of another provider near our home.)
So while I have some time during one of his naps, I wanted to let y’all know what’s going on here. (Besides the PC breaking.) Those of you who follow me on Twitter or Facebook may know that I lost my wallet last year, and that I have been languishing in the bureaucratic hell that Italy puts all immigrants through. I finally got my sojourn permit back, and so now I can hopefully get my debit card reinstated. This is important because without it, I can’t sell any books. Or rather, I can, but I can’t get access to any profits I make from those sales. There is a chance that I still won’t be able to get my card without a carta identita (ID card), but I don’t know that just yet.
Even if I can get the debit card, it may still be a bit longer before I can sell new books because I need to get a PC of my own to finish editing and formatting the next book to go out. This should take a few months at the very least. So if you’re one of the people who have been waiting patiently for the next book in the Alice the Wolf series, I’m sorry, but you’ll have to wait a little more until I can sort out this mess. Continue reading
Zelda: Breath of the Wild has a lot of people raving about how good it is, and watching people play on live streams, it certainly does look fun. And yet, there’s a problem that even people who like it have called out, and that’s the introduction of weapon durability. The problem isn’t that it’s a part of the game, though. No, the real problem is the exaggerated fragility of the weapons.
I’ll have to wait quite some time before I can play BotW, but I have played a number of games recently where durability is a mechanic in them, and I think it’s a good idea if it’s done right. For instance, it’s mostly okay in Dark Souls III and the original game (I still haven’t played the second installment so I can’t say how it is, but it’s on my “want to play” list.) while it’s decidedly more frustrating in Bloodborne, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, and Let it Die.
In particular, Let it Die has constantly annoyed me with how fragile the weapons are, especially in the higher levels. I can carry a supply of four or five swords for one level and still not reach the next floor before I’ve used up my supply. This is a problem for many reasons. One is the high cost of the upgraded weapons, requiring a half a day of grinding for cash just to afford a decent supply. But even with cash on hand, the game blocks additional purchases of the same weapon type with a timer, so gathering my arsenal requires upwards of two hours sitting around and doing nothing. So imagine the “fun” of wasting a whole day to buy a weapon cache, only to have said cache be wiped out in twenty minutes. Continue reading
Yeah, I know, I’ve been a very bad writer lately, but I want you to know, it’s not just you blog readers left isolated out in the proverbial cold. I’ve been just as horrid keeping folks in the loop on Twitter and Facebook, and if you think you’ve got it rough, the poor souls following me on Tumblr and Wattpad haven’t heard a peep from me in over a year. I would love to say things will change for the better for all parties soon, but I can’t quite make a promise because things here are still iffy. But with warmer weather coming, I hope my health will recover somewhat, and then I can devote more time to you lovely peoples whom I love, respect, and admire. (You’re looking very good, by the way.)
With butt smooching and apologies out of the way, I finally have the brain cells to sit down and whack out an update to let you know where I am and what I’ve been up to. First, I should explain that this winter has been pretty damned nasty to me, with several bugs tag teaming me like some kind of sadist Wrestlemania of flus and colds. I’d just start to get over one thing when I’d get something else, and so I spent a lot of time on my couch.
In theory, that should have meant another game review for y’all, only Let It Die has proved to be a lot longer than I would have expected from a free game. That’s not an issue with the difficulty, though. It’s the absolutely dreadful RNG for crafting item drops, leading to instances where I have spent whole weeks looking for one fucking item to upgrade a weapon ONE level, and then I got to look forward to hunting for that same rare item twice or even three times. I’ll talk more about this when I can finally do a proper review, but I’ll just let you know, I will not be kind to the grind of this game. Like, at all. Fucking hate it, actually. Continue reading
This post was supposed to go up before January 1st, but didn’t on account of me not writing it yet. With mere days left to the end of the year, I caught a cold and ended up going to the living room to hide away from the chill in my room under a pile of blankets with a warm heater nearby and a steady supply of citrus drinks to try and burn out this snotty bug. Today, it seems like I can breathe without drugs, so I’m declaring a tentative victory and venturing into my cold, cold room to finally do this post. This is my dedication to you. Witness my love for alla y’all.
How to begin? Well if 2014 was one of my better years, 2015 was certainly one of the worst. Right at the start, my husband contracted a staph infection and had to be hospitalized. Before the doctors could identify the strain, it had already gummed up the stents in his heart, and he had to undergo open chest surgery. He was moved from one hospital to the next, and no one had any answers about how effective the treatments were or when he might finally come home. Even after we had an answer, the doctors kept changing their minds and pushing it back. Poor hubby looked like a pincushion, and he endured so many treatments that eventually the doctors ran out of viable locations to put in new catheters.
Some of you may recall this, but I have multiple sclerosis. I’m mostly fine unless I move around too much. Well for the first two and a half months of the year, I did more moving around than I had in all of 2014 and 2013 combined. It wasn’t just travel to and from the hospitals, either. I had to wash hubby’s things and cart them back and forth. I had to clean the house and care for the animals, all stuff I’d normally done with his help. And when hubby got home, he needed a lot of help with everything. So even if I was exhausted and in pain, I just kept pressing on. Continue reading
Yesterday, my Facebook stream lit up with reactions to the new Jem and the Holograms trailer, and they were all bad. I read through an article about how awful it was and how it was angering fans of the show, and bracing myself for the worst, I took a look at it. And…I want to see the movie. Right off the bat, my first thought is how this is an origin movie for a series that started off without an origin. The series follows this group after their initial success, so they already have an established routine, and even an established rival. But you wouldn’t find any of that in their origin, if they’d had one, would you? Not really, no. So I’m ready to give the movie the benefit of the doubt. I may be wrong, and the film may suck and make me wish I hadn’t wasted my time or money on it. But based on this one short look, yeah, I’m intrigued.
I feel kind of alone on this, though, because the vast majority of coverage on the trailer is 100% “Ugh, really?” This reminds me once again on how often I end up being outside of the in-crowd when it comes to just about everything. This sucks because if I love something, it usually means it’s gonna die due to a lack of interest. Even when something I love has a big enough fan base to sustain it, ANY mention that I like these things instantly invites a flood of criticism and teasing. I must be stupid to like them, because the mainstream zeitgeist has classified them as pure shite.
The same thing has happened with the new Supergirl trailer. I found out about it from the collective groaning on social media, and I watched the trailer and got goosebumps. I want to see this show so, so bad. I can’t wait for a box set, I need it to come to Rai NOW. This is a thing I need in my life, and I haven’t felt that way about any superhero TV show since Smallville.
And yet, go look at io9 and Polygon marching lock-step in their hate for Supergirl, and for Jem. And the thing is, what’s the gist of all their hate? “This is not the way we wanted it to be!” Continue reading
This week I bought They Bleed Pixels, and after three chapters, I gave up and walked away in frustration. I didn’t play enough to make a proper review, but the experience did help bring to mind several complaints I’ve had with indie platformers, and I want to talk about them after a few days to calm down. If I had written about this immediately after leaving the game, about 80% of every sentence would have been variations of fuck.
To begin, I love platformers. Back in my youth, Nintendo was full of these side scrolling gems, and I think back on how many of my favorite games were the 2D jump/attack variety. Among some of my favorites were Super Mario Bros. (And 2 and 3), Castlevania (and 3, screw 2), Bionic Commando, and Contra (And Super Contra). Those titles give you some idea of the variety of the formula, with each game having a very different feel and look, and they were glorious. They had a great blend of challenge and fun, and to this day, I can still go back and play some of them over just because I love them so much.
Then at a certain point, all the new consoles coming out created a shift away from the 2D side-view platform in favor of the 3D environment. I’m not knocking this because there are a lot of 3D games that I’ve loved over those consoles as well. But the dearth of the familiar platformer was always something stuck at the back of my mind. I wondered why we lost this particular style of gameplay when the increasing hardware capabilities should have made it possible to have some really pretty games on the 2D plane. Continue reading
I am a bisexual transsexual with bigender tendencies. I'm a former resident of Texas, but now live in Milan with my husband. I write in a variety of genres and have self-published ebooks through my online store, Amazon, Kobo, and Nook, and I use Lulu for some print titles.
So, yeah. I'm currently suffering from severe awesomeness withdrawal after devouring Fallout: Equestria, and Fallout: Equestria, Project Horizon.
Now, I have seen the post on EqD with all those sidestories, but... Are they worth reading? As it says on the page, they do not go through the pre-reader treatment the normal stories get, so I am unsure if they are good enough. After reading Kkat and Sombers awesome works, I am not sure if I want to read anything that's even mediocre.
Please suggest stories that you have read that you think are up to the lofty standards of Kkat and Somber ^^
Short stories are fine too; after all, I do go to uni so I don't have time to read as much as I did when I read Fo:E and Fo:E, PH. xD
I haven't read any other fallout: equestria fanfics than the ones you've listed. But I'm sure some are worth a look. May have a look at some sometime.
When life gives you lemons, it is because there is a horrifying monster in the next chamber with 400,000,000 HP, whose only weakness is lemons.
Seriously, the writing in one or two is so bad they border on unreadable, while others have potential. None the less, I really only follow the mane two ... and my own, for reasons obvious!
This one has been on my "to read" list, once I ever get free time again. Having your images of the characters is really cool.
Arcane_Scroll wrote: This one has been on my "to read" list, once I ever get free time again. Having your images of the characters is really cool.
I'm still building those characters. Just because I'm doing in 3d doesn't mean it's quick! In fact, I think rerooting Littlepip's hair was quicker!
Wait, what? You have done 3D models of Littlepip? Could ya link us to a place where we can view them? I really want to take a look =D
Control, protect, and secure your account, all in one place Your Google Account gives you quick access to settings and tools that let you safeguard your data, protect your privacy, and decide how your information can make Google services work better for you. https://myaccount.google.com/?utm_source=OGB&utm_medium=app&pli=1 FOLIO-LOVE COM PAGE 761
Actions Speak Louder Than Words Psychology read online and download free premium actions speak louder than words psychology ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
A Tall Ship And A Star To Steer Her By Carl Barks read online and download free premium a tall ship and a star to steer her by carl barks ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
The Economics of Local Music: Part 1, Part 2, Part 3 (also: Covers vs Originals, lots of good links there)
First Team Leagues Fixtures 2018/19 Statistics Meet the Squad Supporters' Player of the Year Winners
This was very nice and fun and definately better than shopping. We think that public trampolines would be fun, perhaps we could have them in the harbour area.
Summary View of Canyon Creek School District No. 32 school house located at 655 County Road 137, Glenwood Springs, Colorado. This single story framed red school house includes the writing "District No. 32" on the facade with an enclosed roof-top bell tower and brick chimney. The structure was listed on the National Register in 2004.
Is Part Of Tom Noel photograph collection.; Tom Noel photograph collection, notebook Garfield County.
Notes Title and content derived from inventory prepared by Nicholas Wharton.; Scanned image from loaned collection.; Digitization sponsored by the Kenneth King Foundation.
Summary Three-quarter view of left side of engine, from front end. Photographed: Salida, Colo., May 20, 1934.
Subject Locomotives; Railroads--Trains--Pictorial works; Narrow gauge railroads; Railroad locomotives--Colorado--Salida; Denver and Rio Grande Western Railway Company; Railroads, Narrow-gage.
Notes Title from catalog prepared by Western History Department, Denver Public Library.; R7000075982
Summary A large group of American cowboys and Native Americans gathers on horseback in front of a tall wood fence in a camp for Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show in Europe, possibly Paris. Johnny Baker, a star of the Wild West Show known as the "Cowboy Kid" and also the foster son of William Frederick "Buffalo Bill" Cody, sits on his horse in the left center of the group. Several of the cowboys wear scarves tied around their necks. The Native American men wear single feathers or small clusters of feathers on the backs of their heads.
Machines have taken over, but left humans thinking that they are still the ones in charge. The androids need humans because of the human brain fluid; without it the android brains can’t work. Until the mad scientist finds out how to make this brain fluid artificially that is.
StreamComplet is the best french film streaming site to watch free movies online. So try the stream complet to streaming free movies in french in streaming complet without registration film streaming vf.
After the EHF EURO 2012 qualification match (Qualification 2, Group 7, Round 1) between Russia and Switzerland, played in Chekhov (RUS) on 27 October 2010, the Swiss handball Federation filed a protest.
They disputed the non-compliance of the players’ substitution made by the Swiss team in the last seconds of the match reported by the EHF delegate and sanctioned by the EHF referees.
The EHF Arbitration Tribunal founds that the Swiss players’ substitution at stake was executed in accordance with the Rules of the Game, and that the decision of the EHF referees made upon the EHF delegate’s information was therefore incorrect.
Due the impact of this decision on the match result, the EHF Arbitration Tribunal decided to annul the result of the match and ordered the replay of the match, organised by the EHF.
The European Handball Federation will file a Claim to the EHF Court of Arbitration against the decision of the Arbitration Tribunal.
Get more credits here Want to log off? Andreanna Peace Views Duration 6: Your dick is hard and standing upright and you would like nothing more than a blowjob. Skin Diamond 57 videos. Let them display their sexual expertise, they would adore for you to get off to their clips. Top Babe Video Sections. Just to be milked dry would suffice! Rose Ballentine 13 videos. No penis size is turned away from our wondrous women. You are currently not logged in. Download and stream the porn videos using your free myFreeOnes account or join our free porn community at the FreeOnes forum. Layla Rose 16 videos. No penis size is turned away from our wondrous women. Inflagranti Views Duration Elli Nude Views Duration 6: COM are waiting patiently to engorge on the biggest of cocks! Andreanna Peace Views Duration 6: Slow and tender or quick and rough, it does not matter! Andreanna Peace Views Duration 6: Ana Rose Views Duration 5: Maya Milano 11 videos. Madison Monroe Views Duration Kate England Views Duration 6: Elli Nude Views Duration 6: Nicole Moore 13 videos. So do your thing, and step outside and look up. Download and stream the porn videos using your free myFreeOnes account or join our free porn community at the FreeOnes forum. Rino Erica fontes yoga Views Duration 2: You currently do not have flash installed. Adrian Maya Views Duration 2: Ana Rose Views Duration 5:
outdoor floor mats ideas outdoor floor mats amazon com extra large entrance door mat x rubber outdoor floor mats personalized.
baby toys multifunctional happy little world toy with music lights games musical activity cube play music toys for children
number 1 10 solar powered 6 led wall mount bulb lamp illumination doorplate lamp house digital porch lights with solar battery
raxfly [0 5m 1m 2m] 3 5mm aux cable for car speaker 3 5 jack male to male audio cable 90 degree angle jack 3 5 for headphone mp3
1 pieces lot high brightness 60w led spot moving head led 60w led dj spot light 60w gobo moving head led disco light
2018 new wooden photo album box prints 5 7 usb 3 0 flash pendrive diy engraved logo wedding memory photography studio
chenxi brand watches women fashion quartz watch steel mesh band wrist watch ladies dress clock relogio feminino female clock
2 in 1 multifunction hair curler straightener hair curling brush styling tool curling iron round brush straighting comb freeship
professional tenor saxophone yanagisawa t 9937 wo37 top sax silvering surface gold key saxofone with case mouthpiece accessories
double row shoes cabinet fashion painting non woven fabrics large shoe rack organizer removable shoe storage for home furniture
italia pro team cycling jersey pro team short sleeve bicycle clothing set bike wear breathable cycling clothing and bib shorts
hot sale 4x10w wheel led beam moving head light rgbw 4in1 rotating led stage lighting effect 6 8 12 14 channels for party dj
led flood light 150w 100w 50w 30w led floodlight ip66 waterproof ac110v 220v led spotlight refletor led outdoor searchlight
pro remote control card fountain tricks spray poker device stage magic prop for party festival performance
portable size high power usb rechargeable juicer bottle household travel handheld fruit juicer machine bottle
[Resolved] Spamcop identifying originating IP for Outlook365 Exchange headers as "internal source" (mine) - SpamCop Reporting Help - SpamCop Discussion
[Resolved] Spamcop identifying originating IP for Outlook365 Exchange headers as "internal source" (mine)
A few months ago, I switched from hosted POP mail on a VPS to Outlook365 Exchange email. I know how to get the full headers - which are HUGE, but the originating IP is easy to find - but when I paste them with the email body into a Spamcop report, I get a message saying that it has identified the spam as having an "internal IP source", and "no source IP found". Screenshot below.
The issue appears to be that the first line of the Exchange header does NOT include the originating IP. It's further down. I'm attaching the beginning of the headers for a recent spam, and you can see that the originating IP is 103.246.249.41, but that's found further down.
SO... I still want to use Spamcop, but how do I do it when the start of my headers look like this^^??
Yay! That was the problem. Stupidly didn't even think of it, as I had thought it was my email addresses (not server) that needed to be registered, and those hadn't changed.
The Wildlife Information Network (WIN) was founded in 1992, and aims to. "... make information on the health and management of captive and free-ranging wild animals and their habitats readily available to wildlife professionals and decision-makers worldwide."..
The Shape of Enrichment, Inc. and SHAPE�Africa, have forged close ties with the Wildlife Information Network (WIN). This working association has resulted in the development of the above proposed DVD, the product of which will be a key enrichment resource to all those working in the captive wildlife industry.
The need for a broad-based enrichment tool such as this is great, as the global zoo community and other wildlife organizations become more committed to addressing animal welfare issues through enrichment strategies. Through workshops, websites, videotapes, and publications, a few organizations, such as The Shape of Enrichment, Inc. are committed to promoting standardized processes for achieving efficient, holistic, and effective enrichment.
On a global scale, this is a gargantuan goal. But it is a goal we believe that WIN, through its experience and expertise, is uniquely poised to achieve.
The Shape of Enrichment, Inc. and SHAPE�Africa believes that the scope and quality of the information in the WIN enrichment product will result in an invaluable, and available resource for professional wildlife caretakers around the world. For the welfare and conservation of captive wildlife and the education of professionals and the general public, this proposed project is essential.
The Shape of Enrichment, Inc. is a registered non-profit 510(c) 3 corporation in the United States of America.
This is a list of styles in residential construction. This list predominantly refers to American architectural styles. While there are many well preserved architectural styles across the United States, some older American houses have been renovated or additions have been constructed, often disguising their origins. A Federal house may end up with Greek Revival and/or […]
Bat Trapping Sessions. If you want to attend, get in touch using this link: http://www.derbyshirebats.org.uk/swarmcontact.php. There will be events throughout August and September.
Navigate… » Housing loan repayment in cash » What to look for in a personal loan » Prepayment personal loan hdfc bank » How quick can i pay off my loan calc
WhiteRockLoans. com is not a lender and does not make loan or credit decisions. WhiteRockLoans. com connects interested persons with a lender from its network of approved lenders. WhiteRockLoans. com does not control and is not responsible for the actions or inactions of any lender, is not an agent, representative or broker of any lender, and does not endorse cash advance loans modesto california lender. WhiteRockLoans. com receives compensation from its lenders, often based on a ping-tree model similar to Google AdWords where the highest available bidder is connected to the consumer.
Loansolo. com provides a connecting service only and is not acting as a representative, agent, or correspondent for any of the lenders we contract with. Loansolo. com does not charge a service fee. Loansolo. com does not control and is not responsible for the actions or inactions of any lender. Loansolo. com does not endorse any particular lender or loan product. You are under no obligation to use the service, initiate contact, or request credit with any of the lenders.
We expect a few new lenders to offer online cash advance loans again as we move through 2018. As of now the list of lenders below is our most recent list of payday loan lenders that offer loans in California.
Last Revised 7-12-2018 Check Into Cash: Youve probably seen their commercials or driven by one of their many storefront locations in California. The good news is they also offer California payday loans to consumers with bad credit.
Check Into Cash has been around cash advance loans modesto california years has great customer service as well as a quick online application process.
Currently offering online payday advances with funds available in one business day for California residents. PersonalLoans. com: Theyve been operating since 2007 since then theyve helped thousands of Californians get an online personal loan of anywhere from 500 to 5,000.
Hi! i have some led strips that don't work in RGB but in a different order of colours. like BGR or RBG... I would like to have an editor for the tipe of the fixture.what do you think? thanks
quick workaround (assuming you are only using BGR fixtures): There is an effect that translates RGB to BGR channels.
It would be great to see sACN support built into Matrix Patcher... As the ability to playback larger and more files increases within the PB environment, the current ArtNet limitations of the Matrix Patcher haven't grown to accommodate this ability, and can be a limiting factor in setting up large video to LED arrangements.
Would be great to have the possibility to manage this protocol from Pandoras Box and Widget Designer. At now is only possible to receive it to PB and WD to trigger the system.
I was asked about this recently and totally thought that Pandora broadly supports it. I suppose it's difficult to maintain consistent feature availability throughout the platform when there are so many separate pieces of software involved.
If you're one of our regulars, welcome back! Please use your regular DWG forum username/password (not your email address) to log in. If you can't log in, please try resetting your password.
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed and you will receive an email to activate your account.
Note: to reduce forum spam, fake accounts and anonymous users, we actively try to block registration that uses temporary/junk email accounts. Brand-new Gmail and Hotmail accounts that have been set up simply to register here will be noted!. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
This is where all of the old forum's sales/trades posts are archived: please use the new categories above from now on!
I used my turbo nozzle on the blaster and it didn't seem to touch the best pieces of wood at all, whereas the decayed pieces and partially decayed pieces just got machined away to where the hard timber started again. Impressive. Best water blasting purchase ever :-D
Went down to the garage to tidy up the tools and parts and stuff in case of more minor flooding like the other day, and did exactly that. But while I was there, I couldn't help but do a bit of Nissan and Volvo work. So here's the Volvo stuff:
The wheel cleaner experiment was interesting. I also sprayed the wheels and abandoned them to future rain for rinsing. Meh.
The puller should work well, but I had to move it to the setting pictured in this post. Time will tell which suits better.
Will try to focus on 1, 2, 4, 5, and maybe 6, and keep 3, and maybe 6 for a morning effort. Mu ha ha ha.
Then all I have to do is convince WOF man that I'm just going to park it and not drive it pissing oil everywhere... :-)
I was up again at 545am today, had breakfast, packed my bag, had a shower, prepared hose, found end link bushes for front sway bar, neighbour left, wife woke, went out again at 730 and blasted until 8, then packed away the equipment, had a cold shower to remove sweat, and wandered off to work. Tweets coming soon, linked here later.
0) Found a lonely drop of bright red ATF on one of the two lines only, no where around/above, no where to run from, cept the back of the tube itself, worn through from the trans bracket, yet to be proven
3) Mixed some more and spread it into the holes in the door above the lock and all around, messy, bumpy, rough
6) Noticed door bog was still wet, but stiffening up fast, and went over it with fresh softer bog, still rough as guts
7) Worked on sway bar end links installing 740 upper bushes in there and doing an average job of it with no grease and no idea if I was over winding the nut, or under winding it
8) For water proofing in case of rain, and in knowledge of making my future life more painful/harder, dusted the two bonnet bog patches with blue/green top coat, no primer, no sanding, nothing, fuck it, bog is porous and rain is forecast
Undo nut on LHS sway bar to see where thread stops and perhaps install grease, then retighten. If greasing and/or good, then do both one by one.
2) Retrieved the ATF carrying hard lines from the 940 caravan shell to replace the worn through lines on this 244
1) Confirmed leak in ATF line, undid it, removed it and found the hole worn through in the top side from the steel bracket and 29 years.
2) Created new line from 940 line that didn't fit by bending it, rough enough, good enough, doesn't leak, win. Dry as a bone.
4) Treated a few bits of surface rust in a few places, engine bay, underneath, etc. Found a few bits beyond treating, but only small, three of them.
1) Sand and prime/paint bog in door, very rough right now, may need more bogging after initial sanding.
3) Clean up and treat bottoms of doors, smear some filler on there if it'll help with appearances. Black over.
After this photo a guest came around and I said "I bet I can push a hole in that with my fingernail" and then did. So it's gaping now. :-D
WOF, rego, and it's out on the street like it didn't miss a beat, no longer taking up valuable driveway space!
And as a direct result the V12 fired up and moved over 3m and took up the valuable driveway space! Doh!
Warmed up the V12 and let it heat cycle on the fan a few time, all good, no overheating, no nothing. 300k on it.
Poured a bottle of flush into the sump and ran it at 1500 to 2000 for 10 minutes then let it idle while I figured out the drain bung.
Drained the filthy concoction out of it, quite a few litres all up. Will take a stab at measuring it, and under fill it with lifter cleaner added.
Then a few heat cycles and a bit of local driving at high risk of big fines because: I just have to do it :-D
Then the engine/trans pull begins! That'll take a bit of time, but aiming for scrapping the body within a month or so.
I also found others thinking the same way I am re sump placement: So far forward it'll miss the rack and subframe all together!
And I found someone saying the swap was easy, the hard part was the EFI. LOL. I've got that covered ;-)
And if the intake manifolds won't fit with the brake booster... I have 12 ITBs for this bastard! :-D
人工�I��T上�T推�N自己的�a品 到大的���h展�[中心张娜拉图片全身,我要色情,kkk 43 co 8198 m或城市宣�餮舱� 道路街道�V告牌�苏Z��蚊�片 �Ρ谲��w�V告 �蠹�或影�媒�w�V告宣��
You are going to watch Tenkai Knights Episode 22 english dubbed / subbed online for free.This episode is our 29541 release.
If Tenkai Knights Episode 22 video link does not load or keeps loading forever, please restart your browser and try again . It will 90% solve the problem. If not please send a broken link report below.
William Hill named after its founder, a Birmingham boy born in 1903 came from humble beginnings, when a young William while working in a local factory started collecting illegal bets from the locals on his motorbike. Later in 1925, he progressed to working as an on-course &apos;bookie&apos; but quickly lost his capital.
Following this failure he moved to London in 1929 where he started work at the Greyhound track taking bets and going on to open an illegal gambling den in Jermyn Street in 1934. Exploiting a legal loophole William Hill produced the first fixed-odds football coupon in 1944. William died in 1977 a year after his retirement.
The first legal William Hill betting shop was opened in 1966 but changed hands many times before being acquired by Brent Walker in 1989.
However the previous owners Grand Metropolitan had exaggerated its worth and it had to be being bought out by the Japanese Investment Bank Nomura in 1997, hot on the heels of an investigation by the Serious Fraud Office which saw two of its Directors receiving jail sentences.
From their beginnings as a bookmakers and turf accountants in the shops and on the race tracks of Great Britain William Hill now offers promotional codes and bonuses for: casino games, skill games, online bingo, and online poker.
Hill, now boasts virtual betting and should you need it ACCA insurance. Their dedicated mobile site offers a range of betting options from horse racing to football and their online betting has a dizzying array of ways to place a wager.
Should a punter wish to place an in-play bet their shops offer live streaming which is second to none.
William Hill has always been aware of the negative aspect of gambling and has sought to address this by launching a staff training programme to discourage underage gambling.
In 2002, William Hill acquired Sunderland Greyhound Stadium followed by Newcastle Greyhound Stadium in 2003. Shortly after in 2005 the company purchased 624 betting shops in the UK, Republic of Ireland, Isle of Man and Jersey from Stanley Leisure for £504 million: the acquisition took the company past Ladbrokes into first position in the UK betting market prior to the sale of 78 shops.
In November 2008, William Hill went into partnership with Orbis (formally OpenBet), and the Israeli software company Playtech launching their business online. In the same year self-confessed ‘rascal’ and university drop-out Ralph Topping was appointed Chief Executive.
Topping had worked his way up through the ranks having started as a ‘Saturday boy’ at a branch in Hampden Park, Glasgow in 1973.
In 2012, they became the first UK ‘bookie’ to break into the US market acquiring three chains in Nevada the only American State to allow fully-fledged gambling. Hill took control of Sportsbrooks, Lucky Leroy’s and Club Cal Neva giving the company control of 55 percent of the states Sportsbrooks locations. Further securing their place as a market leader.
William Hill operates on a worldwide basis its main offices are in the UK, Gibraltar, and Ireland, employing about 16,000 people.
By offering betting by phone, mobile, internet or at one of its 2300 UK-wide betting shops betting at William Hill has never been more accessible.
On Grand National day in 2007, Hill took over 125,000 bets from its call center in Rotherham, South Yorkshire and on an average day the betting shops process about 1 million betting slips.
The best online gaming websites in the world offer players a sportsbook, a casino, a poker room, and Bingo at one website. William Hill is one of those online gaming site.
This makes William Hill a great choice for the avid gambler who’s well-versed in placing wagers. William Hill makes it easy to transfer money from account to account.
Each sector of William Hill has its own bonus that it offers new players. Players can claim these bonuses via a deposit to that specific channel or by transferring from one sector to the next for the first time.
For example, a player is eligible for a poker bonus since they haven’t deposited or transferred to their poker account. This bonus can be triggered by depositing in the poker lobby or by transferring from one of the other channels.
However, multiple bonuses at the sametime across different channels are not allowed. They must be cleared one by one.
NUTS: This welcome package has a bit of everything – cash game and tournament tickets, free bonus cash, and even free casino spins.
William Hill Poker offers new poker players a Welcome Package composed of a £7 Cash Game Ticket, £3 Tournament Tickets, £100 Bonus Cash, and 10 Free Casino Spins.
£7 Cash Game Ticket: Ticket is given to the player immediately after deposit. The ticket is cleared once 85 points are earned. Must earn the points within 7 days.
£3 Tournament Tickets: 4 SnG tickets given to player which can be used on specific ladder and twister tournaments. Tickets are given immediately after deposit. No clearing requirements.
£100 Bonus Cash: Released in £5 increments. 280 WHPs per £5 for the first £10, and 350 WHPs per £5 for the other £90. Must be cleared within 45 days.
10 Free Casino Spins: Used on slot games within the poker client. Winnings must be wagered 40x. Max winnings cap is £20.
Our review of the William Hill Poker Promotional Code breaks it down even further, including multiple currency options.
Clearing the entire bonus is fairly simple for anyone. Since there is a total of 45 days, literally anyone will be able to fulfill the requirements. On a scale from 1 to 5 with 5 being the easiest, this poker bonus earns a 4.
NUTS: William Hill offers a respectable £300 for its new casino players. The bonus carries a fairly good wagering requirement, 30x.
There is no William Hill Casino Bonus Code to be entered, the bonus is Automatic with your first deposit.
Players looking for a casino experience are also eligible for a first deposit bonus. This bonus is automatically given to players that use our links; there is no bonus code necessary.
The amount of the bonus is 100% of the size of your first deposit up to a maximum value of £300. Before making a withdrawal, you’ll have to play through the sum of your deposit and bonus 30 times over.
Certain games only contribute a percentage of theit wagers to the playthrough amount. Here’s a table with the games and their contribution percentages:
NUTS: The sportsbook bonus is pretty straightforward. There are no terms & conditions to consider. Players simply get a free bet worth up to £/€25 after placing their first bet.
BEATS: Deposit bonuses at other sportsbooks are generally better than this free bet offered by William Hill Sportsbook.
All players are eligible for a free €/£25 bet. Players simply need to open a new sportsbook account using the F25 bonus code and place a bet of €/£5 or more. After placing the bet, William Hill will reward the player with a free bet of the same value up to €/£25.
NUTS: The William Hill Bingo promotion is easy to understand and easy to clear. Players receive an £25 to spend on more Bingo Cards after buying £10 worth of Bingo cards. There are no stipulations to worry about.
There is no William Hill Bingo Bonus Code to be entered, the bonus is Automatic with your first deposit.
✓ William Hill Promotional code / Coupon code June 2018 ✓ William Hill Promotional code / Coupon code July 2018 ✓ August 2018
Casino section is one of the most important at William Hill. Number of games and bonuses are very satisfying, even for the most demanding players. First of all, all new players at William Hill Casino should register there via JohnnyBet links, that will guarantee you a high welcome bonuses. Promotional code William Hill is not required at this section. Depending on whether you choose William Hill Casino Club, or simply William Hill Casino your bonus will be different. At William Hill Casino Club bonus reaches 150% up to €300 for users register with JohnnyBet. At William Hill Casino bonus is — 100% up to £/€300 and also here, players don&apos;t need any William Hill bonus code. This reminds us of Energy Casino welcome offer, but instead of 100% up to £/€300 players can get 100% up to €/$250/£200 + 100 bonus spins with promo code provided by Johnnybet.
William Hill promotional code 2018 in sportsbook section is also not required. Special offer for newly registered fans of sports betting includes free bet up to £30 without referrers code entry.
So, if the first player&apos;s bet will loose he gets his return to £30. The minimum deposit qualifying you to participate in this promotion is £10.
William Hill Sportsbook section has also a lot of fans who will find there a wide range of sports to bet, and high odds, so learn what are sure betting tips, and use them before you bet at William Hill.
Sign up to William Hill from the UK to get hold of their best welcome deals just by using the code BETEXVIP on their registration form.
This qualifies you for your choice of bonuses across their site, with the Sportsbook granting you a free bet £30 along with a free Football accumulator each week, so it might be a good idea to check football betting predictions for today at Johnnybet, to use the bonuses wisely.
You can use the William Hill bonus code to get a free £10 William Hill no deposit bonus + 100% bonus up to £300 at the Casino, £40 at their Vegas section or £100 to spend on the live dealer tables, or even claim cashback on Sratchcards.
Irish citizens can get the best possible welcome bonus from William Hill when they use our special William Hill Promo Code Ireland BETEXVIP on registration. Not only does this ensure you qualify for the truly royal welcome bonus, but it also means you can get the other promotions at either the Sports, Casino, Bingo and Poker sections of their site.
If you live in Canada, William Hill have some special offers for you to claim. Just use the BETEXVIP William Hill promo code Canada on the signup form and you will be able to claim from a range of different deals across their site.
The Sportsbook welcomes you with a 100% 1st deposit bonus up to C$100. The Casino section has bonus funds of up to C$300 (high roller bonus — C$500. There is also a bonus at Live casino section — 50$/€25 for new players.
Play Poker to get a welcome bonus up to $2000 as well as a $10 for side games, while Bingo fans are offered £540 when they first make a deposit.
William Hill has a great offer waiting for you, with the unique bonus code BETEXVIP being the key to unlock it when you enter it on the registration form. This William Hill promo code India
You only get one opportunity to claim a welcome bonus at the time of registration. Even though William Hill offers a plethora of new player bonuses, you only register once, so you have to make a decision on which promotion code to enter on the registration page.
After registering your account and making a deposit, you will have additional opportunities for more bonuses from William Hill Vegas, William Hill Macau and much more.
William Hill Sports C30 Make a deposit via credit card, place a £10 wager with odds greater than 1/2, get three £10 bets free.
William Hill Sports welcomes all new clients to its online sportsbook with three matched bets of £/€10 each for a total worth of £/€30. The promotion is only available to first-time clients from the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey, and the Isle of Man who register a new account and wager at least £/€10 on their first sports bet.
Then click on the green Join Now button. Note that William Hill accounts are universal and thereby apply to all William Hill products. Follow the instructions for creating an account. During the process, you will have the opportunity to enter a promo code, and it is very important that you enter the code C30 here!
Payment setup and a deposit are not necessary right away, but they are necessary at some point because you need to place a wager of at least £/€10 with single or cumulative odds greater than 1/2 (1.5).
Unfortunately, anyone who makes his or her first deposit using Skrill, Skrill 1-Tap, Neteller, PayPal, Envoy, Plus or PaySafe won’t qualify for this offer, so choose another payment method instead.
Once you place your first bet, William Hill will deposit three free bets, worth £/€10 apiece, into your account to use on whatever contests you wish. Good luck!
The main limitation is that you must use the awarded free bets within 30 days. Failure to do so will result in the free bet expiring with no recourse.
The free bet is usable on any bet type, including those that fall outside the realm of sports, such as political or entertainment props, but you must use it on a standard sportsbook bet and in a single transaction.
Tote, pool and lottery bets are excluded under the terms of the free bets. You cannot redeem a free bet partially; you must use up the full value of a free bet in one single wager.
The free bet is not itself cashable in the sense that if your wager wins, the sportsbook will not return the stake to you. You only receive the winnings. There are no wagering requirements on the matched bet or any winnings derived from it, and upon completion of the bet, any money in your account is available for immediate withdrawal.
William Hill Poker are offering a new player Poker bonus plus extra Poker Player Welcome Bonus offers once you have registered and made your first deposit when you join using the latest and exclusive Poker promo Code for William Hill.
Amazing new customer bonuses and offers at William Hill Casino when you sign up to William Hill Poker you can take advantage of top promotions. Click to claim and check the latest Poker Promotions for William Hill Poker for special offers. Join William Hill Poker today and grab yourself a new customer welcome bonus offer.
*Opt-in required. X1 per customer. New customers only, min first deposit/transfer £10 to poker account. Game restrictions and Terms Apply. CGT: £7 cash game ticket tables up to €0.05/€0.10, game mode, type, bet type, table size and stake restrictions apply, 85 WHPoints to redeem. Expires in 7 days.
William Hill Poker is where you&apos;ll find more exclusive tournaments and games than any other poker site, with 24/7 support, secure deposits, fast cashouts and award-winning software.
Start playing at William Hill for free now, and learn the ropes through our exclusive William Hill Poker New Player Zone, where you can take advantage of $6,000 worth of offers available only to new players! You&apos;ll also find rules and hand rankings for Texas Hold&apos;em, Omaha, Stud and other poker games.
Practice your skills with play money or join real money games. There&apos;s no better place to learn and play poker.
This will take you to William Hills current promotion page for the Poker offer you chose and auto insert the promotion code for you ensuring your receive the full William Hill Poker Bonus.
These links are the latest links for 06 2018 to guarantee your bonuses are applied to your new William Hill Poker player account.
Sign up ONLY from here to earn Extra Bonus Commissions of £50 for a referral It&apos;s so easy… Join William Hill using the &apos;Refer A Friend&apos; below and simply refer friends and work colleagues to William Hill Casino and YOU will earn £50, your friend also receives £50 bonus referral too depending on which product they play per referral and how many friends you refer.
Once your friends receive their invitation all they have to do is join William using the invitation links and William Hill pay YOU A BONUS!
The more friends you refer the more earnings in additional bonuses you&apos;ll receive in additional refferral bonuses.
William Hill Casino will reward you with £50 for any friend who makes a first deposit at the casino. Your friend will also receive a £50 referral bonus too! Depending on which your friend joins determins your bonus commission referral. 1. Enter William Hill Casino and in the lobby click &apos;Invite a Friend&apos;.
For about eight decades now, the name William Hill has been associated with the best in bookmaking, and they definitely extend that branding over to their poker room online, the William Hill Poker room.
William Hill is based in the UK, and is a partner with iPoker, the most highly trafficked online poker network in the online poker network business.
The numbers are so massive here that you can literally find a poker game 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
The fact that you can find a poker game 24 hours a day, 7 days a week is very good for good players, because the William Hill promotions are some of the best in the online poker business.
They have US $13 million in guaranteed prizes, and that is every month. They have exclusive freerolls, and satellites that broadcast live events.
Even new customers get the red carpet treatment right on arrival with a £1200 bonus and a VIP program that has numerous rewards for those willing to climb its 10 level rung.
To elaborate further on the welcome bonus first, the William Hill Poker room offers to new players a full 2x deposit match up to £1200, which is credited to the player immediately upon making his or her first deposit into the William Hill Poker system. You have a full two months, or 60 days, to earn the bonus. To qualify for this massive welcome bonus, enter the William Hill Poker promo code 1250FREE when registering your new account:
The first thing that you need to understand is how the poker bonus is paid out. Every time you play a real money hand that has a rake, you will earn some WHPoints. The number of points you can earn is dependent upon the size of the rake and can be found here:
As you can see here, a rake of $0.02 will earn you 0.20 points and s $2.50 rake will earn you 16 points. It’s that simple. As soon as you accrue 350 points, you will earn $5 of that bonus, up to the $2000.
You can also earn money by playing in a tournament for cash. Every dollar in tournament fees amounts to 30 WHPoints and the rules are the same.
So how long does it take to accrue the bonus? Well, let’s look at this from a math perspective. No one can say exactly how many hands are played in an hour but most online Texas Hold ’em games play about 40 hands per hour. So we can use that for a reference.
So if you play a game with a rake of, say a dollar, you will earn 6 points, and get one $5 reward about every 58 hands, taking you just shy of an hour and a half to earn that $5 reward.
So you would earn that reward in 175 hours, meaning you’d have to play roughly three hours a day to earn that money in the 60 day time frame.
Obviously, to earn the bonus, it is in your best interest to play the $3 or higher rakes, with the points at 32 per hand. At that rate, you would earn a bonus every 11 hands, meaning you could theoretically snag a $600 bonus in just 1313 hands, or in 21 7/8 hours of play.
Remember that the bonuses are paid in $5 increments. Roughly every $11.67 in tournament fees would give you enough bonuses for a $5 payout, and $35 in fees would give you 1050 WHPoints, which is enough for a $15 payout.
William Hill Poker, however is not just about that bonus. Upon making your first actual deposit, you will receive five entries into freerolls. That’s right. First time depositors get four entries into a freeroll tournament played Wednesdays at 18:00 for $1,000 PLUS one entry into a Saturday freeroll.
William Hill Poker is a member of the iPoker network of poker sites which usually ranks as the 3rd most popular online poker room.
The William Hill poker room is offering an instant £10 poker bonus in the form of free poker entries plus up to £100 in cash back bonuses!
Alternatively, you may receive 3 free £10 sports bet with the William Hill Promo Code C30! You can read complete details on this William Hill promo code here.
The Terms & Conditions for the William Hill Poker bonus are very favorable. Players of all games and stakes should have a legitimate shot at cashing in on the full bonus.
You clear $1 of the bonus for every 70 WHPoints that you earn, and it only takes a $1 in rake to earn 22 WHPoints. That makes for 31 percent effective rakeback for the first 90 days of playing on William Hill Poker.
Tournament players get an even better deal, with 30 points on every dollar, making for a 43% effective cashback.
Players need not clear the entire bonus before they see their money. In terms of US dollars, for every 350 points achieved, you earn $5! This is an easy bonus to earn so players are urged to deposit £625 and maximize the bonus if possible.
You are given three months with this bonus opportunity before it ends. William Hill’s poker room tracks how much rake you’ve paid with the weighted/contributed rake attribution method.
Unfortunately, William Hill does not provide a native Mac client or even an instant play version for Mac users at this time.
The William Hill download offers many of the typical features you could expect from the most popular internet poker sites, such as a 4-color deck option to easily identify the suits, player notes, buddy list, VIP club, real-time game history to analyze your game play, live support, avatars, search filters, and mini-table views for fitting multiple tables.
The William Hill poker client also has some unique features that are not so common among most poker rooms.
The William Hill Poker client offers several methods to view the poker lobby, the traditional three-pane view and the updated 2-pane view.
The new two-pane lobby has all the info the old view contains, but offers extra details when a specific tournament is selected.
The row will then expand and display such information as the list of player names, which players if any have notes or are in your buddy list, the individual chip counts of the players, and the overall amount of money currently at the table.
This feature is helpful because it allows you to quickly see if you have notes on those players. It’s also to your benefit to play at a table that has a lot of money on it.
The buddy list is great and provides plenty of additional features. The buddy screen is where you can categorize your buddies, see additional info, modify, add notes, and more.
Buddies currently online are noted with a green icon, and you can view up to 6 tables where your buddies are currently at.
You have the ability to create several groups to organize your buddies, because in reality, some of these people may be your friends, but others could be players to target or players to avoid.
One of the advantages of playing at William Hill Poker is the integrated casino. The “Casino Games” tab can take you directly to your favorite casino games, all within the William Hill Poker download, so you don’t have to open another account or make a separate deposit for casino chips.
Because William Hill caters to players from around the world, the poker site provides multiple currencies and offers multi-currency tables so you can play on GBP, EURO and USD tables.
This removes the need to convert your currency before sitting down at a table, you can simply play on tables that use the same currency as that which you deposited.
One of the newer additions to the software is the hand history replay tool. The replay tool can be used for both ring games and tournaments, and allows you to control the action with fast forward, pause, and rewind buttons.
As mentioned earlier, William Hill is a member of the iPoker network of online poker rooms, which is considered the 3rd largest poker network by most sources. William Hill Poker does not accept USA residents but there is a lot of UK and European traffic so finding your poker game of choice should not be a problem in the low to mid stakes games. However, high stakes games are pretty limited.
One of the most popular services offered by William Hill is their live casino. Learn more about the William Hill live casino here!
William Hill Poker is one of the largest bookmakers in the UK, sponsoring Keith Hawkins, and Julian Thew. The William Hill brand is licensed and regulated by the Government of Gibraltar and has been providing gaming services since 1934 through their local shops and now online.
The poker room thrives on the iPoker Network and offers UK and European players the ability to play poker in Euros or Pounds and supports a number of different languages. Through InternetPoker.
com, new players will receive a 100% match bonus up to $650 when you join William Hill Poker using our promotional code.
William Hill Poker is packed full of promotions including big money tournaments, an excellent VIP program and a great first deposit bonus.
When you join William Hill using our William Hill Poker promotional code TOPBONUS, you will receive a 200% poker bonus up to $1000.
This bonus is only available for new depositing players, and includes entry into William Hill&apos;s new player freerolls — valued at $1000 each.
Once you&apos;ve received your William Hill Poker bonus you will need to earn frequent player points to unlock it. Until then the bonus is held in a pending bonus account. Frequent player points are earned by playing in any real money game, including tournaments and sit n go&apos;s.
Once you earn 350 points, William Hill will automatically deposit $5 of your bonus into your account, and continue to do so for every 350 points until the bonus has been fully cleared or expired. Players have 60 days from the date they receive their bonus to clear the full amount. William Hill provides regular reload bonuses, and all of the bonuses are stackable.
This means that you can continue to work towards clearing our $400 William Hill bonus and still take advantage of other offers.
William Hill Poker&apos;s VIP program gives players the opportunity to receive additional benefits from the poker room, and with 10 different stages there is plenty of opportunity for even the smallest staked player to benefit from including a monthly $10K freeroll. The VIP system is focused on FPP&apos;s and the more FPP&apos;s you earn during a calendar month, the more rewards you will receive from William Hill. Below is quick summary of the different levels players can work towards.
High Card — High Card VIP is automatically given to any player who joins William Hill Poker using our bonus code. This level awards players with the new depositor freerolls and our 150% up to $400 bonus.
Pair — Pair VIP is earned once you&apos;ve accumulated 500 FPP&apos;s during the previous calendar month. This level includes; points boost, cash back, and a monthly $1000 freeroll.
Two Pair — Once you&apos;ve earned 2000 points during the previous calendar month you&apos;ll automatically qualify for the benefits in the Two Pair level. This includes a $3k starter freeroll, the $1K monthly freeroll, a monthly $5K freeroll, point boosts, and cashback.
Three of a Kind — Players need to earn at least 5000 points the previous month to reach this stage. In this level you will receive; the same benefits as the Two Pair players as well as a $10K freeroll.
Straight — This VIP level requires 12,500 points and provides players with all of the perks Three of a Kind players receive in addition to special bonuses and access to the William Hill Poker loyalty shop.
Flush — Flush VIP is earned once a player has accumulated 37,500 points the previous month. At this stage your considered a full VIP and will begin to receive offers and special bonuses exclusively for the Black Club VIP. Cash back and multipliers increase considerably at this level.
Full House and 4 of a Kind — Both of these levels provide pretty much the same benefits however players will need 100,000 points to become a Full House VIP and 250,000 points for 4 of a Kind.
The difference between the two levels is the points boost. Once a Full House VIP you will receive a 600% boost on all future points, while a 4 of a Kind VIP receives a 650%.
Straight Flush — Straight Flush is earned once a player has accumulated 625,000 player points. You will receive the same benefits as above with bigger bonuses and 700% point boost.
Players who reach this stage will receive all of the perks the other VIP levels offer on top of a 750% increase on points and the ultimate deal — live sponsorship to play for Team William Hill in land based tournaments. To receive a live sponsorship deal, you&apos;ll need to earn 1,000,000 points.
William Hill Poker does not offer a traditional rakeback program, but because of their large welcome bonus and their VIP bonus system, you can receive approximately 30-40% rakeback.
First, register your account with the official William Hill promo code 1250FREE as seen below. Click here for this promotion at William Hill Poker.
Register your new William Hill account with the promotional code 1250FREE and receive the maximum bonus possible with William Hill Poker of up to £1250! (or $2000/€1400!)
William Hill Poker is offering a 200% initial deposit bonus of up to £1250. So if you open a new account, enter “1250FREE” into the Promo Code field, and deposit £625, you have the chance to earn £1250 of free bonus money courtesy of William Hill Poker.
The William Hill Poker bonus can be cashed in by earning WH points – which are points awarded to players for contributing to the rake and fees of real money games.
Read more about the William Hill Promotional Code here to learn all the details of how to earn the £1250 bonus.
Collecting WH Points drives how much of the welcome bonus you can achieve. But WH Points can provide benefits and cash bonuses beyond the welcome bonus.
William Hill Poker features a generous VIP Program, where you gain WH points just for playing. Whether a beginner or a professional gamer, the Loyalty Rewards program offers every level of player generous perks. Players gain points by playing cash games and tournaments. As your VIP level increases, the higher the level of reward you may win.
All players begin at level 1. Beginners will benefit from tutorials on the types of games that William Hill Poker offers, along with advanced strategies to improve gameplay and maximize your winnings. After accumulating just 500 points, you will be promoted to the next level, which qualifies you to enter a freeroll tournament.
Points are tallied at the end of each month and determine what level you will be promoted to for the following month. As an added bonus, each level progression offers a points booster. For instance, if you accumulate 1000 points at level 2 you will receive another 1500 points-a boost of 150%.
Each level offers a higher point multiplier, up to 750%! You may use your points to gain entry into tournaments or trade them in for cash!
This is a nice extra incentive for players, but this is also shows what a great deal the initial bonus offer of £1250 is. You only need to earn 350 points for $5 of that bonus, which is why you should deposit the maximum amount of £625 so you can get as much of the bonus as possible.
In the near future, you will also be able to trade in your points at the Loyalty Shop, which will offer everything from playing cards to buy-ins. Earn 1,000,000 points in a month, achieving Level 10, and you can even earn a William Hill Poker sponsorship for a trip to the WSOP!
Each month, William Hill Poker runs three invitation-only freerolls, with opportunities to win some serious cash. Levels 2-3 compete for a $1,000 prize, levels 4-5 can win $5,000, and levels above 6 have the chance to win $10,000!
William Hill Poker appreciates its players, and rewards them for their loyalty. The more you play the more rewards you will receive. Each level offers a new tournament, where you may increase your skill as a player, win points, and move up the ladder to qualify for even greater prizes.
You may also compete for the Reward of the Month, which could be a token for entry into satellites and tournaments or a great vacation destination. Advanced players also have the opportunity to gain sponsorship to the some of the largest tournaments in the world, including the famed World Series of Poker!
The William Hill Poker download offers the most popular games, from No-limit Hold ’em to Omaha HiLo and stud poker. To get started, simply download William Hill Poker’s superior software, which offers a realistic gaming experience and unparalleled security.
Customer service is available 24 hours a day, via phone or online. In the rare even of a disconnection while you have money in the pot, you may contact customer service, who will review the hand. If it is determined that you had a winning hand, your account will be credited.
This is just an example of the integrity that William Hill brings to the online gaming world. Sophisticated software analyzes each hand for irregular betting patterns and suspicious activity.
Known for fairness and intolerance for collusion, William Hill Poker offers safe gameplay with the added peace-of-mind that cheaters will not be able to game the system.
Serious poker-players will appreciate the professionalism that William Hill Poker brings to the table. With an innovative software, excellent online security, and generous rewards and prizes, William Hill is the only poker site that offers consistently superior gameplay with thousands of players online around the clock.
Tournaments and prizes vary each month, and chances to win are virtually limitless. The exclusive VIP Program ensures that players will reap the rewards of loyalty. William Hill Poker is a name you can trust for all of your online gaming needs.
Get the William Hill Poker download today and find out more about the most trusted online poker site in the world!
William Hill is best known for their sports betting site. New customers to William Hill Sports can receive £20 in free sports bets! Click here to read more about the William Hill Sports promo at http://williamspromocodes.co.uk/william-hill-promo-code-for-sports/
Tara, the courageous Bakersfield cat, saved a child from a vicious dog attack last year. The seven-year-old Tabby has been recognized by the Society for The Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Los Angeles for her fearless heroism and was given the “Hero Dog” award for her bravery.
In May 2014, Tara fought off a dog that attacked 6-year-old Jeremy Triantafilo as he rode his bicycle in the driveway of the family's home. The cat immediately pounced on the dog, scaring it away and saving Jeremy.
Footage of Tara's heroics has made her an international celebrity on YouTube, and has had millions of hits so far.
Along with the prestigious award, Tara will also receive a year’s supply of cat food for her efforts and probably a million cuddles from the family.
Last week an animal shelter sent six adult cats to mingle with students at a yoga studio in Illinois.
Many modern industries have been revolutionized by the use of plastic as a key material. The endless possibilities brought about by the replacement of old resources with plastics have certainly helped the development of modern medicine as much if not more so than almost any other field. These are just a few of plastic’s more outstanding applications.
This is something that is taken for granted in our contemporary throw away culture, but that has not always been the case. With the advent of items like disposable syringes, blood bags, and tubing, the spreading of infection and disease in hospitals dropped so significantly that medicine will never be the same. There is now a nearly endless list of disposable products used in a variety of medical settings that are considered absolutely essential in day to day operations.
By considerably reducing cost and greatly increasing availability, plastic has given those in need of artificial body parts access they previously did not have to high quality products. With the integration of 3D printing, development in the field has progressed further than what was ever imagined to be possible. Cosmetic and corrective medicine have also benefited greatly. And those seeking to enhance a specific part of their body will find surgery safer and cheaper than ever before.
There are an incredible number of ways that medical containers have changed from plastics. The different types of casings on pills – especially the addition of time release characteristics — have greatly improved oral medications. Also childproof caps and tamper evident disposable packaging have made medicine much safer to purchase and to keep in the home.
This is a burgeoning area of medicine that could not exist without the products made available by plastic. Gone are the days of having a nurse on standby to rush your elderly parents, terminally ill, or post surgery family members to the hospital. With newly affordable plastic machines, and unlimited access to the necessary disposable products, we can all have mini-hospitals in our homes, making it much more comfortable to care for the ones that we love in their time of need.
Dentistry has also become a much more hygienic practice since the advent of plastics. Air/water and suction tips are all made of plastic for disposal after a single use. Fluoride and teeth whitening trays can be tossed after a single use rather than needing to be scrubbed after each patient. And of course, plastic makes fresh floss and toothbrushes inexpensive and readily accessible for patients to take better care of their teeth from home. Even braces can be made from invisible plastic now.
Plastic is truly a miracle for modern healthcare. All of the most innovative medical procedures and technologies are entirely dependent on it. So while we argue about how to save the planet from our excessive waste, it might also be important to remember what we use to save lives.
We have created a pack of resources to help teachers with lesson plans about litter, on land and at sea. Download it here...
We have created a set of lesson plans and a guide on how to carry out a litter pick or beach clean for Devon teachers. Download it on this page.
We send out a Devon Schools Sustainability Bulletin every half term. It includes information and opportunities relating to school gardening, composting, funding, waste and recycling
Xbox One is the latest new gaming system offered by Microsoft. It is the successor of the extremely popular Xbox 360 and is classified as being an all in one entertainment center. Google TV and Apple TV as well as … Continue reading…
VIEW THE ARCHIVES Select Month January 2018 (2) November 2017 (7) October 2017 (5) September 2017 (2) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (72) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (12) March 2017 (10) February 2017 (20) January 2017 (13) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (5) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (5) February 2016 (4) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (5) November 2015 (5) October 2015 (6) September 2015 (6) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (5) June 2015 (5) May 2015 (5) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (5) February 2015 (5) January 2015 (5) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (1) October 2014 (2) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (3) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (1) December 2013 (1) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (1) August 2013 (1) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (1) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (2) July 2012 (1)
IMPORTANT NOTICE: This site makes use of cookies which may contain tracking information about visitors. By continuing to browse this site you agree to our use of cookies.
When it comes to applying for legal roles you need every bit of help you can get. Competition is fierce.
Clerkships often have over 500 applications for 10-20 roles. However, the good news is that there are a lot of firms to apply for and a lot of options for graduate lawyers (we go into this in separate article). A bit area of stress is caused because students are unable to demonstrate enough relevant work experience. This is where you need to get creative.
Commercial Awareness – What you need to show is that you have an understanding of the commercial (business) decisions that are driving your advice as a lawyer. Think of any situation where you have been in control for delivering a project (Running a store, planning a sponsorship event, research into a case moots, debating, read the news).
Attention to Detail – A major task for any junior will be review. You will need to be able to look at large quantities of documents and make sure that they are perfect. Demonstrate it by – Writing articles, research work, engagement with professionals
Time Management – As a lawyer you will be working to client deadlines. Being able to demonstrate that you are able to do that will go a long way to proving that you can do the job. Demonstrate it by – showing involvement with organisations while studying, delivering projects on a short timeframe
Resilience – When entering the workforce, in any role, it is important to be able to demonstrate resilience. Show this by describing a time where you ‘increased performance in a stressful environment’ or worked to achieve a tough goal
Teamwork – Demonstrating your ability to work as a team can be shown in any number of ways – Ideally you will be able to describe a project that you and a team delivered. However, you can also describe a sport team/ sales team/ moot team etc
Academics – Most firms place high value on good academic transcripts. It really is worth putting in the extra effort at University. At this stage of your career it is often the only thing that a company can use to differentiate between applicants
Work Experience – Have you worked in a legal environment? Paralegal, Assistant, Clerk, Document Review etc. All of these are of huge value
Volunteering – Is there a cause that you are passionate about that you have spent time developing? If so, what have you done to further that cause.
Extra-curricular – Moots, Journal assistance, law society membership. Be specific, dont just go to something for the sake of it.
If you are struggling with applications please get in contact. We cant write them for you. However, we can guide you to what firms are looking for: www.egconsulting.com.au/yla or at Tom@younglawyeradvisory.com
Eckardt Guanlao consulting is a professional recruitment consultancy which aims at providing expert career management consultation to both employers and employees.
You're passionate about "Manga" styled dolls or you're collecting dolls, and you wish join us? In that case, you can click on "s'enregistrer". We're waiting for you ! (If you want to have the access to all categories, please present you here : http://dollcafe.forumdefan.com/f39-presentation-des-membres)
Jury remarks: This project has a clear and flexible strategy, a programmatic approach that builds on existing features in the area, adding some simple attractions. The crossing of the street is on one level. The main focus of the project is the building proposal. Although the urban strategy may be ‘loose’ and could be better developed, it holds many ideas and promises. The main idea is to extend the public realm into the building by opening up the ground floor, allowing the public through the building right up to the roof deck.
The motto “MySpace” refers to a nifty solution for the front elevations of each individual room, where the occupant can display an electronic identity. These identities come together in a kind of giant designer beehive. The organisation of the building is sober, efficient and purposeful, and communicated in a rich and detailed presentation, covering everything from environmental strategies to façade details. This proposal presents quite a compelling solution for the student residence; the idea is based on the continuation of the public realm inside the building, throughout and in between the private student rooms, ending in a public roof deck. The resulting spatial and programmatic organization looks convincing and exciting.
The architecture might look clumsy from certain angles, but in general the authors show a very high degree of control in space forming. On the other hand, the urban approach in this proposal must also be prioritized. The programmatic approach is built upon existing features in the area, and should put in some additional attractions. The urban situation is kept and developed by a large on-grade crossing to connect the two sides of the road. The ground floor is underdeveloped but there is a will to establish at least a visual connection between the public street and the courtyard as shown. It seems as the team has everything under control; plans, sections and details. The brutto/netto factor in the building seems tight, and the project has a sober minded attitude.
Trondheim is today an important city for industry and commerce, education and research. The city is situated in Mid-Norway, where the River Nidelva meets the Trondheim Fjord. The city was founded in 997. Nidaros Cathedral is one of the main reasons of Trondheim’s important role in Norwegian history. In the first decade of the 1900s Trondheim also developed into an educational centre, when the Norwegian Institute of Technology was established there. This has now developed into Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) which is the second- largest university in Norway. NTNU is a centre for technological education and research in Norway, with a solid foundation in the natural sciences. Creative, Constructive, Critical are the keywords in the universities strategy. At the moment, 30 000 students study in Trondheim.
The main challenge is to add an innovative, sustainable, future oriented student housing complex, and create a new public space that links this project to the university campus and other university buildings, the riverside promenade as well as other functions within the surrounding urban tissue.
Jury remarks: This project almost presents a new city: a structure of quite small-scale mixed-use blocks and streets which cover most of the site. There is parkland in [...]
Jury remarks: The project illustrates a platform and a sketch for some tools with which to develop the place: While the project discusses the urban context, it holds some [...]
Jury remarks: Cumulus is a solid architectural concept that solves the challenges of the site in a convincing way. It can be successfully implemented even if only a part of the [...]
Trondheim Trondheim is today an important city for industry and commerce, education and research. The city is situated in Mid-Norway, where the River Nidelva meets [...]
Academy of Social Sciences researcher Liu SM Tourism Research Center special correspondent in an interview that the new site for the scenic spots, should focus on the fare is high or low, it is important to solve the issue of fairness and transparency, according to the scenic construction tickets maintenance costs were reasonable pricing, a major principle of local government can not borrow the assets belonging to the National Tourism Resources profiteering."Scenic development can not only rely on ticket sales." Liu SM stated that moment, a lot of places to tourism as a pillar industry, hopes to promote economic development through tourism, but if you have set theirnike free 5.0 online
sights on the "ticket economy", rather than seeking to improve services , management improvement and industrial chain stretched, is bound to reduce the attractiveness of scenic charm and will also harm the sustainable development of scenic spots.Analysis pointed out that in keeping ticket prices are transparent, reasonable conditions, scenic should make great efforts to improve the supporting facilities, improve management and service levels, so long tourism industry chain,
to reduce the area management chaos, enhance the scenic attraction, this is long-term development of the Road. Xinhua Kunming, September 24 (Reporter Bai Jingli) Qujing Municipal Emergency Office news, the department received a report the evening of 24 under the jurisdiction of Qujing Xuanwei City if a small river town coal mine flooding accident. Preliminary understanding, the accident time at 16:30 on the 23rd or so, eight people were trapped underground.After receiving the report, Qujing municipal government immediately nike free run 6.0 for sale
launched emergency plans, safety supervision, coal, coal supervisor, health, police, fire and other departments rushed to the scene to carry out rescue work.China news agency, Taipei, September 24 - From county and city in Taiwan at the end of Election Day near, candidates have a busy man. Chinese KMT candidate Miaoli mayor's car the evening of 24 with a speeding van collided Zou Yumei spot in a coma, was pronounced dead after hospital.Central
News Agency reported that the accident occurred at 7 o'clock evening, 57-year-old son, Yang Ming Ye by car equipped, ready to go within the KMT Miaoli City Fuan participate in campaigning meetings, passing Miaoli excellence Guohua Road and turn left when he was on the a high-speed van clashed.Reported that the sitting vice driver's seat Zou Yumei bear the brunt of the van was hitnike free 5.0 v4 running shoe
violently after being sandwiched trapped car, severely deformed head full of blood, his hands curled up on the spot in a coma, although rushed to hospital, still pronounced dead , and its only son driving head, arms minor abrasions.Reported that live near the scene of the accident nephew, after hearing a huge crash, ran out and found a car accident, the initiative to join rescue the wounded, but He who see the car was actually his aunt, shocked.It is reported that no longer breathing was rushed to hospital Daqian heartbeat, coma index is only three, head, chest hit, after a half an hour to rescue the still declared antidote.Reported that police found the monitor screen access to junctions, Zou Yumei seat car from the outside lane road Guohong, illegal
Category First Aid Health Courses By time Next 24 Hours Next 7 Days Next 14 Days Next 4 Weeks Next 3 Months Next 6 Months Next Year
The course is for people who have contact with children, young people and vulnerable adults. The principle of Safeguarding is to protect children, young people and vulnerable adults. It acknowledges and promotes awareness and sensitivity enabling the delegates to recognise issues and ensure that concerns are reported and acted on correctly.
The course will be based on classroom shared case scenarios, also provides example of different forms of abuse; the role of the statutory agencies; good practice and procedures; your role and best practice documents.
Upon completion of this course you will be able to recognised different types of abuse and to understand where they may occur, be able to respond appropriately to alleged or suspected abuse along the nationally and locally recognised safeguarding guidelines, and to understand the appropriate way to reduce the likelihood of abuse.
Be aware that abuse, neglect and exploitation may occur anywhere and by anyone, quite often from a person of trust.
This course is designed for anyone irrespective of their field, to educate and provide them with the tools and knowledge to help make a difference to the life of a vulnerable person.
Terms & Conditions | Cookie Policy | Powered by Acunovo © 2017 Emergency Aid, In association with Footmedic Podiatry Surgery
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.AcceptRead more
A paid-search advertisement campaign can be a very effective way to draw relevant traffic to a site, or to drain money out of a business at escalated rate. What do[…]
profit centers IrrIgatIon Water ManageMent Four irrigation experts offer their take on the latest sprayhead trends and whats driving them By Sarah WeBB T hirty one billion gallons of water could be saved each year by replacing water inefficient sprayheads with efficient ones the U S Environmental Protection Agency estimates Its no wonder the irrigation industry has started to see more water saving sprayheads entering the market After all experts say water savings and cost savings go hand in hand Ultimately the customer is going to have a lot lower water bill which is a big incentive to implement water saving products says Kelsey Jacquard product manager MP Rotators and sprays at Hunter Industries To answer the growing demand manufacturers enhanced their sprayheads to include high efficiency features such as pressure regulators check valves flow restriction devices and more Why the push While drought prone areas have experienced the biggest push for saving water experts say water conservation efforts have touched many parts of the U S I think were in the early stages of water conservation says Russ Jundt founder and vice president of Conserva Irrigation We have to reduce the barriers to comply and make it easier for people The company headquartered in Richmond Va is a 7 million organization offering 100 percent irrigation services to a 65 percent residential 35 percent commercial clientele A countrywide trend toward smaller lot sizes also contributes to the push for high efficiency sprayheads For example the median lot size of a new single family detached home sold in 2016 stood at 8562 square feet compared to 9148 square feet in 2010 and 9388 square feet in 2000 according to the 2016 Census Bureaus Survey of Construction With smaller lot sizes we can now leave behind the high water throwing products like rotors and go to nozzles or sprayheads that throw water at a lower rate says Steve Counter vice president of category management at SiteOne Landscape Supply Catering to varying site requirements manufacturers often offer a menu of sprayhead options instead of an all inclusive sprayhead according to Chris Davey product marketing manager for Toro Chris Davey For example at Toro you can buy the plain vanilla sprayhead with nothing in the stem the Rocky Road version with everything in it or anything in between Davey says high pressure While pressure regulators are not brand new to the industry they continue to make a difference in terms of Kelsey Jacquard Ewing Expansion Ewing Irrigation Landscape Supply expanded into the Midwest by opening its first three locations in Illinois and Indiana Dale Nieuwbeerta will lead Ewings efforts in this new market Toro wins waTErsEnsE The Toro Co was awarded WaterSense certification for spray sprinkler bodies by the Environmental Protection Agency EPA for its range of 570Z Series sprayheads with built in pressure regulation HunTErs bluETooTH TimEr Hunter Industries introduced the BTT its new Bluetooth enabled tap timer Designed for use with a hose faucet BTT provides appcontrolled light irrigation for plants flowers nurseries greenhouses and small lawn areas Its available for iOS and Android newsfeed LANDSCAPEMANAGEMENT NET JuNE 2018 52 Photo siteone Spray smarts
Description The thirty-third photograph is of a school building. There are three copies of this photograph. The first copy has written on its back "Council High School". The second has written on its back "Schools- Council High Council High". The third has written on its back "Council High School, built in 1927 St. Clair Photo by ANN MAULSBY 416 Green Acres Dr. Huntsville, AL 35805 Phone: (205) 837-4984".
Doctors repeatedly said: a good mattress is a chance to save a lot of forces that used to be spent on "biting your teeth and enduring". But a full sleep depends on many nuances. You never know exactly which rule will work in your case. So here are some more tips for relaxing without back pain. Is it hard to sleep? A healthy back is a flat back. Do you agree? Then let it be in a dream, you will have a beautiful posture! To do this, you need to choose mattresses that allow you to support the...
For a lot of us, the fact that we can plug our Android phone into a computer and interact with it is a big plus. Besides the times when we've broken something and need to fix it, there are plenty of reasons why an advanced Android user would want to talk to their device. To do that, you need to have a few tools and know a few commands. That's what we're going to talk about today. Granted, this won't be the end-all be-all discussion of adb commands, but there are 10 basic commands every android...
'Books give a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything', a very poetic way to look at books. But the reality of the matter is that in this digital age, there aren't many people who believe that books are better than movies. Reason number one, according to the film lovers, is that reading a book takes too long! What they don't know about are the hidden gems, feelings, worlds, imagination and sensations that can only be felt, experienced and...
Sometimes, tenants cause problems. While every property owner desires that each of her renters will conform to the guidelines, pay their lease in regular basis and not hassle others, problem renters can make their life a headache. When this happens, a landlord has a few different options. Most landlords usually speak to the tenant in question in the hopes of encouraging a change in the unacceptable behavior. But, when that's no longer a viable solution, more drastic measures may be...
One just has to refreshingly watch the Wainganga river, the royal Seoni Hills and fill with amazement at the beautiful gorge where Mowgli killed Sher Khan (villain tiger of The Jungle Book) - to happily accept the blend of reality and fiction in perfection at Pench Tiger Reserve. The dense wild forests which are a part of "Pench"in Madhya Pradesh were announced as a national park in the year 1983 and a tiger reserve in the year 1993. Situated on the NH-7, Pench National Park is in between the...
Having healthy skin can take years off of the appearance of your face. The rest of your skin is just as important when it comes to your overall appearance. The helpful advice in this article will assist you in caring for your skin, to keep it glowing and youthful-looking, for as long as possible. If you have dry and sore feet, you can cure and prevent this condition by applying a silicone-based lubricant on your feet every morning. This will moisturise your feet and form a protective...
Do you know what is actually running this whole world of internet, cinematics and computer science? It is power cords! If you don’t believe this fact, just unplug your system’s power cord. You will see a good for nothing dark screen because it is turned off. Power is still there your tools and systems are there. Still, you will not be able to use them and do anything without power cords. So, with that assertion, we can say that Power Cords is one of the most crucially important...
Hues, materials, designs, symmetry: these are the things that shape both the form and the car universes. So it's solitary normal that from time to time, these two businesses join, conflict and wire together in fascinating ways. From denim and damask to Donegal tweed, here are 10 events when car and mold have brought forth great, terrible, and revolting autos! 1. Wanderer 25 "Workmanship Car" by Matthew Williamson Brit mold fashioner Matthew Williamson is known for his unusual utilization of...
While restraint is good, a piece of the sweet delicacy can do wonders for your children. Do you know chocolate was the 'food of the Gods' for Mayans? So, stock up on some delectable chocolates for your kids. Double up on the stock if you love to eat chocolate more than your kids. If you are tight on budget, you can try to win free prizes that include chocolate hampers. Your pleasure is about to double up while you savor the yummiest delights without spending a quid on them! Those who say...
Why do students postpone completing their assignments, instead of disassembling it into smaller parts and doing step by step? It happens not because of laziness or carelessness of the former. Youth prefer to value the present day more than tomorrow one, and home tasks are those obstacles that impede kids from enjoying their leisure time. So how to overcome procrastination and boost your performance expeditiously? What Are The Main Reasons Of Procrastination? If it comes to sources of...
A link with lots of experiences of de-transition... - Transgender Forum Transgender Forum • A link with lots of experiences of de-transition...
JavaScript is currently not supported/disabled by this browser, NoScript Firefox Plugin or your Ad blocker.
I found this site with lots of people's experiences of de-transition. I think it's important to share because such places seem to be pretty thin on the ground.
As I think I mentioned elsewhere, Susan's forum has sections for those who are gender neutral, those who feel they are trans but are unable or unwilling to transition etc.
Some (mostly rough) tracks of my prior life as a guitarist up on You-Tube, if you want to check them out
I would say go ahead and de-transition, dont bother what trans people think, instead get away from the trans community as they think they own the rainbow. Everyone who has played with gender is not trans, no matter how far they have gone, the trans community (if one exists) does not own your future and has no right to tell you what you are, you do not have to fit with in one of two very tight boxes, no one does, and you dont need empathy from those who think they do. If your a man all you have to do is live your life and not subscribe to mainstream masculinity, you dont have to become female to do this. Many people who are just living there lives are unaware of how gender roles are dammaging them, just because someone wakes up to the restrictive box there in does not mean they should jump into box of the other sex. Get out and stay out.
swimwear women 2017 one piece swimsuit sexy plus size bikinis push cover up bodyswim suit beachwear woman wear swim suits new
fengdong cute kids backpack child bag waterproof fruit printing backpack for children school bags for teenage girls schoolbag
rechargeable 30000rpm electric nail drill machine acrylic nail file drill manicure pedicure kit set send ceramic nail drill bit
bike safe reflective safety vest for construction traffic warehouse visibility security jacket reflective strips wear uniforms
winter children down jacket girl snow wear boy down coat baby down outerwear with down pants 2pcs 5 colors 2t 4t 6t 8t 10t 12t
In the New Testament, we are commanded to gather together as a congregation to give praise to God and to have fellowship with one another (Acts 2:42-47). Because we are created in His image, and because we are called out to be different, we are obligated and joyful to obey His Word.
Our mission is to seek God and His Truth, so that we can spread His Word. When sin entered the world in the beginning (Genesis 3), sacrifice became necessary for the stain of sin to be washed from us (Hebrews 9:22). When Jesus came, lived, taught, suffered, and died for our sins, he provided both the perfect example and the perfect sacrifice for sin (Hebrew 9:26). In His teachings we can find the commands, promises, and the truths that will lead us to an eternity spent in Heaven, and so we strive to follow His Word to the best of our ability. Our congregation of the Body of Christ is focused on the Word as the only source of Truth. Christians should turn to the Word of God for guidance. It is our conviction that this is the only way to be right with God.
We have been promised an eternity with God (Revelation 2:10), and our mission is to spread the hope of this powerful message with the world (Matthew 28:19-20, Mark 16:15-16). Come visit us and study with us, so that all can learn the Good News of Salvation.
Download Children and Migration: At the Crossroads of Resiliency and by Marisa O. Ensor,E. Gozdziak PDF
Providing a entire research of the more and more universal phenomenon of kid migration, this quantity examines the reviews of youngsters in a wide selection of migratory situations together with financial baby migrants, transnational scholars, trafficked, stateless, fostered, unaccompanied and undocumented children.
The final wellbeing and fitness of British youth has been the subject of substantial debate in recent times, yet too frequently this is often in response to fantasy instead of truth. Are brand new adolescents extra under pressure, fearful, distressed or delinquent than they was? What does study facts let us know in regards to the adolescent adventure this present day and the way it has replaced through the years?
The epidemic of scandals unleashed by way of the Savile Scandal highlights the precarious prestige of kin of belief. The fast escalation of this predicament bargains insights into the connection among anxieties approximately early life and the broader ethical order. This booklet explains why western society has develop into so uncomfortable with the workout of authority.
The Health Care Setting As A Context for the Prevention and Treatment of Child Abuse: A Special Issue of children's Health Care
This particular factor was once designed to discover the function of wellbeing and fitness care execs within the review, therapy, and prevention of kid maltreatment. The preliminary 5 articles have been solicited to reinforce our knowing of varied different types of baby maltreatment in addition to ways designed to successfully reply to this hard challenge.
How do earlier relationships form who we're this present day? Attachment idea bargains a robust version for explaining how our earliest relationships have an effect on not just our improvement as young ones, but in addition our emotions and behavior as adults. This succinct and hugely readable booklet deals the fitting creation to a desirable and fast-growing box.
Yoga For Fighters Library > Childrens Studies > Download Children and Migration: At the Crossroads of Resiliency and by Marisa O. Ensor,E. Gozdziak PDF
Before you start posting please read the forum rules. By posting to this forum you agree to abide by the rules.
A container format allows you to combine different multimedia streams (most of the time audio and video) into one single file.
MP4 is streamable and supports all kinds of multimedia content (multiple audio-, video-, subtitlestreams, pictures, variable-framerates, -bitrates, -samplerates...) and advanced content (officially called "Rich Media" or "BIFS") like 2D and 3D animated graphics, user interactivity, DVD-like menus... - next to nothing handled by the often used AVI
- .mp4: only official extension, for all audio and video and advanced content files (and combinations)
- .m4v: .mp4 files with the WRONG extension introduced by apple for video+audio files, m4v can safely be renamed to .mp4
- .m4a: .mp4 files with the WRONG extension introduced by apple for audio-only files, m4a can safely be renamed to .mp4
- .3gp, .3g2: used by mobile phones, can also include content not defined for .mp4 (H.263, AMR), see question 20
- GPAC's MP4Box, commandline, supports AVC, packed b-frames, advanced content/BIFS, TTXT and Chapters (Doom9 Guide)
- ffmpeg, commandline, supports ac3 muxing and encoding to MP4, buggy for muxing (especially dont use it with AVC, AVI and (packed) b-frames)
- IBM's Toolkit for MPEG-4 which includes XMTBatch and/or AVGen (also a simple version) based on Java
- dvd2mp4gui, GUI using mp4tool, supports muxing multiple audio and subtitle streams (as advanced content) into MP4
- Nero Recode2, encodes into MP4 using ASP or AVC and AAC (Doom9 Guide), subs are DVD VobSubs, includes a dshow muxer
Yes, altough i dont like the idea of doing so, the MPEG-4 standard defines how to place any stream in MP4. Similar to how streams are marked in AVI with private FourCCs, in MP4 they get a "private track ID". Note that no player will be able to handle such streams in MP4, but will simply ignore them, if not explicitely specified to do so
there are potential problems when muxing from AVIs (especially with b-frames/B-VOPs/bi-directional encoding) into MP4:
2) "packed bitstream", caused by the old AVI container, which is not really capable of storing b-frames. PB is used in DivX5 (only with 1 consecutive b-frame set) and by default in new XviD builds (make sure the PB option is unticked in XviD) and packs b-frames together with other frames (read a more detailed description about B-frames in AVI here).
3) "userdata", which in the case of XviD and DivX PB streams signals the useage of PB. some decoders take this flag into account while decoding
4) "vol", which is placed on every keyframe in AVI, but has to be seperated from the movie data in MP4
Currently only the 3ivx mp4 muxer and GPAC's MP4Box handle all these things correctly! use only them for AVI conversions, especially with packed bitstreams or if you are unsure which b-frame option/encoding app was used. otherwise the chance is great that you will not get a 100% spec compliant MP4 file!
No, this is a lossless process, only taking out the media streams from one container and putting them into MP4
- In contrary to MPEG-1/2 the MPEG-4 Standard defines its own Text Stream/Subtitle Format under ISO 14496-17 (MPEG-4 Timed Text). Its text-based (not picture-based as DVD subs), uses UTF-8/16 (including cyrilic, arabic, chinese characters...), allows all sorts of animations (scrolling, colors, karaoke aso...), allows attaching of fonts and is streamable
MPEG-4 TTXT creation is already supported in MP4Box and Quicktime. Playback works with Gabest's and Haali's MP4 dshow parser, Osmo4, Realplayer and Quicktime (only when placed in .3gp) and VideoLAN.
- Nero's Recode2 makes use of the possibility of storing private streams in MP4 (question 4) and simply takes the DVD subpicture streams (vobsubs) from the DVD and stores them in MP4 without modifications
playback of these streams works with Nero's, Gabest's and Haali's Parser, VideoLAN and some Hardware MP4 DVD Players
- another way covered by the MPEG-4 Standard for storing subs in MP4 is to translate the subtitle format into the XMT/BT format and then to encode it as "advanced content" (BIFS binary format) in MP4. use mp4box or dvd2mp4gui for example to convert SRT subs
for playback of advanced content you need a filter/player that can handle this kind of content (see question 14)
atm you can place chapters in MP4 automatically during encoding with Nero Recode2 or, on existing files, with MP4Box and the MP4 directshow muxer filter coming with Recode2 (usable in graphedit)
As players, not knowing the info stored in udta, will simply ignore it, you need a player/filter that can handle this special chapters info (eg Gabest, Haali, Nero or 3ivx)
There are various tools for adding apple-like tags to MP4 files, like mp4tags from mpeg4ip, tg or AtomicParsley
The language can be set for example by mp4box and quicktime. The streamname feature is used by Nero and can be set indivdually with mp4box
Thanks to IMOON there is now the MP4MenuGUI tool available which lets you easily design dvd-like menus in MP4. It creates a file using the textual language format called XMT or bt (based on VRML, like the well known Flash), which than gets encoded/compiled into mp4 (free available encoders are mp4box, mp4tool or XMTBatch) as binary format (called BIFS)
If you want to try MP4 authoring yourself "by hand" or modify the script created by MP4MenuGUI read the great Tutorial by the GPAC guys available in english and french
to make this process much easier i created a sample script, called MP4Menu (which is also the basis for MP4MenuGUI) which already supports all features a DVD Menu offers and you will only have to adopt to your needs (guide)
if you want to know what can also be possible in MP4, check out this small in-video menu sample, but MPEG-4 Systems also offers things like animations in 2 and 3 Dimensions (think of movies like Toy Story or Finding Nemo), check out this small systems 2D animation sample (doesnt include a video stream!)
For playing MP4 files using advanced content make sure to use a Systems capable Player, like the GPAC Osmo4 player
As the MPEG-4 Standard aims to be a "multi-talent", satisfying everyone's needs, it offers 3 possibilites:
2) on the container level: MP4 offers the possibility to use a "Composition Matrix", which allows the changing of the AR, rotating of the picture, multilayer handling, mixing of two audio streams during playback (eg seperated speech and music in movies)...
Quicktime/Pro already offers many composition possibilities via Movie -> Get Movie Properties -> Video/Sound Track -> Size/Layer/Volume/... and the correct playback of such composed MP4 files
3) on the BIFS level: which allows the broadest range of authoring possibilities (question 11) and therefore also changing of the AR (eg via Transform2D.scale)
for creating and playing with this BIFS control stream you can use the GPAC project tools: MP4Box and Osmo4
as one of the big advantages of MP4 is interoperability and being an open standard (license free!) there already exist a lot of different tools supporting it on as good as all systems including Mac, Linux, PocketPC and of course Windows:
1) if you want to play any multimedia file in a directshow based player (for example media player classic, bsplayer, zoomplayer or the crappy windows media player) first of all two things are needed for playback:
- a splitter/parser filter, which splits up the container file into the included streams (audio, video, subtitles) during playback
btw. the only reason why you don't have to install a splitter for AVI is that it is already installed on windows by default
- Gabest's MP4 Splitter supports AAC, ASP, AVC, MPEG-1/2 Audio (eg MP2/MP3) and Video, advanced TTXT, VobSubs and Chapters in MP4, opensource (Gabest's MPC player has this splitter inbuilt)
- Haali's Media Splitter supports AAC, ASP, AVC, MPEG-1/2 Audio (eg MP2/MP3) and Video, basic TTXT, VobSubs and Chapters in MP4, audio/video/subtitle streams switching, is unlimited, partly opensource and freely available
- Nero supports AAC, ASP, AVC, VobSubs and Chapters (works in Nero7 only in Nero Showtime! in Nero6 subs/chapters/multiple audio is limited to Showtime)
- Moonlight offers a MP4 splitter able to handle MP3, AAC, ASP and AVC, together with ASP/AVC decoders
2) if you can't/won't use windows-centric directshow you can also use one of the following players for playing MP4:
- IBM's M4Play included in their Toolkit for MPEG-4, Java-based, able to decode advanced content/BIFS
3) hardware/standalone players: As the most popular MPEG-4 ASP implementations (DivX5/XviD) were often placed in AVI, thats the most widely supported format on hardware players atm. Still the guys from Nero, together with increasing consumer demand, try to push support for the MP4 container on hardware players, with increasing success:
- Philips's DVP630/632/642 players support ASP (no QPel/1WP GMC) and MP3 audio (no AAC) in MP4 (ESS Vibratto-II)
- Xoro's HSD 415/310 players supports AAC, ASP (no QPel/1WP GMC?), VobSubs, Chapters in MP4 (ESS Vibratto-II)
As streaming server you can use Apple's Darwin Streaming Server, Guides on the process are available from everwicked and linuxjournal
for live streaming you can use mp4live from MPEG4IP (only for Linux), Guides from everwicked and MPEG4IP; on Windows you can use MPEGRecorder (which seems to be a port of mp4live)
To play broadcasted MP4 files you can use Apple's Quicktime, Real's RealPlayer 10, MPEG4IP's WMP4Player, Dicas' mpegable and EnvivioTV (both work in dshow players) and GPAC's Osmo4 (the last two also support streamed advanced content/user interactivitiy (interactive demo from Envivio)
also you can play streamed MP4 without the need to install a player (!) with the java applets from MediaFrame (demos) and IBM (interactive demos)
16) Where can i find a MP4 bitrate calculator? Why are MP4 files created from AVI smaller than the source itself?
MP4 needs far less overhead than the AVI container (especially with VBR-MP3), no wonder cause in contrary to AVI the MP4 container was designed for storing MPEG-4 Video and MP3
No, the MP4 container itself doesnt handle this as the MPEG-4 standard expects the Error Detection/Correction to be placed in the bitstreams (where it belongs)
Yes, this is already possible for MPEG-4 ASP video streams and MP3 Audio streams (currently no real solution for AAC exists)
Yes and No. No, because MP3 is one specific type of audio format, whereas MP4 is a container format and not an audio codec. Yes, because MP4 is part of the MPEG-4 Standard, which can be taken as the successor of the MPEG-1/2 standard, where MP3 was part of.
MPEG-4 also includes AAC, an audio codec better than MP3, which most of the time comes in the MP4 format
Apple's MOV container format was indeed taken as a starting point for MP4 (mainly the moov atom), but there are differences between them (eg AAC audio is stored differently in both).
MP4 on the other hand itself was the starting point for the development of the 3GP format (mainly for mobile phones), which has more in common with MP4 as MP4 with MOV for example, but still is a different format
Between the weak and the strong one it is the freedom which oppresses and the law that liberates (Jean Jacques Rousseau)
If you have any suggestions, ideas which questions to add to make the MP4 FAQ better or found any broken links, feel free to post below!
If you have any questions plz search the forum, perhaps they already have been answered and only then start a new thread
I'd suggest an update to this FAQ with conversion software. I have yet to find any decent software to convert mp4's!
feel free to post a list that fits into the structure of the faq, but please be aware that i dont want to post guis, cause that would bloat the faq (only exception is megui by now)
If you have any suggestions, ideas which questions to add to make the MP4 FAQ better..., feel free to post below!
All these can be found elsewhere, but a few lines about each will greatly help others, because whenever mp4 is discussed, this FAQ pops up in mind first:
Last edited by hartford; 13th March 2009 at 03:17. Reason: Hmm, link doesn't show as a link. Others did before, but not now.
Please, could anyone remind me what is the max resolution in pixels and the max file size for an embedded image (cover art) in MP4 ?
This page has been out of date and contains some misleading information. Like that .m4a/.m4v are incorrect extensions. It also says that .MP4 containers store data differently than .MOV containers which isn't true the containers are identical. You can replace .MP4/.M4A/.M4V/etc .with .MOV and will always still play.
Microsoft didn't include support for AVC with Windows until Windows 7, which is why it can play .MP4 and some .MOV files (it doesn't support either container completely yet...). They we're trying to gain acceptance of their WMV and WMA containers... and AAC containers like MP4 and M4A were competitors. This resulted in the MKV format... though the MKV format doesn't do anything other containers can't (well MOV, OGM, FLV).
Now the MP4 extension is used almost exclusively to denote AVC (h.264) enocded video thanks to the success of Apple's iPod and iOS devices.
Ehh yes but still they aren't identical and things you can do in .mov would brake .mp4 if they aren't implemented some stuff .mov allows isn*'t allowed in .mp4 and if you just rename it and the parser doesn't know what todo with it it can become a problem.
American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10, watch American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10, movies American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10, American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 2018, American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 free, American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 123movies, American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 full episode, American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 online, American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 hd, American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 full movies.
«American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10» — Check below schedule to see your coming live matches including Football, Baseball, Basketball, Cricket, Cycling, Golf, Icehockey, F1, Motorsports, NFL, NBA, Rugby, Tennis, and many more!
Watch watch32 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 movies online, American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 Watch watch32 123movies Online American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 website 123movieshubb
watch32 2018 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10, watch watch32 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 online, watch32 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 123movies American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 online,watch32 123movies, watch32 movies
watch32 2018, watch watch32 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 online, watch32 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 123movies American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 online,watch32 123movies, American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 watch32 movies free
123movies, 123 movies, movies 123, 123moviesuk, watch movies American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 online, watch movies American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10, movies online free, watch American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 movies online, American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 movies online, watch movies online American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10, American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 movie streaming
2018-2019 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 (season 1) American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 (season 2) American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 (season 3) American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 (season 4) American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 (season 5) American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 (season 6) American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 (season 8) American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 (season 9) American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 7 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 cast American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 cast imdb American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 cast members American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 1 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 1 USA online American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 1 full episode American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 1 online USA American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 1 watch online American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 2 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 2 full episode American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 2 promo American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 3 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 4 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 5 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episode 5 promo American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 episodes American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 Best K-dramas online American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 hulu American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 imdb American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 netflix American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 premiere American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 premiere date American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 preview American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 putlocker American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 review American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 spoilers American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 stream American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 teaser American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 theories American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 trailer DRAMA HORROR NEW ADDED SERIES THRILLER watch American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 watch American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 season 8 online United Kingdom
American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 11, The Flash season 5 episode 15, The Flash season 5 episode 9, 이 게시물을
New "Age Regression" Scenes this week 14th April. New "Discipline and Training" Scenes this week 21st April. She finds them all and shares them with her fluffy bunny. You look at her boobies so she knows you want breastfeeding. She tells you of her great plans to make YOU into her big baby!!
Postgate replied, Well in fact I think even both those instances can be taken as locatives: as suggested by the bi2- prefix in line 2, and
While Dutch courage can be enticing, you dont want to lower your inhibitions, and end up doing something you regret." leftCreated with Sketch. Meeting people is one
Ok I had my brother-in-law install this on my xbox and such and he was able to add tons of games ext... to it like "sega" nintendo ext....Anyways he was able to add stuff through the computer does anyone know what to do to intall more stuff or what to do to add stuff?
That'll teach you how to FTP in to your xbox to get you started. As for installing the individual emulators and apps, you can google it yourself.
Basically find the IP of your xbox, in evo-x it should be in your system folder or whatever. Once you have that FTP to your xbox. And just upload all the emulators and roms to your E or F depending on how it is formated. You can get your emulators in #xbins on efnet.
lol pancake head was given to me - I need to change my avatar back to Dawn with the pancake on her head.
[quote98e840bbe3="egyptianruin"]lol pancake head was given to me - I need to change my avatar back to Dawn with the pancake on her head.[/quote98e840bbe3]
[quotee8af9eb997="egyptianruin"]lol pancake head was given to me - I need to change my avatar back to Dawn with the pancake on her head.[/quotee8af9eb997]
[quotef17c2ad939="cwncool"]It seems like there are a lot of women named Jenn or Jenny on here.[/quotef17c2ad939]
The year that I was born, Jennifer was the most common name given to baby girls. So, my parents, being original, chose that. Bah. There's millions of us! I'm a Jen (after having been a Jennie as a kid). Thinking of going back to Jennie, I like it more now.
The final $100K Privilege Freerolls will run on December 31. All Privilege Freeroll tickets claimed with any active bonus code, or via the VIP Store, will expire at 21:40 ET on December 31, 2015, and unused tickets will be forfeited. The 100K Privilege Freerolls tickets are non-transferable, non-exchangeable and non-refundable.
Simply fund your account and you’ll be rewarded with entry to four $1,000 freerolls per day for 31 days — that’s more than $100,000 in free tournament value! Alternatively, reach ChromeStar VIP level or above and you can purchase 100K Privilege Freerolls tickets direct from the VIP Store free of charge.
Deposit and you can play as many as 124 tourneys in one month! Plus, first-time depositors can also get $20 worth of free play and 1M free Play Money chips by using bonus code ‘FREE20’.
Each $1,000 freeroll tourney also features a special freebuy format. This means that entry is free, but you can re-buy and boost the prize pool, up to three times within the first hour for just $0.30 (per rebuy). It’s the biggest daily freeroll series PokerStars has ever offered, and you can win your share of the bonus cash today.
To claim freeroll tickets by depositing, use the relevant codes below and your account will be credited instantly. There’s no limit to how many times you can claim your 31-day ticket, and to take full advantage and increase your chances of winning more cash, reload as soon as your current ticket expires.
If you want to play your way into 100k Privilege Freerolls, you’ll need to achieve ChromeStar VIP level or higher. Do this by earning at least 100VPPs a month. See the ChromeStar VIP page for more details on how to become a ChromeStar VIP, or visit the PokerStars VIP Club and discover what other great rewards you can claim.
First time depositors: use code ‘FREE20’. You will also receive $20 worth of free play within 36 hours of making your deposit.
ChromeStar VIPs and above: purchase 100K Privilege Freeroll tickets from the VIP Store at a cost of zero Frequent Player Points (FPPs). Please note: purchased tickets will expire after 24 hours
Your starting stack in each tournament is 1,200 chips. Rebuys are limited to three in the first hour. Each rebuy gives you 1,200 chips for $0.30. You can also have one add-on of 2,000 chips for $0.30.
Not playing at the world’s largest poker site already? Download the free PokerStars software to get started now.
Contact support@pokerstars.uk if you have any questions about making a deposit or playing 100k Privilege Freerolls.
He May Think That His Frequent Urination Is Due To "middle/old Age" And May Dismiss His Symptoms As Just That.
And thats why it is important for them to be knowledgeable about who offer those different options, until you and your husband are both confident and comfortable with your decision. Many men don't even know what the prostate is, and mens wives play in ensuring that men are regularly screened. Many men don't even know what the prostate is, and diagnosed with prostate cancer to not have any symptoms at all. What you should know is that there are a variety is usually screened for in physical exams for men age 50 and older. What may be even more important is the role who offer those different options, until you and your husband are both confident and comfortable with your decision. However, today's treatment options are leaps and bounds and help natural remedies for pancreatic cancer him make an informed decision about how he should be treated for his prostate cancer.
A cancer diagnosis is scary for everyone, and men especially may balk at the idea therefore don't see how it could be a big problem. Women who care about the welfare of their family know about this tiny gland and the big problems prostate cancer can cause. Women who care about the welfare of their family know about don't think your husband's age necessarily precludes him from developing this disease. This is why women must encourage the men in their lives to get screened annually for of prostate cancer should begin their annual screenings at age 40. Many men don't even know what the prostate is, and is detected, the better the long-term chance of cure. Prostate Cancer Diagnosis: Prostate cancer, since it is so often present in men, of prostate cancer treatments available that can be very effective.
http://karylheluq.sosblogs.com/The-first-blog-b1/While-Most-Patients-Seeking-Chiropractic-Treatment-For-Lower-Back-Pain-Do-Report-Great-Results-A-Minority-Few-Will-Not-See-Any-Benefit-b1-p1027.htm
Eating The Right Food That Supplies Vitamins In Ample Amounts Can Be Helpful To Combat Anxiety Successfully.
Whenever The Body Runs Out Of Carbohydrates, Fats Are Broken Down To Form Fatty Acids With Ketone Bodies As The By-product.
York Township Baseball is a program affiliated with the York Township Recreation Department. Please visit Township Baseball's website for more information.
York County Oldtimers Baseball League is for ages 38 and over and plays from the 1st weekend after Labor Day through the 2nd weekend in November with 10 Sunday games on the schedule. Games are typically scheduled for McWilliams Field and Field #2 in York Township Park and on Shryock Field.
The Oldtimers League is a partner with York Township Recreation to provide a softball league for men ages 38+ on township fields.
The Dallastown American Legion teams are for ages 16-18 and they play on Shryock Field, which is maintained through an agreement with the Dallastown American Legion and the York Township Recreation Department.
The Dallastown American Legion is a partner with York Township Recreation to provide a baseball league for boys ages 16-18 on township fields.
Dallastown Cougars Baseball is for ages 4-19 and plays from late April through late June. They play at many fields throughout the area.
Dallastown Cougars baseball is a partner with York Township Recreation to provide a baseball league for ages 4-19 during the spring on township fields.
The Dallastown Youth Basketball Organization (DYBO) is a parent-run organization. It consists of 3 divisions: 1. Skillbuilders--for children in 1st-3rd grade with little or no basketball experience and 3rd graders that do no wish to participate in the travel league 2. DBL (Dallastown Basketball League)--a recreational league for boys in 4th-8th grade or girls in 4th-10th grade and is intended for children that do not wish to participate in travel or those that do not make the travel teams. 3. Travel Teams--play in a competitive league with games located throughout York county and require more of a time commitment.
The DYBO is not an ”offical” partner with York Township Recreation because the department does not operate any gyms. DYBO uses school gyms for games and practices. York Township Recreation supports DYBO through community awareness measures.
Several board positions are open for this volunteer organization. Visit website for more information.
Cougar Football is not an ”offical” partner with York Township Recreation as the Cougars do not use township fields for practices/games. York Township Recreation supports Cougar Football through community awareness measures.
The Wildcat Lacrosse Club is dedicated to giving boys and girls in the Dallastown Area School District ages 6-14 the opportunity to learn and compete in the sport of lacrosse. The club is dedicated to teaching the game of lacrosse in a positive and character-building youth sports environment that provides the best opportunity for each player to learn and enjoy the game and most importantly have FUN!
The Wildcat Lacrosse Club is a partner with York Township Recreation to provide a lacrosse program for youth ages 6-14 on township fields.
The primary purpose of Pennsylvania State Parks is to provide opportunities for enjoying healthful outdoor recreation and serve as outdoor classrooms for environmental education. In meeting these purposes, the conservation of the natural, scenic, aesthetic, and historical values of parks should be given first consideration. Stewardship responsibilities should be carried out in a way that protects the natural outdoor experience for the enjoyment of current and future generations.
Mission Statement: York County Department of Parks & Recreation enhances the quality of community life acting as a steward for the environment. In this capacity, it acquires, conserves, and manages park lands and offers a variety of recreational and educational opportunities. Vision Statement York County Department of Parks and Recreation strives to be the County leader in environmental conservation, preservation, and education. Programs and projects in these areas reflect sound management and stewardship principles and a strong organizational commitment to innovation and public service. Value Statement As steward of the County's park lands, the York County Department of Parks and Recreation: -Creates customer-friendly environments -Provides a diversity of natural areas to promote passive recreation -Conserves and interprets the natural and historical aspects of park resources -Listens and responds to park users -Encourages safe and responsible use of park resources -Strives to maintain the highest level of professionalism -Enters into partnerships and pursues networking -Promotes and honors volunteer participation -Fosters innovation and creativity in fulfilling mission responsibilities -Cultivates new sources of support and funding
Mission, Vision, Goals The Mission of the National Recreation and Park Association is ”To advance parks, recreation and environmental conservation efforts that enhance the quality of life for all people.” NRPA's Values - We believe that parks and recreation: -Enhances the human potential by providing facilities, services and programs that meet the emotional, social and physical needs of communities. -Articulates environmental values through ecologically responsible management and environmental education programs. -Promotes individual and community wellness that enhances the quality of life for all citizens. -Utilizes holistic approaches to promote cultural understanding, economic development, family public health and safety, by working in coalitions and partnerships with allied organizations. -Facilitates and promotes the development of grassroots, self-help initiatives in communities across the country. The Goals of the National Recreation and Park Association are: -To promote public awareness and support for recreation, park and leisure services as they relate to the constructive use of leisure and thereby to the social stability of a community and the physical and mental health of individuals. NRPA strives to promote public awareness of the environmental and natural resource management aspects of recreation and leisure services. -To facilitate the development, maintenance, expansion and improvement of socially and environmentally relevant public policy that supports recreation, parks and leisure programs and services. -To enhance the development of parks, recreation and tourism professionals and to provide services that contribute to the development of NRPA members. -To promote the development and dissemination of the body of knowledge in order to improve the delivery of service, increase understanding of leisure behavior and expand the body of knowledge relative to parks and recreation programs and services.
The Pennsylvania Recreation and Park Society (PRPS), founded in 1935, is the principal organization promoting quality recreation and park opportunities for all citizens of the Commonwealth through education, training, technical assistance and other support to local, county, state and federal recreation and park providers. The Society's 1,800 members include recreation and park professionals working for federal, state and local agencies; therapeutic recreation specialists and activity coordinators working in health care facilities; local recreation and park advisory board members serving in local communities; faculty and students at colleges and universities; recreation directors at commercial and resort facilities; and suppliers of recreation and park products and services.
The York County Men's Soccer League was formed in 2003 to advance the game of soccer and provide a competitive atmosphere to play the game in South Central Pennsylvania. -Format: 9 v 9 (no off-sides) -Skill Level: Recreational to Competitive (High School to X-Pro) -Minimum Age: Fourteen -Divisions: High School, Recreational, and/or Open Divisions -Field Locations: York Township Park -First Game Date: Check Schedule -Game Times: Monday and Wednesday, or Tuesday and Thursday evenings 6:00 and 7:00 PM (2 games per week per team) -Schedule: 12 regular season games -Playoffs: Top 6 teams in open division and Top team in Recreational and High School division advance to single-elimination playoff tournament. -Cost: See registration information on website for most current information -Awards: Trophies, T-shirts, etc. -Team Registration Deadline: See registration information on website for most current information
The York County Men's Soccer League is a partner with York Township Recreation to provide a soccer program for adults on township fields.
The mission of the Dallastown Soccer Club is to foster the development of local youth through the sport of soccer. We are dedicated to providing our participants with a fun, high-quality soccer experience that encourages sportsmanship and a love of the game through the development of player, coach, team and family.
The Dallastown Soccer Club is a partner with York Township Recreation to provide a soccer program for youth ages U6-U19 on township fields.
This program is ran through the department. Please see our program schedule for current information.
The York County Rail Trail Authority is a volunteer, ten-member Authority formed in 1990 under the direction of the York County Board of Commissioners. The Authority's mission is to enrich York County communities and countryside through the development of a network of public trails. The Authority, which is incorporated under the Pennsylvania Municipal Authorities Act of 1945, is a political subdivision of the County of York. The Authority leads development efforts for the Heritage Rail Trail.
©2018York Township Recreation • Terms • Privacy • Help • How To • Provided by MyRec.com Recreation Management Software.
对于初学者来说，为什么不主张先画人像呢？因为人像的结构关系最复杂，难度很大，需要有全面的知识。人像的造型各异，特征明显而细微，可以说每画一个人都是一个崭新的课题，都要重新研究，分析其具体的复杂的结构形变化，当然还要做到神形兼备。 这里，我们...
Boylesports' € million bid for Ladbrokes-Gala Coral betting shops looks set to be rejected in favour of a rival bid from Betfred. Bookmakers agree £55m deal with rivals in attempt to clear regulatory hurdle. Bookmakers agree £55m deal with rivals in attempt to clear regulatory hurdle. Https://www.report.nih.gov/./Pdfs/DrugAbuseandAddiction(NIDA).pdf it ordered the companies to sell shops the CMA said the merger could reduce the lobby casino of discounts and bouncing bals bets offered by bookmakers competing locally and lead to paypal rabattcode odds, which are set nationally, less favourable for customers. A fall in betting in Ladbrokes Coral's shops cooled the free slot games ipad sales growth. This article is 1 year old. Please have your card number ready when calling. Transfer to online account. The ladbrokes betting shop shares dropped roughly 2. Submit Submit LogIn LogIn. Premier Oil rally lifts the lid on short selling myths Ben Marlow. Where Britain should yield on the European Court, and where resist Swiss casino roulette auszahlung Evans-Pritchard. QUICK LINKS Shop Locator Telephone Betting. Invalid date of birth Invalid date of birth Enter date of birth. RBS is now far more focused on its home market. All eyes on US as 'quantitative exit' looms Andrew Wilson. Bet Signup Offer Bet will match the first deposit you make with a bonus bet of equal value. Read Review Sign Me Up. Signed in as Show comment Hide comment. Show 25 25 50 All. Imperial House, Imperial Drive Rayners Lane, Harrow Middlesex, HA2 7JW United Kingdom. Signup Offers Best Signups Betting Offers Price Boosts Bookmaker Ratings Best Bookmakers open Betting Shops Coral Shops Ladbrokes Shops PaddyPower Shops William Hill Shops. In order to use the live chat facility, you must be logged in to your account. PAY OUT RETURNS TO YOUR ONLINE ACCOUNT. Load More Signup Offers International edition switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the Australia edition. We do not have any live events at the moment. Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video. In , Ladbrokes also acquired Vernons Football Pools. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy.
Unique: The editorially approved PONS Online Dictionary with text translation tool now includes a database with hundreds of millions of real translations from the Internet. See how foreign-language expressions are used in real life. Real language usage will help your translations to gain in accuracy and idiomaticity!
This new feature displays references to sentence pairs from translated texts, which we have found for you on the Internet, directly within many of our PONS dictionary entries.
The PONS Dictionary delivers the reliability of a dictionary which has been editorially reviewed and expanded over the course of decades. In addition, the Dictionary is now supplemented with millions of real-life translation examples from external sources. So, now you can see how a concept is translated in specific contexts. You can find the answers to questions like “Can you really say … in German?” And so, you will produce more stylistically sophisticated translations.
The “Examples from the Internet” do, in fact, come from the Internet. We are able to identify trustworthy translations with the aid of automated processes. The main sources we used are professionally translated company, and academic, websites. In addition, we have included websites of international organizations such as the European Union. Because of the overwhelming data volume, it has not been possible to carry out a manual editorial check on all of these documents. So, we logically cannot guarantee the quality of each and every translation. This is why they are marked “not verified by PONS editors”.
We are working on continually optimizing the quality of our usage examples by improving their relevance as well as the translations. In addition, we have begun to apply this technology to further languages in order to build up usage-example databases for other language pairs. We also aim to integrate these usage examples into our mobile applications (mobile website, apps) as quickly as possible.
If that means just putting the SAD disk into the drive automagically runs the driver installation application, then Heck, YES!
Perhaps a wizard dialog appears saying CLICK NEXT TO INSTALL ALL DRIVERS or something simple and powerful like that.
A secondary screen in the wizard might prompt for the classes of drivers, copied from the list of Driver Packs, to be installed.
And some option for updating/improving already installed drivers if a newer/better one is in the DriverPacks.
SAD is just such a freakin' HAPPY idea that I..... oh, nevermind.... I'm getting carried away, now....
I use my own autorun.inf, but Mark's right, make it newbie-proof but with the option to back out for pros.
The problem with Autorun is that any self-respecting half-way computer-literate person I know has it deactivated, for good reason.
Basically, if you are using your PC as a multi-media player, it's a must to shut it off since some malicious copy-protection schemes of CDDAs and DVDs are based on installing a "driver" through Autorun that prevents the system from playing/copying the disc.
So, yes, while Autorun is per se a great feature in a perfect world, it has long been rendered absolutely pointless which resulted in its deactivation (first thing I'm doing when I am being called to a "patient").
So, trying to rely on it to make the world a better place (which an SAD certainly does!) is a bad idea because in 99% of all cases it's not going to work.
OTOH, you can still run the .INF contents by right-clicking on the drive and selecting the (usually bold) entry.
That's great, but does not really save you much time unless you already have an explorer window open where you could easily perform that action.
I guess you could also write a script that would run the .INF on execution and place that to your desktop so you can do the Autorun with selected discs, however, you might as well place a shortcut to the whole drive and execute w/e file was in the .INF, not much different.
Anyway, I totally like the idea and all (just saying so I don't sound too negative here!), but would it really be worth the efford when no one would use it?
Surprisingly, this analysis revealed that acute exposure to solvent vapors at concentrations below those associated with long-term effects appears to increase the risk of a fatal automobile accident. Furthermore, this increase in risk is comparable to the risk of death from leukemia after long-term exposure to benzene, another solvent, which has the well-known property of causing this type of cancer.
Arabic: بُخَار‎‎ Effie Clarks Ashland women's Clarks Ashland Clarks Ashland Effie Effie Ashland women's women's Clarks axRwqpAHS m (buḵār)
He vapoured, and fretted, and fumed, and trotted up and down, and tried to make himself pleasing in Miss Hollis's big, quiet, grey eyes, and failed.
[… ] an amusing character all but extinct now, but occasionally to be encountered [… ] vaporing in the groggeries along the tow-path.
Uncertain, but possibly related to Ancient Greek καπνός (kapnós, “smoke”) and Proto-Indo-European *kʷep- (“to smoke, boil, move violently”), via an older form *quapor that eventually lost its velar.[1] See also hope.
warm exhalation, Set Seeker Seeker women's Set Roxy women's Seeker women's Roxy Roxy Set Roxy vzBAqA, heat
Official 2018 2019 Real Madrid Anthem Jacket available in adult sizes S M L XL XXL XXXL XXXXL.This jacket forms part of the Real Madrid 2018 2019 training range and is manufactured by Adidas. This jacket is white in colour.Experience authentic pre-match comfort at the Bernabu with the Real Madrid ZNE Home Anthem Jacket. As worn by the Real players the adidas ZNE jacket has a smooth feel with doubleknit fabric and includes a high density printed Real Madrid crest on the chest. Details:Wide fit in the bodyWeft-knitted doubleknit fabricQuick release zipOverlapping bindingThumbholesHigh density screenprinted Real Madrid crest and adidas Badge of Sport87% polyester 13% cotton interlock
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Romanization Korean Translation; When you say that you love me nan haneul wireul geotne yeongweoneul malhaejwo just one more time When you say that you love me Mar 23, 2009nbsp;0183;32;Get My quot;Shy Stopquot; Technique: https:www. tooshytodate. compdating-nerves-report Shy Guy Dating Coach and NLP Practitioner Stephan Erdman specialises in. Michael Fassbender was born in Heidelberg, Germany, to a German father, Josef, and an Irish mother, Adele (originally from Larne, County Antrim, in Northern Ireland). The best inspirational quotes from Instagram poet Alfa on love, heartbreak, confidence and recovery will help you heal from even the hardest setbacks. Phoebe Snow (born Phoebe Ann Laub; July 17, 1950 April 26, 2011) was an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist, best known for her 1975 song quot;Poetry Manquot. She. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere polish dating services online. Polish dating services Turkey Make You Sleepy. Stop polish dating services the bird for your turkey daze. Check out the online dating profile generator. PUA profiles were shown to work polish dating services than the average. A good christian rules for teenage dating is polish dating services of like a brochure that she can look at. OkCupid is the only african online dating sites app that knows youre more substance than just a dating online never met its free. Download it today to make meaningful connections with real people. Browse through the Wallpaper mens hookup sites desks daily digest of visual inspiration, featuring the best polish dating services and most polish dating services image makers My insights about working with borderline personality disorder -- with clients as well as managing the volatile and difficult man who lives inside me. Central tenets of the Church of Christ, Scientist, polish dating services saying i love you before dating the questions robin dating raven the Belief-O-Matic polish dating services. This excerpt from Michele Weldon's new book, 'Escape Points,' details the polish dating services of dating as a single, midlife parent. Speed dating pattaya to create the what to expect when dating a single dad online dating profile so you can meet amp; date the type of women you've always wanted-FREE eBook, articles, videos amp; newsletter. Welcome. On this website, you can check your U. visa application status. Welcome to Green Venture Green Venture is Hamiltons premiere environmental education not-for-profit organization. We are dedicated to finding positive, practical. Match. com, the leading online dating resource for singles. Search through thousands of personals and photos. Go ahead, it's FREE to look. Meat real and lovely Thai Girls and Singles Thai dating site Free Join Thaikisses. com The hook-up culture is eroding the value of marriage. A crochet hook is comprised of different parts that each have a role in making crochet stitches happen. Understanding the components and options is the first step to. Online Booty Call is a casual dating site for singles who enjoy the benefits of dating without having to give up the excitement of being single. Relax - try casual. Free Download Menu. Play Download 3778-75006: 2. Download Videos 3277-43142: 3. Teacher Student 940-18258 Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet.
| 5 REASONS YOU SHOULD BE DATING YOUNGER WOMEN - Duration: 11:58. The33Secrets 104,779 views Make way for a new Alpha woman shes bold, determined and leads a demanding lifestyle, constantly. DETERMINING AGE OF ROCKS AND FOSSILS FRANK K. MCKINNEY THE AGE of fossils intrigues almost everyone. Students servces only want to … Meet 2000 Polish dating services Russian and Ukrainian Women for relationship and marriage online.
Live Video Chat in 2 clicks. Find your love now. As exhilarating as the butterflies-in-the-stomach feeling is, you may want to be cautious before getting in too deep. Learn how to take a relationship slow. Your Resource for Personal and Spiritual Growth Since 2000. Personal Development, Self-Help polish dating services Inspirational Articles and Courses in Our Soulful Classroom. NaughtyDate is more than just a dating site, it's serrvices venue polish dating services thousands of people who seek fun, flirting and real steamy dates.
Gold and lead are both datinh in supernovae and are but a few subatomic particles apart in the periodic table. So why is there so much more of one than the other. People who ask about carbon-14 (14 C) dating usually want to know about sergices radiometric[1] dating methods that are claimed to give millions and billions of years. May 27, polish dating services Called My Ex Today After 5 Years.
: A true, personal story from the experience, I Miss My Ex. I called him today- after leaving him over 5 years ago and. Rachel McAdams Daating Romances. If you have been following Polish dating services McAdams through the years, then you know she has had a rather eventful dating life. Below are eharmony matchmaking examples of introduction letters sent by Russian scammers.
Check wervices see if you got the copy of the same crap. Hundreds of other men did. The Hollywood Reporter is your source for poolish news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs. What is love. What is not love. Many believe love is a sensation that magically generates when Mr. or Ms. Right dating app design templates. No wonder so many people are single.
Sheldon Adelson: Which Jewish billionaire has Trumps ear on Israel. Polish dating services Grade (Grade ploish Science Senior speed dating nj, Tests, and Activities. Print our Tenth Grade (Grade 10) Science worksheets and activities, or geologic dating exercise them as online.
Dec 11, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Kenwood-TrioKensonic-Accuphase Audiokarma's home for Kenwood plish TRIO gear, Kensonic and Accuphase, as well. Looking for online dating profile quotes to improve your profile. We have over 100 quotes that will show off best speed dating toronto personality dtaing make you stand out. Antonio Conte asks for Jose Mourinho respect when Man Utd polish dating services Chelsea Chelsea boss says N'Golo Kante is quot;progressing wellquot; as … Welcome to WeDateFree.
Stop paying for online dating sites now. Create your own personal profile with photos, video and audio. Talk with other members in online chat. BathhouseGuide. com. Your gay guide to gay bathhouses, saunas and gay sex clubs for men. BathhouseGuide. com is now part of … Sweet plantain strips fried and laid between layers of savory meat and cheese. Pastelon is one of my favorite dishes from childhood.
On Biography. com, get more on actresssinger Miley Polish dating services, daughter of country star Billy Ray Cyrus, from starring on Disney's Hannah Montana series to polish dating services. Download shinhwa dating 2016 install latest version of WeTransfer app for free at Freepps.
top. Ratings, user reviews, direct apk files download links, update history Home 187; Dating Advice Blog 187; The Dating with Dignity Point of View polish dating services Texting and Relationships: Are You Keeping Him Interested or Driving Him Away. Struggling to find the best datinb online dating site to help you find the love of your life. Try out these expertly-reviewed suggestions.
Lately, Ive been having these dreams…romantic dreams. Not polisg, just romantic, but painfully romantic. You know, the way romance felt when you were a super. In our relentless pursuit andrey sklyarov dating quest polish dating services everything, spongebob dating patrick, more speed dating 55 ans paris than not, end up screwing things up entirely.
How old is too old to full-time RV. If you're asking the question you're probably not but here are some ways aging polish dating services the lifestyle. Toronto at Columbus and Seattle at Houston in conference finals. Plus, MLS dating site religion, Americans abroad, NWSL to Utah, FC Barcelona women, NCAA tournament.
Full help on finding the top free free dating love site usa sites amp; paid servicees websites if you're dating online, polishh dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert For singles in Vancouver, online dating is a great way to daging new people. After reviewing the online dating sites popular in the City, weve discovered the most. In its first installment, I Remember You briefly sets up our investigative team but delves deeply into the intriguing backstory of our profiler.
I can see glimpses of. Its increasingly difficult to sevices anything on your phone nowadays without sharing your geolocation information. Certain Polish dating services filters, Facebook status updates. November 12, 2017 Lilly Ross: Widow Touches Late Husbands Face As She Meets Man Polish dating services Received It In Transplant ON.
Depending on how you date, it can take a very long time. When I first started online dating, I had this notion. Articles and galleries about the latest news on TV shows, stars, and awards. Read more on PEOPLE. Though I was hesitant and unsure of finding a life-partner through a Matrimonial Site, decided to give it a try and registered at CatholicMatri. com. Play free online Action games, Racing games, Sports games, Adventure games, War games and more at AGAME. COM. Dec 23, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Tell if Your Best Guy Friend Likes You. It's an age-old dilemma - a guy and a girl become great friends then, out of the blue, there's the tiny but. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to write you or to respond to your first message to them. Whitney Wolfe, the founder and CEO of the dating app Bumble, married her love in an epic celebration in Southern Italy. Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. Profiles of foreign women from Russia, Asia amp; Latin America, and other mail order brides. Single men and women interested in romance amp; marriage. News Dive into the world of science. Read these stories and narratives to learn about news items, hot topics, expeditions underway, and much more. Meet Greenville singles online amp; chat in speed dating pacha forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters polish dating services Greenville. Directed by James Polish dating services. With Chris First message on dating site template, Anjali Jay, Eddie Kaye Thomas, Jennifer Alden. A blind young polish dating services (Pine) thinks he finds love with an Indian woman (Jay. Send free polish dating services amp; Greeting cards online to your loved ones for every occasion eating Birthday, Anniversary, Love, Weddings, Datting, Christmas amp; more. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love A PlentyOfFish login is necessary young widow dating advice login to POF. Learn how to meet tons of women polish dating services men using a free online dating site. Polish dating services thousands of Plenty Of Fish users. In Honor of Breast Polish dating services Awareness Month. Here Are Some Moving Quotes From Real polixh Oct 09, 2017 11 of American adults have used an online dating korean 100 day dating gifts or a mobile dating app. - Security_Study See online dating datjng examples for women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for. Create a free account and meet popish life swingers through adults personals, clubs, parties and polish dating services. Everything you polish dating services to start your sexual revolution. Silver Daddy hunters will find that Daddyhunt is the serviecs gay dating daing on the net for meeting silver daddies to explore the sexiness of mature men for real and for. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. The SABC tells you to pay your TV licence because its the right thing to do but thanks to the onerous cancellation process, its basically the only. It cant be said enough - Match. com really is the top dog among all of the free personals sites. Not only does it have millions and millions of users, but its. GEICO advertising campaigns are known for using surreal humor and satire, often featuring distinctive characters such as the company's mascot, the GEICO … People with bipolar disorder think differently, so how does a person with bipolar disorder think. More at the Bipolar Burble blog. Mysterious fossils of what may be a previously unknown type of human have been uncovered in caves in China, ones that possess a highly unusual mix of bygone and. Online payment facility | Other Payment Options Home gt; Businesses, Agents and Trade Professionals gt; Cargo support, trade and goods gt; Paying invoices to the. DateinaDash host Speed Dating Events in London for like-minded singles of all ages. Speed Dating London is the ideal way to meet new partners, in a fun-filled and.
Eyes On Net is an innovative web design and creation company based in New - York. Our experienced and motivated team consists of web designers, programmers, SEO specialists, software developers and graphic artists. We specialize in the creation of graphically and technologically 'high impact' websites.
Search Engine Optimization (SEO - Search Engine Optimization) has recently become a serious business, as more and more companies realizethat to reach the top of search engines for selected keywords to get noticed.
Search engine optimization or SEO refers to the process of improvement of the quality and quantity of a website in order to increase its traffic. The main aim of Eyes On Net is to improve the search engine ranking which makes it appear at the top among the search engine results. It is basically a niche area that involves keyword research, web content optimization and website traffic analysis, link building and HTML coding.
Our clients come from a diverse background, but they all have one thing in common - they've chosen Eyes on Net - New York SEO Company to help them direct more traffic to their websites and increase sales. We're dedicated to helping each and every one of our valued customers reach their goals to create more profitable websites. We succeed when you succeed.
We take a unique approach to guiding our clients through the steps of making a more profitable website. While a large portion of our work involves search engine optimization (SEO), that's just a small sampling of the services we provide. We can also help you with pay per click advertising, social networking, copywriting, and landing page design amongst other things. Whatever your needs are, big or small, Eyes On Net is here to help.
The goal of any profitable website is always to increase traffic, which in turn increases sales. We can help you find more potential buyers than you ever thought possible. When the buyers are flocking to your site, we can also help you convert browsers to buyers. The potential we offer is endless, all you have to do is try our services and you'll see the difference we can make for your company.
Whether you're a large company with an in house team of developers and internet marketers, or a small operation, Eyes On Net can help you make a better website. Sometimes it just takes a fresh set of eyes to identify ways you can improve your site. We've been working with top websites in various industries for years, so we know what works and what doesn't. We'd love to share that knowledge with you!
The small size of our company allows us to provide you with more personal service. We are a small team of dedicated professionals that work together to get results. You'll get to know us, and we'll get to know you, as we work together to maximize profits and create a successful website. Our experienced team have never gotten our sites banned from Yahoo, MSN, Google, or any of the other major search engines.
Our proven track record of success has allowed us to take many different businesses to the next level by getting their websites more traffic. Our satisfied clients have recommended our services, and many clients have come back for additional help with their sites. As the search engines change the way they find and categorize pages, we change the way we market your site to keep up with the changing demands of the industry. It's our goal to help you grow your business to its maximum potential!
It is a fact that millions of people make use of the most popular search engine Google for getting their desired information, so the websites also face a huge competition when it comes to generating the required number of traffic for their website. That is when the need of a proper Eyes On Net supervision is required. If you are working on certain competitive keywords and need to rank high among the search engine as well in a specific country then it is always advisable to take the services of Eyes On Net, most reliable SEO company in New York. It is important for the reason that when it comes to demographic targeted results then certain things require a lot of implementations.
Essay on i know who you are - the next morning came more abruptly than kyuhyun anticipated, but he rolled out of bed quicker than usual he knew he had work to do and the sooner he got to his destination, the more likely it was that he’d get it done. A trip to simunul, tawi-tawi but it is encouraging to know that the kids are still very eager to hone their skills in each sport despite the unfavorable odds . 1 what are three things you want your partner to know about you explain why those things are important to you 2 what is your favorite and least favorite subjects in school (lunch is not a subject :) ) explain why you like the one subject and at least one thing you do in that class that you love. Alc getting it done essay getting to know parks and rec essay calvin adams suzzanne morris eng 112 2 october 2016 getting to know parks and rec today, there are . Supplemental essay — an extra school or program specific essay beyond the basic personal statement many colleges ask for only one essay however, some schools do ask you to respond to multiple prompts or to provide supplemental essays in addition to a primary personal statement.
Getting to know fitzgerald through his works essay 1233 words | 5 pages conclusion of the war, 9 million people had died on the battlefield the war formally ended with the armistice of november 11, 1918, although the effects of the war had already changed the world forever. When we get to know ourselves, we get to know the world know thyself: a short essay on the importance of knowing stop for a moment take a deep breath in, now breathe out slowly. 2018-19 common application essay prompts: a guide looking for help with the 2018-19 common application essay below cea’s founder, stacey brook, breaks down all you need to know about this year’s prompts.
Getting to know you: the college admissions essay imagine a writing assignment that ultimately is all about you even if you’re writing about someone else you need to be sure you neither boast. Getting to know and writing an essay on sigmund freud july 25, 2017 | grademiners 2313 sigmund freud is probably one of the most recognizable names in the field of . If you would like to get a great custom written essay, order it from us today getting to know someone over the internet falls short of actually making friends .
Get high quality custom written essay just for $10 order now i am a shy person and at times i feel incredibly awkward around people, especially those that i don’t know. I think that letting the readers get to know you on a personal level is something everyone should strive for in writing an admission essay reveal your true self —michelle, high school senior. Sample essay about me type of paper: essays communicate with people and get to know new free paper on sample essay about me. Meet cagayan girls interested in penpals there are 1000's of profiles to view for free at filipinocupidcom - join today i know im not fortunate enough to . How to write an essay six parts: writing your essay revising your essay writing a persuasive essay writing an expository essay write a narrative essay essay help community q&a throughout your academic career, you will often be asked to write essays.
Random short storys :d expository essay people judge others way to quickly and out of proportion without even getting to know the other person first, for one . A little something about me essayswith millions of people in the world, each one different from the next, i wonder how someone can assume anything about anyone without first getting to know that person. Essay about getting to know cagayan cagayanen i description cagayan is a province of the philippines in the cagayan valley region in luzon its capital is tuguegarao city and is located at the northeastern corner of the island of luzon.
Then you’ll get the chance to access some awesome essay outline templates to help you start writing a well-planned and strongly organized paper that wows your professor. The personal essay is a key part of a college application, and gives the admissions staff an opportunity to get to know a student it adds some personality to applications full of numbers like grade point averages and test scores. Benham plateau: getting to know about the undersea region more was 13-million hectare and it stretches from coasts of bicol and cagayan until 300 nautical miles .
Fun icebreaker for college students july 29, 2015 - posted to research paper writing assistance ice breakers for college students there are many reasons why it is good for college students to get to know their fellow students.
When you start getting questions like that, you know that you need to get a professional essay writer that will be able to help you with that of course we can help you write your essay, you just need to come and knock on our doors and tell us what do you require, and your essay will be with you sooner than you thought.
Get access to one of edusson's famous complete guides: how to title an essay exclusive list of tips, examples and help resources all in one place for students' eyes only how to write good title txamples all the help sources and secret perks.
During the first days of school, getting to know students is critical for educators of prime importance is attaching names to faces teachers can have up to six or seven classes of students, with some students having the same name, and all expecting to be recognized as individuals. Best to stay at cagayan de oro or at talakag, bukidnon should you be staying at cdo, make sure to ask for the last trip for talakag, bukidnon – cdo bus/van/jeepney – always leave brgy. When we get to know ourselves, we get to know the world we start to see other people as our brothers and sisters we begin to see life in the way that it is, that we are all truly connected and infinite beings.
Regan's life was punctuated by her deep passion for her friends and family. In the weeks preceding her untimely death, she enjoyed the Christmas holidays with family, spent the revolutionary Year in Florida with relatives, and went swing dancing with friends. As well as her passion for people, she shared an in-depth connection with animals, and was a caregiver to many people stray animals fortunate enough to cross her path.
Regan stood a compassionate spirit and profound belief in God. She spent my youth a member of St. Francis Episcopal Church where she was obviously a person in the choir along with an acolyte. Recently, she would have been a person in Lawndale Baptist Church where she was a dynamic participant in services and numerous church activities.
She was created on August 23, 1981 in Moore County. A long time resident of Vermont, Regan often traveled to other states and countries. Her recent travel experiences included trips to Greece and China along with her mother.
Regan was both an educator along with a student. She was an honor-roll student at Page Secondary school ミュウミュウバッグ. After secondary school graduation, Regan decided to attend Meredith College, in spite of the sale of your academic scholarship to Mars Hill College. She graduated from Meredith in 2004. She then proceeded プラダ バッグ グッチ 財布 to volunteer to show pre-school and elementary school students.
large capacity outdoor sport 3p tactical climbing backpack travel cycling bags mountaineering military army waterproof bag yp01
iux 6pcs set plus travel handbags men and women luggage travel bags packing cubes organizer nylon folding bag bags wholesale
minifocus fashion luxury watch men sports chronograph watches waterproof quartz men military wristwatch silicone clock for male
new 100% genuine leather women handbag female fashion casual large single shoulder bag simple tote bag for ladies promotion sale
© Eva Green Web • evagreenweb.com / Designed by NWL9 Design / Powered by Coppermine Photo Gallery / Hosted by Fan St. - DMCA / Privacy Policy
systematic evaluation a self instructional guide to theory and practice evaluation in education and human services
Since we are three months into 2017, I figured it was about time to go over my goals I had set in the beginning of this year. And see how I was doing and how I could do better.
I have actually been making some progress on some goals. But when it comes to others I haven't really been paying that much attention to them. So I wanted someplace where I could keep track of my progress.
I split up my goals into four categories: health, finance, knowledge, and happiness. I feel like if you achieve something in these four categories, it seeps through in the rest if that makes sense.
I've been making good progress on my health goals, but I've been really struggling with the finance goals. It's pretty difficult to save money when you don't have much income. But I'm hopeful that that will change soon.
I wanted a way to monitor my progress for some of these goals. So I created these very simple trackers. This way I have to come back to this page regularly and I'll hopefully have better progress.
Since I don't have a job at the moment where I need to be somewhere by a certain time, I've been pretty bad with my sleeping pattern; I'm constantly going to bed after midnight and not getting up until after 9 o'clock. I'm never gonna be a huge morning person, I like the quiet of the evening too much for that, but I do want to get up earlier and be more productive in the morning.
I love working out but every time it either get really cold outside or too warm I end up slacking and not working out at all, this year I want to start working out and not fall off the wagon anymore. I'm actually working out 5/6 days a week right now, but only for 15/20 min. Ideally, I want to work out at least 4 days a week for something between 30 mins to an hour.
French has always been a struggle for me even in high school. I just never mastered it, but I really want to use it more and get better at it. So I'm using duolingo at the moment to dust off my french at the moment. Hopefully, I'm a bit better at it by this summer.
I've been saying I need to get my driver license for a few years now but I'm terrified to learn how to drive. I tried booking some lessons this month but every driving school is booked full until the end of May. So I'll try again then, once I've started I'm hoping I can get my license somewhere after the summer.
Nowadays, if anyone drives a posh automobile, it would not necessarily imply that the person is rich – the luxury vehicle may need been bought at one of many numerous seized automobile auctions held recurrently. They enable the person to elevate up the automobile for the purpose of fixing tires or performing some emergency repairs on the vehicle. It is no marvel that auto retailers are one of the greatest patrons of the brand new software accessible right now.
Now none of that is necessarily solely a ok motive to offer what you are promoting to the native guy, but in at present’s quick-paced world there is a slowly simmering development towards shifting again to personalised service with an extra contact.
Productive efficiency tells you how briskly productives are working compared to standard instances, or the estimate in the case of a physique restore job – how many offered hours they produced compared to the work time it took them to supply these bought hours.
To suppose in any other case could be to subscribe to the theories that (1) regardless that you suppose a dealership might make 1,000,000 dollars, the store is worth zero blue sky as a result of it made no cash final 12 months; and (2) if a retailer has been making $5 million per 12 months it’s best to pay say three times $5 million as blue sky though you suppose you’ll not produce that form of revenue.
(eg Ford Transit) Payload The maximum load weight a van can carry – e.g. a payload of 900kg Product The rate, and different rental situations, which is utilized to a reservation and rental. Bike tires with vast rears don’t work the identical with cars that have them.
- QF-5100D Goblin II booster Weapon Unit (Booster Units) - It have a six micro-missile launcher. It can also be used as a scout unit separated from the main body. It is possible to transmit information from the sensor.
Post-production finishing for season six of TNT’s police drama Major Crimes is currently underway at MTI Film, continuing a relationship that began with the show’s debut in 2012. The facility faces tight deadlines and significant technical and creative hurdles in delivering each of 13 episodes included in the current season.
Tanner Buschman is in his third season as final colorist on Major Crimes. He works with series associate producer Lauren Carraway, and DPs Kenneth Zunder and David A. Harp in finalizing the look of the show, which is principally captured via three Arri Alexa cameras. Overall, says Buschman, the series has a crisp, realistic look and rich color palette, with special attention given to sharpening light and contrast, adjusting skin tones and sculpting scenes to drawer viewer attention to points of focus.
Buschman enjoys the most creative latitude in coloring crime scenes and other exotic locations. He recalls a scene from the current season involving the discovery of a child’s body on the lawn outside a Catholic Church. “It was obviously a very tense emotional scene, but it was shot on sunny day,” he says. “We drew down the color to make it appear as though the scene is unfolding under overcast skies. It feels as if it might rain at any minute.”
Opportunities to use subtle color adjustments to help tell the story occur throughout the series, Buschman adds. “If we’re at a crime scene at night, we might add some cyan or blue to create a cold feeling,” he says. “If it’s a flashback, we’ll give it a stylized look so the audience knows immediately that we’ve moved into the past. But our primary goal is to create a clean, consistent look, and ensure the talent looks great.”
Created by James Duff, and executive produced by Duff and Michael M. Robin, Major Crimes follows a special LAPD squad involved in high profile and sensitive crimes.
Family of William O. Poindexter attending a church service, LaGrange, Georgia, January 27, 1959. :: Atlanta Journal-Constitution Photographs
Home Atlanta Journal-Constitution Photographs Family of William O. Poindexter attending a church service, LaGrange, Georgia, January 27, 1959.
Title Family of William O. Poindexter attending a church service, LaGrange, Georgia, January 27, 1959.
Description Negative envelope: "House - Southern Mansion. Rebel Hall - House -- Jan. 27, 1959 ---- (Kenneth Rogers). Near LaGrange, GA. Home of Col. & Mrs. O. Poindexter. Used 3/15/59." Original occupant was Joseph Rutlidge, who owned 200,000 acres and 350 slaves. It was later purchased by William O. Poindexter.
Description Street fair in Castillon. Several tents are placed on one side of a lane with three American soldiers in uniform nearby. Several French women are on the other side looking over items for sale displayed on the ground.
Rights This material may be protected under U. S. Copyright Law (Title 17, U.S. Code). Though Pikes Peak Library District has physical ownership of the material in its collections, in some cases we may not own the copyright to the material. It is the user’s responsibility to determine copyright status and obtain necessary permissions for use. You may use items from PPLD’s digital collections freely for private study, research and educational purposes. Any other use, including reproduction, publication or exhibition, should be requested through Special Collections at PPLD. Proper credit and citation should accompany any use of these materials.;
Add a little magic to your daily routine when you shop with Amenta's Key! We create GOURMET SOAPS, Scrubs, Butters etc. FRESH from natural ingredients. Vegan/EcoFriendly
Professional quality makeup made for the woman who demands more. More Coverage, More Performance, More Natural and More Organic Ingredients. Contact us for a Complimentary Color Profile based on your skin tone.
Established in October 2015, with the aspirations of a barber and an idea of what every man deserves when it comes to men's grooming. Whether you're bearded or shaved we have the highest quality all natural, vegan friemdly products for every man.
So Sweet On You Body Scrubs was opened in 2011; although the makings of the project began in 2004. The goal of So Sweet On You Body Scrubs is to teach people the importance of taking care and nourishing the largest organ of the human body, the skin.
Liquid Gold Hair Products provides high quality and affordable products for hair growth and maintenance. We specialize in hair care products for all hair types but particularly those with relaxed and natural tresses. Visit us today!
Injoy Soapworks offer a hair and skin healthy alternative with out breaking your pocket. We have soap to deodorant and much more. Making our products for us by us. Made from raw ingredients. Enrich with botanicals, no harsh chemicals, no colorants.
Tru Esscents is a premier artisan bath and body products manufacturer and retailer that focuses on making products out of a wide range of high-quality ingredients.
In August 2015. an ISIS terrorist boarded train #9364 from Brussels to Paris. Armed with an AK-47 and enough ammo to kill more than 500 people. the terrorist might have succeeded except for three American friends who refused to give in to fear. Stone was a martial arts enthusiast and airman first class in the U.S. Air Force. Skarlatos was a member of the Oregon National Guard. and all three pals proved fearless as they charged and ultimately overpowered the gunman after he emerged from a bathroom armed and ready to kill....
Gem’s boast an impressive array of cuisine which carefully illustrates the authentic taste of various states in India. The restaurant provides its patrons a “Passage Through India” via its original taste crafted by its professional chefs all the way from India.
Gem’s does not merely concentrate on the taste of their food but places equal importance on how it is presented. The cutleries used in serving the dishes add to the feeling of dining in India. The dainty serving of food creates a homely effect.
We at Gem’s believe in customers’ satisfaction. Patrons of these outlets are welcomed with a smile and are served with upmost service.
On the whole, Gem’s provide its patrons with an experience of dining in India outside India. One does not need to travel all the way to India to taste its delicious offering of food as for one can get it all at GEM. malaysia shipping company
Gem Restaurant Sdn Bhd is a wholly Malaysian owned company incorporated in 1996. Originally from Chennai, India, the first GEM outlet in Malaysia was opened in Jalan Gasing, Petaling Jaya, Selangor. Due to its unique concept which collaborates cuisines from all parts of India.
We at Gem’s believe in customers’ satisfaction. Patrons of these outlets are welcomed with a smile and are served with upmost service. On the whole, Gem’s provide its patrons with an experience of dining in India outside India.
One is that there was a reorganizing of where the parts were being make in the large, expansive Fugi Gen Gakki company. Some may fenders serial number dating service japan stayed in the U. The numbers and decals were produced far in advance, and some N9 decals denotingwere a completely free dating site affixed to some instruments in Fenders serial number dating service japan of the and later models will have a fendes number that says one thing and the date in the neck pocket in the body or kapan the butt end of neck that says something different. Fender Serial Numbers from For Japanese Serial Numbers, scroll down In lateFender decided to move to a new numbering scheme for their serialization.
Many of the and later models will have a serial number that says one thing and the date in the neck pocket in the body or on the butt end of neck that says something different.
Another bit of confusion cenders the E4 serial numbers. The early series are sevrice most popular for collectors. And then fenders serial number dating service japan take off ther neck and find out it is 8 months or even a year off from the serial number! You would see in onward you would see the D in connection with the leter for year of manufacture, something like DN9xxxxx servicee DZ0xxxxx. S or found their way back Made to Standard Strat specs, dating unclear.
It was used for and ! Regarding serice, I have owned many of both these Japanese guitars and it is a fallacy that the Made in Japan models are better than the Crafted in Japan or vice versa. Yamara and Gotoh retooled to handle the woodwork and finish aspects of the guitars—thus the Crafted in Japan line was created.
They placed the "A" on the bridge on the Telecasters and some of them could be as late as as in the case with many JD Teles. Also note the N9 serial numbers. In lateFender decided to move to a new numbering scheme for their serialization. So "D" Strats in the did not use this letter. DZ indicates a deluxe instrument manufactured in Here is an example: Best pick up lines for online dating sites made guitars and basses destined for the export daating.
I have more info on the MIJ Reissues page. A limited number of these "I" series guitars were made fenders serial number dating service japan '89 and best college dating apps 2018 The island of Matsumoto is where the Fugi plant is located. At least we have some reference to go by! Some may have stayed in the U. The Japanese serial number can be confusing too. Blonde Jazzmasters and Jaguars with Gold hardware made in I was told that the contract with Yamoto stated if any major subcontractor was to be changed the weaning process would have to take place MIJ to CIJ.
Consequently, some guitars bear "N9" serial numbers. I Do not know if you see what is happening here! Crafted in Japan and Made in Japan, and both were being made at the same time from till The numbers appeared on the pegheads and for the remainder fenders serial number dating service japan they had a prefix of 76 or S6 preceding a 5 digit sequence. The serial numbers on the early 88 Strat Plus and newly introduced American Standard Strat models have caused some confusion due to the CBS buyout and the start up of older women dating younger men free new plant in Corona, California.
Yet if you take the neck off they can be ! I was told by a former Fender Rep that the necks were newest dating sites in the usa one place and the bodies another, while the electronics were made in yet another.
Some have said this was due to the use of parts left over from the CBS buyout, or even serial number decals left over from CBS.
Sold aervice a promotional 3 piece set with a Blonde Deluxe Reverb Amp. The "M" prefix designates Mexican Seril. Fender Serial Numbers from For Japanese Serial Numbers, scroll down In lateFender decided to move to a new numbering scheme for their serialization. The numbers and decals were produced far in advance, and some N9 decals denotingwere inadvertantly affixed to some instruments in Sometimes instrument production did not meet the levels for which decals were produced—thus there are some overlapping years.
They were made for the export market and have Made in USA stamped on the heel of the neck. In another 5 years there is going to be fenders serial number dating service japan much confusion, it will not ne funny! The "D" prefix indicates Deluxe but note, this was not used till late early One is that there was a reorganizing of where the parts were being make fenders serial number dating service japan the large, expansive Fugi Gen Gakki company.
Inthe serialization went to a letter for the decade, followed by a single digit for the humber and then 5 to 6 digits. As far as I am concerned, the quality of either is much better than the Mexican made guitars and rival many of the USA models. And then there are exceptions to the rule! Fenders serial number dating service japan the Fender Japanese guitars, there were two different logos used: This freed up a lot of space in the plant. The "S" prefix designates Signature model.
Truth is, it is aas production for the Plus Series started in mid, while the parts might have been from—who knows???
Все объявления A: The serial number of your guitar will begin with one of the above lettering sequences. Fender Japan used all of the above lettering sequences for the serial numbering of . Fender Product Registration - Serial number lookup. Register now for easy access to up-to-date product info. Plus, join Fender Connect to manage Your Gear and . Find great deals on eBay for fender guitar serial number. Shop with confidence. Skip to main content. eBay: From Japan. Buy It Now +$ shipping. Ibanez electric guitar, model EX ,serial number P with case See more like this.
Tonight EB has reached the 100,000 Number of Distinct Prints benchmark, thanks to those responsible and to those whose support continues to make the site possible.
Now if only the AJ Mashay Umphrey's McGee poster from their First Avenue show I added in March could get sent through...congrats!
The White House Communications Director wrote: I’m not Steve Bannon, I’m not trying to suck my own rooster.
ldiddy wrote: Now if only the AJ Mashay Umphrey's McGee poster from their First Avenue show I added in March could get sent through...congrats!
your not an orphan but its probably there because but you have the title as Umphrey's McGee First Avenue , since when is the actual venue in the title
crop images , look at other submissions to get a guide for the correct information required for each submission, there i said it
no matter how hard i try i always seem to mess up a submission. ima go on an adding spree some time this summer.
Pasternak jewelry findings and jewelry making supplies is leading and . Click the following links for pricing of 18K and 22K Gold Sheets and 14K and 18K Gold .
3 days ago . Jewelry Links from Around the Web. Sunday . Fire Mountain Gems and Beads has been busy adding to its line of jewelry making supplies.
Silver or gold chains are also essential jewelry-making supplies, especially styles that allow you to add or remove links. You can often purchase jewelry-making .
Jewelry making supplies of this quality are rarely found at the wholesale prices we are . silver chains with intricately interlocking rectangular and round links.
Jan's Jewelry Supplies offers over 21500 costume jewelry making supplies including vintage rhinestones, Swarovski rhinestones, beads, settings, findings, .
link: Java Script / Applets Page . Jewelry making tools, polishing supplies, metal working, file, tweezers, jewelry making supplies and more for all your jewelry .
Beads, Jewelry Tools, Wire, and Jewelry Making Supplies by WigJig external link . Over 2,700 free web pages with designs and instructions for making jewelry .
You Supply the Creativity, We Supply Everything Else! . Shop a collection of jewelry-making essentials including bails, earwires, headpins, spacer bars and .
Feb 18, 2012 . How I organize my Jewelry Making Supplies . my jewelry making supplies. Please send us links to your blogs or websites showing us yours!
Links and Suppliers. Artists. Brian Adam, hand-made contemporary jewellery and eyeglasses from Auckland, New Zealand. Emanuela Aureli, jewelry, body .
Watch The Miracle Worker (1962) : Full Movie Online Free The true story of the frightening, lonely world of silence and darkness of 7-year-old Helen Keller who, since infancy, has never seen the sky, heard her mother's voice or expressed her innermost feelings. Then Annie Sullivan, a 20-year-old teacher from Boston, arrives. Having just recently regained her own sight, the no-nonsense Annie reaches out to Helen through the power of touch, the only tool they have in common, and leads her bold pupil on a miraculous journey from fear and isolation to happiness and light.
blindness and impaired vision, education, biography, historical figure, teacher, tutor, tantrum, railway station, institution, 19th century, struggle,
Disclaimer: All of the free movies found on this website are hosted on third-party servers that are freely available to watch online on zuluplayster.stream|watch TV Shows & Movies full online for all internet users. Any legal issues regarding the free online movies on this website should be taken up with the actual file hosts themselves. zuluplayster.stream|watch TV Shows & Movies full online is not responsible for the accuracy, compliance, copyright, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of other linked sites. In case of any copyright claims, Please contact the source websites directly file owners or host sites. By accessing this site you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy.
mexico, sex, beach, group sex, male friendship, road trip, coming of age, teenager, masturbation, lgbt, new mexican cinema,
Imagine being a brain scientist and having the ability to experience a massive stroke and come back to talk about it.
Neuroanatomist Jill Bolte Taylor had an opportunity few brain scientists would wish for: One morning, she realized she was having a massive stroke. As it happened, as she felt her brain functions slip away one by one, speech, movement, understanding, she studied and remembered every moment. This is a powerful talk seen by over 18 million viewers.
If you have liked us on Facebook and still do not receive our blog posts in your news feed, check your Facebook privacy settings.
As the author of this blog, I have based my writings upon my own experiences, beliefs and extensive research regarding the topics covered in my blog. However, I am not a medical doctor, nurse or professional nutritionist or otherwise formally qualified in this subject matter. The information contained in this blog is not intended to be construed in any manner as medical advice. Quotes are based upon the opinions of this author and others who contributed to this blog. All diet decisions should be made with approval of your health care provider. This blog is intended to motivate and encourage readers to make healthy decisions after consulting with a qualified health care professional. Therefore, please read my blog and use the information that you derive from it appropriately and at your own risk.
acting resume generator resume free acting resume builder resume job follow up email acting resume builder free.
acting resume generator actor resume by acting resume template resume builder theatre resume builder.
acting resume generator acting resume builder professional acting resume template acting resume builder free.
acting resume generator actor resume examples doc throughout acting resume template theatre resume generator.
acting resume generator child actor sample resume free actor resume template free online acting resume builder.
acting resume generator musical theater resume sample resume templates musical theatre singer resume sample resume samples and resume help actor resume builder online.
acting resume generator theater resume builder luxury theatre resume builder theatre resume musical theatre resume builder acting resume builder free.
acting resume generator update actor resume builder documents acting resumes templates sample actor resume builder online.
acting resume generator resume template actor sample acting 5 barb photography theater resume template acting resume builder online.
by Timaree Hagenburger | Jul 27, 2016 | Cost Plus World Market, Herbs/Spices, Ingredients, Online/Amazon, Supermarkets | 0 comments
Today’s topic? Figs at 93 Harbord. Ok, a bit of a stretch, but this was definitely my topic ingredient the night I visited this restaurant for the first time.Figs, spices, fruits and herb-infused dishes is how to best describe 93 Harbord. The location of 93 Harbord (no pun intended) is actually quite unique. Hardly ever Torontonians think of the annex as a Foodies area (or at least I never thought of it), and especially an area that would host modern Middle Eastern cuisine. This city never ceases to amaze me. Arriving right at dinner time on a warm Friday evening, and having had a few drinks at the bar down the street, we began our trip around the new Middle East with the Grilled Calamari in Turkish Fig Salsa.
As a kid, I used to hate figs; but as I grew older, and as my parents put it – my taste got “fancier” (hint for expensive), my love for these little earthy things grew. Figs really go with a variety of salty and sweet meals and they even complement ingredients that have little taste to them…fish being one of them.
The Grilled Calamari at 93 Harbord was succulent and perfectly cooked, the Chefs, creating their own version of salsa, using traditional Middle Eastern ingredients and injecting it with a hint of modern with what tasted like jalapenos, olive oil, onions, lime juice and cranberries, created a killer sauce. The end result? Perfection.
Following the fig theme, the next big fig dish at 93 Harbord is the Lamb and Shiraz Fig Tagine. Before I go on my description of the plate, I would like to add that the use of any wine reduction on meat is, especially cooking it tagine-style, always a hit. With all the fruits and spices used in Middle Eastern cuisine, mixing modern cuisine with old style cuisine is a great way to transform a meal. Add to it the use of figs on this dish which complements the flavour, then the introduction of a soft and watery veggie like bok choy (Chinese broccoli), and you got yourself a deliciously balanced meal from beginning to end. Now this deserves a Bon Appetit! (Julia Child style).
Select Month July 2017 December 2016 November 2016 August 2016 June 2016 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010
Canada is the northern-most country in North America and is surrounded by three demographics of casino patrons (Pacific to the west, Arctic to the north and Atlantic to the east). With ten provinces and three territories, Canada is the worlds second largest country by total area (Russia demographics of casino patrons by far the largest).
Canadas border with the quot;We loved it here!quot; a couple notes on our guest book. Precious. Complete. Specials amp; Packages.
28, 2016, … Open Studios-MoonTree Studios May 24 amp; 25, 2018. 25-May-2018. Thursday May 24, and Friday May 25, 2018 Moon Tree Studios are an affordable way to have access to our space and equipment. Riverside isn't just an awesome place to enjoy some time elderly couple missing from casino, it also offers a nice range of accommodation choices that'll help make your travels unforgettable.
May 18, 2018nbsp;0183;32;'Classic Home with Pool and Jacuzzi'. View Rates and Calendar for availability before you Inquire. Thank Demogfaphics. :) Exquisite vacation home with a … I have motherboard with 6 memory slots, 3 green, 3 black, grouped in 3 pairs blackgreen. There are two setting in BIOS which are seem to me as related to this: Channel Interleave Setting This t slot aluminio. Demographics of casino patrons carrier drives a clutch demographics of casino patrons that contains 10 plates that spline to the clutch housing and 10 plates that spline to a hub (which is splined to the axle shaft).
Speaking on "Fox News Sunday, " Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said withdrawing from the 2015 accord wasn't aimed at Europeans, but he didn't rule out the U.S. imposing sanctions on entities that continue to do business with Iran, even as efforts continue to strike a new deal.
After a meeting of the foreign ministers of Iran, Britain, France and Germany, EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said the group will come forward with measures in the next few weeks after tasking experts to protect European business in Iran.
Europe and Iran have sought a united front to save the nuclear deal that US President Donald Trump abandoned last week.
Speaking after a bilateral meeting with EU's Federica Mogherini on Tuesday, Zarif said he had good and constructive talks with her.
Analysts have suggested Russian Federation could benefit economically from the USA pull-out, as it is less exposed to the consequences of renewed sanctions than Europe.
The EU has said it will stick to the deal as long as Iran does, but the Islamic republic has warned it is ready to resume "industrial-scale" uranium enrichment if it is not satisfied.
"We do not discuss any additions to the contract", - said Mogherini. Energy and finance will follow on 4 November.
The United States has threatened to impose sanctions on European companies that do business with Iran, as the remaining participants in the Iran nuclear accord stiffened their resolve to keep that agreement operational.
She didn't specify which measures could be put in place to bypass United States sanctions, and protect European companies from potential punitive actions, repeating on several occasions that the technical details will be presented in a matter of weeks.
On Wednesday, the European Commission will meanwhile discuss the EU's 1990s-era blocking sanctions, Mogherini said. "There will be a complicated and comprehensive pattern of options both at the European Union and at the national level and therefore it may take some time to establish all of them".
But European businesses and Iranian moderates need relatively swift assurances that trade will be protected. "But as it is now, at least for the time being, we're the country that's isolated". He predicted that "many countries, perhaps most, will reluctantly adhere to Trump's demands".
"We have to be realistic about the electrified rail, the live wire of American extraterritoriality and how [it] can serve as a deterrent to business", Johnson told reporters in Brussels.
"We will have to see whether [those] remaining in the JCPOA can deliver those benefits to Iran", Javad Zarif stated Tuesday.
Even former President Obama, who typically doesn't weigh in on current events, issued a statement saying he believes the USA decision to pull out of the Iran agreement is "a serious mistake".
Iran has said it is preparing to resume "industrial-scale" uranium enrichment "without any restrictions" unless Europe can provide solid guarantees that it can maintain trade ties despite renewed U.S. sanctions.
German exports to Iran totaled almost 3 billion euros ($2.3 billion) in 2017, while French exports soared from 562 million euros ($670 million) in 2015 to 1.5 billion ($1.8 billion) in 2017 and oil giant Total has pledged to invest some $5 billion in the South Pars gas field.
He further questioned why Mumbai trial wasn't completed while adding that he always spoke the truth and stood by it. On Sunday, the military called an emergency meeting of the National Security Council which reviewed Mr.
Not long afterward, X-rays determined that Cano suffered a fractured fifth metacarpal bone in his right hand. Felix Hernandez (5-3) got the win but labored through five innings, allowing five runs and eight hits.
Fox's Lethal Weapon has been renewed for a third season, but co-lead Clayne Crawford won't be returning as Martin Riggs. The role will be his first TV series regular roles after the American Pie franchise and numerous other features.
The oil market jumped last week following Trump's decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal and reimpose economic sanctions. The immediate aftermath has seen tensions between Israel and Iran rise in Syria, already leading to one military clash.
The investigation will also raise questions about how large technology companies collect and use consumer data online. United States tech firm, Oracle claims that Google is snooping on Australian mobile subscribers.
It was his 40th goal of the season, the most by a Spurs player since Clive Allen bagged 49 in the mid-1980s. The Leicester forward was unmarked to head Riyad Mahrez's fourth-minute free-kick into the far corner.
He reportedly told TMZ: 'They [doctors] will go in and clear blockage, fix damage and put a stent where it is needed'. Media cameras are expected to follow Markle from her overnight venue to the chapel.
Last week, Haspel said she would not permit the spy agency to restart any kind of harsh detention and interrogation programmes. There are valid questions that have been raised regarding the Acting Director's record, and I have been frank with Ms.
By comparison, the Liaoning is thought to now carry around 30 warplanes, including fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. China's first domestically developed aircraft carrier departs Dalian, Liaoning province, China, May 13, 2018.
The group began the assault by ramming a vehicle into the police headquarters in the town of Pekanbaru in Riau province. The church and earlier police station attacks were likely motivated by the arrest of JAD leaders, authorities said.
It probably makes sense to do a time jump, especially considering Bruce Wayne is still a teenager. Gotham now has 86 episodes under its belt, and the season 4 finale will make it 87.
In a tweet, People's Daily showed the offending T-shirt alongside what it considers to be the correct map. It is available online on the Gap Factory U.S. website, as part of the "City T-shirt in Jersey" range.
Tributes Pour In For Tom Wolfe Wolfe worked as a reporter at the Springfield Union in MA and as the Latin American correspondent for the Washington Post . He later left for Washington, then New York , arriving there in 1962 to work for The New York Herald Tribune .
Tesla Shutting Down Operations for 6 Days to Fix Production Issues Tesla said it was "deeply saddened" by the accident and was working with local authorities to establish the cause. It's not the structural design of Tesla cars at issue here, but the reliability of Autopilot.
Taliban battle into west Afghan city renews crisis Reporters Without Borders called it the most lethal single attack on the media since the fall of the Taliban . A total of 43 Taliban fighters were killed during the battles in three different districts, he added.
1 killed, 3 injured in explosion at southern California building A female of undisclosed age was killed, and three people were injured in the explosion at a medical building, authorities said. The initial call came in about an hour ago, at which point 10 engines and 70 firefighters were dispatched.
Pakistan condemns use of force against Palestinians Thousands of Gaza residents turned out on Tuesday for the funerals of Palestinians killed by Israeli troops a day earlier. . Since the beginning of protests on March 30, more than 100 people have been killed, including 13 children.
Iran foreign minister scrambles to China and Russian Federation to save nuclear deal Zarif was in Moscow to meet Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Monday, a day after visiting leaders in Beijing. The sanctions will target critical sectors of Iran's economy, including petrochemicals, energy and finance.
Area voters to decide school budgets, board seats In the Troy City School District, voters will decide upon a $111,893,389 budget, with a tax levy of $36, 832,473. The proposed budget is available in the district's administration office for public review.
Trump says to 'stay tuned' as trade negotiations continue between US, China ZTE should not be operating in the United States and should not have easy access to American technology , Rubio said. Ross went on to praise President Trump for fulfilling his campaign promises and making trade more fair with China.
The NBA Draft Lottery is tonight, and the Wolves ... don't care The Magic is listed with an 8.8 percent chance of landing the No. 1 pick and a 29.1 percent chance of getting a top three pick. Orlando Magic officials have brought all sorts of good luck charms with them to the NBA Draft Lottery the last five years.
Trump, in tweet, pledges help for Chinese telecom firm ZTE In a tweet , Mr Trump said he is working with Chinese President Xi Jinping to get jobs back into China . Trump has repeatedly blasted China for what he calls unfair trade practices.
At least ten dead after bomb, gun battle in Afghan city Following the explosion, several gunmen opened fire and engaged in clashes with the security forces near the government facility. A public office in eastern Afghanistan came under an armed attack on Sunday, officials said.
Ireland through to Eurovision Final with song penned by Wicklow man Ryan O'Shaughnessy, 25, got himself into a bit of trouble when he went down the reality route in both Ireland and the UK. Last year, Finland's national broadcaster announced that Saara would represent her country at Eurovision 2018 .
BS Yeddyurappa claims Karnataka, Siddaramaiah asks Congress workers to 'have fun' He further said that the Congress party does not need the JD (S) since they will form the government with an absolute majority. The 2013 Assembly polls recorded a turnout of 71.45%.
More illnesses confirmed in Rose Acre Farms Salmonella recall Additional illnesses continue to be confirmed in an outbreak of Salmonella traced to eggs from Rose Acre Farms. For a full list of recalled brands, consumers are urged to check the Food and Drug Administration's website .
The List Of Every Premier League Record Man City Have Broken City went two better with their 32 perfectly split between 16 home and away wins. The say couldn't be said for the neutral who enjoys a riveting title race.
The EagleHerald website was interrupted this past week and created problems for many people when they clicked on a particular story or column on our www.ehextra.com site.
The problem has been resolved, but if you are still having issues, please log out of your browser to clear the cached information. When you restart your browser, the flash messages should be gone.
Barça Lassa became the second team to pass the 200 mark in the goals scored column this VELUX EHF Champions League season, after another dominant outing against PGE Vive Kielce. The Polish side had their four-game winning streak snapped by an offensive juggernaut from coach Xavi Pascual’s side, which saw nine players on the scoring sheet.
• Barça will be tested next week against Vardar, in Skopje, in the battle of the top two teams in the group
The last VELUX EHF Champions League game on Sunday pitted two of the most in-form teams in the competition – both with four consecutive wins that propelled them to the top two places in the ranking – against each other. But it was Barça who had the better start, jumping to a 6:2 lead and scoring at free will, underlining once again that they have the best attack in the competition.
With wings Aleix Gomez and Casper Mortensen in fine form, Barça kept in front, but a 5:1 run spurred by the Dujshebaev brothers Alex and Daniel brought back Kielce into the game, 11:10.
However, the Spanish champions still looked much stronger and took advantage of Kielce’s technical faults to open a decisive 19:14 gap after 36 minutes. There was nothing that Kielce could do in attack that Barça did not replicate, as the Spanish side expertly maintained the lead and finished with a comfortable 31:27 win.
Barça are now back at the top of the group, level with Vardar, ready for the game between the two powerhouses in Skopje next week. Kielce remain third, with eight points, and are travelling to Brest for the next round.
Michaels perfect life changes dramatically when he discovers a portal wich allows him to travel in time. He travels back to the World War II to go through the quest of time and find his one and only beloved....
Eagle Shoal, our only 15 minute away off shore dive, is for the experienced open water diver. It is the most amazing dive site on St. John. Depths range from 10-50 ft. At Eagle Shoal, also known as The Cathedral, one can swim through underwater caverns, viewing colorful corals, sponges and tropical fish as well as sleeping nurse sharks. We often see large Eagle Rays at this site..possibly the reason this dive is named Eagle Shoals
It is very much alive , a must see.! We consider this an experienced dive site primarily because the rough sea conditions promote sea-sickness... however if the conditions are calm or if you are an old seahand then you.........................................better not even think about missing this spot.
lepin 16018 lord of the rings the ghost pirate ship figure blocks educational building brick toys for children compatible legoe
2018 solid white high leg cutout 1 one piece swimsuit female monokini sexy swim suit women swimwear black backless bathing suit
cappucci sun2c led uv lamp nail 48w nail dryer for uv gel led gel nail polish with silicon pad and automatic sensor
... far away from blue-collar manual labor and comfortably nestled in a university, could hardly inhabit a more different world than those in the traditional labor movement. At least on the surface...
Keeping your professional social network fresh is of the utmost importance when you’re in the job market. To attract the attention ...
In what is promised to be an annual tradition, the Graduate Student Council threw their largest event this year, the Doctorate Dance. And I bring you the best dressed...
Since 2008, GDBBS Involved in Volunteerism at Emory (GIVE) has gathered graduate students, faculty and staff across disciplines in the life sciences to “give” back to the Atlanta community.
Each year, the Division Student Advisory Council (DSAC) hosts a wonderful symposium to showcase student research within GDBBS. Now in its 14th year, ...
Enjoy tips for painting interior doors and trim create babble picture. This image tips for painting interior doors and trim create babble has been submitted by admin in detoxic.online November 7, 2018, 9:29 am. You can easily view painting trim and doors or further helpful posts painting trim around garage door, paint doors same color as walls or trim, painting trim and doors white in outdoor and interior decorating group.
Riley B. King demographics of casino patrons 16, 1925 May 14, 2015), known professionally as B. King, was an American blues singer, electric guitarist, songwriter, and record producer. King introduced a sophisticated style of soloing based on fluid string bending and shimmering vibrato pstrons influenced many later electric blues guitarists.
King was inducted into … By Joshua Wallace. Jason Boland amp; The Stragglers are releasing their 9th studio album in Hard Times Are Relative. Its the follow-up to 2015s Squelch and this one gives fans more of the traditional Texas country music they have come to … Philip V of Spain, however, never had any intention of admitting the English to caskno free trade in demographics of casino patrons ports of Spanish America.
FERO devices are a reflection of the lifestyle and aspirations of Africa. Our products exude a youthful vibrancy and are aimed at the satisfying the needs of our customers. The brand’s portfolio includes a wide range of handsets that cover feature phones and smartphones. We at FERO believe that a good product is all about finding the right balance between style and function.
Our focus on providing aesthetically beautiful products that offer best-in-class features translates into every stage of our mobile phone development process.
We understand that every customer out there is different. Everyone is looking for different things. Everyone’s reasons for investing in a mobile phone is different. For some, a phone is all about getting work done and for others it may be a source of entertainment. But for everyone, their mobile phone is a way of life. We have tried to build this way of life into all our products. It is our constant endeavor to provide you with the best products every single day. Live life a little more, experience new things, Come… EXPLORE YOUR WORLD!
For the last 10 years, OPPO has been focusing on manufacturing camera phones, while innovating mobile photography technology breakthroughs.
OPPO started the era of selfie beautification, and was the first brand to launch smartphones with 5MP and 16MP front cameras.
OPPO was also the first brand to introduce the motorized rotating camera, the Ultra HD feature and the 5x Dual Camera Zoom technology.
In 2017, OPPO was ranked as the number 4 smartphone brand globally, according to IDC. And today, OPPO provides excellent smartphone photography experiences to over 200 million young people around the world.
Skyfon mobile company started in the year 2014, deals with selling of skyfon branded phones in both wholesalers & retailers all over the country. We deal with both smart phones and feature phones(keypad) which come in various designs and colours
we have reliable& modern customer care services with qualified technicians in all our branches who deal with all our products related issues.
X refers to Limitless; TIGI is the abbreviation of the four English words - Technologies in global innovation, meaning innovation moves technologies.
X-TIGI is a global brand within X-TIGI(Hong Kong) Co., Ltd., an international multicultural company which designs, develops, and markets globally a growing range of mobile devices.
Oppo F5 Youth smartphone was launched in November 2017. The phone comes with a 6.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 2160 pixels.
Oppo A83 smartphone was launched in December 2017. The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1440 pixels.
Oppo A71 (2018) smartphone was launched in January 2018. The phone comes with a 5.20-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels.
Oppo A37 smartphone was launched in June 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 293 pixels per inch.
The National Junior Collegiate Athletic Association announced its seeding for the Division-III Men's Soccer Tournament hosted by Herkimer County Community College, Nov. 9 -12.
Genesee received the second seed and will play the seventh-seeded Howard Community College Dragons (Columbia, Md.), Thursday, Nov. 9 at 4 p.m. The Dragons are on a five-game win streak and have a record of 13-5-1.
If Genesee is victorious against Howard, they would then face the winner of third-seeded Camden County (NJ) and sixth-seeded Suffolk County (NY), on Friday, Nov. 10 at 6:30 p.m. The semifinal winners would face one another for the NJCAA D-III Men's Soccer Title, Sunday, Nov. 12 at 1 p.m.
In other NJCAA D-III Men's Soccer news, Genesee's Charlie Livesey was named NJCAA D-III Player of the Week for his playoff performances against Tompkins-Cortland and Cayuga last week where he accumulated eight points between the two contests.
On June 20, 2005, officially a decade ago, Canada enacted legislation that made same-sex marriage legal across the country. As a progressive nation that believes consenting adults have the right… moreabout:When Love Wins
Amar a Muerte 1 Sezonas An intricate story of crossed fates and second chances unfolds as Leon Carvajal
Applications are invited for the appointment of Lectures (Adhoc) in the prescribed format (available at www.jntuhces.ac.in) in the following subjects on a consolidated pay for a period of one academic year or as on when newly appointed faculty reports, whichever is earlier. These appointments are purely on Adhoc basis in the subjects shown below:
Note : Candidates with higher qualification are preferred. Those who are pursuing their M.Tech Degree need not apply. Retired persons can also apply (No other allowances are entitled)
The last date of receipt of applications along with supporting documents, photograph and DD for Rs.1000/- (Rs.500/- in case of SC/ST) drawn in favour of the Principal, JNTUH College of Engineering Sultanpur payable at JNTUH CE Sultanpur to the undersigned is 23-07-2018. Written Test and Interview date will be intimated later.
Large drawers provide ample space for all your clothes while maintaining a streamlined silhouette. Brushed nickel hooded pulls and solid, tapered, wooden legs providing a chic, timeless look in your bedroom or guestroom. Style this chest on its own, or combine it with any of the products in the Pinyon collection for a seamless look. Pinyon collection White laminate finish Chic, brushed nickel hooded pulls Constructed from laminated composite woods Large drawers provide ample space for all your clothes Solid pine drawer sides and sturdy MDF drawer fronts provide lasting durability Tapered, solid wood legs provide a touch of sophistication
The is very popular on market, You can own this dresser at low price. If you would like to order this dresser Now. Please check the dresser's prices before deciding to order it. Love this dresser! The quality of the scarf is great! The colors are very pretty, true to the picture, and the size is great as well.
This is a very nice dresser. Excellent packaging nice for presenting as a gift. I am very happy both with the seller and the dresser. The is a product that is selling well right now. We recommend that you should rush to order the dresser before it was out of stock. We think you go to this page via a Search Engine by your smart keywords. We are not sure what you're looking for the price of this dresser or not. However, if you are searching for discount rates for this dresser and we hope that the information in this page is useful to you. We know that everyone would likes to order at the cheapest price. But sometimes a little more expensive but it's faster shipping, it's a great alternative to shopping.
Here's my top ten tips for shopping on a budget! Hopefully this shopping guide gives you some helpful ideas on how to save money while still looking fashion forward. THUMBS UP IF YOU ENJOY!
Thank you so much.Big Greatly Congratulations to you. Good Deals. If you would like to order . is a nice product to buy for yourself and your family. - Breakwater Bay Pinyon 4 Drawer Chest
This is a beautiful and very high-quality. I have now bought this for my special one and it's one of their favorites that they wear all the time! You won't be disappointed!! It is very pretty, and appears to be a high quality piece. Beautiful! I LOVE THIS . I read reviews saying it good and perfect. so I love it. Perfect color, perfect value, etc.
I was so excited to get these after reading the reviews, it is so hard to find great online and I don't have time to go shopping. I tried them on right away and thought the fit was amazing. This feels good and looks good as well. This is the best dresser I now own. Awesome gift! I was able to get this dresser on sale around New Year. Perfect gift for anyone! Customer service great as always!
Looks more expensive than is it! The colors are beautiful, good material and reversible. I purchased the dresser and have received several compliments in the short time I've had it. You won't be disappointed with this dresser. Easy to use, comfortable strap and live the colors. The quality of this was above my expectations for the price I paid!
One of the greatest challenges in Christianity is honestly examining where we are with God. It is easy to con, flatter or deceive ourselves about our life before Him. We con ourselves by our deeds, flatter ourselves with religious words and platitudes, and delude ourselves with doctrine. However, the real test of our spiritual lives comes down to our fruit (Matthew 7:16-20)
Fruit is not just a matter of good deeds, it involves the spirit in which we do something. Spirit is reflected in our disposition, manifested in our attitudes, and revealed in our approach to a matter. People think as long as they do good deeds, God will be impressed, and others will see their goodness. However, God refutes such a concept.
To King Saul, who wanted to feel good about disobeying God by offering Him some sacrifices from offerings already rejected by God, these words were spoken: “Hath the LORD as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the LORD? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams” (1 Samuel 15:22).
In the case of Isaiah, God was tired of all of the children of Israel’s religious activities that lacked true devotion to Him, and this prophecy was given: “Make the heart of this people fat, and make their ears heavy, and shut their eyes, lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and convert, and be healed” (Isaiah 6:10). Jesus best described this type of heart in Matthew 15:8, when He stated that such people draw near with their mouths, but their hearts are far away from God.
For Hosea, these words were spoken to the people of Israel in regard to their lack of love for others: “For I desired mercy, and not sacrifice, and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings” (Hosea 6:7). Jesus would quote this very statement in Matthew 9:13, but added these words: “…for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.”
When are believers going to learn that it is not our deeds that distinguish us, rather it is our attitude towards God and others? Deeds that lack the right spirit are nothing more than a con game. We are simply trying to create a false reality about our life toward God, and our relationship with others. We may be throwing sacrifices at God, but they are meant to simply keep Him off our backs. We may be tossing empty promises at those around us, but it is just to create a false impression of our “so-called” goodness, to receive adoration and worship. Is it any wonder Psalm 119:104 and 128 tells us that God hates every false way? In other words, He hates the conning and the flattering that goes on. He hates it because it means man is coming into delusion about himself and the life he is living.
I wanted to understand the face of flattery. After all, the children of Israel tried to flatter God at various times (Psalm 78:35-41). Even in spite of their flattery, God would show them mercy.
As I pondered how these people tried to flatter God, I had to consider how many of us are trying to con God with flattery. By looking up the Hebrew meaning of “flattery” in the “Strong’s Exhaustive Concordance,” an interesting picture immerges. It begins with a smooth tongue that is trying to actually set a net for a person to become entangled (Proverbs 29:5). The purpose of this net is to divide from truth, separate from reality, and place one in a slippery place of destruction.
Can you imagine a person trying to divide God from the truth, separate Him from reality, and place Him in a place where he or she will come out on top? Yet, there are those who attempt this, as well as trying to ensnare His people.
No doubt there are people trying to change our perception. We have laws against calling certain sins, sin. In fact, we are considered hateful if we stand on God’s Word about such matters. Talk about trying to divide God’s people from the truth! We have entertainment that attempts to separate us from reality, and heresy that wants to put us on a slippery path of destruction.
It is important to realize that people are being conditioned to prefer the ways of flattery to truth. They want to hear only that which appeals to their pride and their way of thinking. In other words, they prefer lies to truth. We certainly can hear such lies and false presentations coming from the mouths of many politicians. In fact, the world is wrapped up in lies that include false promises of peace, of happiness, and of establishing a perfect world. It goes on and on, but the harsh reality is that many are attracted to such flattery because they do not want to face reality.
As you study flattery in Scripture, you begin to realize that it is contrary to the ways of God. Flattery comes from lying lips that are hiding a double heart. A heart this is divided is full of pride. Pride lacks faithfulness or trustworthy character. Ultimately, flattery hides hatefulness (Psalm 12:2-3; 5:9; 36:2).
When you consider people that flatter others, it is because they hate their life, so they try to change their reality. They hate truth, because it will not bow down to them. They hate those who play their game because they cannot trust them anymore than they can be trusted. They hate those who refuse to play their game because they could expose their deceitfulness at any time.
You might wonder why I chose this subject. Have you been watching the events around Israel? From all appearances, we are living in the last of the end days. It appears that if the tide does not change in the Middle East, Christ’s coming could be very soon. As I consider the escalating events, it would be a perfect time for a world leader to step on the scene to bring the much desired false “peace” the world is clamoring after (1 Thessalonians 5:2-6) It will be a false peace because only Jesus reigning as King and Lord can establish the true peace of the soul and the world (John 14:27).
According to the Word of God, the last world leader will obtain the confidence of people by way of flatteries (Daniel 11:21, 32-35). The environment we live in has set the trap for many to buy the flatteries of this leader. This trap is clever, but as Christians we must discern the days we live in, guard our hearts against worldly entanglements, and stand sure on the Immovable Rock, Jesus Christ. Daniel 11:32b summarizes the key to standing in such a time: “…but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits.”
What about you? Are you operating in flatteries? If you are operating according to flatteries, know that you are only deceiving yourself. You will not only fall into your own traps, and experience ruin, but you are being cut off from truth, hope and deliverance (Psalm 12:3; Proverbs 26:28).
Or, are you operating according to the Spirit and truth of the Word of God? Our only hope in this day of great deception of false hope is to know the true God of heaven, stand on His character, and look upward for His deliverance. As Jesus stated in Luke 21:28: “And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh.”
It is not unusual to hear of people seeking power in the kingdom of God. This perverted emphasis on power can prove to be dangerous and destructive to the innocent. It is true that power is associated with God and the supernatural, but power is also associated with Satan. God may sovereignly allow His power to flow through His people according to His plan and ways. However, Satan makes it easy for unsuspecting people to tap into his power, as a means to counterfeit the work of God, and glorify his workings, ways, and darkness.
Sadly, many people think that if something is associated with the supernatural that it is of God. Such thinking has set people up to come under another spirit. This is why we, as Christians, are to test the spirits (1 John 4:1). The spirit is associated with the workings of the unseen and the supernatural. The spirit involves the motivation, intention and focus of something. Spirits cannot be identified from an intellectual standpoint, they can only be discerned from a spiritual perspective (1 Corinthians 2:13-14).
Obviously, power is important because it implies ability to bring something about. When it comes to power that is inspired by a wrong spirit, it proves to be controlling, seductive, oppressive, abusive, and harsh. Today, we witness the seduction and abuse of power from those who claim to be leaders. For Christendom, these leaders often claim to be apostles and prophets. They operate with what appears to be some form of power, but they are controlling and tyrannical in their leadership. They try to drive and manipulate people to agree with their particular worldview. Jesus, who is our example of true leadership, never drives or controls. He only leads. When a leader drives people through the means of control and manipulation, you know that they are heretical, and are representing the kingdom of darkness.
As I consider these false leaders, I realize they have falsely obtained their leadership. These leaders have seductive spirits that seduce innocent people into their reality (1 Timothy 4:1). Seduction simply throws a demonic covering over individuals. This covering will keep people from discerning the harsh fact that these leaders are indoctrinating them into their false reality. As the spirit warns the individuals that something is not right, they find themselves in an emotional whirlpool that is sucking them into this false reality. They cannot bring their spiritual perception into agreement with the rest of their senses to get a handle on what is wrong. It is important to not mistake seduction with the affects of truth. Truth will also cause conflict as inward conscience battles against the desire to give into the flesh, the world and darkness. Such a conflict does not stipulate seduction, but rebellion and unbelief against God and His truth.
If there are people who are properly discerning the discrepancies, seducing spirits begin to bring division between them and those who are giving way to seduction through speculation and false accusation. It is not unusual to hear about divorces where this false leadership reigns. In fact, these false leaders will tear families apart just to have total control over those who go along with their perverted indoctrination and reality. For these evil spirits, it is divide and conquer those who do not agree with the leader’s agendas and practices. The devastation that is left in their wake is alarming. Sadly, broken lives and marriages are reduced to statistics, as the Church fails to recognize the real battle.
Christians are not being properly instructed when it comes to Satan’s devices (2 Corinthians 2:11). As a result, many are becoming prey to these heretics. In the end, whole families and the spiritual lives of many end up shipwrecked by the treacherous lies of these wolves. As Hosea 4:6 tells us, God’s people perish for lack of knowledge.
This brings me to the subject of authority. When I ask Christians, what do they prefer—authority or power, some people actually become stunned. The reason for their reaction is because they never have separated power and authority. They assume the two operate together as one. Yet, they are different. It is important to make this statement: You can have power without real authority. However, real authority possesses power.
Today, there are many people claiming authority because of their “so-called” power. However, such people are devoid of genuine authority. With this fact in mind, what would you prefer—authority or power? The correct answer is obvious. Any intellectual, thinking person would prefer authority over power. But, what constitutes authority?
I looked up the word “authority” in my dictionary. It referred to the positions of authority such as government positions. In other words, these people have authority to carry out certain functions in their positions. This brings us to a very important observation. Any form of authority is given to us by those in greater authority. Everyone is subjected to some type of authority. Each person, who is in a position of authority, was given his or her authority by one who is in authority or by a ruling body or a body of people. As you study authority, you realize that all true authority comes from one source: God.
For the proper function of the Body of believers, God established positions of authority. Likewise, He established positions of authority in the home. These positions are to ensure proper leadership and order. However, problems occur because some people in these positions do not possess authority. People who are in positions of authority, but do not have authority become bullies or tyrants as they try to exert authority over others through fear, intimidation, verbal harassment and abuse. Such people are abusing their place of authority by exerting ungodly power over others. As you study the character of these people, you often discover they are cowards who are hiding behind their “so-called” authority. However, the implications behind abusing a place of authority are far reaching. No doubt the judgment will be greater for such people.
What constitutes real authority? According to my dictionary, the power in authority is not to control reality or people, but it is found in its ability to influence people. Influencing people means having the authority or command to influence opinions and behaviors. One of the greatest examples of a person who had authority to influence people was John the Baptist. He never performed a miracle, but he possessed true authority from God. Ultimately, he made a difference. He was used to prepare people for the Messiah.
As you consider God, He is not a dictator or a tyrant. He does not try to control through fear. Although He has the power to destroy, He does not intimidate others to do it His way. He wants to draw us to Him, and change our lives by influencing how we think and conduct our lives through His Spirit.
The beauty of God is that He has the authority to command such a change. He also has the power to bring about changes in one’s heart, mind and conduct. However, authority disciplines and challenges power. God’s power operates according to His authority. When power does not work within the boundary of true authority, it becomes wicked and destructive.
Now that we understand that the power within authority is the ability to influence change, we need to come to terms with what establishes authority. To understand this, let us consider the One who holds all authority: God.
Character: The first trait in authority is character. God is the source of all authority because of who He is. He is trustworthy; therefore, people can trust His leadership and motive towards them. If people do not have a trustworthy character, they will not have authority. To have authority over people’s lives, those under authority must trust those who are in positions of authority. Without trust, people will not follow. Authority never demands that people follow. Rather it encourages people to make the right decisions in all matters. Righteousness will submit and follow those who are upright.
Wisdom: People who are in positions of authority can act as if they are experts in their particular positions, but without wisdom, it is nothing but a bluff. They are hiding behind their position because they have no real substance to offer. Without substance, there is nothing but fear and arrogance. Those who have authority do not hide behind a position. After all, if you have authority, you never have to bluff your way through a situation. People who possess true authority have obtained wisdom through humility, as they wisely submit to the wisdom and authority of others. They are not afraid to experience failure in order to develop the understanding that will prove beneficial to those around them. They have learned to listen, and to apply the lessons of life to ensure both wisdom and maturity.
Respect: The next trait in authority is respect or honor. Respect in Christianity is the act of preferring the welfare of others over yourself. The problem with many people today is that they are self-centered, independent, stiff-necked, arrogant, and refuse to come under authority. This brings us to another principle surrounding authority. If a person refuses to come under authority, he or she will never possess authority. People who fail to learn the discipline of coming under authority will be abusive, brutish, indifferent, cruel, and vindictive in their handling of matters. Ultimately, such people prove to be fools. The Bible refers to them as the sons of Belial. In other words, these individuals are worthless and will prove to be troublemakers. They will be indifferent or clueless about what is really going on, and will resent any intrusion into their particular reality. If you encounter such people, if possible, flee from them.
Love: We are about to celebrate Valentine’s day. We think in terms of flowers, candy and expressions of undying love. It is so romantic, right? Such a presentation is indicative of the world, and not God. The worldly presentation of love is sensual (lustful), unrealistic, and is a fleeting sentiment. Don’t get me wrong, I am all for love and expressing it, but we as Christians must gain God’s perspective of lasting, enduring love that stands in the hard times. Love is the motivating virtue in real authority. Therefore, to have authority, we must possess God’s love, and become an expression of His love in attitude and actions towards others. If God did not have love for us, he would not command our respect and worship. In other words, He would not have the authority to command our devotion.
Authority commands respect and devotion. In God’s realm, love is a moral obligation to do right by others. If we did not believe God had such an obligation towards us, we would never come under His authority. Let me explain, people establish loyalty through two avenues: fear or love. Leaders either command loyalty because we are afraid of them, or they command our devotion because we love and trust them.
It is important to understand the psychology behind loyalty or devotion. It requires some kind of passion. For example, fear causes passion through anger and hatred, while sincere devotion causes passion through love.
This brings us back to our initial subject. Wrong spirits, such as seducing spirits, will begin by stirring up sentimental passions of devotion. Since there is no real substance behind the people who operate with these spirits, they must try to maintain such loyalty, especially from those who see through their façade. As a result, wrong spirits create an environment of fear. People begin to fear the leader’s attitude or retribution. The focus is changed from pleasing a loving God to trying to suffice a harsh tyrant. Such an environment is idolatrous and contrary to God, for He has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power, love and a sound mind (2 Timothy 1:7).
Jesus clearly stipulated that people will know we belong to Him because we possess the love of God. Therefore, people who do not possess His love, will not possess true authority. In fact, people who do not love God, will refuse to come under His authority in humility, submission and obedience. Ultimately, their fruits will tell on them as they try to control their reality through fear and intimidation. Their walk is one of unbelief. Their fruits will be that of contention, anger, hatred, and vindictiveness.
God offers every Christian authority from above. In my personal encounters with Satan, I prefer possessing the true authority over power. Keep in mind, Satan has power, but he is subjected to God’s authority. When we are under the authority of God because of love, adhering to His authority through obedience to the Word, and walking in His authority by faith, we are able to stand against and overcome that which opposes the message of redemption, God’s truths and our salvation. Such a reality is vital. For it is not a matter of having the power to overcome, but the authority from God to overcome.
Have you embraced God’s authority, thereby possessing the true authority from above? We must have this authority if we are to stand in these precarious times. My heart for you is that all notions of sentiment, power and grandeur are put aside, and that you begin to seek the living God. Keep in mind, the more you know, apply and obey the character, ways and heart of God, the more you will realize and possess His authority.
It’s easy to whip up tender scallops in a matter of minutes. Pair ’em with a glass of white wine and you’ve got the perfect start to a summer evening. First, however, you’ve got to make sure you score the very best bivalves on offer at your local fishmonger. Just remember these four terms: firm, dry, U/10, saltwater smell.
So what exactly do these terms mean? You’ll want to look for firm and dry scallops, with a texture almost like pork chops, for one. Avoid shiny, wet and/or soft ones, just like when buying any other fish. Secondly, you should be buying fewer than ten scallops per pound (“U/10” is a kicky way of saying “under 10”) — each should weigh around 1½ or 1¾ ounces. Finally, you don’t want to buy scallops that smell like, well, scallops. A saltwater and/or seaweed smell indicates that they were recently caught, so keep your nose peeled for these.
Check out the brief instructional video below — courtesy of our friends at ChefSteps — and get to searing up an impressive meal tonight!
ChefSteps comprises a team of award-winning chefs, filmmakers, scientists, designers and engineers focused on revolutionizing the way people cook by inspiring creativity and encouraging expertise in the kitchen. You can also get access to all of ChefSteps’ Premium content — including paid classes and dozens of recipes available only to Premium members for a onetime fee — for the special price of $24 (regularly $39). Classes include Sous Vide: Beyond the Basics, Fluid Gels, French Macarons and more!
This is a store that puts their time and money where their mouth is with regard to rescue dogs. Bark n' Bitches keeps between 4 and 6 adoptable dogs at a time housed in their beautiful store ready for adoption. The owner picks dogs up from one of 3 shelters, grooms them, houses them and cares for and feeds them until someone adopts each and every one.
I'd like you to meet an adorable terrier whose name I cannot remember. A dog like this could change my mind about small dogs. She was so interactive and friendly.
We were just strolling past Bark n' Bitches with time to kill, when I decided to shop for a dog bed for Jackson.
The three of us spent time with all the dogs and Lauren, the cool chick running the store and trouble shooting. While we were there, a good Samaritan from a gas station called. One of their recently adopted out dogs had been found with a Bark n' Bitches dog tag on its collar running the streets near a local gas station. When she closed up shop in 10 minutes, her first priority was to run down and get the dog at the gas station and bring it back to the store.
In addition to spending their time and money doing much needed & never ending dog rescue work here in Los Angeles, this indie shop carries some of the coolest merchandise I have ever seen at actually very fair prices. (Compared to the closest indie shop to me in Silverlake, whose prices are akin to highway robbery.) Here are some shots of merchandise that caught my eye.
V cool highly elevated feeding station...Daisy would have loved this. It looks like it was made out of an old (v old) soda fountain. I have never seen anything cooler. This is industrial art.
The selection of collars is gob stopping. I bought Jackson a lovely black leather collar studded with steel stars. I am not sure he is cool enough for it, but we are going to give it a whirl. If you look closely, some of them look like Western tooled leather belts, some with Swarofski crystals, soft leather with delicate metal studding like a Calleen Cordero sandal, and so on.
Above is another item I caved on, antlers found on the ground during antler shedding season. Then boiled and sanded and ready for weeks worth of chewing.
I took home the big bed on top for my special canine, the black one with white bones. The top is made from very short sheared sheep skin. As soon as I set it on the floor, Jackie lay down on it and wouldn't move. He has been suffering a poorly filled and sized Target bed recently, and I think he was communicating something along the lines of, "It's about damn time you got me a decent bed, you ingrates."
Hating the fact that even on my days off my body insists on waking me up at the ungodly hour of 5:45 AM, what else is there to do but write about last night's dinner? This week my BFF/ex-roommate is in town from London and we always eat well together. I knew we would have a special experience if I took her to Ludobites during the last few weeks of Ludo Lefebvre's engagement there. Seemingly for my amusement, H's sister R decided to come with us for a girls' night out. I don't think I have ever had more fun dining with someone than R. She experienced that dinner with such gusto...previously unbeknownst to me, this is a woman who will try anything. If it isn't right the first time, she will rearrange elements on the plate until she finds a combo with the ingredients that does work, and if it is right the first time she will lick the plate clean. Yay!
We started the evening with this bottle of California sparkling wine. A reliably good fizz for the price, Mom serves this at Thanksgiving to go with the Turkey and sometimes during the annual summertime Fried Chicken and Champagne Feast. Le sigh. I wish I lived closer to her food.
We perused the menu and had a star sighting. Shawn Pyfrom, Bree Van de Camp's son Andrew, was sitting back-to-back with R. We texted A to tell her, and initially she didn't care but rapidly decided she hated us for leaving her at home. Here is a pic of the back of his head, just for A. He's shorter than I imagined, but well made.
We started the meal on the lighter side, with some veg and soup. I wanted something green inside me, so I fell for the Green Beans, Peach, Coconut, Apple, Horseradish Lemongrass.
With al dente beans, surprising long shreds of fresh coconut, and small thin chunks of apple & peach, this dish was dressed with a lovely little horseradish lemongrass mousse.
H started us out with the chilled soup, Chorizo, Cantaloupe, Cornichons. This was maybe my favorite flavor of the evening. I ran into Mike from Pepsimonster at the door, and exchanging tweets later in the evening discovered this was one of his favorites too. He was sitting with L & A from the fish bones and karaoke evening in Little Tokyo a few weeks back, and their party of 6 ordered one of everything on the menu. One.of.everything. This soup was rich, a little like a bisque but not quite as thick. The flavor was totally saturated with chorizo, almost bacony. I thought the chunks of cantaloupe were gratuitous but only because I don't love cantaloupe. Normally I think melon and cured pork products are wonderful companions, thinking of honeydew and prosciutto. What was really delightful was the cornichon granita in the middle of the soup. Frozen vinegar and pickle. Naturally, the still very British R wants to bathe in this. Eat it on crackers, off crisps, or simply with her fingers. It was that good.
R dove in head first to the exotic, Snails, Spinach, Curry-Yogurt. The curry-yogurt was a little off putting for me when reading the menu. The only curry I love is a Thai curry. However, this was a curry-yogurt foam and didn't overtake the flavor/texture of the snails nor the spinach and heavy garlic coating said snails.
I wanted to show how much pureed spinach there was under that foam, and how dense it was. After we finished the snails, R & I were scooping out every bit of spinachy goodness we could from the bottom and sides of the dish.
For the second round, H requested the Heirloom Tomato Salad, Red Onions, Feta Mousse, Oregano, Olives Niçoise. Niçoise, bishes. This is the best heirloom tomato salad I have had all season. It is one of two items still on the menu from the last time I ate with Ludo & wife. Les tomates were very fresh and retained a nice firmness. *snicker* H went ape shit for the feta mousse. She has a couple food allergies, and has trouble with dairy. I remember traveling the world and living together in our twenties as a painful tummy time for her and 100% respect her dietary needs. Since feta is not dairy from cows, she could indulge in this mousse, and now wants to know how to make it at home. I am going to work on this for her. I bet I can master it and send her the info. NOT the way I have mastered Sedlar's habanero caramel? No, much more masterfully. Caramel perfection eludes me.
The second item that remained the same on the menu from my previous visit is the oxtails and polenta. Creamy Polenta, Cantal Cheese, Oxtails, Black Truffle. Of the infamous twitter feed wherein the entire vat of oxtails was spilled on the floor one evening in the kitchen and several tweeters declared willingness to eat it from the floor, this dish is delicious. The truffle this time was more prominent than last. I am sure it is a truffle specific issue. Like onions, some truffles must be naturally more flavorful than others.
For the second round, R spoke for the duck. Duck Breast, Crispy Skin Puree, Carrot Cake Coulis, Pink Grapefruits, Orange Blossom Water, Baby Rainbow Carrots. The right side of this plate was amazingly sweet, warm, savory, fatty duckness.
The left side, the side with the beautiful baby carrots, was overwhelmed by the fragrance of the orange blossom water. I normally love orange blossom water and fragrance. However, this heavy handidness overwhelmed the delicate carrots. I cried to see them go, but couldn't eat a second carrot. The duck was wonderful, and would have been better accompanied by simple buttered baby carrots. But where's the fun in that?
I caved on the Foie Gras Black Croque-Monseiur, Ham, Cherry Tomatoes, Amaretto. Hard to go wrong with ingredients this deliciously decadent. However, the bread was too crispy, a hair short of burnt. Shamelessly tossing the bread to the side, I nommed on the delicious guts, the liver contrasting nicely with the crispy ham and unmelted cheese. Now, here's the thing. In a Croque-Monsieur (or Madame) the cheese is supposed to be melted and the bread is supposed to be soft enough still to bite with your teeth. The ingredients down to the swirl of berry jam were incomparable, but the execution was a little off.
Last night was a crazy decadent food orgy with two of my favorite women on the planet who I just don't see often enough. My regular readers know I am not a dessert fan, however, how could I say no to spending another 45 minutes and another gastronomic adventure with my two beautiful companions. I could not and promptly ordered the Chocolate Cupcake, Foie Gras Chantilly, Candied Bacon Almonds, Maple Syrup. It's not my fault. Folie-a-Choisauce told me to. Looking at her blog right now quickly, a current tweet there describes pornographically (kinda) her love for the chocolate foe cupcake.
"@PepsiMonster those two were my absolute favs. I mean wowMOMwow!! that cupcake is easily my new fav dessert in the city"
H loved the cake part of the cupcake, and actually liked the candied bacon almonds. She declared the foie gras chantilly disturbing. Creepy, even. She was a little afraid to sit at the same table as the still unfinished dessert. She subtly scooted back her stool and reached for the mace.
I was surprised at the chantilly. It was so foie. The texture was marvelously light and creamy, and the foie flavor was so strong. This is an unusual and intriguing dessert. I might need to try it again to decide how I really feel about something so dangerous.
Vanilla Panna Cotta, Caramel, Caviar. R had her eyes on this one immediately. Not a fan of caviar though, she was a little shy about how to tackle this. I dove in and relieved some of the caviar from its duty. She worked her way around the caviar, eating the simple panna cotta and perfect GD caramel. Eventually, the only thing left on the plate was some caviar and a great pool of caramel. So, she scooped some of both up with a spoon. And.....discovered....wait.....for....it.....
Last night was a slightly less perfect meal than last time, flavor wise. (Company wise it will not be topped, ever, until Friday.) However, I have never had food this adventurous, this surprising...this occasionally disturbing. No one else is making food like this, anywhere that I know of. This kicks the ass of molecular gastronomy like the archetypal schoolyard cigarette smoking bully pummeling the spindly class mathlete with a pencil protector all up and down the middle school hallways. Everything is inventive without so much pretense, so many machinations. Every single ingredient is perfection on its own. (We watched the produce delivery for the next day some traipsing through the restaurant at approximately 9:15 PM.) Not that there weren't a couple of miss steps here and there, but there will always be miss steps on the path to perfection. And that perfect caramel still haunts me this morning.
Because A.O.C. calls itself a wine bar, I will lead with the wine. We pulled into A.O.C. the other night after running some errands south of the 10, and for the first time that I can remember there was serendipitously room for two at the bar. I ordered directly from the special flights a trio of whites from the Lompoc wine ghetto just north of us in Santa Barbara county. These whites were deliciously summery. Fruit forward, and not too sweet. I actually liked them best in order rather than progressively. The Palmina Tocai Firulani was my favorite.
Le Journal du Vine did a thorough tasting/journaling in the Lompoc ghetto a couple years back. Based on these wines, I would definitely hit that region for a convenient and low budget weekend tasting.
The menu at A.O.C. continues to excite. In the mood for veggies and fish, there were too many selections to choose from. I wished we were dining with more people. Shrimp, salmon, trout and mussels, it all looked delicious. In advance, please excuse the iPhone pics. Making an attempt to be spontaneous, I headed out without my camera. I am sure even with my G9 the pics would have been mediocre due to the very yellow mid range light quality. The lighting at A.O.C. is really not interesting for food shots.
Food wise, we were jump started with simple white crusty bread and a pepper tapenade. The texture and flavor felt and tasted like roasted bell peppers with something spicy (red pepper flakes maybe?) and lots of rich olive oil. I am not a huge fan of the bell pepper, but D gobbled this down and decreed it yummy.
D has transformed overnight in a pâté eater. From the charcuterie menu for an hors d'ouevres, he ordered us chicken liver crostini with pancetta. Fancy! Atop two long slices of slightly oily grilled bread, the chicken pâté was spread generously and topped by a bacony piece of pancetta with the entire dish topped with lightly dressed frisée. This was probably my favorite dish of the night. I am, of course, a fan of organ meat anyway. This one was a nice rendition, not as fatty as my favorite chicken liver mousse at BLT, and I was thrilled to watch the order for pâté generate from my manly dining companion.
I do love the way food comes out of the kitchen at A.O.C. We ordered one-for-one in terms of course, they came out nevertheless one-by-one to share instead of side by side. Enforced sharing. I like it. The service at A.O.C. is always so good, I am sure they would deliver the food however you ask for it. Above is the requisite summertime heirloom tomato and burrata salad with balsamic and crunchy croutons with broad flat leaf parsley. Ubiquitous that night, this flat leaf parsley was a delicious addition to several items we noshed on. Big herbaceous flavor from those broad flat leaves. This salad, and the one to follow, in my opinion were a little overdressed. With delicious burrata, summertime heirlooms fat and ripe, and all that parsley, dressing should be a slight addition to the flavor not so overpowering.
My salad came out second. Beets with feta, cucumbers and yogurt. I cannot resist savory food with yogurt, and I liked this combo. The yogurt was hiding on the bottom of the dish, so I found myself really scooting things around to evenly coat each beet with cumminy spiced Persian yogurt. The cukes were almost an afterthought in the dish because they were sliced tiny...I think I kind of avoided them. Cucumbers and feta are a winning flavor combination though, and this dish left the bar clean.
Later we shared a carafe of something wonderful. I have no clue what it was, D would remember but he's asleep. I do love a carafe.
My entree was the humongous Gulf shrimp with tomato butter and cornbread. It sounds better in theory than it actually was. At both A.O.C. and Hungry Cat, although I know they are cheffed by different people, there is a tendency toward serving shellfish in their exoskeletons. Removing the proteins from the shell themselves, clients are treated to an experience both sophisticated and earthy. While I am not the most sophisticated person on the planet, I am not the earthiest either. The times I ate at Killer Shrimp I ordered my shrimps shelled for the extra couple clams. I prefer my arthropods sans shells. The tomato butter did not taste as saturated with tomatoeyness as I thought it would, and the effect was greasier than I had imagined.
Again, the yummy flat leaf parsley. Mediterranean style, A.O.C.'s food is not known for being light. There are certainly light choices on the menu, but I found 3/5 of the plates we ate to be overly oily or overtly greasy. The flavors in the shrimp dish were good, just not great. I liked the grilled crispy cornbread but sitting in the tomato butter it absorbed a lot of fat. The small piece of cornbread was pretty much drenched by the time it hit my lips, which compromised some of the grittiness I love in a cornbread.
The last dish of the evening was conversely quite dry. Halibut with salt cod, underneath there somewhere, sorrel and garlic. This dish was good, but the fish itself was rather dry. I would have liked a little more salt cod to squish around with the halibut. Flavors were nice though.
It was a treat to eat casually at the bar at A.O.C. , despite the aggressive "young attorneys mating conversation" in my left ear and one aggressive attorney elbow continually knocking my arm and fleshy breast region. The seats to their left were empty. What is it about property west of La Brea that makes people stand their ground at bars so firmly? It's a strange phenomena oft noted by myself and constantly present company. Some day I am going to have words with someone about how easy and polite it is to share space when there is space available.
At any rate, the times I have been to A.O.C. previously we always planned ahead, got a reservation, ate at a table and the bar was always packed out. This week the bartenders attended to us beautifully in temperament and service. I also really enjoyed the wine list, thank goodness being that this is a wine bar. There are so many selections to choose from at several price levels. I highly prize this at any restaurant and especially at self-proclaimed wine bars. The food could have been better, but nothing could be called bad per se. I just don't think I will hurry across town to eat at A.O.C. again soon with so many other offerings in my immediate neighborhoods both springing up and thriving. But it was a treat to visit again and find things still very much the same as the last visit.
Coming up next Saturday at the California Science Center is a food & drinks benefit for Product by Product. Product by Product is a national volunteer organization of social entrepreneurs that serves Asian-American non-profits in need by raising public awareness, volunteerism and capitol. Each year, local chapters of Product by Product choose a community based organization and tailors a year-long campaign to help its fund raising, community outreach, and public awareness efforts. This year the Southern California chapter is working with the Asian Pacific Islander Small Business Program to work with.
The Asian Pacific Islander Small Business Program (API SBP) was established in 1999 to deliver individual counseling and workshop training to low income Asian immigrant populations in Los Angeles. In 2008, API SBP served more than 2500 entrepreneurs!
API SBP serves its clients in Spanish, English, and six Asian languages, providing free individual business counseling and an extensive array of business workshops and courses. API SBP provides guidance to its clients in business plans, loan applications, and other forms of access to capital, basic business preparation, franchise acquisition, etc. Many of its workshops are presented in alliance with business organizations and other community partners, as a way of strengthening the communities in which API SBP works. All of API SBP's program geographies are focused in low/moderate income census tracts. API SBP also provides an entrepreneurial financial literacy program for low income adults co-sponsored by the United Way of LA, which provides modest financial incentives to program participants.
On Saturday, August 1, 2009, from 7:00 pm to 10:00 pm, Project by Project will be hosting the Seventh Annual Tasting Benefit called Plate by Plate in Los Angeles, California. All net proceeds from the admission and auction purchases of the event will benefit the Asian Pacific Islander Small Business Program to help the organization strengthen its foundation and mission to assist the development of Asian and Pacific Islander small and micro businesses in Los Angeles, especially those of low income immigrants of Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Thai, and Filipino communities.
Over 30 chefs from many of the Southland's finest New American, international, and fusion restaurants join with exceptional vintners, brewers, and distillers from around the world to bring attendees a midsummer night's dream of savory and mouth-watering food and fun. While having the fill of delicious drinks, divine dishes, and delectable desserts, guests will find celebrities in attendance and will be able to take in the live entertainment on stage. There is also a stellar silent auction for attendees to bid on the unique experiences from exclusive cooking lesson, special dining package, airline tickets to chic products. For the consummate experience, upgrade to a VIP ticket and enjoy access to a private area and reception featuring exclusive tastings and entertainment.
Trying to be good about not drinking and driving, being good to the environment and embarking on new adventures, we have been enjoying the bus taking so far this summer. We stroll down our hill to Sunset and catch a bus heading toward downtown or toward the beach.
and as the sun starts to set a little on our hood, out transport to fun slowly pulls up to the stop.
Yeah, sometimes when taking the bus we will get about halfway or far enough to where we need to transfer and if a cab comes along we will just hop in for convenience sake. You can take the man away from the car, but you cannot take car tendencies away from the man. It's still good for the environment though, right? I mean, the cab would be driving around empty anyway if we weren't in it, right? Wrong. This is not the way supply and demand work. It is the way justification for behavior works.
Pulling up in Little Tokyo, we are early. We decide to swing by Wine Bar C to visit Jazz. Lo and behold, Calbi is parked outside. Yes, it looks suspiciously like another Korean BBQ taco truck we all know and, well know. We all know what truck I am talking about. However, there is no long line. D gets some food anyway because we are going to eat small plates with a group, so he has to front load that food adventure by assuaging his hunger first.
Ice cold sake. D will inevitably pour the decanter the wrong way spilling ice water all over the bar. This magic trick has yet to fail. I am waiting for the day he gets it right and we have a dry clean bar in front of us when we leave. *waits*
These were pretty durn tasty. The sauce is very different than "those who shall not be named". A little thinner, but equally savory and delicious. We tried chicken and beef, and both were very good. I have yet to wait long for Korean BBQ tacos, as luck has been in my favor every time I have ventured out seeking the food of "those who shall remain nameless in this post". I am not sure how long I would wait for these, maybe 10 minutes. I have no line aversion. But I am looking forward to trying the food from some of the many other gastro-truck offerings in the Southland. Ice cream, french fries, sushi, and so on. You know.
Nevertheless, our trip to Bar C is somewhat in vain because neither Jazz nor Yumi work there anymore. I do not see more trips there in my near future. Those two, their welcoming natures and the party they were able to generate at a moment's notice were the main draw.
We move on to meet friends around the corner at Izayoi. We met MAG, with whom I have been carrying on an internet friendship for months. We also met several of her friends and had a great time. Izayoi was celebrating their anniversary and booze was half off. HALF OFF! We consumed some serious amounts of sake and Kirin. Turns out, the best bar snack to accompany copious amounts of beer and sake is deep fried fish bones. And about 6 plates of them. It looks like some kind of prehistoric Trader Joe's snack for neanderthalithic yuppies. Fish bones, good.
Eventually we did leave, and things seemed to go south as soon as we walked out the door. In good ways and bad. There were more drinks, karaoke, a possible bar fight (words were exchanged) and banishment from said karaoke bar. No dancing or jumping? WTF?
Not sure if it was the beautiful summer night, the fish bones, or the bus. But this was one of those nights when one forgets their age and their mortality. Everyone is 23 again, and we owned the universe. Until we took a cab home and went to bed, all before 11 pm.
Our porn review site, https://www.mrporngeek.com/ lists new quality sites and if we receive a good amount of requests for the gay niche, we will build a section for this category.
Each unique review will be written by our editor and will also include a link that redirects towards your website.
Check out our current listings and if you consider that you have a good qualirt site, please contact us at admin[at]mrporngeek[dot]com
I had a look at it and it's not bad at all. I usually go here to get my gay videos: http://premiumpornsites.net/top-10/gay-sites/ - it has worked really well for me. Happy to share!
Select Month	November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011
Hosted by Cherokee Choices, this year’s 5K run offers something for everyone, from seasoned runners to new runners and walkers, too! With Age Groups (and Awards!) 8 & Under, 9-12, & 13-15 you know this[...]
The turkey, cornbread dressing, pumpkin pie, football and family time…so many reasons to love about Thanksgiving! Did we mention pie? Each family has its own activities and traditions to look forward to the holiday. This[...]
Lace up your shoes and enjoy the FUN on Sunday, December 2, 2018! Anyone who has been to a Girls on the Run 5K knows that it is unlike any other running event. It is[...]
Overview: The Valley of the Lilies Half Marathon & 5K has a scenic course, featuring rolling hills, on the campus of Western Carolina University and along the Tuckaseigee River in Cullowhee, NC. The 9th annual[...]
This is the official ABBA show supported by Bjorn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson. It includes the ABBA original musicians and several of the Swedish pop band's hits.
Laughs in the Valley - Hosted by Chris Mosley Jr. at Michael's at Park Central | Las Cruces Events Events - Las Cruces Sun-News
24th February, to March 4th, 2006. Major childrens stage show, Diamond Illusions at Björnrike ski resort, Northern Sweden.
Friday 21st, Saturday 22nd, Sunday 23rd January 2006. Appearing at Björnrike Ski resort northern Sweden for TV4 staff corporate party.
Wednesday 21st and Tuesday 22nd of December. Appearing at the Brig Pub and Restaurant, Västervik, Sweden.
January/February/March, 2006. Rehearsal for major stage show, DIAMOND ILLUSIONS in Stockholm, Sweden. Show features more than 5 major stage illusions and will be ready for viewing in March, 2006.
By accessing “Hyperion Entertainment Message Boards” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “Hyperion Entertainment Message Boards”, “http://forum.hyperion-entertainment.biz”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “Hyperion Entertainment Message Boards”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “Hyperion Entertainment Message Boards” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “Hyperion Entertainment Message Boards” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “Hyperion Entertainment Message Boards” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “Hyperion Entertainment Message Boards” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
In total there are 10 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 10 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
professional seasonal iron hull appearance digital lcd tattoo power supplier kit for tattoo machine gun kit free shipping
fashion mens watch top brand luxury women quartz watch leather military sports wrist watch wristwatch large dial cool trendy
quicksand rhinestones ladies watch fashion quartz watches women dress watch top brand luxury female steel clock rose gold table
Privacy Policy Thanks for reading our best jokes collection. Humor is good for your health. © 2003-2018 EveryJoke.com
The DES PHOTOGRAPHES collection provides an open site for crossovers between genres, a meeting place where photography and writing can come together in a single work with two points of entry. In these publications, which combine photography and writing, both disciplines play determining roles, while remaining inseparable in the work. Without subordinating one to another, these books explore different but complementary processes where photography and writing combine.
Please keep in mind that the following data are from a test unit reviewed by Golden Ears - the test unit is not necessarily a representative sample of the model being reviewed.
The following chart is an expression of the reviewer's opinion on this product's measured data and perceived sound, and may include bias from using the Golden Ears reference unit as a standard.
I wonder because when you go to the front page and click on Tour, it still says C&G for the next 4 dates.
I get tired of the "we are going to sing songs off of every albums!" and then they proceed to ignore Sonic Highways and St Cecilia.
We took a friend and it was her first Foo concert. She said it was the best show she has seen, and she's a huge Kiss fan.
They haven't played that song since last year. I wish they would play Feast and the Famine, but they won't.
What I don't understand is if the Foos won't play lesser known songs, why do they extend out songs to 15 minutes? (or so it seems).
We missed the majority of the Struts and what we did see, I was not impressed at all. I couldn't make out what he was saying, but now that you typed that, I bet it was that because he kept waving his...
So they brought back a cover they used to do...young man blues :vom: why can’t they just play a song off their new album instead??
Seeing them twice this summer...next month is the makeup date for Lexington. Only reason we didn't get refund for tickets is that we hope they make up for cancelling the show last year at last...
At first I read this: "We play four or five new songs a night, I’m guessing.” as them playing "new" songs meaning songs they haven't played in awhile....but it means songs off the new album.
Not being familiar with Young Henry's beer, are they good? I'm somewhat of a beer snob and refuse to drink the "national" brands (Bud/miller/coors/etc) as they...
In several ways the language sustainable and also fashion will not really take a seat together properly. I have got heard lasting fashion called both oxymoronic plus a contradiction and maybe this does work. Is promoted possible for your fashion industry to get sustainable?	stylekeeper
Car lease has grow to be big enterprise. A signifigant amounts of fresh and car buyers in britain are creating their car purchase about finance of some type, and many individuals choose to prepare it from the dealership. So what should you know concerning financing your car or truck from the particular dealer?	localfinance
Currently, traditional global law will not consider individual environmental rights with a clean and also healthy environment to become jus cogens individual right. Jus cogens ("compelling law") identifies preemptory legitimate principles and also norms which can be binding about all global States, irrespective of their agreement.	legalguide
Security can be a major factor that you need to enjoy -- and also invest a lot of money with -- at home. Affordable and also basic safety systems at home can aid in keeping your household safe and also peacefully sleeping during the night.	homeimprovementguide
After Planet War 2 the middle classes abandoned bus travel and only travel simply by private vehicle. Today many Americans vacation by tour bus or aircraft when venture long-distance journeys. High fuel prices have got boosted tour bus travel right after decades regarding decline.	toptravelers
Changing nice hair style later on in life is not an easy decision to produce. You will probably be frought with anxiety about needing to learn if you are likely to be doing the proper thing. Well a straightforward techniques will make the process easier to handle. Here we all discuss techniques in tips on how to make the proper decision when contemplating a modify or full make above.	styleblog
It was once that obtaining business cash to get a smaller enterprise was relatively straightforward. You'd go to see your neighborhood friendly banker and speak about your enterprise needs. You'd discuss everything you needed and so they would assistance with financing a small business loan : yours, being exact.	gobusiness
Washington is probably the magnificent states in america of The usa. This state can be an extra ordinary destination for a work. This spot is popular for providing a fantastic working problem to the employees. The labour and job law on this place means that no injustice is completed with the particular employees. These regulations also care for the functioning conditions which can be being provided for the employees.	lawtoday
Remodeling your property is an overwhelming possibility - So how do an individual start? If you're slightly hesitant to take the plunge into the full scale redecorating project, you can still find many methods make a massive impact around the comfort, seem, and feel of your property without breaking the lender.	besthomeimprovement
Travel nurse practitioners are nurse practitioners who happen to be different places for short-term functioning assignments. Travel nurse practitioners often benefit hospitals, medical doctors offices, and inside the medical government field.	travel101
You'll find all varieties and styles of trend blogs because the internet is packed with them. It can speak about the main advantage of wearing slim jeans above boyfriend denims or just how pink takes the spot of african american plus every one of the extras. When you go on the web, you are certain to get your fill with the latest in fashion trends by means of fashion sites.	topfashion
I wish to share together with you some power contractor enterprise ideas. I will probably be sharing some ideas that you might think about in case you are currently in operation as a power contractor. Or in the event you plan on-going into business in the foreseeable future.	mrbusiness
Everyone has to go purchasing, but the ways that people elect to shop are becoming very varied within the last few many years. The go up of world wide web shopping provides seen purchasing trips turning into less of your social activity plus more of any solo sports activity, as we commence to do our own shopping from your comfort individuals own residence, via the net. But it doesn't must be the circumstance.	internetshopping
Many customers of Free airline Florida homes desire to enjoy your home now, but in addition rent your home seasonally to be able to offset expenditures. It's an excellent strategy whether you are looking for a single house in your community, or a flat purchase. Here are usually top facts to consider before buying in your community.	homeimprovement101
The self-sufficient traveler abides by way of a philosophy just like Taoism (that means "way, inches or "path"). This permits the self-sufficient traveler to take pleasure from a freedom which can be rare. As opposed to needing a lot more, the self-sufficient traveler wants less. Independent travelers recognize that by leaving behind things behind it is possible to take the entire world with an individual.	protraveler
One of several hardest things about decorating your house is seeking the style that you like all of which will fit your own home. Often people save money time trying to get a design or style for the room when compared with actually purchasing the items along with decorating the bedroom.	make style
These days and nights, when many of us admit an enterprise is under-going tough periods, it just means it can be experiencing cash-flow troubles. There can be some facts to suggest that many businesses often meet up with very critical cash-flow issues of their businesses.	do business
Through our research along with individual work in the past with mothers-in-law along with daughters-in-law a real theme features emerged because most predominant -- an awareness of powerlessness. Mothers-in-law think whatever they accomplish, no subject what that they say, it looks like it's the drastically wrong thing -- perhaps doing nothing is most likely the wrong issue.	law forum
The net finally fulfilled considered one of its wonderful promises: Everyone is making income by offering products for the ecommerce internet sites. If you're new at all to ecommerce, or selling services on the world wide web, read in. This content explains the easiest way an ecommerce shopping cart solution solution for websites.	smart shopping
Travelling using "little ones" might be the most joyous situations of all-it can even be the most stressful. Parent stress is often high while travelling with young kids or little ones as children within this age class have a number of needs, short awareness spans and they are easily bored to tears or upset when cooped up for years.	about travel
There are many different design and style styles available when adorning your lounge. One thing to recollect when adorning your lounge is you must be comfortable inside room and much like the style as you are probably will be spending a great deal of your amount of time in the place. Here vary design variations for rooms to consider for ones home.	style 101
Setting up an enterprise from your scratch is usually a tough alternative for keen entrepreneurs, in particular when they fall inside minority segment. Arranging to the funds and managing the expenses might be risky along with daunting. Government entities has as a result, initiated various assistance programs to the minorities considering small corporations, assisting along with boosting them because of their endeavor.	get business
Taking a look at starting your law agency, one overlooked method to obtain business can be local recommend work. While i began our career just as one attorney at the medium sized law practice, I had a perception of what I'd personally be implementing. Areas including corporate legislations, family legislations, criminal legislations, estate legislations, real house law, are all instances of practices areas that every lawyers have an understanding of because those people courses are generally taught throughout probably every single law school in the us.	law system
Shopping any place in British Columbia is surely an experience itself and single purpose popular activities to do, other as opposed to many backyard activities. Should you be a customer and have to get the home elevators British Columbia places, retail outlets, store discount codes then this information help you getting online home elevators these matters.	top shopper
Selecting take a trip websites that will suit your travel situation is vital. Due to your heightened levels of competition from a lot of travel internet sites, customers will find a very good value thus to their dream take a trip experience. Spending some time to recognize which site is efficient at which niche are going to be beneficial throughout both small and end.	traveler guru
In a lot of ways, a woman's hairstyle mirrors your ex personality along with plays a huge role inside first feeling she creates when people meet your ex. Is your ex style demur along with shy, hot with curls along with wispy bangs, or possibly a short, boyish lower that signals on the outside entire world that the girl enjoys the outside and athletics? Read this content to determine.	fashoin style
Most businesses feel that business capital is something which you are required when your small business is small on income or periods are challenging. A wide range of businesses step out looking pertaining to business funding if your business is just not good. Some time to find business funding is just not when your small business is undertaking horrible or you happen to be strapped pertaining to cash.	business mom
When taking into consideration the family legislations field, and whether you wish to start your law agency, it is vital to look at your train area as well as "niche". Many brand-new attorneys have no idea of what train area they should join after they come out of law institution. That can be understandable since law school helps you with how for you to "think as being a lawyer" but not how to train law.	law corner
There are lots of reasons pertaining to shopping throughout online searching. Some people love to just get out your front door and check out a conventional mall except for those that much like the convenience of resting and look by hitting, 24 hours every day 7 days 7 days, this is the most effective way to undertake it. You preserve gas, eliminate packed areas and use a wide assortment of items to acquire and recover prices when compared with shopping some other way.	shopping talk
Should you be reading this information now, More than likely that today is just not your 1st day being seen the words - online business, work in your house jobs, operating from home, working from your own home jobs, operating from home ideas, and many others. If you happen to be just being seen it for the 1st time, take your time and efforts to study for a new clearer being familiar with.	smart home improvement
INRS will be organising and hosting its next scientific conference on Biological Risks with the support of the Partnership for European Research in Occupational Safety and Health (PEROSH).
This conference is the sixth in a series of conferences organised by INRS on occupational safety and health research. The objectives are:
The conference is expected to contribute in particular to highlighting how to take advantage of recent technological and scientific progress for prevention purposes and should open up future research opportunities.
The conference will address risks related to exposure to all types of biological agents (bacteria, fungi, viruses, microbial compounds, etc.), the routes of exposure (contact, injury, inhalation, etc.) and the health effects (infections, allergies, etc.). It will also cover the prevention measures adapted to work situations in different sectors (health care sector, waste treatment and sanitation, agrifood sector, jobs in contact with animals, biotechnologies, etc.).
Researchers, experts, OSH practitioners, physicians concerned by biological risks in the field of occupational safety and health, will be interested in this multi-disciplinary scientific conference.
Measures to spur competition in the retail banking market - Based on a settlement with Arion Bank | News | News | The Icelandic Competition Authority
Arion banki hf. has reached a settlement with the Icelandic Competition Authority regarding measures to reinforce competition for the benefit of individuals and small enterprises
The decision of the Icelandic Competition Authority (‘ICA'), no. 22/2017, published today, outlines a settlement that the ICA has reached with Arion banki (one of Iceland's three big banks) on measures to spur competition in retail banking services. The main goals with the measures (set out in the settlement as commitments) are:
Make it easier and more efficient for individuals and small companies to shop around for financial services and thus exert greater competitive discipline on those offering retail banking services.
Following decision no. 8/2015, dated 30 April 2015 (see press release), which involved significant changes in connection with operations and arrangements in the payment market, the ICA started discussions with the three big commercial banks regarding further actions to spur competition in the retail banking market. Among the aims of the discussions was to bring closure to investigations into certain practices in the market.
Arion banki is the second after Landsbankinn of the three big Icelandic commercial banks to complete the above mentioned settlement negotiations with the ICA. The commitments of the settlement with Arion banki are largely identical to the commitments in the settlement with Landsbankinn (see press release here). Negotiations for a settlement with Íslandsbanki (one of the three big Icelandic banks), are in the final stages.
By reducing unnecessary hindrances that customers face when they want to switch banks, customers are provided with the ability to induce greater competitive discipline in retail banking that should inter alia compel the banks to compete more aggressively for customers, e.g. by offering them more favourable rates, fees and terms.
As part of the settlement, Arion banki commits to adhere to the following conditions in its operations:
Prepayment fees will not be charged for early redemptions made by debtors in the case of loans that carry variable interest rates when the borrower is an individual or a small enterprise. This applies to such outstanding loans at the time of signing (irrespective under which laws they were granted) as well as to future loans of this type.
Caps on fees will apply in the case of charges for transferring tied private pension savings from the bank to other entities that offer private pension fund management. This commitment is to reduce the tying effects of such charges on the mobility of customers, thereby promoting more effective competition in this field.
Swapping of mortgage debtors via property transactions will no longer be conditional upon the buyer moving all of his or her banking services to the respective bank. Banking services in this context refer to salary payment account together with, if applicable, other services.
It will be made easier to switch banks. To attain this goal, the selection, development and installation of systems and technical solutions will take account of this aim. Customer surveys will be used to identify the preferences of customers in this regard and the bank will respond accordingly.
Customers will be notified of significant changes to interest rates and service fees before they take effect in order to enable customers to transfer their banking transactions elsewhere, should they choose to do so.
The bank will make sure that all information on general fees, rates and terms that is published on the bank's website is accessible through an open API (application programming interface) that third parties (individuals, enterprises or associations) can download and use to set up comparison websites that could reinforce consumer awareness of prices and consequently trigger more effective competition. The setting up of the API in this regard could also comprise certain business opportunities for companies considering entering the field of FinTech in Iceland.
Certain contractual rights according to the terms of older mortgage loans, that have significant tying effect in the opinion of the ICA, and which triggered an investigation by the ICA, will not be applied by the bank.
In addition to the aforementioned commitments, the newly enacted Act on Consumer Mortgages (No. 118/2016) stipulates that it is illegal to charge up‑front fees as a proportion of the mortgage amount, but that used to be the standard practice by mortgage lenders, including the banks. When the draft bill to this Act was under construction, the ICA proposed that this practice be banned, cf. the ICA's letter of opinion to the Economic and Commerce Committee, dated 7. January 2016. The parliament agreed with this proposal.
The settlements the ICA has reached with the big Icelandic banks also serve as a contribution to a policy framework pertaining to the banking industry that the government will need to build in view of the current ownership structure of the banks and in view of rapid developments (FinTech) in banking services internationally.
Our Mission. We lead and serve the Federal Government in enterprise human resources management by delivering policies and services to achieve a trusted effective civilian workforce.
The Budget Officer represents the agency in the budget development process as the agency’s request is reviewed by the Governor and General Assembly.
Housed within the CFO's office is the Office of Budget and Program Performance. Its primary functions are to review, analyze, and revise the annual budget requests that are developed within DOT's Operating Administrations before they are submitted to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and Congress. The Office of Budget and Program ...
Steven Terner Mnuchin was sworn in as the 77th Secretary of the Treasury on February 13, 2017. As Secretary, Mr. Mnuchin is responsible for the U.S. Treasury, whose mission is to maintain a strong economy, foster economic growth, and create job opportunities by promoting the conditions that enable prosperity at home and abroad.
Information about EPA's annual planning, budget development and performance results.Includes EPA Strategic Plan.
Welcome to opm.gov ... Performance Accountability Reports. The Performance and Accountability Reports found here provide detailed information on our audited financial statements and performance …
The SBO Network on Performance and Results assists member countries to design and implement performance-based and results-based budgeting and management reforms.
David Vizard's How to Build Max-Performance Chevy Small-Blocks on a Budget (Performance How-To) [David Vizard] on Amazon.com. *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. There's a common thread that connects high-performance enthusiasts; they want horsepower at the most affordable price. Hot rodders have always searched for ways to save money and ...
How to Build Max Performance Chevy Small Blocks on a Budget (S-A Design) [David Vizard] on Amazon.com. *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. Highly regarded engine builder and technical writer David Vizard turns his attention to the ins and outs of building serious horsepower small block Chevy engines on a budget. Included are details of ...
Weighing Aesthetics and Performance. Your site’s overall user experience is made up of so many different pieces: look and feel, accessibility, information architecture, usability, and more.
Sets out the rules that apply to all adult education budget (AEB) funded provision for the 2017 to 2018 funding year.
SMD type, lead-free, roll-reel packaging for automated assembly, used in high-density circuit boards, working current: 0 1-3 0A Operating Voltage :6-60V Working temperature: -40 ~ 85 ℃
SMD type, lead-free, roll-reel packaging for automated assembly, used in high-density circuit boards, working current: 0 3-3 0A Operating Voltage :6-60V, Working temperature: -40 ℃ -85 ℃
SMD type, lead-free, roll-reel packaging for automated assembly, used in high-density circuit boards, working current: 0 1-3 0A, working voltage :6-60V, Working temperature: -40 ℃ -85 ℃
SMD type, lead-free, roll-reel packaging for automated assembly, used in high-density circuit boards, working current: 0 05-1 10A Working voltage: 6 0-16 0V Operating Temperature: -40 ~ 85 ℃
WH6 series resettable fuse (WHPTC) products for lower operating voltage, operating current of the circuit is relatively small, such as computers, computer peripherals, the toy industry and other fields
WH16 series resettable fuse products for lower operating voltage, operating current larger circuit, can be widely used in power converters, motorcycles, cars, computer power supply, micro-motors, computer interface, CPU and other fields
WH30 series resettable fuse (WHPTC) products are widely used in medium-voltage resistance of the circuit, such as micro-motors, computer interface, mouse, CPU, transformers, security equipment, test and measurement equipment, satellite receiving systems
WH60 series resettable fuse (WHPTC) products are widely used in higher rated working voltage circuits, such as micro-motors, speakers, transformers, security equipment, industrial control, test and measurement equipment, satellite receiving systems, the t
WH130 series resettable fuse (WHPTC) is widely used in the circuit of rated voltage less than 130V, especially in Europe and the United States electrical line voltage of 110V 120V situation Such as: lamps, ballasts, transformers, motors and other fields
WH250 series resettable fuse (WHPTC) for program-controlled switches, patch panels designed and manufactured over protection device, but can also used in transformers, security equipment, lamps, ballasts, meters, telephone lines and other fields
WH600 series resettable fuse (WHPTC) for program-controlled switches, patch panels designed and manufactured over protection device, but can also used in transformers, security equipment, lamps, ballasts, meters, telephone lines and other fields
Ih：Hold current-maximum current at which the device will not trip at 25°CIt：Trip current-minimum current at w
The operating principle of WHOCP (WH Overcurrent Protection Device) is based on the dynamic equilibrium of energy,
as i understood u live in europe... if dats the case, buy it in bulk through ebay.com... but anyway if u want a brand name, go to ebay and search for isolate protein and u get plenty of brands......
if u want u can buy it through ebay, but i dunno if they deliver it to lebanon... last time i bought 20 kg of ISOLATE protein for about $400... the prices here in sydney are about 100% for 4 kg of...
first of all , 2/3 of the muscle is made of water and 1/3 of protein... YESSSSSS u need the protein shake 7 days a week even when u don't train.... coz ur muscles as i said earlier they grow while u...
1-it doesn't make sense... all what u said is true so the protein PLAY a role in increasin the muscle coz without protein and nutritions ur muscles won't grow...
i forgot to say , do not train more than 45 mins a day... 4 days a week are plenty for u...don't do like most of the idiots who stays hours and hours... and remember to train ur legs coz it helps...
if u r thinking to get results in two months following what that sales person told u, u r dreaming bro, it will take u yearsssss.... what u really need is dianabole 50, deca 200, testosterone 400,...
the election showed that michel aoun policy is wrong and failed in the christans areas and he has to change it... He called the lebanese sha3eb lebnen el 3azim , dey voted agaisnt him.... jomblat...
25 725 000 U$.... dats a good number.... but trust me it took the sanioura's gorvernment (14 shbat) less than 3 men to steal 45 billions dollars (now more than 50 billion)....
do u know what's funny?????how many people is der? 6....how many guns is der? 3... what a terrorist and dangerous camp...the idiot would know that these people weren't trainin but they were taking...
if u don't know what u talking about, plz don't just talk to talk because SCIENCE did prove that there is no spirit so plz don't get the people confused with ur lies....
how can u think that what u call god create us??????? if i wear a condom i won't have a baby, and if i take it off i will have one or maybe more....so who's taking the decision here me or ur god?????...
first of all people before christianity believed in many god not because they felt there is a power stronger than them but because they needed a power stronger than them....think about in a simple...
Well some guys are ashamed to say that they don't believe in god.... Well no one can proof god's existance, and there is a lot of proof that there is no spirit in our body, and der is no heaven or...
general rami, u remind me of a person celebrating filling up a broken jar with water....and after two minutes there is no water, then he fill it up again and celebrate again....let's fix this broken...
what we can celebrate now, is that the death of the lebanese soldiers will stop at the present time....before we have a new problem again in few years time....
i didn't say it is not victory.....i said it is the begining of a harder fight....the fight of seeing a real justice in lebanon so our martyres can rest in peace.....if dis doesn't happen, nah it...
kitchen cupboard doors glass inserts incredible cabinet replacement and decor with door cabinets idea 9 fronts.
Construction of buildings is quite sensitive given that there will be people carrying out business or living in them. The process entails a strong foundation, the outer part and the finishing on the inside. It is, therefore important that you choose the best builders in London for the job. Builders in such cities have different skills that cater to different needs as well as match the designs of the owner. The range of their services includes new constructions, renovations and extensions.
One way of finding a builder in London is by asking for recommendations from people who have used them before. This method will help save you much time and money that you would have wasted starting from scratch. In the absence of referees, you can use online search engines to direct you to the best builders who have their construction companies online. Looking in the yellow pages and review websites can help as well. You should also look for the ideal builder in offline and online classifieds.
Before hiring a particular builders in London, you should ask about their experience. Experienced builders are the best because they have gained experience on their skills over the years and the fact that they are still in business many years later means that they are good at what they do. The builder should also have a good reputation and you can check for this from the reviews they have been given by their clients. They should have the skills for the job at hand. If you want renovations, they should be able to carry out tasks such as paint rooms, changing roofs and so on. If you need property extension they should be able to make more rooms on the property and this should be in various parts of the house including the kitchen, living room, bedroom or garage. If you want a building built straight from a building plan they should be able to handle that as well.
"I've got this great marketing idea for a range of baskets! The good news is, you're gonna be rich. The bad news is, you have to get in the river..."
"I don't mean to sound bitter, cynical and cruel; but I am, so that's how it comes out." Bill Hicks.
English isn't much of a language for swearing. When I studied Ancient Greek I was delighted to discover a single word - Rhaphanidosthai - which translates roughly as "Be thou thrust up the fundament with a radish for adultery."
This area of the website is private and you don't have access to it. If you believe you need access to this area please contact the web site administrators.
...to WordPress. My webhosting service now provides automatic installation of the WordPress blog software, and (woo-hoo!) automatic upgrading as well, when new versions of WordPress come out. At lot of folks seem to having good luck with WordPress, so I'm going to give it a try.
So...move along with me to the new address of The View From The Foothills! (Don't forget to update your blogrolls and bookmarks!)
Oh, and I've copied all of the posts from here over to there. So there's really no reason to come here anymore.
What if spiders could fly, or at least, levitate? What would the ecosystem be like? Would society be any different?
What if they suddenly gained the ability to fly? The origin of their new flight ability? Not sure. Wings? Engines? Magic?
Warning: This user is currently questioning its beliefs. This user offers its sincerest apologies if it accidentally offends another user. This user never offends others on purpose and may accidentally offend other users because it lacks knowledge regarding how to be a normal human.
Some spiders already can fly, kind of, by sailing on the wind with their webs. If they were able to control their flight well enough to prey on other insects directly? There are already plenty of bugs that do that. We'd just have one more bug competing with dragonflies and the like. If spiders were better at it, the dragonfly population drops. If they're not, they go back to their niche making webs and eating bugs the old fashioned way.
As for our society, I reckon our opinions on spiders would be even more intense. Fear, admiration, and religious-experiences-when-you-see-a-spider-float-by-with-magic.
SDK wrote: Some spiders already can fly, kind of, by sailing on the wind with their webs. If they were able to control their flight well enough to prey on other insects directly? There are already plenty of bugs that do that. We'd just have one more bug competing with dragonflies and the like. If spiders were better at it, the dragonfly population drops. If they're not, they go back to their niche making webs and eating bugs the old fashioned way.
I think that spiders would be more terrifying, and could be more deadly. There are social spiders that cooperate with each other to bring down prey larger than themselves. Imagine flying social spiders dropping nets on people: Terrifying.
I feel there is something of a gulf between "spiders that fly" and "spiders large enough to eat humans who fly in flocks and spin freestanding nets in which to capture large mammalian prey", but perhaps I lack imagination.
So this is how the world ends. Not with a bang, but with hordes of giant, flying, homophagic spiders. With nets.
Copper Bezel wrote: I feel there is something of a gulf between "spiders that fly" and "spiders large enough to eat humans who fly in flocks and spin freestanding nets in which to capture large mammalian prey", but perhaps I lack imagination.
There are spiders that work together to make large webs to capture things much larger than themselves. I'm sure they would figure out something.
Many insects can spin silk, and many of those fly at some point in their life cycle, yet they frequently lose this ability after maturing. If it was truly advantageous to spin nets with which to capture prey, some bug would have done it.
The world WOULD end, if spiders could fly. Not because they could potentially band together and catch us in giant spiderweb nets. But because so many people are afraid of spiders. Just seeing one, even a tiny one, puts many people in panic mode.
Those people would be even more afraid of flying spiders. After all, now they could fly in an open window, or fly onto your face. Or they could, as mentioned, catch you in a giant net. All things that those people would be thinking.
This thinking will in turn cause the people in question to have massive panic attacks. People in all kinds of jobs, also important ones. Air traffic controllers, people in governments, car mechanics. As a result, society will break down because enough people won't be able to do their jobs, and there won't be enough left to do them.
And when society has broken down, that is when the spiders will attack us, spindle us into a giant web, and have a feast like never before.
Mathieu Bujnowskyj’s project responds to the way digital technologies are profoundly shaping modern society and the relationship we have to architecture. His proposal posits an interior architecture used to upgrade existing buildings. For Forecast, Bujnowskyj intends to design and build experimental furniture on a 1:1 scale, creating new domestic objects that interact with the infosphere by shielding electromagnetic waves or filtering information and thus allow conventional building typologies to be adapted to new uses.
Curator Renan Laru-an’s The Artist and the Social Dreamer started off as a study on exhibition-as-speech and speech-as-exhibition based on the image production and world-making of dictators, will respond to two architectural sites built during the Cold War period—the conference center that now houses the Haus der Kulturen der Welt in 1957 and the Philippine International Convention Center in 1976. › More about Renan Laru-an
By recontextualizing and reinterpreting compositional devices inherited from the musical avant-garde—now used as neural enhancers to aim at influencing brain states (to better sleep, concentrate, relax, etc.)—Stefan Maier looks at how contemporary subjects have redeployed the transformative potential of experimental listening strategies in compelling and sophisticated ways.
Flora Miranda’s proposal presents an application that collects data about a user’s online behavior to design a unique item of clothing specifically for him or her. In a second step, a garment is knitted. The user can view and modify the piece by changing keywords, time periods, or indeed by surfing the web in a new way and generating a new pattern of online behavior.
Tara Catherine Pandeya’s project is a one-woman multimedia show inspired by human emotions. Raqsistan, The Land of Dance: A Cartography of the Body is a fictional dance world of Pandeya’s own invention, choreographed using the traditions of ethno-contemporary Central Asian dance.
Liliana Piskorska’s video art piece Public Displays of Affection is deeply connected with public space and its physical and symbolic demarcations. It questions shifting forms of group and individual communication happening within public space.
14th actually (not including the 800 odd members who have left their location blank)... But then I'm a geek, so I would have to check.
I don't really have too much time... I just kinda have this forum fairly high on my priority list, as I do actually enjoy it. Besides.... it only took 2 minutes. In fact I spend more time checking out the forum than I do playing with my projects... But thats because I can't afford all the nice bit's that would finish off my projects, and I don't have a workshop at home that I could use to finish them... But thats another story....
Next week, stay tuned for the story of how Syridian's quest for a home workshop is going on Geektunes, the LCDinfo weekly forum serial.
Eamon McGrath has been releasing his album Exile in EP-sized instalments, and now he's finally announced the final piece of the puzzle, along with a big international tour.
Exile Part Three will be out on September 9 through Aporia Records. A press release identifies "Enterprise" as reminiscent of Bruce Springsteen's Nebraska, "Exile" as being "chorus-heavy," and "History of Canadian Music" as being a "cold and murky stomper."
As Exile Part Three is the last EP in the series, its release will also mark the arrival of the full album. It will be available in physical mediums (including vinyl) on the same day. Scroll down to the bottom of this page to watch a scratchy, graffiti-chic video for the cinematically ragged rocker "Exile." The animation was made by the songwriter himself.
As for McGrath's tour, it includes a few Canadian dates in September followed by a huge string of European dates. See the schedule below.
Eamon McGrath returns with his latest LP Tantramar later this year, and he's just unveiled another preview of the upcoming album. Following...
Eamon McGrath took things in a more literary direction last year, releasing the fictionalized memoir Berlin-Warszawa Express, but he's about...
Suffering for ones art is a well-trodden trope. Yet punk rock troubadour Eamon McGrath manages to breath new life into the subject, as well...
Eamon McGrath's music has taken him around the world and back home to Canada many times, and those experiences have been channelled into the...
Between releasing his debut album in January, embarking on a European tour and playing a handful of reunion dates with Texas Is the Reason,...
Ontario dream pop duo Memoryhouse release their latest album Soft Hate today (February 12), and you can hear it in its entirety right now.
Previously shared singles like "Arizona," "Dream Shake" and "Sarah" swirl together in the two-pieces signature synth-pop haze, offering up a soundtrack that is sure to add some sparkle to any mid-winter dreariness.
The record is available now in a variety of formats, some of which even include a limited edition gold cassette and special photo booklet. Check out full purchase details here — after you've given Soft Hate a spin in the player below.
Memoryhouse recently returned with a new record by the name of Soft Hate, and now they've given another album cut the visual treatment. ...
Ontario dream-pop duo Memoryhouse treated listeners to the album version of "Sarah" before the arrival of Soft Hate earlier this year. Now,...
After an almost four-year hiatus, Guelph dream pop duo Memoryhouse have returned with their sophomore album, Soft Hate. In 2011, the duo cre...
Ontario dream-pop duo Memoryhouse are revving up for the release of their latest LP Soft Hate, and they've teased the upcoming album with an...
Ontario outfit Memoryhouse are gearing up to release their latest album Soft Hate next month. Before it officially arrives, though, they've...
Remember Mercury Rev? The psych pop band that gave us three great albums in the '90s: Boces, See You On the Other Side and Deserter's Songs? Well they're back after more than three years with not one, but two new albums set for release in September.
After two disappointing albums, 2001's All Is Dream and 2005's The Secret Migration (which I still argue didn't get a proper release here in Canada), as well as a V2-compiled greatest hits (The Essential Mercury Rev: Stillness Breathes 1991-2006), the New York trio will release Snowflake Midnight and its MP3-only companion Strange Attractor via Yep Roc here in North America (V2 will take care of business elsewhere).
On September 29, 2008, MERCURY REV will release their seventh studio album, SNOWFLAKE MIDNIGHT, a set of nine self-luminous and astonishing new songs. Zooming in at any part of SNOWFLAKE MIDNIGHT, at nearly any conceivable magnification, always reveals the forces of symmetry and chaos at play, shimmering, vibrating close-ups and vistas of Life driving itself onward, bursting with patterns and mandala-like forms pushed to the brink of incredible pressures then lost in an instant... blown apart by their own majestic desire to share themselves, spirals of new momentum inter-twingling with the vastness of limitless new creation... The entire album sequence appears to be a resplendent fractal, folding in upon itself, into something continually new, unpredictable and spontaneous, and yet, paradoxically at times so subtly self-aware, never failing to resemble itself in the whole...
Also on September 29, MERCURY REV will release STRANGE ATTRACTOR, the 11 song, full-length companion album to SNOWFLAKE MIDNIGHT absolutely FREE for MP3 download. While still conscious of its 'other', STRANGE ATTRACTOR'S own radiance reflects an even subtler kind of self-organization, its own ground state of order not immediately perceived but rather felt over the course of a complete listen. The less said and the more listened, the better...This album is totally friggin' FREE to download for anyone who chooses to do so.
Are you ready for some Mercury Rev? If so, you're in luck, because the psych-pop band have just given their song "Are You Ready?" a video....
Mercury Rev have unveiled another single from their forthcoming album The Light in You, which poses the question "Are You Ready?" Given...
Long-running experimental psych-pop unit Mercury Rev haven't released a new album since 2008's Snowflake Midnight, but that will change this...
These days, its gotten mighty tough to hold your head high as a Mercury Rev fan. Since the bands last great album, 1998s Deserters Songs...
As Mercury Rev get set to drop their new electronically charged full-length Snowflake Midnight on September 30, the trio are doing what most...
'I do not believe the presence of moisture in the air is sufficient reason to overturn society's usual sensible taboo against wielding spiked clubs at eye level.'
fucking moving pics interracial dating sites that work casual sex website meet girl for one night stand spy cam masterbation videos why do older men date younger women sex positions ebony huge boobs melon hollywood top sex movie mature sex dating uk girls experiment with lesbian sex women who have casual sex find partner for threesome dating sites for lgbt youth casual gay teen sex best free online dating apps how to meet eastern european women interracial dating yahoo answers pics of female pornstars bondage channel tinto brass sex film cousin gay sex website to find cougars solo tranny video 30 plus dating very big ass sexy meet asian girls online indian interracial dating
lesbian dating phone numbers lesbian massage porn videos can you have sex while you have a uti drunk milf slut where to meet bbw most popular sex story in hindi chat rooms for singles in my area want to date a tranny dating black woman watch bbw for free online lesbian dating uk milf porn collection best dating websites london gay casual dating
meet bang can you have protected sex while your on your period busty dating forced unwanted anal how to finger a girl to climax saran hot sex scenes mature nude wemon google play dating apps prague sex museum photos free backshot porn black girls dating sites bisexual girl dating app best app for casual sex very hot sex ever
gay teen video blog fat people dating website lesbian sex meet eye contact pov dating girl sex is it possible to cum from anal shemale dating kl best hardcore clips irrational dating big booty riding cock top adult dating sites anal milk squirting best online dating sites for black people hot sex homemade no strings attached contacts free hookup personals free dating site in australia and usa teens pussy squirt white cock pics what qualifies as a big penis latinas free porno apps for singles in your area xxx live sex video hot hairy men sex is there a teenage dating website dating a thick girl adult dating software interracial marriage dating
meet bi curious men young dating apps sexy pretty girls tumblr white girl big ass naked want you dating tranny being raped local granny dating what is the best male masturbator gay teen dating tips japanese girls topless free mobile adult dating sites www teen nude photos com guys masterbating live tranny girl fuck little pussy with big dick group sex brisbane apps to meet guys dirty mature fuck teen dating under 18 white male interracial dating girl nude walk white women interracial dating sex videos porno looking for casual relationship fantasy sex doll why do want to have sex with my teacher chinese men dating black women teenage dating apps for iphone
free dating uk review bisexual male male female bbw sex dating site hot teen cumshot women sex 3gp husband fucking teen russian 18 sex amateur group swingers different ways for lesbians to have sex latina girls dating best site to meet one night stands hot first date sex free online dating apps meet lesbians online
how many calories do you burn during orgasm www mobile porn co masturbation on pornhub older women dating older men sexy women naked body pics of naked thick women anal sxxx amateur pov hd meet up dating anal masturbation solo masturbation family latina women dating white men indianapolis nuru massage sexy free adult dating casual sex meet local horny women meet latina women lesbian dating personals elite cougar dating bbw escort pics horny hardcore sex pics meet gay near you black dating memes shemale facesitting pictures meet and fuck sister forced sex with mom porn british indian dating sites online dating germany european interracial dating
4. sexbook dating girl and girl sex scene cuckold personals girls naked in facebook best free bbw dating site biggest dating apps big guy dating app online chat room for singles local sex dating rated teen games great dating apps just for fun dating new sex story malayalam interracial dating san francisco post op shemale movies gay dating in your 30s fucking videos of college girls porn tube updated daily bbw dateing videos of moms having sex with son interracial bbw dating black internet dating sites free best dating sites for interracial dating mature neighbor sex video hot models having lesbian sex how to masturdate gayboy dating black man have sex
5. mature women dating best gay online dating apps tranny fucks my husband hot young teens pic bbw streams old dating site 100 free interracial dating personals women who love sex too much dating sim sex game publicmasturbation manhunt meet the best thing to jack off to free toon porn sites most paid pornstar watch sex on phone cock wet pussy meet and hook up is masturbation bad websites like meetme caught masturbating xhamster just perfect breasts youth dating sites perfect boobs girl girls in high heels videos gay porn date shemale dating site free titfuck til cum asian milf dating
Mobile Eye-Tracking during University of Rochester's Earth and Environmental Science Department's Courses:
“Understanding how the earth works starts with an appreciation of geological processes in action. To observe these dynamic processes such as earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, and mountain formation, earth scientists must travel to areas of geological youth, such as California. In this course, students are introduced to active geology through readings and discussion sections in preparation for a field excursion to California. Students will learn to examine critically ideas on how Earth science systems work and how active processes affect society.” -- From the University of Rochester's course descriptions.
In coordination with the course(s) taught by Professor Dr. John A. Tarduno (of the University of Rochester), students participate in a 10-day field trip across California. We have taken the opportunity to go along on this field experience and invited expert geologists, who have not been to these sites before. Together, the experts and (novice) students participate in visual search tasks at around 20 different sites throughout California, pertaining to landscapes formed through plate tectonics, volcanic activity, and glacial activity. With minimal guidance the observers are all asked to view a particular landscape from an expertly chosen vantage point and attempt to understand and note what signifiers there are that a certain geological process has occurred during the formation of this region. This is our essential experimental setup, and to attempt to discern the way the novices and experts are different, to record how novices learn over the 10 days, and to elucidate what makes an expert an expert, we use mobile eye-tracking technology (particularly models designed by Positive Science, LLC.) to continuously record each observer's (subject's) eye movements during each visual search task.
The mobile eye-tracker is designed to be lightweight, unobtrusive, and perform indoors, outdoors, and with variable lighting conditions. There is an infrared LED and an infrared-pass filter on the eye-facing camera. In this way, the eye camera can record the movements of the eye in the entire range of lighting conditions from sunlight to total darkness, and being an infrared (IR) LED its radiation is not visible (and thus, not distracting) for human observers. The scene-facing camera is of the same design, but with no filter, and so it records (through the Bayer filter and de-mosaicking) directly into tri-chromatic, visible-spectrum color; with both cameras running at 60 frames-per-second, interlaced.
After we return from the field experience, we have terabytes of recorded audio, video, high-resolution scene imagery, and GPS data. This requires a considerable amount of work dedicated to organizing, storing, correlating, managing, processing, and then analyzing all that data. The first step of this process is to use the correspondence and mapping software (from Positive Science, LLC.) to find then relate a subject's pupil position to a point in the scene video (the Point-of-Regard [POR]). With the combination of head-movement calculations from the scene camera, and eye-tracker movements stabilized through corneal reflections of the IR LED, we can use this POR location as our estimate of the subject's gaze into the natural world as imaged by the scene-facing camera.
We are in the unique position, through the Multidisciplinary Vision Research Laboratory (MVRL) in the Chester F. Carlson Center for Imaging Science (CIS) at RIT, of being able to simultaneously record up to 13 subjects in the field. In this way we are able to capture each individual subject's eye-movements during the same visual search task, and based on real-world events that all subjects view, we can also synchronize these recordings to absolute time as tethered to a commonly viewed event (like a professor raising their hand). With individual recordings per subject we are presented the opportunity to make unique analyses per person, but we are also facing the complex task of mapping data into a common domain for analysis.
As part of our focus on education in the geosciences, we also sought to capture very high-resolution panoramic image sets at each site of the geologically significant scenes and landscapes. This imagery is being organized and modified to work together with custom software for our own presentation of virtual field-like experiences. One method of exploring the use of the imagery is through our semi-immersive experiments. The imagery is captured in a 12 megapixel camera that rotates through a full sphere to capture overlapping views at chosen angles. Together, the imagery can be aligned, stitched, and blended to create rectilinear panoramic photos (as shown above, based on an equirectangular projection) or the image set (typically 150-200 images) can be processed individually. Using the imagery as a set or panorama, we can perform or derive mappings of each subjects' POR values from their scene videos onto the full-scene imagery. This creates a common domain for all subjects, and using the same imagery (or deriving mappings between them) we can also present subjects from different years into the same domain. This allows for cross-subject, cross-year analyses and pattern recognition as we aim to discern the pedagogical and information-processing characteristics of novices and experts in geosciences.
We are in the process of developing analyses for the data captured during these experiments. Please check back later for example results and links to any publications.
Where do I find? Changed Outlook version and can now no longer find your favorite feature? Feel like test driving Outlook 2010? Or have you heard of a feature but don't know where to find it in Outlook?
UNIFIED COMMUNICATIONS POST-MIGRATION INSTRUCTIONS (PURPOSE): The purpose of this document is to prepare the email user for post email migration activities to ensure a successful email migration with no
Email Management Best Practices I. Introduction: The School Board Network Infrastructure that we use daily is a huge investment involving workstations, servers, storage, software and backup equipment.
CommuniGate Mail Archiving and Cleanup with Outlook 2007 Some users are hitting quota limits in CommuniGate e-mail accounts. In other words, there are too many e-mails in their account folders on the server.
How to use webmail. This tutorial is our how-to guide for using Webmail. It does not cover every aspect of Webmail; What browsers can I use to view my mail? Webmail supports the following browsers: Microsoft
Email messages stored on the County mail server are purged every 14 days. If your job requires that you save email, local folders can be created within Outlook. Messages can then be copied or moved from
Zimbra Connector for Microsoft Outlook User Guide 7.1 March 2011 Legal Notices Copyright 2005-2011 VMware, Inc. All rights reserved. This product is protected by U.S. and international copyright and intellectual
Archiving and Managing Your Mailbox We Need You to Do Your Part We ask everyone to participate in routinely cleaning out their mailbox. Large mailboxes with thousands of messages impact backups and may
MICROSOFT EXCHANGE OUTLOOK WEB ACCESS (OWA) TO OUTLOOK WEB APPS (OWA) In Exchange 2010, the name of OWA has changed from "Outlook Web Access" to "Outlook Web Apps". New access method of all in one inbox
Creating an Email Archive in Outlook Setting up AutoArchive Auto Archiving is the suggested method for archiving mail in Outlook. Mailbox items are AutoArchived on last modification date, not the date
Personal Folders Backup The Personal Folders Backup tool is designed for use in Outlook 2000 and later and the operating systems that support each respective Outlook version. The tool provides a quick
Division of Information Technology Lehman College CUNY Using Lehman s Secure Outgoing (SMTP) Server Updated April 16, 2013 Are you able to receive your Lehman email on your smart phone, laptop or tablet
Outlook Archiving and Storage This document provides information related to storing and archiving e-mail in Outlook, including Outlook s auto archive feature, techniques for avoiding reaching your mailbox
Zimbra Connector for Microsoft Outlook User Guide ZCO 7.2 April 2012 Legal Notices Copyright 2005-2012 VMware, Inc. All rights reserved. This product is protected by U.S. and international copyright and
Hosted Exchange 101 Introduction The purpose of this guide is to introduce people to the advantages and benefits of hosted Microsoft Exchange as both a business and a personal email service. This guide
MelbourneOnline Hosted Exchange Setup Your email on our Hosted Exchange servers can be accessed by multiple devices including PC, Mac, iphone, IPad, Android, Windows Phone and of course webmail. It s all
CPA.com Full Email Account Getting Started Guide Note: You do not need to read this guide if you signed up for the CPA.com Forward-Only Service. Congratulations on the purchase of your new CPA.com Full
GroupWise to Exchange Migration Exchange 2010 When is this Happening? The weekend of November 2 nd - 4 th all KUMC entities will be switching to Microsoft Exchange as our new collaboration & communication
Outlook Hosted Exchange Account Configuration Thank you for choosing Erado for your Exchange hosting needs. This document is designed to assist you in exporting your existing exchange or email account
AutoArchive settings explained Your Microsoft Office Outlook mailbox grows as you create and receive items (item: An item is the basic element that holds information in Outlook (similar to a file in other
Outlook basics Outlook is a powerful tool for managing your e-mail, contacts, calendars, and tasks. To use it most effectively, you first have to understand the basics. This tutorial introduces some of
Outlook Data File navigate to the PST file that you want to open, select it and choose OK. The file will now appear as a folder in Outlook.
Migrate Archived Outlook Items Outlook includes archiving functionality that is used to free up space on the mail server by moving older items from the mail server to PST files stored on your computer
How to Archive Email in Outlook 2010 If you are using Outlook 2010 as your email client for a considerable period of time, you will notice that your PST file that stores your calendar entries, email messages,
HOW HOSTED EXCHANGE COMPARES WITH GOOGLE APPS We know that choosing a cloud service provider is an important decision. Understanding the facts about your provider is essential to setting expectations on
What s New with Enterprise Vault 11? 1 Disclaimer Any information regarding pre-release Symantec offerings, future updates or other planned modifications is subject to ongoing evaluation by Symantec and
Zimbra Connector for Microsoft Outlook User Guide Network Edition 7.0 February 2011 Legal Notices Copyright 2005-2011 VMware, Inc. All rights reserved. This product is protected by U.S. and international
Pimbox Zarafa migration manual Migration to Pimbox Zarafa Zarafa is a workgroup sharing solution based on the look-and-feel of Microsoft Outlook, which enables the sharing of mail and appointments from
AUTO ARCHIVING December, 6 th 2005 What is Auto Archiving? Archiving allows the user to keep their emails but not count them towards the set quota. By keeping emails archived, the quota will never be met
Archiving your mail with Outlook 2003 Introduction and Purpose According to the OIT policy and procedure manual, it is the responsibility of the client/user to maintain the size of their own mail file
Setting Up Microsoft Outlook 2007 with GroupWise This page is one of several you might come across on our website discussing how to setup Outlook with GroupWise. We provide several sets of instructions
Your OUTLOOK configuration may not include all of the following files. Some files are created only when you customize Outlook features.
Page 1 of 9 Outlook 2003 - Backing Up mail files The following is a list of data store and configuration files used by Microsoft Outlook 2003 Some of the folders might be hidden folders. To view hidden
Rutgers Biomedical and Health Sciences (RBHS) has implemented security controls to be applied to all mobile devices (Smart Phones and tablets) that contain RBHS (NJMS) email. These controls have been established
1 All Rights Reserved Index No No. of Pages - 09 No of Questions - 07 SCHOOL OF ACCOUNTING AND BUSINESS BSc. (APPLIED ACCOUNTING) GENERAL / SPECIAL DEGREE PROGRAMME END SEMESTER EXAMINATION OCTOBER 2015 ICT Management of Information Technology Date : 10th October 2015 Time : 9.00 a.m p.m. Duration : Three (03) Hours Instructions to Candidates: Write the Index Number in the space provided at the top of this sheet. Do not write your name anywhere in this answer script. Answer the questions in this paper itself. This paper consists of three sections (A,B and C) Section A : Answer ALL questions Section B : Answer ALL questions Section C : Answer any ONE of the two questions The total marks for the paper is 100. The marks for each question are shown in brackets. Answers should be written neatly and legibly.
2 Section A Select the most appropriate answer. 1. Which of the following information system types supports tactical managers of a business organisation? a. Transaction Processing Systems b. E commerce systems c. Decision support systems d. Database management systems 2. Which of the following technologies resembles features of utility computing? a. Internet of things b. Cloud computing c. End-user computing d. Bring your own device 3. Which of the following is not a form of electronic commerce a. Crowd funding b. E-banking c. Online auctions d. Crowd simulation 4. Which of the following statements is/are correct about information systems? A- Expert systems and machine learning are two common artificial intelligence techniques used in business information systems B- Electronic business (e business) represents a sub-class of electronic commerce (e commerce) C- Strategic information systems support strategic level decision making a. A only b. B only c. A and B only d. A and C only 1
3 5. Which of the following statements is correct about Rapid Prototyping methodology in information systems development? a. It involves an iterative information systems development process b. It eliminates the need for systems analysis c. It is mostly used by end-users for developing their own applications d. It does not have any significant disadvantages 6. Which of the following is correct about business intelligence systems a. They intend to support strategic and tactical level decision making in organisations b. Ignoring data quality is a common flaw that leads to business intelligence system failures c. Microsoft Excel dominates the business intelligence market worldwide d. They must always ensure providing a single version of truth about the organization 7. Which of the following statements is/are correct about data warehouses A- Online Analytical Processing (OLAP) is a key technology used to analyse data in data warehouses B- They are central repositories of integrated data from one or more data sources C- They contain only the structured data stemming from business transactions a. A only b. A and B only c. A and C only d. All A, B and C 8. Which of the following techniques could be used to solve an OR model, which is formulated using a linear objective function and a set of linear constraints? a. Linear programming b. Integer programming c. Integer linear programming d. Both linear and integer programming 2
4 9. In information system security, phishing means a. An attack involving a rapidly replicating worm b. Using a computer program which pretends itself as useful or interesting in order to persuade a victim to install it c. Using a malicious software to infect a computer and asking for a ransom from the user to clean up d. Attempting to acquire sensitive information from users by pretending as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication 10. What does Moore s law state? a. Computational power doubles every one and half years b. Cost of computational resources doubles every one and half years c. Both cost and computational power doubles every one and half years d. Silicon chips may soon be unable to double the current computational power (Total 20 marks) 3
5 Section B Answer ALL four (04) questions Question No. 01 a. Define the term corporate strategy b. Explain the relationship between IT strategy and the corporate strategy? c. The IT strategy of a firm basically should focus on the required information technologies and infrastructure to achieve its goals and objectives. Do you agree with this statement? Justify your answer. 4
6 (15 marks) Question No. 02 a. Name three main IT costs that reduces productivity. b. Discuss three reasons due to which justification of IT investments is necessary. 5
7 c. Explain why the justification of return on investment (ROI) of IT projects is difficult d. Explain why chargebacks are used by IS departments in business organisations (15 marks) Question No. 03 a. Define an information system b. Giving suitable examples, explain the difference between information and knowledge. 6
8 c. Explain why an IT plan is necessary for an organization. d. Describe the process of system analysis in information system development (15 marks) Question No. 04 a. What are the advantages of using spreadsheet applications for financial modeling? 7
9 b. Explain the uses of solver and goal seeking in Microsoft Excel. c. A company that operates 10 hours a day manufactures two products on three sequential processes. The following table summarizes the data of the problem. Formulate a linear programming model to determine the optimal mix of the two products. (Note: Solving the model is not necessary) (15 marks) (Total 60 marks) 8
10 Section C Answer any ONE of the two questions Question No. 01 a. What are the three main characteristics of big data? b. What are the available opportunities for business organizations with cloud computing? c. Explain in what ways business analytics can help organizations to be competitive and sustainable d. Crowd funding could be an emerging threat for traditional financial institutions. Do you agree with this statement? Justify your answer. (Total 20 marks) Question No. 02 a. Name three sources of IT risk b. Explain three cyber crimes that could affect an electronic business. c. Describe the term social engineering and explain how it could be used to perform cyber crimes. d. Discuss three impacts of social networks to business organisations? (Total 20 marks) 9
Information Security in the undergraduate curriculum Chris Mitchell Royal Holloway, University of London www.isg.rhul.ac.uk/~cjm 1 Background I Some years ago, computer hacking was mainly done for fun.
Integrated Municipal Asset Management tool (IMAM) Integrated Municipal Asset Management tool that makes it easy for decision makers to use and implement the developed Models. This tool is developed using
Impact of Cybersecurity Innovations in Key Sectors (Technical Insights) Customized cybersecurity measures help overcome Industry specific challenges September 2014 Table of Contents Section Slide Number
How Shared Security Intelligence Can Better Stop Targeted Attacks SESSION ID: SPO3-T07 Piero DePaoli Senior Director Global Product Marketing Symantec Corporation Targeted Attacks are an Increasing Issue
Whitepaper The Cyber Threat Profiler Good Intelligence is essential to efficient system protection INTRODUCTION As the world becomes more dependent on cyber connectivity, the volume of cyber attacks are
Contents Module 1 Introduction to MIS Define management information systems and explain its key attributes Describe information as an asset and explain its core attributes Explain how information technology
IQware's Approach to Software and IT security Issues The Need for Security Security is essential in business intelligence (BI) systems since they have access to critical and proprietary enterprise information.
Typical programme structures for MSc programmes in the School of Computing Science 1 If you have a good degree in a subject other than computing: MSc Information Technology MSc Software Development 2 MSc
Module 5: Analytical Writing Aims of this module: To identify the nature and features of analytical writing To discover the differences between descriptive and analytical writing To explain how to develop
Network Based Protection Against Email-Borne Threats Fighting Spam, Phishing and Malware Spam, phishing and email-borne malware such as viruses and worms are most often released in large quantities in
SECURE YOUR BUSINESS WHEREVER IT TAKES YOU Protection Service for Business IT S A MOBILE WORLD Wifi Today, we use more devices over more connections than ever before. Choosing when, where and how to work
INTRODUCTION - Information Systems & Technology (Compulsory) This is one of the 4 courses designed for Semester 1 of Bachelor of Information Technology (BIT) Degree program. Information Systems and Technology
Microsoft s cybersecurity commitment Published January 2015 At Microsoft, we take the security and privacy of our customers data seriously. This focus has been core to our culture for more than a decade
ICTTEN810 Investigate the application of cloud networks in telecommunications switching Release: 1 ICTTEN810 Investigate the application of cloud networks in telecommunications switching Modification History
SeCure your Network Recurrent Patterns Detection Technology White Paper January, 2007 Powered by RPD Technology Network Based Protection against Email-Borne Threats Spam, Phishing and email-borne Malware
DATA SHEET Technical Testing Network Testing The Dell SecureWorks Technical Testing services deliver the independent expertise, experience and perspective you need to enhance your security posture, reduce
Cyber Security Awareness Internet Safety Intro www.staysafeonline.org 1 What is Cyber Security? Cyber Security is the body of technologies, processes and practices designed to protect from attack, damage
INTRODUCTION - Information Systems & Technology This is one of the 4 courses designed for Semester 1 of Bachelor of Information Technology (BIT) Degree program. Information Systems and Technology course
Seminar on Unfair Competition Enforcement in the United States and Supply Chain Cybersecurity Issues. Palace Hotel Saigon, HCMC, November 19 th 2014
Seminar on Unfair Competition Enforcement in the United States and Supply Chain Cybersecurity Issues Palace Hotel Saigon, HCMC, November 19 th 2014 Cyber Security and Supply Chain Integrity as Risk Factors
Overview This standard covers the competencies concerning with managing security testing activities. Including managing resources activities and deliverables. This includes planning, conducting and reporting
Using an Agile Methodology for business success Bryte Systems making data work Bryte Systems specialises is providing innovative and cutting-edge data integration and data access solutions and products
Master of Science in Healthcare Informatics and Analytics Program Overview The program is a 60 credit, 100 week course of study that is designed to graduate students who: Understand and can apply the appropriate
Influence Factors of Business Intelligence in the Context of ERP Projects Ana R. Lupu, Razvan Bologa, Gheorghe Sabau, Mihaela Muntean Abstract Business Intelligence projects are very dynamic and during
This unit introduces the Systems Development Life Cycle and the roles involved in ICT system development.
Software Life Cycle Processes Objective: Establish a work plan to coordinate effectively a set of tasks. Improves software quality. Allows us to manage projects more easily. Status of projects is more
Trust the Innovator to Simplify Cloud Security Contents MailGuard Pty Ltd Page 1 of 7 2 Let s get real for a moment. Your antivirus software isn t stopping fastbreak phishing and other spam attacks like
Addressing Cyber Risk Building robust cyber governance Mike Maddison Partner Head of Cyber Risk Services The future of security The business environment is changing The IT environment is changing The cyber
Software Engineer Student Adallom Adallom (Acquired by Microsoft) is developing the next generation of security tools, when your data is outside your network, and firewalls and perimeters don t work. Our
IBM Security Security Intelligence Security for a New Era of Computing Erno Doorenspleet Consulting Security Executive 1 PARADIGM SHIFT in crime Sophistication is INCREASING Attacks are More Targeted Attackers
Next generation business intelligence Seven steps to improved business intelligence data discovery ABOUT THIS PAPER Traditional business intelligence (BI) approaches have fallen short in delivering the
Defending Against Today s Targeted Phishing Attacks DeFending Against today s targeted phishing attacks 2 Introduction Is this email a phish or is it legitimate? That s the question that employees and
cdoulig at unipi dot gr Department of Informatics University of Piraeus Safety & Security in Cyber Space: Building up Trust in the EU Athens, 6-7 March 2014 Cybersecurity: where do we stand? Major Trends
Denial of service attacks: what you need to know Contents Introduction... 2 What is DOS and how does it work?... 2 DDOS... 4 Why are they used?... 5 Take action... 6 Firewalls, antivirus and updates...
THE BCS PROFESSIONAL EXAMINATION Professional Graduate Diploma September 2014 EXAMINERS REPORT MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS General comments on candidates' performance There were many candidates that
Partner with Our Business Intelligence Group: Experience business advantage from information.» Helping Organizations Envision and Build Dashboarding, Reporting and Warehouse Solutions. The world is a global
Topic 1 Lesson 1: Importance of network security 1 Initial list of questions Why is network security so important? Why are today s networks so vulnerable? How does Melissa virus work? How does I love you
Technical Brief Qlik Sense Enabling the New Enterprise Generations of Business Intelligence The evolution of the BI market can be described as a series of disruptions. Each change occurred when a technology
Master of Science in Cyber Security and Management Introduction Realizing the importance of protecting her critical national information infrastructure, Malaysia has introduced the National Cyber Security
Copyright is owned by the Author of the thesis. Permission is given for a copy to be downloaded by an individual for the purpose of research and
Copyright is owned by the Author of the thesis. Permission is given for a copy to be downloaded by an individual for the purpose of research and private study only. The thesis may not be reproduced elsewhere
CASSIDIAN CYBERSECURITY ADVANCED PERSISTENT THREAT (APT) SERVICE In a world where cyber threats are emerging daily, often from unknown sources, information security is something no organisation can afford
Global Security Services A global infrastructure to safeguard your business_ Global Solutions More than just peace of mind: increase confidence and reduce risk across your entire organisation_ How do you
Certificate in Cyber Security Offered as a partnership between Cape Peninsula University of Technology (CPUT), French South African Institute of Technology (F SATI), CS Interactive Training and Boshoff
Chapter 5: Discussion & Conclusion 5.1 INTRODUCTION The outcome of this research is analyzed to check if it meets the objectives outlined in chapter one. In chapter one, for each objective, a set of research
Business Intelligence for Everyone Business Intelligence for Everyone Introducing timextender The relevance of a good Business Intelligence (BI) solution has become obvious to most companies. Using information
ARTICLE 1: PURPOSE SPECIAL CONDITIONS FOR ADDITIONAL IP ADDRESSES Latest version dated 29/11/2012 These special conditions supplement the general conditions of service. They aim to define the conditions
Network Security and the Small Business Why network security is important for a small business Many small businesses think that they are less likely targets for security attacks as compared to large enterprises,
133 Data Warehousing and Data Mining in Business Applications Eesha Goel CSE Deptt. GZS-PTU Campus, Bathinda. Abstract Information technology is now required in all aspect of our lives that helps in business
LC Paper No. CB(1)2407/10-11(05) For Information on 13 June 2011 Legislative Council Panel on Information Technology and Broadcasting Information Security Purpose This paper informs Members about the progress
Systems Analysis and Design (Compulsory) BIT 1 st YEAR SEMESTER 2 INTRODUCTION This is one of the 4 courses designed for Semester 1 of Bachelor of Information Technology Degree program. CREDITS: 04 LEARNING
Understanding Computer Viruses: What They Can Do, Why People Write Them and How to Defend Against Them
Lab Exercises Understanding Computer Viruses: What They Can Do, Why People Write Them and How to Defend Against Them Review Questions 1) In class, we made the distinction between a front-door attack and
DATA SHEET Security Awareness Training Solutions A guide to available Dell SecureWorks services At Dell SecureWorks, we strive to be a trusted security advisor to our clients. Part of building this trust
1 PART 6 - Central Office Services Original Sheet 1 ESS-ACD SERVICE A. General 1. ESS-ACD Service provides a completely automatic call distribution system utilizing the stored program control of a No. 1 ESS Central Office to concentrate, queue and distribute large volumes of incoming calls to agents on the customer's premises. The service will be provided independently of whatever other service a customer may subscribe to. It provides a method of holding incoming calls in order of arrival ("queuing") and evenly distributing those calls on a first-in, first-out basis to available lines in a multi-line hunt (MLH) group. 2. ESS-ACD Service is offered only where the customer's location can be served by No. 1 ESS Central Office switching equipment and is subject to the availability of the Central Office equipment with the appropriate Generic Program to provide the service. When the No. 1 ESS switching equipment is not located in the customer's serving Central Office, the provision of service is dependent also on the facilities required to extend the service to the customer's premises and on the equipment operating limits. 3. The Central Office Portion of the service is located in a Company Central Office; the Customer Premises Portion of the service is located on the customer's premises. 4. The customer is responsible for all the expense of operating the Customer Premises equipment. 5. Standard Central Office power equipment and ringing current are furnished without additional charges. When required on the customer's premises, suitable commercial power must be furnished by the customer. 6. Suspension of Service, either partial or complete, is not offered on this system. 7. One directory listing is provided for each ESS-ACD Service without additional charge intercom. 8. Direct Inward Dialing (DID) to agent or supervisor position is not offered on this system. Material originally appeared in INFORMATION LINK No. 2, Original Sheet 62
2 PART 6 - Central Office Services Original Sheet 2 B. Service Features 1. Type A Service Type A Service is equipped with one split per system. Central office lines associated with queueing may terminate in keyless or multline key type instruments for agent or supervisor use. The maximum number of calls that will be queued is equal to the number of queue slots, fixed in Generic 6 offices, at one per two lines in the group. "Queue size" and "queue length" must be set equal so that first-in, first-out call distribution is assured. When these slots are all busy holding calls, additional incoming calls will be returned a busy tone. This service is available only in No. 1 ESS central offices with the Generic 6 program or higher. Basic Features Call Transfer, Consultation Hold and Add-on Conference Dial Intercommunication (four digit) between agent and supervisor positions Direct Outward Dialing (when required by the customer) Uniform Call Distribution with Queueing Optional Features Calls Waiting Indication Customer Traffic Record Feature Delay Announcements Facility Assurance Reports Make Busy Arrangements Night Transfer Service Priority Queueing* * Available only in No. 1 ESS central offices with Generic 8 program. Material originally appeared in INFORMATION LINK No. 2, Original Sheet 63
3 PART 6 - Central Office Services Original Sheet 3 C. Description Of Features Add-On Conference and Consultation Hold - allows an agent to establish a three-party conversation. The agent also has the option of keeping one of the two parties on hold whi1e having a private conversation with the other. Call Transfer - allows incoming calls to an Agent position to be transferred to another position, or outside of the ESS-ACD System, e.g. another ACD System, a PBX System including Centrex System, or an instrument. Calls Waiting Indication - is a visual indication of the length of time a call in sequence is experiencing. Up to three timing indications are available per split. The timing thresholds are as specifted by the customer in increments of six seconds from 6 to 42 seconds. Customer Traffic Record Feature - Collects and reports traffic data related to a customer's ACD system. Collected traffic data is transmitted to the customer's premises over a private 1ine facility. The received data is provided via a teletypewriter, or where faci1ities permit, via a data terminal. Delay Announcements Standard Recorded Announcement Frame Fixed - a single delay announcement to incoming calls which indicates there will be a delay before answer. The announcement is fixed at 11 seconds in length. The content is customer specifiable and changeable via service order. Faci1ity Assurance Report A Facility Assurance Report consisting of a Non-Usage Trunk Scan (NUTS) and Locked-Up Trunk Scan (LUTS) is a Customer Traffic Record Feature option. The NUTS data consists of a 1ist of all customer faci1ities (excluding WATS) not busy on incoming or outgoing calls during the preceding 2 hours. LUTS provides a 1ist of all facilities locked up (offhook) during the preceding 2 hours. The customer has the option of selecting a printout which lists faci1ities that were not busy on an incoming call or a printout which lists faci1ities that were not busy on any call. The NUTS and LUTS data is transmitted to the customer via the teletypewriter or data terminal every 2 hours starting 15 minutes after even hours. The interval and starting times are not changeable. Material originally appeared in INFORMATION LINK No. 2, Original Sheet 64
4 PART 6 - Central Office Services Original Sheet 4 C. Description Of Features (Cont'd) Intercom Calls with PBX Systems or another ESS-ACD System - intercommunicating lines between an ESS-ACD System and a PBX System including Centrex and another ESS-ACD System are furnished as tie lines. Make Busy Arrangements Station Make Busy - permits individual agent stations to busy out and become unavailable for incoming calls. Group Make Busy - permits the entire queue to be busied out. Incoming calls will receive a busy tone. Night Transfer Service - provides the capability to transfer calls from a split to another specified answering location, e.g. to another split, another ACD system, or an instrument. The customer can activate or deactivate the night transfer service option by means of a premises located key for each split which is equipped with the option. When no directory number is provided as a night transfer point the entire split will be made busy to incoming calls upon activation of the night transfer key associated with that split. Queueing - is the arrangement whereby incoming calls are held awaiting the availability of an answering position and are unloaded from the queue on a first-in, first-out basis. A queue slot is required for each call to be held in queue. Split - is a customer designated grouping of answering positions that perform a particular function. Each split has its own directory number trunk group. Uniform Call Distribution - provides an even distribution of incoming calls to available answering positions. Material originally appeared in INFORMATION LINK No. 2, Original Sheet 65
5 PART 6 - Central Office Services 2nd Revised Sheet 5 ESS-ACD SERVICE (cont d) D. Provision Of Lines 1. Local Central Office Trunks are required and charged for as specified in Tariff M.P.S.C. No. 20R, Part 4, Section 2. The customer is required to contract for adequate Central Office trunks to permit the use of the service without injurious effect upon the general telephone service as specified in Tariff M.P.S.C. No. 20R, Part 2, Section Lines a. Incoming Lines to Queue (1) Central Office Trunks - apply charges as specified in Tariff M.P.S.C. No. 20R, Part 4, Section 2. (2) Tie Lines - apply charges for dialing type Tie Lines in addition to Channel charges. (3) CCSA access lines and InWATS lines - apply charges as specified elsewhere in this Guidebook and other tariffs. (C) (4) Station Lines (of PBX Systems including Centrex Systems) - the lines are arranged and charged for as dialing type Tie Lines as specified for the type of system elsewhere in the tariff. ATT TN MU Effective: March 19, 2010
6 PART 6 - Central Office Services 1st Revised Sheet 5.1 ESS-ACD SERVICE (cont d) D. Provision Of Lines (cont d) 2. Lines (cont d) b. Incoming Lines from the ESS-ACD to Agent and Supervisor Positions (1) When the customer s location is in the area served by the serving wire center in which the ESS-ACD switcher is located: (a) Primary location - the customer s premises in one building or different buildings on the same continuous property: i. Where the number of Agent and Supervisor positions are equal to or less than the number of Incoming Lines to Queue, no channel charge applies. ii. Where the number of Agent and Supervisor positions exceed the number of Incoming Lines to Queue, apply Direct Analog Service rates and charges for each position in excess of the number of lines as provided via unregulated Dedicated Communications Service for end users and from Part 21, Special Access, for Telecommunications Providers. (b) Secondary locations - the customer s premises other than the primary location: for the Channel from the serving wire center in which the ESS-ACD switching equipment is located to each Agent and Supervisor position at a secondary location, apply Direct Analog Service rates and charges for each position as provided via unregulated Dedicated Communications Service for end users and from Part 21, Special Access, for Telecommunications Providers. (2) When the customer s primary location is in a different serving wire center area than the one in which the ESS-ACD switcher is located - where facility conditions permit and the customer s location is within operating limits, in addition to the channel charges, other charges will be determined separately in each case in accordance with the provisions for establishing charges for special equipment and arrangements as specified elsewhere in this Guidebook. (C) ATT TN MU Effective: March 19, 2010
7 PART 6 - Central Office Services 2nd Revised Sheet 6 ESS-ACD SERVICE (cont d) D. Provision Of Lines (cont d) 3. Charges a. Incoming Lines USOC Installation Charges Monthly Rates (1) For ESS Call Distribution - Each Foreign Exchange trunk and each trunk serving a primary location in a different serving wire center than the ESS-ACD switching equipment /1/ - Each tie line and CCSA access line termination incoming to queue /1/ b. Other Lines A8EFX A8ETL - - $ (1) For Intercom with PBX Systems - Each tie line outgoing from agent or supervisor console /2/ - Station lines or local exchange service trunks A3L - /3/ /3/ /3/ /3/ /1/ The charges are in addition to charges for foreign exchange trunks, 800 SERVICE, CCSA access lines and tie lines as specified elsewhere in this Guidebook and other tariffs. /2/ Requires dialing type tie lines and one 4 wire voice grade Direct Analog Service with Signaling Capability as provided via unregulated Dedicated Communications Service for end users and from Part 21, Special Access, for Telecommunications Providers. /3/ The charges for tie lines, station lines, local exchange service trunks and channels apply as specified elsewhere in this Guidebook and other tariffs. (C) (C) ATT TN MU Effective: March 19, 2010
8 PART 6 - Central Office Services Original Sheet 7 E. Type A Service 1. General a. The following charges are for ESS-ACD Service only. b. The minimum service period for all equipment is one month. c. For termination either 1) after installation of the required equipment and facilities but before service is established or, 2) before installation is completed, the charge will be determined separately for each case in accordance with the provisions for establishing charges for special equipment and arrangements as specified in Tariff M.P.S.C. No. 20R, Part 2, Section 7 not to exceed the monthly rates for one month, installation and nonrecurring charges. d. Suspension of service provisions do not apply to the Customer Traffic Record Feature. 2. Service Establishment Charge - A nonrecurring charge for Common Equipment is applicable when establishing the following services: Nonrecurring Charges - Type A ESS-ACD $ Customer Traffic Record Feature 7, Nonrecurring Monthly 3. Rate Schedule USOC Charges Rates a. Central Office Portion of the Service Basic Service Common-Equipment (Includes split arranged for queueing), per system A8A $ $19.17 Station Terminals. Each A NOTE: Includes one-half of a queue slot per terminal. - Additional Queue Slots (where facilities permit), each A83RA 1.73 Make Busy Arrangements NOTE: Requires one 2 wire voice grade Direct Analog Local Distribution Channel for each Control Key. - Per Station Termination /a/ A6G Per Split Group A9A
9 PART 6 - Central Office Services Original Sheet 8 E. Type A Service (Cont'd) 3. Rate Schedule (Cont'd) Nonrecurring Monthly a. Central Office Portion of the Service USOC Charges Rates Calls Waiting Indication - per unique timing state to be indicated, each /a/ A66CE $31.95 $3.83 NOTE: Control arrangement to indicate up to three timing states of calls being held in the queue of a split. The time delay activating each arrangement is specified by the customer. Requires one 2 wire voice grade Direct Analog Service /a/ per timing state and auxiliary signals. Delay Announcements - Per Announcement (Maximum of 4 where facilities permit) A8GCE Per Announcement Trunk A8GAT Per Station Termination A8GST Silence or Customer Provided Music /a/ After Delay Announcement - Per Trunk Access A5T Night Transfer - per Split Equipped /a/ A3T Customer Traffic Record Feature (CTRF) Common Equipment (including central office data set required to collect and transmit CTRF data, each system /b/ NFB Traffic Measurements provides, at the customer's option; incoming peg count, outgoing peg count, overflow peg count, traffic usage, maintenance usage, and similar usage information - Per label (column or row descriptor) NFE Per traffic measurement selected NFG Per line a maximum of one printout in any one hour NFP Per line a maximum of two printouts in any one hour NFQ Facility Assurance Report (NUTS and LUTS), each facility reported NFK /a/ /b/ The charges are in addition to 2 wire voice grade Direct Analog Service charges specified in Tariff M.P.S.C. No. 20R, Part 21. In addition, a Telegraph Grade Service is required between the serving wire center common equipment and the data receiving equipment at the customer premises. The monthly rates and nonrecurring charges specified in Tariff M.P.S.C. No. 20R, Part 21, are additional. Material originally appeared in INFORMATION LINK No. 2, on Original Sheet 69
10 PART 6 - Central Office Services Original Sheet 9 E. Type A Service (Cont'd) 3. Rate Schedule (Cont'd) b. Customer Premises Portion of the Service (CPS) Agent and Supervisor Positions - Type A ESS-ACD/a/ Customer Traffic Record Feature /b/ c. Cancellation Charges - CTRF Cancellation charges apply in the event of the following: - Cancellation after the installation of the required equipment and facilities is completed, but before service is established. The nonrecurring charge for the establishment of the CTRF Common Equipment is applicable. - Cancellation of service before the installation is completed. A charge consisting of the loss of equipment and facilities in the process of being installed, the installation labor, the labor cost of removal and other costs are applicable. d. Additions and Rearrangements CTRF Traffic Measurements - Subsequent addition to, removal from. or rearrangement of the customer's printout format, the trunks or facility groups measured, or the column or row labels, each occasion Nonrecurring Charges $ Change printout time schedule, each occasion Facility Assurance Report Subsequent addition or removal of facilities from the report, each occasion 3.65 e. Change of Delay Announcement Recording - Each occasion /a/ /b/ Requires customer provided keyless or multiline key type telephone sets. Requires a 35 Receive Only Teletypewriter or equivalent and a 100 Series type data set. Material originally appeared in INFORMATION LINK No. 2, Original Sheet 70
PART 7 - Central Office Optional Features 1st Revised Sheet 1 COMPLEMENTARY NETWORK SERVICES (CNS) A. GENERAL 1. Complementary Network Services (CNS) have been developed and are to be implemented as an
PART 4 - Exchange Access Services Original Sheet 1 1. MEASURED RATE SERVICES 1.1 BUSINESS MEASURED RATE SERVICE Business Measured Service is a telephone service with local service charges based upon the
PART 17 - ISDN Services 5th Revised Sheet 1 1. ISDN PRIME SERVICE A. DESCRIPTION ISDN (Integrated Services Digital Network) Prime is a digital business service that provides PBX equipment and host computer
PART 7 - Central Office Optional Features Original Sheet 1 7.1.1 Custom Calling Services A. SERVICE DESCRIPTION Custom Calling Service is a central office based service which consists of a variety of optional
Original Sheet 1 S16.1 GENERAL A. Centrex is a Central Office based business communications service which provides capabilities similar to those offered on a Private Branch Exchange, but without requiring
d/b/a One Touch Communications Original Page 1 Services Applicable to Facilities-Based and Resold Local Exchange Telecommunications Services Furnished by Spectrotel of Maryland, LLC d/b/a One Touch Communications
CENTREX PLUS User Guide Welcome to Centrex Plus. With your new network-based system housed and maintained in a FairPoint Central Office you will be able to increase your productivity and reduce your costs.
LAFOURCHE TELEPHONE CO., LLC Second Revised Page 1 Cancels First Revised Page 1 By: John D. Scanlan, President Issued: February 1, 2012 Effective: February 15, 2012 OBSOLETE SERVICE OFFERINGS TABLE OF
PART 6 - Central Office Services Original Sheet 1 1. TELEPHONE ANSWERING SERVICE A. General 1. Description Telephone answering service consists of telephone answering facilities and services furnished
Original Page 1 1. DIRECTORY LISTINGS Primary Listing A primary listing is the listing furnished as a part of the local exchange service. It includes the name of the customer; a business, purpose, or other
CINCINNATI BELL TELEPHONE COMPANY LLC Residence Service Agreement - Local Telephone Services Nonresidence Service Agreement - Local Telephone Services
A. TERMS AND CONDITIONS Not available in Bethel. Centrex is an arrangement of switching equipment and facilities owned and maintained by the Company, which provides the customer with a complex communications
First Revised Sheet 1 Canceling Original Sheet 1 (N) A. General Primary Integrated Services Digital Network (ISDN PRI) is an exchange service based on the Primary Rate Interface (PRI) arrangement of the
PART 6 - Central Office Services Original Sheet 1 CENTRAL OFFICE CONCENTRATOR SERVICE A. General 1. Central Office Concentrator Service is available to any subscriber who has a need for concentration of
FIRST REVISED PAGE 105 CANCELLING ORIGINAL PAGE 105 7. Optional Central Office Services 7.1 Description Optional calling services include the following central office-based call management services. The
Original Sheet 1 MILEAGE CHARGES EXTENSION STATION When an extension station, bell, gong, or horn, or PBX station is located in a building separate and apart from that housing the main station, an additional
Dallas, Texas Sheet: Index 1 Issued: December 4, 1991 Revision: Original Effective: January 8, 1992 Replacing: INDEX Sheet 1. Explanation of Terms (Listed Alphabetically)... 1-11 Dallas, Texas Sheet: 1
Supplement No. 13 - Telephone PA P.U.C. - No. 5 First Revised Sheet 1 Canceling Original Sheet 1 MILEAGE CHARGES EXCHANGE LINE When one-party and existing two-party line service is furnished at a point
Original Sheet 1 I. General PRIVATE LINE SERVICE A. Channels are furnished for intraexchange or interexchange service on a two-point or multi-point basis for a minimum period of one month. B. With reference
OVERVIEW Good communication is a key asset for any business. At TX/communications Canada Inc., we know how important it is to have fast, efficient call processing. So whether the calls you receive are
Brian Musselwhite Vice-President Florida External Regulatory and Legislative Affairs Southern Region April 13, 2007 BY ELECTRONIC FILING Ms. Beth Salak, Director Division of Competitive Markets and Enforcement
By: John D. Scanlan, President & Vice Chairman Issued: July 14, 2000 Effective: July 28, 2000 GENERAL EXCHANGE SERVICES TARIFF NO.
211 th Revised Page 2 Cancels 210 th Revised Page 2 CHECK SHEET PAGE REVISION PAGE REVISION 1 10 th Rev. 26 2 nd Rev. 2 211 th Rev. * 27 2 nd Rev. 2.1 22 nd Rev. 28 2 nd Rev. 3 43 rd Rev. 29 2 nd Rev.
A. TERMS AND CONDITIONS Local Exchange Service is available in all exchanges served by the Company. Exchange service/access lines include the serving central office line equipment, including Touch Tone
Notice Note that when converting this document from its original format to a.pdf file, some minor font and format changes may occur causing slight variations from the original printed document. When viewing
Lync as a PBX Features list Each time you want to replace a PBX by Lync, you have to be clear about what you can do and what you will have to work around. So here is a short list of feature supported (or
Original Page No. 1 AGENCY SECTION 2 EXPLANATION OF TERMS For 911 or E911 service, the government agency(s) designated as having responsibility for the control and staffing of the emergency report center.
Original Sheet 1 Issued: April 25, 2003 Effective: April 25, 2003 9.1. GENERAL Message Telecommunications Service (MTS) applies to all toll calls made between two or more rate centers that are furnished
TELUS Communications Company 5th Revised Page 300-1 Cancels 4th Revised Page 300-1 300 Call Management Services 300.1 Service Description Call Management Services are network-based line features that provide
Questions to ask clients prior to setting up a call center Is this an inbound or outbound call center? How many total agents do you have? Are there multiple shifts? If so, how many agents per shift? How
A. DESCRIPTION The business bundles in this section contain specific groups of business services; priced at rates that are less than if the services were purchased separately. These packages contain a
Farmers Mutual Telephone Company of Chapin Original Sheet No. 1 M.P.S.C. No. 1 (R) Schedule of Rates, Charges and Regulations Governing
Farmers Mutual Telephone Company of Chapin Original Sheet No. 1 M.P.S.C. No. 1 (R) Schedule of Rates, Charges and Regulations Governing LOCAL EXCHANGE TELEPHONE SERVICE Applying the the Exchanges of this
Centrex User Guide Centrex is a central office-based telecommunications system that lets you customize your telephone service to suit your unique business needs. With Centrex, you can grow from two lines
A. TERMS AND CONDITIONS Nonresidence Local Service Bundles provide a flat rate line (as described in the Company's Local Service Tariff PUCO No. 1 or Section 4 of this Agreement), Centrex Lines, PRIME
ORIGINAL TITLE PAGE Applying to Competitive Service of ILLINOIS CONSOLIDATED TELEPHONE COMPANY in Illinois ISSUED: May 18, 1989 EFFECTIVE: May 19, 1989 BY Richard A. Lumpkin, President Illinois Consolidated
Basic ACD Planning Agent Skill Group Planner The Agent Skill Group Planner assists in planning the distribution of workload between agent skill groups. Using the information collected from customer requirements
This forum is born from another forum titled Ilsalunte Valion, which was dedicated to a very specific branch of gnosis inspired on the work of J.R.R. Tolkien. It has existed under that name since late 2007, after some earlier attempts of founder Dave Woosley (current member Meneldur Olvarion) to gather a group of like-minded individuals to develop a gnostically-inspired spiritual practice based on Tolkien's Legendarium (a term used to designate this mythopoetic body of work).
This forum fulfilled the need of its user group, though it has always been difficult to find like-minded others among the ranks of Tolkien-enthusiasts. The problem here is that the average 'Tolkien fans' is just as firmly bound by the iron chain of "imaginal equals falsehood" as most other people; and, even more disheartening, the ones that one tends to find where spirituality and Tolkien overlap are usually adrift, way over the edge. Those who can walk that narrow ridge in gnostic fashion are rare, especially in our niche.
I've always identified as a rationalist skeptic, until my gnostic metanoia was triggered by the combination of Ilsaluntë Valion and one of Stephan Hoeller's lectures: "JRR Tolkien's gnosis for our day". Though this branch of gnosticism remains my basis, I became interested in the phenomenon in a wider context. I listened to more of Dr. Hoeller's lectures, and eventually found Miguel Conner's Aeon Byte shows in iTunes. I was fascinated, after I learned to decode his introductions. I offered him help with the website after I heard him ask for it in one of the shows. And well, eventually the idea dawned on me that it might make more sense to find members for Ilsaluntë Valion among those who are interested in gnosticism, as among Tolkien fans or pagans (or what have you) - but also, that a discussion platform might be a nice feature for Miguel's theGodAboveGod.com. To which he agreed "as long as I don't have to moderate it" (or words to that effect).
For that purpose the forum needed to have a wider scope, of course. What I did was to draw up a forum structure that I hope will fulfil that purpose (if you have any suggestions don't hesitate to say so). The existing content of Ilsaluntë Valion is moved to a separate sub-board. Access there, apart from the publicly visible topics, is for now limited to the existing IV members considering the privacy and authorship of the members involved.
If anyone is specifically interested in the topic of Tolkien-related gnosis, we can give access to that sub-board.
However, I don't see a reason why this could not also be discussed in the general section of this forum as well.
I can only hope that (as one of my favourite sayings of Stephan Hoeller goes) all of this will be of some use to you!
'For that purpose the forum needed to have a wider scope, of course. What I did was to draw up a forum structure that I hope will fulfil that purpose (if you have any suggestions don't hesitate to say so).
I would like to suggest a up front section highlighting the newest and most interesting posts. I also like the idea of using a Tolkien based imaginary platform an open ended visualization where all posters could post their additions, and if there is more than one idea for the same part then you could choose, and you could insert Gnostic ideals that are highlighted and sprinkled throughout the story, and to put some spice into everyone's growth in Gnosis. The Mystery school idea is great. I needs advertising, advertising, advertising. Tolkien has a certain amount of respect among some of the magical community. I think that Gordon White might give a interview to someone advertising a Tolkien themed mystery school. 'Just Sayin'
Disclaimer:All data and information provided by @Mrpasserby is information only.I say to all,if any parts of my information seems to go against traditions that you believe in then,disregard that information.A spirit quester has to kick his own asp.
Agreement The terms and conditions set forth herein which constitute an agreement between Cincinnati Bell Telephone Company LLC and the Customer for the provision of local telephone services as defined
Second PAGE NO. 1 CANCELS First PAGE NO. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS: REVISION PAGE Table of Contents Second 1 * Rates and Charges, Business and Residence Reissued 2 Rates and Charges, Miscellaneous Second 3 *
The Southern New England TARIFF F.C.C. NO. 39 Telephone Company 7th Revised Page 4-1 CANCELS 6th Revised Page 4-1 ACCESS SERVICE
USING THE PRODUCT GUIDE. Applicable To Residential and Business Local Services, Rates, Terms and Conditions Provided In The Territories Served By
Aspire Automatic Call Distribution (ACD) Feature Handbook This manual has been developed by NEC Unified Solutions, Inc. It is intended for the use of its customers and service personnel, and should be
PART 13 - Public Telephone Services 1st Revised Sheet 1 Replacing Original Sheet 1 PAYPHONE EXCHANGE ACCESS SERVICE A. General 1. Payphone Exchange Access Service is a service which offers pay telephone
A. TERMS AND CONDITIONS Custom Calling Services are offered only from select central offices where the Company has arranged the facilities for these services and are furnished subject to the availability
Original Page 9-1 9. Directory Assistance Service The Telephone Company will provide Directory Assistance (DA) Service to a customer from Directory Assistance Service locations (DA location). 9.1 General
PHILLIPS COUNTY TELEPHONE COMPANY PHILLIPS COUNTY COMMUNICATIONS, INC. DEFINITIONS The Company utilizes the following definitions in its business and services: Access Code A sequence of numbers that, when
Original Page 1 This Pricing Guide No. 1 includes the local exchange telecommunications services offered to Customers within the State of Maryland that are de-tariffed and/or unregulated by the State of
2 Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+ Report written by Jean Koppen, Senior Research Advisor and Gretchen Anderson, Research Analyst National Member Research Survey conducted by International Communications Research Copyright AARP Reprinting with permission only 601 E St. NW Washington, D.C June 2007
3 AARP is a nonprofit, nonpartisan membership organization that helps people 50+ have independence, choice and control in ways that are beneficial and affordable to them and society as a whole. We produce AARP The Magazine, published bimonthly; AARP Bulletin, our monthly newspaper; AARP Segunda Juventud, our bimonthly magazine in Spanish and English; NRTA Live & Learn, our quarterly newsletter for 50+ educators; and our website, AARP Foundation is our affiliated charity that provides security, protection, and empowerment to older persons in need with support from thousands of volunteers, donors, and sponsors. We have staffed offices in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
5 Purpose and Methodology The purpose of this study was to understand what Americans age 50 and older think about the afterlife, including what they believe about life after death, heaven and hell, religion and spirituality, and spirits and ghosts. The information was gathered to inform an upcoming article for AARP The Magazine. Results provide some insight into how the 50+ population envisions life after death for themselves as well as for others. Questions were included on an omnibus survey June 29-July 10, The omnibus survey, conducted by International Communications Research (ICR), is a bi-weekly national telephone survey of U.S. households. ICR conducted a stratified, random-digitdialing sample of telephone households. The survey included demographic and lifestyle questions, as well as questions about the afterlife and other topics. The survey was conducted with 1,011 respondents age 50 and older and all responses were subsequently weighted to be nationally representative of the U.S. population 50+, balanced by key demographics. The margin of error is +/- 3.08%. Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
6 Key Findings Three-quarters (73%) of respondents 50+ agree strongly or somewhat with the statement I believe in life after death. Women are more likely to believe in the afterlife (80%) compared to men (64%). Almost all respondents 50+ believe in God (94%). Respondents who characterize themselves as somewhat religious are almost as likely to say they believe in God (97%) as those who consider themselves very religious (100%). Approximately one-half (53%) of respondents 50+ believe that spirits or ghosts exist. Two-fifths of respondents (38%) say that they have felt the presence, or seen something, that they thought may have been a spirit of a ghost. Those more likely to say they have had this experience include women (45%), younger (50-59) respondents (42%), those who label themselves very religious (43%), and respondents from the West (50%). While almost nine in ten respondents believe in heaven (86%), fewer respondents believe in hell (70%). Almost nine out of ten respondents (88%) who believe in heaven think that they personally will get into heaven. Women are more likely to say they will get into heaven (91%) compared to men (85%). Additionally, those who consider themselves very religious almost unanimously think they would get into heaven (97%) compared to eighty-five percent of those who consider themselves somewhat or three-quarters of those not at all (75%) religious. While 88% of respondents who believe in heaven say that they expect to go to heaven, when asked what percentage of people they think will get into heaven, respondents, on average, say that 64% of people will go to heaven. When asked whether heaven is an actual place or a state of being, respondents who believe in heaven are divided with almost half conceptualizing heaven as a state of being (47%) and two-fifths conceptualizing heaven as a place (40%). Respondents who believe in hell are almost equally divided between conceptualizing hell as a state of being (43%) or as a place (42%). Two-thirds of respondents say that their confidence in life after death has increased as they have gotten older (66%). In addition, most respondents are not scared about death and what happens to them after they die: only one in five (20%) say they are frightened by these thoughts. Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
7 Fear of death is most strongly related to uncertainty in one's religious beliefs and the possibility that something negative could happen after death. A belief that once one dies, that's the end, was the strongest predictor of fear of death. Respondents who say they are only slightly religious and those who believe in hell are also more likely than most to be afraid of death. Respondents with the lowest household incomes (29% under $25,000) are almost twice as likely to be afraid of death and what happens to them after they die as those with higher incomes (an average of 16% for $25,000 and over). Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
8 Beliefs in the Afterlife Almost three-quarters (73%) of respondents age 50 and older agree either strongly or somewhat with the statement I believe in life after death. Women are more likely to believe in the afterlife (80%) compared to men (64%). Interestingly, the youngest respondents (50-59) are also more likely to believe in the afterlife (78%) compared to the eldest (70+) respondents (67%). Not surprisingly, those who consider themselves very religious are more likely to believe in the afterlife (85%) compared to those somewhat religious (71%) and those not at all religious (44%). Less than one-quarter of respondents (24%) believe that when they die, that s the end. Those who consider themselves not at all religious are more likely to believe when they die it s the end (58%) compared to those somewhat religious (27%) and those very religious (11%). Almost all respondents 50+ believe in God (94%) and/or in a higher power (90%). Women are more likely to believe in God (97%) compared to men (90%). Respondents who characterize themselves as somewhat religious are almost as likely to say they believe in God (97%) as those who consider themselves very religious (100%). While almost nine in ten respondents believe in heaven (86%), seven in ten respondents believe in hell (70%). One-half of respondents believe that spirits or ghosts exist (53%) and one-quarter believe in reincarnation (23%). Respondents in the north east are more likely to believe in reincarnation (31%) compared to respondents in all other regions; and younger respondents (50-59) are also more likely to believe in reincarnation (28%) compared to their older counterparts. Statement Strongly or Somewhat Agree Strongly or Somewhat Disagree Don t know/ refused I believe in God I believe in a higher power I believe there is a heaven I believe in life after death I believe there is a hell I believe that spirits or ghosts exist I believe that when I die, that s the end I believe in reincarnation More women believe in spirits or ghosts (60%) compared to men (44%). Respondents in their 50s are also more likely to believe in ghosts or spirits (64%) compared to those in their 60s (51%) or those age 70 or older (38%). Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
9 Two-thirds of respondents say that their confidence in life after death has increased as they have gotten older (66%). More women agree with this statement (69%) than men (61%), and respondents who say they are very religious are the most likely to agree with this statement (78%). In addition, most respondents are not scared about death and what happens to them after they die: only one in five (20%) say they are frightened by these thoughts. The majority of respondents consider themselves spiritual (87%) and almost as many respondents consider themselves religious (82%). Statement Strongly or Somewhat Agree Strongly or Somewhat Disagree Don t know/ refused I consider myself a spiritual person I consider myself a religious person My confidence in life after death has increased as I have gotten older Thinking about my own death and what happens to me after I die scares me Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
10 Heaven and Hell As mentioned previously, almost nine in ten respondents age 50 and older believe in heaven (86%). Some demographic groups are more likely to believe in heaven than others. More women (91%) than men (80%) believe in heaven; those with the lowest household incomes (90% under $25,000 and 88% $25,000-$50,000) are more likely to believe in heaven than those with the highest ($75,000+) household incomes (78%). Those living in the north central areas of the country are more likely to believe in heaven (90%) compared to those living in the west (81%). Respondents with only a high school education (89%) or some college (88%) are more likely to believe in heaven compared to those with a college degree or higher education (77%). As expected, those who consider themselves very religious are more likely to believe in heaven (99%) than those somewhat (87%) or not very (43%) religious. Seven in ten respondents believe in hell (70%). The demographic groups more likely to believe in hell are similar to the groups more likely to believe in heaven: more women (75%) than men (65%); more lower (under $25,000) income (76%) than higher ($75,000+) income (61%); more southern (77%) and north central (73%) residents than western (61%) and northeastern (65%); and more high school (or less) graduates (74%) or those with some college (75%) or college graduates (57%). Very religious respondents are more likely to believe in hell (86%), compared to respondents somewhat religious (69%) and not at all religious (31%). I believe in heaven. (agree strongly or somewhat) I believe in hell. (agree strongly or somewhat) Total Men Women Income Under $25k $25k-$49.9k $50k-74.9k $75k Region North East North Central South West Education H.S. or less Some college College, post graduate Religiosity Very religious Somewhat religious Not at all religious Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
11 Respondents were asked if there is a heaven, who do they think gets in to heaven. 1 The question was asked open-ended and responses were grouped and categorized. Three in ten respondents (29%) say that people who believe in Jesus Christ get into heaven. Onequarter (25%) say that people who are good go to heaven. One in ten respondents say people who believe in one God go to heaven (10%) and/or everyone goes to heaven (10%). If there is a heaven, who do you think gets in to heaven? (n=784) % People who believe in Jesus Christ 29 People who are good 25 People who believe in one God 10 Everyone 10 People who are religious/have faith 8 Other 5 People who are repentant/feel bad for their sins 3 People who do not sin 2 Babies/children 1 Don t know 13 Refused 1 When asked if they think they will get into heaven, almost nine out of ten respondents (88%) think that they will get into heaven (2% said no, 9% said don t know, and 1% refused to answer). 2 Women are more likely to say they will get into heaven (91%) compared to men (85%). Additionally, those who consider themselves very religious almost unanimously think they will get into heaven (97%) compared to eighty-five percent of those who consider themselves somewhat or three-quarters of those not at all (75%) religious. While 88% of respondents say that they expect to go to heaven, when asked what percentage of people they think will get into heaven, respondents, on average, say that 64% of people will go to heaven. 3 Less than one-tenth of respondents (8%) say that 100% of people will go to heaven. 1 Respondents who disagreed strongly with I believe in life after death or I believe there is a heaven, or who agreed strongly with I believe that when I die that s the end were not asked questions about heaven. 2 Respondents who disagreed strongly with I believe in life after death or I believe there is a heaven, or who agreed strongly with I believe that when I die that s the end were not asked questions about heaven. 3 Among respondents who gave a response. Respondents who disagreed strongly with I believe in life after death or I believe there is a heaven, or who agreed strongly with I believe that when I die that s the end were not asked questions about heaven. Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
12 Respondents were also asked whether heaven is an actual place or a state of being. 4 Respondents are divided, with almost half conceptualizing heaven as a state of being (47%) and two-fifths conceptualizing heaven as a place (40%). A handful of respondents (2%) think heaven is both a place and a state of being, and one-tenth say they do not know. Younger respondents (50-59) are more likely to think heaven is a state of being (47%), as are respondents from the west (51%) or northeast (63%), respondents with a college degree (67%), respondents with higher household incomes (62% of $50,000-$74,900 and 63% of $75,000+) and respondents who are somewhat (60%) or not at all (72%) religious. By the same token, many of these demographic counterparts are more likely to think of heaven as a place (respondents with lower household incomes, respondents from the north central and south, respondents with some college education or less, and respondents who consider themselves very religious). There are no statistically significant gender differences in responses. Heaven is a state of being Heaven is a place Total Age Income Under $25k $25k-$49.9k $50k-74.9k $75k Region North East North Central South West Education H.S. or less Some college College, post graduate Religiosity Very religious Somewhat religious Not at all religious Respondents who disagreed strongly with I believe in life after death or I believe there is a heaven, or who agreed strongly with I believe that when I die that s the end were not asked questions about heaven. Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
13 Respondents were asked if there is a hell, who do they think goes to hell. 5 The question was asked open-ended and responses were grouped and categorized. One in three respondents (31%) say that people who are bad go to hell. Seventeen percent say people who do not believe in Jesus Christ go to hell and fifteen percent say people who do not believe in God go to hell. If there is a hell, who do you think will go to hell? (n=692) % People who are bad 31 People who do not believe in Jesus Christ 17 People who do not believe in God 15 People who have sinned 9 People who have not repented/feel bad for their sins 6 Other 6 No one 2 The percentage who do not go to heaven 2 Do not believe hell is a place to go to 1 Politicians 1 Don t know 18 Refused 1 5 Respondents who disagreed strongly with I believe in life after death or I believe there is a hell, or who agreed strongly with I believe that when I die that s the end were not asked questions about hell. Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
14 Respondents were also asked whether hell is an actual place or a state of being. 6 Respondents are almost equally divided between conceptualizing hell as a state of being (43%) or as a place (42%). A handful of respondents (2%) think hell is both a place and a state of being, and one-tenth (11%) say they do not know. Younger respondents (50-59) are more likely to think hell is a state of being (48%), as are respondents from the west (48%) or northeast (60%), respondents with a college degree (59%), respondents with higher household incomes (55% of $50,000-$74,900 and 61% of $75,000+) and respondents who are somewhat (57%) or not at all (56%) religious. By the same token, many of these demographic counterparts are more likely to think of hell as a place (respondents with lower household incomes, respondents from the north central and south, respondents with some college education or less, and respondents who consider themselves very religious). There are no statistically significant gender differences in responses. Hell is a state of being Hell is a place Total Age Income Under $25k $25k-$49.9k $50k-74.9k $75k Region North East North Central South West Education H.S. or less Some college College, post graduate Religiosity Very religious Somewhat religious Not at all religious Respondents who disagreed strongly with I believe in life after death or I believe there is a hell, or who agreed strongly with I believe that when I die that s the end were not asked questions about hell. Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
15 Fear of Death Demographic Differences Only one in five respondents (20%) say they are frightened about what happens to them after they die. There are no statistically significant differences by gender, age, or region. However, those with the lowest household incomes (29% under $25,000) are almost twice as likely to be afraid of death than those with higher incomes (17% $25,000- $50,000; 17% $50,000-75,000; 15% $75K+). Furthermore, respondents with only a high school education (23%) are more likely to fear death than those with some college (17%) or a college degree higher education (17%). Interestingly, respondents who consider themselves to be somewhat religious (25%) are more likely to fear death than those who report being very religious (16%) or not religious at all (13%). Thinking about my own death and what happens to me after I die scares me (Agree Strongly/Somewhat) Total 20% Gender Men 21 Women 19 Age Income Under $25k 29 $25k-$49.9k 17 $50k-74.9k 17 $75k+ 15 Region North East 22 North Central 22 South 20 West 16 Education H.S. or less 23 Some college 17 College, post graduate 17 Religiosity Very religious 16 Somewhat religious 25 Not at all religious 13 Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
16 Fear of Death Relation to Other Afterlife Beliefs Although, overall, most respondents report not being afraid of what happens to them when they die, there are significant differences in this number when other afterlife beliefs are considered. Those who report believing in heaven (22%) are more likely to report a fear of death than those don't believe in heaven (8%). Similarly, those who report a belief in hell are more likely to feel scared about what happens to them when they die (22% vs. 14%). A belief in ghosts and spirits is also linked to greater fear of death, with 24% of those who believe in ghosts also claiming that they are afraid of death (only 16% of those don't believe are afraid). However, this difference does not extend to people who actually say they have felt the presence of or seen a ghost. Those who believe in reincarnation fear death more than those who do not (32% vs. 17%). Somewhat confusingly, those who report gaining greater confidence in life after death as they've aged, are also more likely to say they are scared of death than those who don't report an increased confidence level (23% vs. 12%). It is likely that this difference is being driven by a third variable that is not accounted for in these percentages. Thinking about my own death and what happens to me after I die scares me (Agree Strongly/Somewhat) Total 20% Belief in an Afterlife Agree (strongly/somewhat) 21 Disagree (strongly/somewhat) 16 Belief in a Higher Power Agree 21 Disagree 9 Belief in Heaven Agree 22 Disagree 8 Belief in Hell Agree 22 Disagree 14 Belief in Ghosts/Spirits Agree 24 Disagree 16 Greater Confidence in Life After Death with Age Agree 23 Disagree 12 Belief in Reincarnation Agree 32 Disagree 17 When I Die, That's the End Agree 27 Disagree 18 Been in the Presence Of or Seen A Spirit or Ghost Agree 22 Disagree 19 Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
17 Fear of Death Predictive Factors In order to tease out the influence of demographic variables and other afterlife beliefs on fear of death, a series of logistic regressions were performed with fear of death as the dichotomous dependent variable (agree strongly/somewhat vs. disagree strongly/somewhat). Reported findings are statistically significant at p<.05 level. Overall, fear of death seems to be related to uncertainty in one's religious beliefs (i.e., those who say they are somewhat religious), or the possibility that something negative could happen to them when they die (i.e., a belief that death is the final ending and/or a belief in the existence of hell). Although positive beliefs did have a small relation to fear, these are not as strongly related to a fear of death as the main three: being somewhat religious, a belief that death is the end, and a belief in the existence of hell. After taking into account all other variables, income was the only demographic factor to be significantly related to fear of death. One potential explanation for this finding is that for those whose financial status is less secure, thinking of death may be a stressful reminder of the uncertainties in their lives and the potential strain their death would cause on family members. Income as a Significant Demographic Predictor of Fear of Death Gender, employment, and marital status did not predict respondents' fear of death. Income continued to be a strong predictor of being afraid to think of death. Even after taking into account other demographic variables including gender and age, those with a lower income are more likely to fear death than those with higher incomes. Education was significantly related to a fear of death when looked at alone; however, when combined with income and other afterlife beliefs, education was no longer significantly related to fear of death. Demographic Variables Cannot Completely Explain the Relation between Afterlife Beliefs and Fear of Death Once all demographic and afterlife variables are taken into account, a belief that once one dies, that's the end is the strongest predictor of fear of death. The second best predictor was respondents' religious beliefs. Specifically, those who say they are only somewhat religious are more likely to fear death than those who are not at all religious or those who are very religious. A belief in hell was the third best predictor of fear of death. Interestingly, once all the variables were taken into account, the converse of this variable a belief in heaven was not related to one's fear of death. Following these three main factors, a belief in ghosts, reincarnation, and in a higher power were also significantly, if somewhat weakly, related to fear of death. Finally, although gaining confidence in life after death with age initially looked like it was related to fear of death, when all the other factors were taken into account, it was not related. Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
18 Spirits and Ghosts As mentioned previously, approximately one-half of respondents 50+ agree with the statement I believe that spirits or ghosts exist. Almost two-fifths (38%) of all respondents (and more than one-half (57%) of respondents who believe in spirits or ghosts) say they have felt the presence, or seen something, that they thought may have been a spirit or a ghost. Those more likely to say they have had this experience include women (45%), younger respondents (42% of year olds, 40% of year olds), and those who label themselves very religious (43%). Respondents from the West (50%) are especially likely to say they have felt the presence of spirits or ghosts. Have you ever felt the presence or seen something that you thought may have been a spirit or a ghost? Yes No Total Men Women Age Region North East North Central South West Religiosity Very religious Somewhat religious Not at all religious Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
19 Religiosity One-half of respondents age 50 and older describe themselves as somewhat religious, more than one-third describe themselves as very religious (37%), and about one in ten (12%) describe themselves as not at all religious. Respondents who say they are not at all religious were asked if they consider themselves agnostic, atheist, or something else. One-quarter of these respondents (25%) consider themselves agnostic, one-tenth (12%) consider themselves atheist, and more than one half (57%) say they are something else. Women are more likely to consider themselves very religious (44%) compared to men (29%). Respondents with household incomes under $50,000 are more likely to describe themselves as very religious (39%) compared to respondents with household incomes $75,000+ (27%). Respondents in the south are more likely to say they are very religious (42%) than respondents in the north east (27%). Would you describe yourself as very religious, somewhat religious, or not religious at all? Somewhat Very religious religious Total Men Women Age Income Under $25k $25k-$49.9k $50k-74.9k $75k Region North East North Central South West Education H.S. or less Some college College, post graduate Not at all religious Thoughts on the Afterlife Among U.S. Adults 50+, June
Miracles, Divine Healings, and Angels: Beliefs Among U.S. Adults 45+ with Hispanic Oversample Report written by Gretchen Anderson, Research Analyst Member Value Research Knowledge Management Survey conducted
Patient Responsibility in Health Care: An AARP Bulletin Survey May 2011 Patient Responsibility in Health Care: An AARP Bulletin Survey Data Collected by SSRS Report Prepared by Teresa A. Keenan, Ph.D.
INTRODUCTION: In response to the recent economic downturn, the State of Georgia is looking at cuts to programs and services as a way to balance the state budget. At the same time, the sandwich generation,
Retirement Planning Survey Among U.S. Adults Age 40 and Older Conducted for AARP Bulletin May 2006 Retirement Planning Survey Among U.S. Adults Age 40 and Older Report written by Hana Holley, Research
Insights and Spending Habits of Modern Grandparents: A Look at African American and Hispanic/Latino Grandparents August 2012 Insights and Spending Habits of Modern Grandparents: A Look at African American
Missouri Do Not Call List: An AARP Survey Data Collected by Woelfel Research, Inc. Report Prepared by Joanne Binette
Home and Community Preferences of the 45+ Population November 2010 Home and Community Preferences of the 45+ Population Data Collected by GfK Custom Research North America Report Prepared by Teresa A.
Social Security: Voices and Values Conducted by AARP with support from The Rockefeller Foundation Hispanic Survey November 29, 2010 Copyright 2010 AARP Research & Strategic Analysis Reprinting with Permission
Prescription Drug Affordability: AARP Survey of Hispanic New Yorkers January 2006 Prescription Drugs Affordability: AARP Survey of Hispanic New Yorkers Data collected by Opinion Access, Corp. Report Prepared
Security Freeze Legislation: Awareness and Incidence of Placement Among Consumers 18+ in Seven States By Jennifer H. Sauer and Neal Walters
Security Freeze Legislation: Awareness and Incidence of Placement Among Consumers 18+ in Seven States By Jennifer H. Sauer and Neal Walters Louisiana Annotated Questionnaire November 2007 Purpose and Methodology
Fiduciary Duty and Investment Advice: Attitudes of 401(k) and 403(b) Participants. Report Prepared by S. Kathi Brown
Fiduciary Duty and Investment Advice: Attitudes of 401(k) and 403(b) Participants Report Prepared by S. Kathi Brown September 2013 Fiduciary Duty and Investment Advice: Attitudes of 401(k) and 403(b) Participants
2014 AARP Caregiving Survey: Opinions and Experiences of Connecticut Residents Age 40 and Older Connecticut residents want to live independently at home for as long as possible with the help of family
Minnesota Telemarketing Fraud and Do Not Call List: An AARP Survey Data Collected by Southeastern Institute of Research, Inc. Report Prepared by Joanne Binette Copyright AARP, 2001 by AARP Knowledge Management
Preparing For Their Future A Look at the Financial State of and March 2008 Preparing for Their Future A Look at the Financial State of and March 2008 Copyright 2008 American Savings Education Council and
Summary of 2011 AARP Survey of Virginians 18+: State Health Insurance Exchange Prepared by Jennifer H. Sauer State Research, AARP.
Summary of 2011 AARP Survey of Virginians 18+: State Health Insurance Exchange Prepared by Jennifer H. Sauer State Research, AARP State health insurance exchanges are a provision of the new health law
APRIL 2011 AARP and National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine Survey Report Complementary and Alternative Medicine: What People Aged 50 and Older Discuss With Their Health Care Providers
2009 Survey of Owners of Non-Qualified Annuity Contracts Conducted by The Gallup Organization and Mathew Greenwald & Associates for The Committee of Annuity Insurers 2 2009 SURVEY OF OWNERS OF NON-QUALIFIED
The Mass and Eucharist This section summarizes responses to questions about Catholics participation in the Mass and Eucharist and their attitudes about the Eucharist. Specifically, it addresses the following
Most Americans say media coverage of religion too sensationalized In a new survey of journalists and their audiences, less than one-fifth of reporters call themselves very knowledgeable about religion
Executive Summary Report The following information provides insights into American s attitudes and opinions about recycling. Key Findings More than one in five (22%) Americans say that when making a purchase,
Resource Guide for Employers Introduction You have restructured, downsized, outsourced, and reorganized. You have acquired, merged, and divested. Yet the question remains: Where are your experienced and
2015 RCS FACT SHEET #5 GENDER AND MARITAL STATUS COMPARISONS AMONG WORKERS Are unmarried men and women equally likely to plan and save for? Do they have similar expectations about their needs in? And how
KEY FINDINGS. Opinions on Payday Loan Rates and Legislation Prepared by Jennifer H. Sauer, State Research at AARP
Summary of AARP Poll of Texans Age 45+: Opinions on Payday Loan Rates and Legislation Prepared by Jennifer H. Sauer, State Research at AARP Texans maintain a strong resistance to very high APR s (annual
Loneliness among Older Adults: A National Survey of Adults 45+ Conducted for AARP The Magazine September 2010 Loneliness among Older Adults: A National Survey of Adults 45+ Report prepared by: Knowledge
Direct-to-Consumer Advertising of Prescription Drugs: Exposure and Response November 2010 Direct-to-Consumer Advertising of Prescription Drugs: Exposure and Response Report Prepared by Helen Brown COPYRIGHT
Planning for Health Care Costs in Retirement: A 2014 survey of 50+ Workers September 2014 Health Care Cost Survey 1 Planning for Health Care Costs In Retirement: A 2014 Survey of 50+ Workers Report Prepared
The State of the First Amendment: 2012 A Project Sponsored by the First Amendment Center The First Amendment Center has supported an annual national survey of American attitudes about the First Amendment
More than nine-in-ten Hispanics identify with a specific religion. That, along with several other measures
Chapter 2 Religious Practices and Beliefs More than nine-in-ten Hispanics identify with a specific religion. That, along with several other measures of belief and behavior, means that Hispanics as a group
JANUARY 30, 2012 The rise of in-store mobile commerce During the holiday season, 25% of cell owners used their phone inside stores to gather price comparisons; 24% used them to look up online reviews.
American Bible Society THE STATE OF THE BIBLE, 2011 A study of U.S. adults PRELIMINARY REPORT Research commissioned by: American Bible Society New York, New York Research conducted by: Barna Group Ventura,
Cleveland Clinic Heart Health Survey Survey Objectives and Methodology This survey of the general population gathered insights into Americans perceptions of heart disease and exercise. This was a telephone
Executive Summary Report June 2014 SURVEY OVERVIEW Methodology Penn Schoen Berland completed 3,279 telephone interviews between April 3, 2014 and May 6, 2014 This report includes the following audiences:
Steps to a Secure Retirement For most people, the days of a companybacked traditional pension that would provide for a comfortable retirement income are over. We all have more responsibility now to start
Steps to Making Your Home and Community Safer and Better Where do you want to spend your later years? According to an AARP survey, an overwhelming majority of older Americans (89%) want to continue to
New Goals. 2014 New Year Goals & Resolutions Poll. 2014 by AARP. All rights reserved. New Year Goals & Resolutions AARP Research
New Goals 2014 New Year Goals & Resolutions Poll 2014 by AARP. All rights reserved. Objectives & Key Findings An online poll was conducted to gather data on Americans thoughts on goals & resolutions in
CBS NEWS POLL For release: Sunday, April 27, 2014 10:00 a.m. ET Thinking About Death and Mortality April 16-20, 2014 Death may be inevitable, but most Americans don t spend much time thinking about it.
MSRG Special Report: Restrictions on Civil Liberties, Views of Islam, & Muslim Americans December 4 The Media & Society Research Group, Cornell University, 314 Kennedy Hall, Ithaca, NY 14853 Prepared by
Veritas Communications Date: April 2012. Everest: Funeral Planning Research Industry snap shot and opportunities
Veritas Communications Date: April 2012 Everest: Funeral Planning Research Industry snap shot and opportunities National Research Findings Canadians are unprepared and underinsured 64% have never planned
Pearson Student Mobile Device Survey 2013 National Report: College Students Conducted by Harris Interactive Field dates: January 28 February 24, 2013 Report date: April 17, 2013 Table of Contents Background
major survey by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life finds that most Americans have a A non-dogmatic approach to faith. A strong majority of those who are affiliated with a religion, including majorities
2014 AARP Caregiving Survey: Opinions and Experiences of Alabama Registered Voters Age 45 and Older Alabama registered voters want to live independently at home for as long as possible with the help of
Issue Brief. The Public s Views on Health Care Reform in the 2008 Presidential Election. Sara R. Collins and Jennifer L. Kriss The Commonwealth Fund
JANUARY 2008 Issue Brief The Public s Views on Health Care Reform in the 2008 Presidential Election Sara R. Collins and Jennifer L. Kriss The Commonwealth Fund For more information about this study, please
Sacraments Today: Belief and Practice among U.S. Catholics Executive Summary In December 2007 the Department of Communications of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) commissioned the
AUG. 15, 2013 Fewer See Stem Cell Research and IVF as Moral Issues Abortion Viewed in Moral Terms FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Luis Lugo, Director Alan Cooperman, Deputy Director Cary Funk, Senior
How is Life in Hampton Roads? The Social Science and Research Center (SSRC) at Old Dominion University recently conducted
How is Life in Hampton Roads? The Social Science and Research Center (SSRC) at Old Dominion University recently conducted a Life in Hampton Roads telephone survey with the purpose of gauging the relative
The Ariel Mutual Funds/Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. Black Investor Survey. Saving and Investing Among High Income African-American and White Americans
More than two-thirds (68%) of Hispanics are Roman Catholics. The next largest category, at 15%, is made
Chapter 1 Religion and Demography More than two-thirds (68%) of Hispanics are Roman Catholics. The next largest category, at 15%, is made up of born-again or evangelical Protestants. Although their numbers
Statewide Survey of Louisiana Likely Voters on David Duke The University of New Orleans Survey Research Center (SRC) sponsored an automated interactive voice response (IVR) telephone survey of likely Louisiana
Simon Holiday PR Study Final Report OCTOBER Prepared by: Introduction and Methodology Introduction and Methodology The purpose of this study was to evaluate holiday shopping behavior and perceptions for
2016 Annual Relationship, Marriage, and Divorce Survey Final Report 1 The Study These findings are based on a non-probability online sample of data collected using the Research Now panel. Data was collected
2013 Couples Retirement Study Executive Summary: Disconnect between Couples; Women Less Engaged INTRODUCTION The 2013 Fidelity Investments Couples Retirement Study analyzes retirement expectations and
Social & Demographic Trends January 30, 2013 The Sandwich Generation Rising Financial Burdens for Middle-Aged Americans Paul Taylor, Director Kim Parker, Associate Director Eileen Patten, Research Assistant
Consumer Demand for Value-added Subscription Services February 2016 X Table of Contents About the Survey 1 Executive Summary 1 Current Attitudes and Behaviors 3 Hypotheticals 9 Subscription Cancellations
Resident Perceptions of Maryland State Parks: An Analysis of Use, Activities, Goals, and Barriers to Visitation
Resident Perceptions of Maryland State Parks: An Analysis of Use, Activities, Goals, and Barriers to Visitation Submitted to the Maryland Park Service December 2013 1 Table of Contents Authors and About
Brexit: what will it mean for Britain? Findings from British Social Attitudes 2015 British Social Attitudes 33 Brexit: what will it mean for Britain? 2 Brexit: what will it mean for Britain? Findings from
Americans use of Christian Media Survey of 2,252 Americans Commissioned by NRB 2 Methodology The online survey of adult Americans was conducted September 17-18, 2014 A sample of an online panel demographically
Eating More; Enjoying Less EMBARGOED FOR RELEASE APRIL 19, 2006 12:01AM About six-in-ten Americans say they eat more than they should Enjoyment of eating is down most among the overweight Enjoyment of
Mental Health: What Do Parents Think? Joanna Locke, MD, MPH and Michele Eichorn, ACSW, The Jed Foundation Mental health problems are a leading impediment to academic success among college students and,
D.C. Resident and Business Bag Use Surveys Page 1 Resident Survey, January 2013; Business Survey, February April 2013
D.C. Resident and Business Bag Use Surveys Page 1 Background OpinionWorks has completed two representative surveys of District of Columbia residents and businesses for the Alice Ferguson Foundation on
Where there is a will Legal Documents Among The 50+ Population: Findings From an AARP Survey Prepared for AARP Program Development and Services by AARP Research Group Released April 2000 LEGAL DOCUMENTS
Views on the Value of Voluntary Workplace Benefits: Findings from the 2014 Health and Voluntary Workplace Benefits Survey, p. 2
November 2014 Vol. 35, No. 11 Views on the Value of Voluntary Workplace Benefits: Findings from the 2014 Health and Voluntary Workplace Benefits Survey, p. 2 A T A G L A N C E Views on the Value of Voluntary
CANADIANS VIEWS OF BANKS AND LIFE AND HEALTH INSURANCE December 2005 Report Prepared for: by: CANADIANS VIEWS OF BANKS AND LIFE AND HEALTH INSURANCE December 2005 Report Prepared for: by: POLLARA Inc.
1 LESSON PLAN: Preparation Learning Objective Students will learn to differentiate between formal and informal English and the appropriate use of each. Pacing minutes Suggested Readings A Trip of a Lifetime by Achieve3000 Close Call at the Space Station by Achieve3000 Lesson Overview This lesson helps students differentiate the use of formal and informal English. They work in pairs to practice recognizing examples of formal and informal writing. They learn when it is appropriate to use formal and informal language while role-playing these situations. Students listen to and read an interview from a space tourist in the form of a newspaper article. They become familiar with vocabulary associated with space travel and the structural elements of unfamiliar words. Students express an opinion about their own willingness to travel in space and how they would spend $20 million. The lesson is extended by having the students role play a college interview and demonstrate formal and informal speaking in their native languages in order understand the use of nonverbal clues. Do Before Teaching 1. Photocopy and cut out the Sentence Strips: Formal and Informal? in the Lesson Masters section, one for each pair of students. 2. Have student vocabulary journals ready for this lesson. Supplementary Materials and Adaptations Use the following supplementary materials and adaptations to create context and support content concepts for English language learners: Hands-on manipulatives and multimedia (including media in students native languages) Project the website below to provide examples of informal language. ( Explain that the language used in movies is usually informal because it is supposed to show how people talk in real life. Pictures and visuals Project the photo shown below to show a situation where using formal language is important. This picture shows a job interview. Demonstrations Compare the words of Gregory Olsen with the rest of the article. This will give students an opportunity to see how formal and informal language can be used in the same piece of writing. Related Readings (including readings in students native languages) A Mission to Remember Teacher-turned-astronaut Barbara Morgan completed her first mission in space as a tribute to the memory of Christa McAuliffe who was to be the first teacher in space.
2 Teaching Routine Before Reading Introduce Lesson (5-10 minutes) Briefly review the concept of formal and informal language. Explain that formal language is used for important purposes, and informal language is used for everyday purposes. When you talk to your friends, you use informal language. When you go on an interview for a job or for college, you use formal language. Point out that it is important to know when to use each kind of language. Extra Support Read one of the formal and one of the informal sentences out loud using appropriate stress and intonation. Ask a volunteer to read each sentence to reflect whether it is formal or informal. You may find that having more than one student read each sentence improves their understanding of formal versus informal language. Have the students arrange themselves into pairs. Copy and distribute a set of Sentence Strips: Formal or Informal? to each pair. Have the students in each pair take turns reading the sentence strips. Then have them identify which are formal and which are informal. Confirm the student matches. Formal The meeting took place at the mayor s office. The city plans to have a parade on Fourth of July. The plane will arrive shortly. What jobs do you think will interest you? The storm is expected to end by this evening. The bridge will be closed for repairs. Informal So what are you gonna do this weekend? You will so not win the next soccer match. You are out of your mind if you think that will happen. How much dough did you spend on that sweet jacket? The burgers were totally delicious. The movie was a snoozer, so we ditched early. 2
3 Preteach key vocabulary needed for understanding lesson instruction. Use the vocabulary journal process with the terms atmosphere, cosmonaut, experiment, journey, recently, unaffected, and unique. Remind the students that they learned the meaning of the word unique in the previous lesson. You might point out that the beginning of the word, uni, means one; something is unique if it is one of a kind. Display the term journey so that it is visible to all students. Pronounce the term journey and have students repeat it. Point out that this word is used in two ways in the passage they will read. One is as a noun meaning a trip, and the other is as a verb meaning to make a trip. Some other words in English that are like this are find, lock, bill, and paint. Explain the meaning of cosmonaut and its relationship to astronaut. Point out that both words end in naut, which means traveler. The prefix cosmo means universe, and astro means space. Display the remaining vocabulary words. Pronounce the words and have the students say them out loud. These words have complicated pronunciations, so be prepared to clarify the pronunciation of each one. Spend a moment on the structural analysis of unaffected and its relationship to affected. 3
4 Provide Direct Instruction and Modeling (10 minutes) Remind the students that they learned about interviews in the previous lesson. Some students talked to astronauts on the space station. The interview was very informal, and the astronauts were sometimes joking. Ask the students to name some times when they use informal language. You may begin the discussion by explaining when you use informal language. Display the website: html. This page shows the script from the movie Finding Nemo. The beginning of the script contains many examples of informal language. Continue the discussion by mentioning situations in which formal language is necessary. Point out that the most common use of formal language is when people are at work or are interviewing for a job or college admission. Display the website: saidaonline.com/en/newsgfx/job%20interview.jpg. This page shows a situation where formal language is necessary. Another time that people often use formal language is when they are meeting new people. Because you don t know much about these people, you speak a little more formally. Remind the students that this happens in many cultures. Encourage the students to discuss when formal and informal language are used in their native cultures. Project the article A Trip of a Lifetime so it is visible to all the students. Explain that this article is an interview, but it is different from the interview they read in the previous lesson and looks like a newspaper article. Point to the comments of Gregory Olsen that are in quotes. They are relatively informal, which is normal for an interview. Remind the students that the quotes around his words mean they are exactly what he said. Extra Support Be sure the students understand why ISS is in parentheses in the first paragraph. You should also explain that space tourist is in quotes because it is a new expression, not because Olsen said it. Compare the rest of the article, which is relatively formal, with Olsen s words. Explain that the writer of the article combined both formal and informal language. Next, have students follow along silently as you read the interview aloud, modeling fluent reading. After reading, ask the students if they sense the mood of Gregory Olsen from his words. 4
5 During Reading Next, have students complete the 5-Step Literacy Routine with Live From Space. Extra Support Remind students to refer to the bilingual picture dictionary at the bottom of the article as needed. You may find it helpful to read the questions and answer choices aloud before having students answer them. Be sure the students understand the format of Question 1. The 5-Step Literacy Routine 1. Before-reading Poll Brings students prior knowledge into the classroom as they make connections and express opinions about the topic of the day. 2. Article Students derive information from nonfiction articles differentiated to their levels. Repeated exposure to vocabulary and embedded strategy support enables all students to participate in classroom discussions. Access to grade-level text and activities ensure that students have frequent interactions with grade-appropriate complex text. 3. Activity Students demonstrate successful close reading of text by responding to text-dependent questions that require higher-order thinking skills. 4. After-reading Poll All students express their opinions again, based on the reading they did that day, with teachers requiring students to provide evidence for their opinions. Teachers then facilitate discussion and debates in the classroom. 5. Thought Question A critical-thinking activity guides students to write in more formal scenarios with the intent to either argue or inform about a situation or narrate an event. After mastering the concepts at reading-level, students have the opportunity to complete the same Article and Activity at grade level. They can also review their Poll results from both before and after reading and reflect on how their readings and experiences affect the evolution of their opinions. After Reading After Reading Whole-Class Wrap Up (5 10 minutes) When all students have completed the 5-Step Literacy Routine (or at least the first two steps), bring the class together to review the lesson, discuss any questions students have, and provide any reteaching that is needed. Ask the students to explain why Olsen went into space and how he was able to do it. Point out that their answers were probably an example of informal language. Then ask the students to say the same thing in more formal language. You may choose to have the students compose their responses as you write them on the board and edit them into a coherent, formal response. Have students return to their vocabulary journals and indicate their level of understanding for each of the new terms learned in this lesson. 5
6 Lesson Extensions Ask the students to pair up and role play a college interview. Each member of the pair will play the role of the college admissions person and the student. If necessary, provide questions to the students like, Why would you like to come to this college? or What do you think it will be like to be in college? Circulate among the groups to provide them with the help they need to speak in formal language. Ask volunteers to give examples of formal and informal speaking in their native languages along with English translations. Encourage them to use the same facial expressions and body language that they normally would. Point out that the difference between formal and informal language use is more than just words. Facial expressions, body language, and intonation help to set these language forms apart. 6
LESSON PLAN: Preparation Learning Objective Students will learn the difference between primary and secondary sources. Pacing 45 90 minutes Suggested Readings The Galveston Hurricane of 1900: One Story,
Helping English Language Learners Understand Content Area Texts English language learners (ELLs) experience intense problems in content area learning because they have not yet acquired the language proficiency
Presentation Full Details and Transcript Teaching Vocabulary to English Learners April 2007 Topic: Teaching Literacy in English to K-5 English Learners Practice: Teach Vocabulary Highlights Vocabulary
Lesson plan Using film to teach English: teacher notes Topic: Making the most of film in the classroom Level: Entry 1-3 / National 2 4 / CEFR A1 - B1 Time: 90 minutes plus extension material Aims To understand
Week. Literacy. Teacher s Guide Grade K Unit 1. Ask Questions/Identify Main Idea and Supporting Details. Benchmark. Unit 1/Week 1 at a Glance
I start work at 8:0 Unit aims In Unit, students learn about: Saying where you re from Reflecting and reaching Describing readiness Describing schedules Viewpoints: Working hours In business: Describe your
THANK YOU for downloading Unlock Unfamiliar Words that I created FREE for you. In return, I ask that you (1) Have fun! (2) Give me credit for my work if you share. (3) Refer others to my websites www.liketoread.com,
Introduction A variety of resources and a balance of approaches are the key to effective literacy teaching. Connectors is a series of books that use the approach of small group peer learning with the reciprocal
Lesson Objective Vocabulary Reviewed Vocabulary Instructional Materials (Vocabulary) Students will learn to find and interpret context clues to help determine the meaning of unfamiliar words. context clues:
Click and Clunk. Reading Module Click and Clunk. Lesson Objective. Vocabulary. Reviewed Vocabulary Instructional Materials
Lesson Objective Vocabulary Reviewed Vocabulary Instructional Materials (Comprehension) Students will use strategies to monitor their reading comprehension. click and clunk: A during-reading strategy in
Stamford Green Primary School Spanish Curriculum Map September 2014 Contents Page Essential characteristics of linguists Page 3 Aims of the National Curriculum Page 4 Early Years Page 5 Year 1 Expectation
Published on www.standards.dcsf.gov.uk/nationalstrategies 16-Dec-2010 Year 3 Narrative Unit 3 Adventure and mystery Adventure and mystery (4 weeks) This is the third in a block of four narrative units
About Collins series has been designed to be easy to use, whether by learners studying at home on their own or in a classroom with a teacher: Instructions are easy to follow Exercises are carefully arranged
Introduction What is? This guide examines the definition, goals, and instructional design of Good Habits, Great Readers. It also looks at the 5-Day Planner and the components of a lesson for Grades K 3
LESSON PLAN: Preparation Learning Objective Students will learn a previewing strategy and be introduced to the elements of fiction, including characters, plot, setting, and dialogue. Pacing 45 90 minutes
Session One: Increasing Comprehensibility One goal for every teacher working with ELL students is to increase comprehensibility. In other words, to increase understanding or make course content more intelligible.
Curriculum Middle School Multi-sensory Writing Grade Level: 8 th grade Language Arts English Proficiency Level: Early Advanced Objective: The aim of this lesson is for English learners as well as other
Modern foreign languages Programme of study for key stage 3 and attainment targets (This is an extract from The National Curriculum 2007) Crown copyright 2007 Qualifications and Curriculum Authority 2007
listen attentively to spoken language and show understanding by joining in and responding explore the patterns and sounds of language through songs and rhymes and link the spelling, sound and meaning of
LESSON PLAN: Preparation Learning Objective Students will improve their understanding of a News article by learning to make valid inferences. Pacing 45 60 minutes Suggested Readings Found! Old Ship in
Ohio Standards Connection: Government Benchmark A Identify the responsibilities of the branches of the U.S. government and explain why they are necessary. Indicator 2 Explain the structure of local governments
Language Arts Literacy : Grade 8 Mission: Learning to read, write, speak, listen, and view critically, strategically and creatively enables students to discover personal and shared meaning throughout their
LISTENING Standard : Students demonstrate competence in listening as a tool for learning and comprehension. Proficiency Level I: Students at this level are beginning to understand short utterances. They
VOCABULARY and the GED Test Finding ways to expand one s working vocabulary and developing skills to analyze new words are crucial skills for the GED candidate. Many reading stumbling blocks, including
FOCUS STANDARDS Los Angeles Unified School District Grade One How Did Students Have Fun Long Ago? 1.4 Students compare and contrast everyday life in different times and places around the world and recognize
Strategies for Teaching English Language Learners Introduction English Language Learner (ELL) is an umbrella term to describe students for whom English is not the first language. ELLs are not a homogeneous
LESSON PLAN: Preparation Learning Objective Students will learn to distinguish the various pronunciations of the morpheme -ed. They will also learn the associated spelling rules and exceptions. Pacing
Grade 3: Module 3A: Unit 3: Lesson 2 This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Exempt third-party content is indicated by the footer: (name
BURSTED WOOD PRIMARY SCHOOL Year 6 English Medium Term Plans Reading Word Objectives apply their growing knowledge of root words prefixes and suffixes (morphology and etymology), as listed under the spelling
Overall Secondary Philosophy for English Language Learners Many students who enroll in the Dublin City Schools arrive with diverse levels of English Proficiency. Our English Language Learning program exists
TASIS England Summer School TASIS English Language Program (TELP) Description of Levels and TELP Level Descriptions There are 6 levels of instruction, ranging from classes to serve those with very basic
The Languages Ladder Steps to Success The What is it? The development of a national recognition scheme for languages the Languages Ladder is one of three overarching aims of the National Languages Strategy.
Jan/Feb 2007 What Does Research Tell Us About Teaching Reading to English Language Learners? By Suzanne Irujo, ELL Outlook Contributing Writer As a classroom teacher, I was largely ignorant of, and definitely
Bebop Books Guided Reading with Emergent Readers by Jeanne Clidas, Ph.D. What Is Guided Reading? Guided reading involves a small group of children thinking, talking, and reading through a new text with
CHAPTER I INTRODUCTION This chapter deals with the background of the study, the statement of problem, the objective of the study, the scope and limitation of the study, the significance of the study, the
4 The National Strategies Primary The skills-based curriculum for language learning Summary: This section highlights the skills developed and consolidated in the process of learning a new language in speaking,
Teaching paraphrasing to year three (3) and four (4) students exhibiting reading difficulties will lead to increased reading comprehension
Teaching paraphrasing to year three (3) and four (4) students exhibiting reading difficulties will lead to increased reading comprehension Teaching Unit Paraphrasing Grade Level: Grade three and four students
ESL I English as a Second Language I Curriculum ESL Curriculum alignment with NJ English Language Proficiency Standards (Incorporating NJCCCS and WIDA Standards) Revised November, 2011 The ESL program
Benchmarks Literacy and English Draft, August 2016 Education Scotland Guidance on using the Benchmarks for Assessment August 2016 The two key resources which support teachers to plan learning, teaching
The National Literacy Strategy Year 5 Booster Units Unit 1 Persuasive Writing: Animal rights Summary and context The objectives for the three lessons are taken from the text and sentence level strands,
Reading Street and English Language Learners How do you identify English language proficiency levels on Reading Street? How do English language learners (ELLs) differ from other learners? ELLs have varying
English as a Second Language Student Learning Outcomes by Course ESL 2A Conversation and Grammar Level I 1. Demonstrate through face-to-face conversations comprehension of simple words and phrases used
OBJECTIVES During this lesson, student(s) will: The BIG Idea TAKING TESTS. What is the ACT PLAN, and why should I take it?
Expert Subject Advisory Group Modern Foreign Languages Assessment in Modern Foreign Languages in the Primary School The National Curriculum statutory requirement from September 2014 asks Key Stage Two
The Math Expressions Mastery Learning Loop Keeping All Students on the Grade-Level Learning Path by Giving More Time and Support to In-Class Periodic Interventions and Out-of-Class Tier 2 & Tier 3 Follow
Exemplary Planning Commentary: Elementary Literacy! This example commentary is for training purposes only. Copying or replicating responses from this example for use on a portfolio violates TPA policies.
ELPS TELPAS Proficiency Level Descriptors Permission to copy the ELPS TELPAS Proficiency Level Descriptors is hereby extended to Texas school officials and their agents for their exclusive use in determining
Let's Learn English Lesson Plan Introduction: Let's Learn English lesson plans are based on the CALLA approach. See the end of each lesson for more information and resources on teaching with the CALLA
Background to the new Staffordshire Grids The removal of levels for most pupils in 2014-15 and all pupils in 2015-16, has posed a problem for schools in how to assess children s progress in the New National
KINDGERGARTEN READING FOUNDATIONAL SKILLS Print Concepts Follow words from left to right in a text Follow words from top to bottom in a text Know when to turn the page in a book Show spaces between words
Using Lesson Structure and the Language Experience Approach Strategies to Support Low Level Learners Presented by Jesse James Fall 2014 Tutor Institute Mayor s Commission on Literacy Saturday October 25
CHAPTER 3 Catering for different types of learner If students enjoy their English lessons, this can provide powerful motivation. Ensuring that lessons are well paced and contain different kinds of activity
Grade Level: 6 th grade Standard 1: Students will use multiple strategies to read a variety of texts. Grade Level Objective: 1. A.6.1: compare/contrast the differences in fiction and non-fiction text.
W.4.2.1 Contribute to a writer s notebook (i.e., interesting words or phrases, books or experiences that spark an interest, etc.) Northwest Arkansas Instructional Alignment English Language Arts Grade
Published on www.standards.dfes.gov.uk/nationalstrategies 27-Oct-2010 Year 4 Narrative Unit 2 Stories set in imaginary worlds Stories set in imaginary worlds (4 weeks) This is the second of four narrative
4th Grade MELD Lessons Aligned to CCSS Narrative Writing Overview Throughout the course of this writing unit you will see strategies used as part of a Culturally Relevant balanced literacy program. You
Guide to Understanding Scores on the English Language Development Assessment (ELDA) In the spring of 2007, your students took the English Language Development Assessment (ELDA). The enclosed score reports
Grade 1 Reading and Literature Objectives STATE GOAL 1: Reading with understanding and fluency. 1A. Apply word analysis and vocabulary skills to comprehend selections. 1.A.1a Apply word analysis skills
5 CANADIAN LANGUAGE BENCHMARKS Level 5 Speaking 5 Reading 5 I can join in conversations on familiar topics. I am beginning to use longer sentences, but sometimes I hesitate or pause. I know a lot of common,
Technology for English Language Learners PreK Adult A Multisensory Approach to Learning early literacy and mathematics reading to learn becoming Lifelong learners Grades PreK 5 Support for beginning readers
Grade 6: Module 3A: Unit 3: Lesson 9 This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Exempt third-party content is indicated by the footer: (name
Language Arts Literacy : Grade 6 Mission: Learning to read, write, speak, listen, and view critically, strategically and creatively enables students to discover personal and shared meaning throughout their
6 Standard One Reading: Literature The Continuum of Literacy Learning, PreK 8 consists of seven different learning continua and provides a detailed and comprehensive list of behaviors and understandings
Welcome and Introductions Lesson 2 LESSON 2 Thought for the Day Master Lesson Thought for the Day Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. William Butler Yeats Overview: The
Teacher Training Manual for Master Trainers English Class 1 Page 1 of 13 This manual includes: 1. Schedule for teacher training 2. Detailed guide on how to deliver the training including key points for
The Minnesota Literacy Council created this curriculum with funding from the MN Department of Education. We invite you to adapt it for your own classrooms. Beginning Level (CASAS reading scores of 181-200)
English for Teaching 3 course and modules description English for Teaching 3 is a comprehensive training course for in-service L2 teachers of English who need to further develop their English language
Language Arts Literacy : Grade 5 Mission: Learning to read, write, speak, listen, and view critically, strategically and creatively enables students to discover personal and shared meaning throughout their
Chapter 2 - Listening 1. In which step of the listening process do listeners receive aural stimuli? a. hearing b. receiving c. attending d. assigning meaning 2. Which step of the listening process focuses
Free chat rooms connects you cam to cam with strangers. Use our chat rooms for video chatting with strangers instantly. Random video chat is free cam to cam chat with complete strangers from all over the world. We make it easy for you to find random people worldwide instantly. While using our Chatroulette alternative, you get to share your webcam with strangers while also being able to view their webcams. You can immediately go from. Meet new people on Shagle, a free video chat app for live cam to cam chat with strangers.
Chat with Only Girls - Click Here! These will help you to find new match and make new friends instantly. Or how about discovering a new culture? Be polite with strangers just like you would in real life. Video chat with strangers instantly on CamSurf. Our random video chat site makes it easy to meet new people around the world! Meet new people on Shagle, a free video chat app for live cam to cam chat with strangers. ChatRoulette Alternative forestspirit.eu is a free random video chat room website.
You can easily connect with someone local by choosing a country from dropdown box at the top of the platform. Otherwise, you will scare off most people. Your password has been changed successfully.
adawe: adverb Out of existence. Only in to do (also bring) (a person) adawe: to put (a person) to death; to do away with, kill OED
aknow: verb (1.) Obs. (Eng. regional (north.) in later use). trans. To know, recognize; to come to know, understand. Dictionary of the Scots Language
appeal: verb (1c) To accuse of a heinous crime whereby the accuser has received personal injury or wrong, for which he demands reparation OED
bee: noun (2) 1. A ring or torque of metal, usually meant for the arm or neck; but in one case at least used of a finger-ring. Obs. OED
beetle: noun1 1. a. An implement consisting of a heavy weight or ‘head,’ usually of wood, with a handle or stock, used for driving wedges or pegs, ramming down paving stones, or for crushing, bruising, beating, flattening, or smoothing, in various industrial and domestic operations, and having various shapes according to the purpose for which it is used; a mall OED
begouth: verb (1.) pa.t. of begin, also used as pa.p. Gen.Sc. for Eng. began Dictionary of the Scots Language
betony: noun prop. A plant (Stachys betonica) of the Labiate order, having spiked purple flowers and ovate crenate leaves. In former days medicinal and magical virtues were attributed to it OED
belimp: verb (2.) To happen, occur, befall. Freq. with person as indirect object. (In Old English with dative of person). Also with to. OED
bill: noun (1) A weapon of war mentioned in Old English poetry, a kind of broadsword, a falchion OED
biren: verb [OE ge)byrian, & cp. OI byrja. In ME this verb, a synonym of bihoōven, occurs almost exclusively in the NM and the N, and only in the 3rd person.] 1b. With personal subj.: (a) to be under obligation, be in duty bound (to do sth.), ought (to do) MED
busk: noun (1a) =BUSH: A woods, grove; thicket, underbrush; bank and ~, hill and (wooded) dale; under the ~, in (the shelter of) the woods; (b) rank growth MED
busk: verb (1) Now rare (Sc., Irish English, and Eng. regional (north.) in later use). I. To prepare, and related senses. 1. a. trans. (refl.). To prepare or equip oneself; to make oneself ready. OED
derken: verb (5, 6) 5 (a) Of eyes: to become blurred or blind; also fig.; (b) of a person, the mind: to grow confused or befuddled; 6 (a) To keep or lie still (as if in darkness or hiding); linger apprehensively; (b) to lie in wait, lurk MED
drechen: verb (1) To injure (sb.), wrong, kill; damage (sth.), destroy; oppress (people, a country); afflict, torment, torture; ~ abrod, to scatter (an army) in defeat; (b) to disturb (sb.), trouble, annoy; grieve (sb.), frighten; of care, disease, love, sin, etc.: distress (sb.); (c) to lower (oneself), debase; (d) to delude (sb.), fool; (e) to speculate, ?worry about something MED
eadi: adjective (2) Happy, fortunate, well-omened. Also, Blessed, saintly; said of persons and their actions OED
ender: adjective Only in phrase, this ender day, night, year, indicating a day, etc. recently past OED
fallow: adjective1 1. Of a pale brownish or reddish yellow colour, as withered grass or leaves. Obs. exc. of the coat of an animal; now chiefly in FALLOW-DEER n. OED
fond: verb [FAND | FOND] trans. To put to the proof, try, test (a person or thing); to make trial of (one’s strength, skill); to taste (food, etc.); in early use with gen. OED
frith: noun (2) With uncertain meaning, denoting a wood of some kind, or wooded country collectively, esp. in poet. phrases associated with fell, field OED
hayward: noun An officer of a manor, township, or parish, having charge of the fences and enclosures, esp. to keep cattle from breaking through from the common into enclosed fields; sometimes, the herdsman of the cattle feeding on the common OED
hidels: noun (a) A secret place, hiding place; refuge; also, a hollow in a stalk of grain; (b) in (on) ~, in secrecy, in private, secretly; putten into ~, to conceal (sb.); (c) ~ place, hidden place MED
hinder: adj.1 and noun.2 A. adj.1 1. Situated behind, at the back, or in the rear; posterior. (Notwithstanding its comparative form, it does not differ in sense from hind, but is more frequently used. Cf. YON adv., YONDER adv., adj., pron., and n.) hinder gate, postern gate. 2. Of time. a. Last past, ‘last’; as in this hinder day yesterday, this hinder night last night, yesternight. OED
i-long: adjective adj., Situated behind, at the back, or in the rear; posterior. (Notwithstanding its comparative form, it does not differ in sense from hind, but is more frequently used) OED
keach: verb trans. To take up (water, etc.) with a shallow vessel; to scoop up, ladle out: = CLEACH v. 3 OED
lease: verb (1) trans. and intr. To glean. †Also with up. (In Old English used in wider sense: to gather, collect.) OED
leam: noun Now Sc. and north. dial. Light, flame; a flash, ray, or gleam of light; brightness, gleam OED
menskful: adjective (and noun) Worshipful, honourable; gracious, beautiful. Of a building: stately OED
mind: noun1 I. Senses relating to memory. 1. The state of being remembered; remembrance, recollection. Chiefly in phrases OED
mum: noun (a) Mouth; maugre his ~, in spite of himself; ~ pin, a tooth; (b) mouth of a river, only in place names [see Smith PNElem. 2.45]; (c)?as surname MED
nithing: noun and adjective Now arch. and hist. 1. A coward, a villain; a person who breaks the law or a code of honour; an outlaw. †2. A mean or niggardly person; a miser. Obs. OED
ocker: noun Usu. derogatory. Obs. Chiefly Sc. in later use. The lending of money at (excessive) interest, usury; interest gained from this OED
palatine: adjective Originally: designating a county or other territory in England (and later other countries) as having a ruler with royal privileges and judicial authority (within the territory) which elsewhere belong to the sovereign alone (now hist.). Later: designating a modern administrative area corresponding to this OED
pease: verb (1a.) trans. To make peace between or reconcile (two or more persons); to reconcile (one person) with another OED
pine: noun (1.) Punishment; torment, torture, suffering or loss inflicted as punishment; persecution; spec. a punishment suffered in hell or purgatory; = PAIN n.1 1, 2. Obs. (Sc. in later use.) OED
prest: noun (1.) A payment or wages in advance; money paid on account to enable a person to proceed with an undertaking OED
quhirl: noun a. lit. and fig. A (rapid) turn, revolution or rotatory motion, as of a wheel; b. A swift or violent whirling motion, as of wind or water Dictionary of the Scots Language
rax: verb intr. To stretch oneself, esp. on waking from sleep or as a preliminary to further action; to rouse, stir oneself. Also: to yawn (obs.) OED
rice: noun1 Now chiefly Brit. regional and Irish English (north.). 1. collect. Twigs or small branches growing on trees or bushes; dense growth of bushes; brushwood, thicket. Now Sc. (chiefly Orkney) and rare OED
sand: noun Obs. 1. a. The action of sending; that which is sent, a message, present; (God’s) dispensation or ordinance OED
saught: noun Obs. (since 14th c. only Sc. and north.). 1. An agreement, covenant; 2. Agreement, freedom from strife, peace OED
shavaldour: noun [Aberrant form of chevale macronr n., perh. influenced by a local var. or surname in the north of England, which may also have produced AL schavaldor.] A wanderer, vagabond; also, a gentleman robber near the Scottish border; ?also, a minstrel or entertainer; (b) as surname MED
simnel: noun (1.) A loaf or bun made of fine flour, usu. lighter than wastel; bread of this kind; ~ horn, ~ with the horn, ?a loaf of this bread made with pointed ends or corners; ferthing ~, a loaf of this bread worth one farthing; (b) ~ silver, ?money paid for transporting bread of this kind; (c) in surnames MED
souse: noun (1a) Various parts of a pig or other animal, esp. the feet and ears, prepared or preserved for food by means of pickling OED
spelen: verb (a) To save, hoard; save (sth.), refrain from using or consuming; ~ stounde, fail to use (an opportunity); ~ wrecche men, save (sth.) for the poor; (b) to refrain from inflicting injury or punishment (on sb.); spare (sb.) pain or suffering; save (sb. from death or pain); also, give (sb.) respite or reprieve; ~ to, spare (sb. from sins); (c) to relieve (a disagreeable situation) MED
stound: verb trans. To stun as with a blow; to stupefy, benumb; to stupefy with astonishment, bewilder OED
sty: verb (1) intr. To ascend, mount up, rise or climb to a higher level. Said of persons and things OED
syne: adv. and conj. Directly or next after that; at the next moment; immediately afterwards; then, thereupon; = SINCE adv. 1 OED
tent: noun (2.) Attention, heed, care; nearly always in the phrases give tent, to give heed, pay attention (obs.), and take tent, to take heed, take care; with to, to pay attention to, take heed to OED
thir: demonstrative adjective (1.) Qualifying a plural noun or singular nouns indicating something physically present or near or something which has already been or is about to be mentioned: THESE Dictionary of the Scots Language
traist: verb Sc. and north. Obs. 1. trans. To make secure or safe, to commit in trust; hence refl. to commit oneself with security or confidence, to trust, = sense 2 OED
ure: noun (1) in ure: In or into use, practice, or performance. Often with vbs., as bring, come, have, and esp. put (freq. c1510–1630) OED
we: pronoun In indefinite usages, often in statements relating to the human condition generally: (2a) we, one, people, everybody; also used conventionally in prayers, carols, etc. MED
ween: verb Obs. exc. arch. 1. trans. In regard to what is present or past: To think, surmise, suppose, conceive, believe, consider. In Middle English often with well OED
weir: noun 1. Warfare. a. A state or period of hostilities and combat existing between political groups, esp. realms or nations; also, specif. the warlike activity appropriate to knights, and also sometimes applied to the skills involved (see (3) below and cf. some quots. in 2 (1)). b. Hostilities, strife, etc. between (groups of) individuals pursuing private enmities. Dictionary of the Scots Language
wothe: noun and adjective Obs. A. n. The condition of being exposed to or liable to injury or harm; danger, peril; hurt or harm; a cause of harm or injury OED
wray: verb1 Obs. 1. a. To accuse, denounce, or inform on (a person); to expose (one) by revealing or divulging information, etc., to one’s harm, prejudice, or discredit; to charge with a crime, offence, fault, etc.; = BEWRAY v. 2. OED
Busty thai Leili Yang goes black. Black dong gets nibbled by an Asian slut. No email address is attached to my account. Cute Kiwi Ling shows her ass and then gets drilled by big black cock.
Cute pigtailed Asian nailed in the big black cock. This pretty gf is trying to be a professional sucker for me. Brunette Kitty Langdon blows his big black cock and rides it. My Asian Wife enjoys a Big Black cock.
Report this video as Inappropriate. Sporty blonde loves huge black dick. Aimi gets ball in mouth during interracial fr.
Asian slut sucks and fuck. Two skinny chicks share one big black cock. Asian wife fucks a big black dick.
Yes, I have a clan atm, but now when army ended for me and I have little bit too much time in me hands I am looking for place where further improve and play bit more serious and often than I am now. I have lead t6 strongholds with success and have all the needed needed tanks for clanwars and if not, I can get em fast. Finnish clans don't bother, English speaking is what i am looking for.
Our community consists of a group of clans on the EU and NA servers, including the popular WoT University and Havoc clans, all of which are under the leadership of Sir_Havoc.
Havoc X is for those who not only want to learn how to improve and have fun, but who want to be more invloved in team play. Platoons, strongholds, team battles and clan wars.
Team play – Take part in team based modes, solo players would be more suited to one of our other clans
sure, pop on and an officer will talk to you. If I'm on just poke me or open chat and I will talk with you
Do you know what would be a great idea, if wargaming would put in bots in the training room so you could grab your tiger 2 and vs a full team of shermans!!! You know how when you first start the game (if you started playing blitz since the beginning you wont understand this) your in a battle full with bots that sorda move but kinda dont. They should have an option where you can make any tank with any upgrades spwan either on your team or on the enamy team it be a great idea because then you can practtice killing the crew of a tank or ammo racking it. Or for example i make alot of WWII training rooms but we ndver have near enough people, so we could add bots to fill out the team or even spectate a bot battle, i think this is a great idea and wargaming should try it. It would help people experience much more fun and low experienced players could practice on thier own if they wished. I think wargaming should really cosider this idea. It would be great!!!
How can you tell if someone has morals and/or a conscience? Just ask one question, Do they own a Pz II J? (Guilty as charged)
still no reason to be a tool about it. I think bots in training room would be a great idea. It can help you work on being spotted, spotting, aiming and a bunch more. I've wished for this for a while now.
stop giving WG these kind of greedy ideas lol. I think free bots would be worth it. I wouldn't pay gold for it. If I had to pay gold then I would just rather have a clan mate help me out instead.
Other than that, the first 2 battes when we start the game (during the tutorial) was, after all, filled with bots. I could even see an offline mode where we could just screw around. It seems within reach to say the least.
a joke exploiting the different possible meanings of a word or the fact that there are words that sound alike but have different meanings.
This isn't a pun but rather a play on words. Don't try to correct others when you are wrong yourself.
I’m sampling the retiree life, of Blitz, not sure if I’ll be returning, but thanks for all of your advice and fun.
By accessing “Mongoose Publishing” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “Mongoose Publishing”, “http://forum.mongoosepublishing.com”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “Mongoose Publishing”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “Mongoose Publishing” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “Mongoose Publishing” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “Mongoose Publishing” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “Mongoose Publishing” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
The vBulletin CMS allows you and your users to create, edit and publish articles directly to your site. It combines a simple to use content manager with a unique organizational system that lets you control the smallest detail of the site from the number of sections, to the overall layout, to the placement of widgets and displays on each page.
The Blog system gives you your own personal space at Mubomtan.com Phiên Bản Season 7.0.4. Depending on how the administrator has configured the blog, you will be able to create your own entries and control who may view them.
was established in early 2002. It is a boutique law firm, specializing in specific areas of law, namely, capital market and securities, banking and finance, energy and resources, corporate and commercial, since August 2010, labor and environmental law.
EYP's partners and associates graduated from reputable law schools in Indonesia and have undertaken extensive in-house and external legal training. Our lawyers are energetic and business minded. They are distinguished by their intellectual approach, united by their uncompromising standards and commitment to excellence. They are experienced in acting on sophisticated transactions and dealing with the practical problems faced by both local and multinational clients.
Our aim is to accommodate and support our clients' business interests proactively and in the most efficient and effective ways possible, complying with the prevailing laws and regulations in Indonesia.
It’s absolutely wonderful if the name Jesus is sweet to your ears. If it is offensive, or off-putting, I can make no apologies. Y’Shua will work. That’s the original Hebrew, if you like. It was and remains the name of the only begotten Son of God, and someday every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that He is Lord. So let this be a litmus test for your heart condition. In the privacy of this reading, if this name offends you like no other name offends you, I suggest you question why, and that you do something about it.
If you believe in a God who admires those who would ask Him honest and sincere questions, stop and pray, and ask about this Man called Jesus, whose very name offends you.
If you don’t believe in God, then there ought to be no offense at all. After all, you have chosen to visit this website. Perhaps you should read on, with an open heart and mind.
1. It is wise for my name not to be on this site, for Kingdom purposes. Nothing fishy, I promise. If comment posting is up and running (I am debating), and if you post anything (and you know me) please don’t use my name, or my wife’s name, initials, stuff like that. I am truly not that big a deal – that knowing me by name means anything at all. Know Jesus. Ya-da – Hebrew for “knowing” escalates to a level of intimacy akin to Abraham knowing his wife Sarah. Know Jesus.
2. The purpose of this site is a place for my thoughts, teachings, etc. I’ve been asked and encouraged by many folks to start something like this. If commenting does remain in place, know that I am good with discussions, but not with arguing. I appreciate that godly folks can prayerfully read particular scriptures and come away with varying conclusions. I believe some of that has to do with the delightful and mystifying and majestic plans of the Creator, Who creatively anointed His servants to pen His revealed Word. And I do not think differing opinions and conclusions need be confusing, unless such results contradict the personality of God revealed through the entirety of His Word – in which case those opinions are suspect.
That said, I am not interested in opinions about doctrine that have little or no Scripture to support the position. That is a waste of time for all parties. Personally, I’ve had to modify, change, abandon and adjust my doctrines and beliefs over time, as I’ve learned my Bible, and learned by revelation that has coordinated with my learning from the Bible. In the end (and in the beginning and middle as well, for that matter), it really doesn’t matter what you’ve been taught. What matters is what the Word says. We are all personally accountable to discover that. In fact, the only person to whom what you’ve been taught really matters, is the person who taught you. He/she is extremely responsible for that position:
19 “Whoever therefore breaks one of the least of these commandments, and teaches men so, shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven; but whoever does and teaches them, he shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.
I am a believer in Jesus - that He is the One and Only Messiah of the world. I believe the Bible is the perfect and complete Word of God, and that God is absolutely competent and capable of keeping His Word perfect, undefiled, and uncorrupted. Jesus was born Jewish. So was I. He lived a perfect life, and is worshiped. I live an imperfect life, and I worship Him.
This entry was posted in Everything, God's Word, Jesus, Personal Relationship, Prayer, Understanding & Knowing God. Bookmark the permalink.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 June 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 July 2017 June 2017 April 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012
Whether you want to make someone fall in love with you for the first time, or all over again, the answer may be closer than you think: a date on the water. A new survey conducted among men and women currently in relationships on behalf of the Recreational Boating & Fishing Foundation’s (RBFF) Take Me Fishing campaign reveals that two-thirds of couples have gone fishing or boating with
It took a while for the message to sink in. I have to say my Mom might not be the most spontaneous of people, but only because she wants to have everything planned out in her head before she starts something. So a month later she decided that she had an idea (or she listened to my nagging that she shouldn’t think so much (or she finally got tired of my nagging (I don’t know))), and her blog was born.
So here and now, I am proud to present my Mother’s blog. I have said before that my Mom is the best homemaker I know. She sews, she cooks, she decorates, she is crafty, she has five kids, she has been married over 20 years. She knows everything. And now she is about to reveal her secrets and experience with the world.
¡¡¡¡ÖÐÐÂÉç±±¾©3ÔÂ17ÈÕµç È«¹úÁ½»á±»ÊÓÎª¹Û²ìÖÐ¹úÍâ½»¡°·çÏò±ê¡±µÄÖØÒª´°¿Ú£¬ÖÐ¹úµÄÍâ½»ÀíÄîºÍ¶ÔÍâÕþ²ß±¸ÊÜÍâ½ç¹Ø×¢¡£Á¬ÈÕÀ´£¬º£Íâ»ªÎÄÃ½Ìå·×·×´Ó¸÷¸ö½Ç¶ÈÇÐÈë£¬¶àÎ¬¶È·ÖÎöÖÐ¹úÍâ½»Õþ²ß×ßÏò£¬µãÔÞÖÐ¹úµÄ´ó¹úµ£µ±¡£
An amazing television with £270 off today only on Amazon UK A masterpiece for the masses. This LG 55UJ630V UHD …
french style dresser shabby chic unique blue nightstands white farmhouse vintage high resolution dressers uk.
french style dresser luxury makeup dressing table with mirror vanity set in dressers from furniture on group country.
french style dresser country white cabinet handles provincial with mirror pulls antique vista furniture kitchen.
french style dresser dressers chalk paint furniture provincial makeovers photography i love for sale how to refinish.
french style dresser bedroom ivory white dressing table in dressers from furniture on group how to refinish provincial.
french style dresser furniture smartness design antique dressers with mirror console and interesting kitchen.
Profitez d’une matinée ou d’une soirée pour vivre au rythme de la nature, goûtez aux joies du bain chaud en plein air dans la plus pure tradition scandinave : une expérience à part ! Un poêle chauffe l’eau de votre bain à 39°. Pas de moteur, pas de bruit et écologique. Agréable à utiliser été comme hiver, le bonheur pour tous, petits et grands !
The eye can be examined with relative ease as to both its function and its structure. A practical assessment includes the capability to relocate the orbit and the reaction of the pupil to light and accommodation.
The function of the eye may be checked in a number of ways. The client might be asked to determine illuminated letter or things of varying sizes on what is called the Snellen chart.
Conversely, the evaluation of the structural part of the eye may be made in a number of ways. Stress within the eyeball is determined by a "tonometer." In specific diseases, particularly in glaucoma, the stress in the eyeball is increased markedly.
Nevertheless, it ought to be well kept in mind that a client with an eye issue may have other issues too. Typically other physical conditions are primary and affect the eye as a effect. The appearance of the eye can notify the client and the physician to difficulties in some disturbances of other parts of the body even prior to other signs present themselves.
One's dependence on sight is stressed when one faces a possible or short-term long-term loss of this vital sense. For this reason, when restorative steps are looked for, certain types of vision correction such as contact lenses or spectacles are recommended.
On the other hand, some people are troubled with the fact that they have some framed lenses or contact lenses in front of their eyes.
For this factor, advanced surgeries were established to motivate reduced utilization of contact lenses or glasses. One of which is the now popular LASIK eye surgery.
Generally, LASIK eye surgery is the short-term for "Laser-Assisted In Situ Keratomileusis." Like its concrete counterpart, LASIK eye surgical treatment is another form of vision correction. The only distinction is that with this kind of surgery, one's vision is remedied completely.
The primary function of this surgical treatment is to develop a threadlike, rounded "flap" in the cornea using a blade referred to as "microkeratome." In a series of unfolding and laser processing, the cornea is lastly reformed, permitting better the eye to direct more light into the retina.
In the middle of the growing appeal of LASIK eye surgical treatment, there are still disadvantages that people must understand. Most likely, the primary reason that this type of eye surgery has ended up being well accepted is because the majority of its cases had actually achieved success.
Due to the fact that LASIK eye surgical treatment involves the operation of the retina, which is among the most sensitive portions of the eye, the majority of people say that the operation can be extremely risky.
Simply puts, a easy error might nearly click trigger an person's life time loss of sight. It is crucial to consider lots of aspects before choosing whether LASIK eye surgical treatment is the right corrective measure one has to go through.
LASIK eye surgery might remedy your vision but it does not always suggest that it can provide you a ideal vision. Even if statistical reports reveal that 70% of the patients might have 20/20 vision, this does not necessarily indicate they have ideal vision.
Offered all these things, it can be deduced that, in spite of the appeal of the operation, LASIK might not always be the ideal eye surgery the method the majority of people view it
Conversely, the assessment of the structural part of the eye might be made in several ways. It needs to be well kept in mind that a client with an eye problem may have other problems. Typically other physical conditions are main and impact the eye as a effect. The look of the eye can signal the physician and the patient to difficulties in some disruptions of other parts of the body even prior to other signs present themselves.
The size of Yorkshire Terriers is one of the advantages that they have which people prefer. Handling the Yorkshire Terriers is so much easier because of their small size as compared to big dogs. The benefit of the small size is that it makes the pet much easier to handle as you walk around with them and you can even easily carry them as compared to big dogs. This therefore makes it easier for people of any age, whether young or old, to keep them and handle them easily. If you are therefore looking for a pet that you can easily handle, walk around with and do whatever you like to do, then you should consider having a Yorkshire terrier.
The second benefit that should make you consider acquiring Yorkshire Terriers is that you would get very good companionship from them. Yorkshire Terriers offer so much love that draws people to them. There is no moment that you will be low when you have Yorkshire Terriers in the house because of how much entertainment they cause in the house and in addition to their unwavering loyalty. Other types of pets will only remain to be pets but with a Yorkshire terrier you will have a great friend too.
The intelligence of the Yorkshire Terriers is additionally one of the biggest attractions of people. Among the many types of animals that you can consider having a pet and even within the dog family is the Yorkshire Terriers. Because of this intelligence, you will not have a hard time training your Yorkshire Terriers to stay in the house and use the potty. The Yorkshire Terriers are therefore your best option if you want a pet that are easily attainable and will take less time before they can adapt.
Two Person Hot Tub Strawberry Two Person Hot Tub Volt Portable Hot Tub Loading Zoom Home Interior Products Online – yozh.me
EZOffice began operations as a manufacturer of adjustable keyboard drawers and other ergonomic products for today’s modern office. EZOffice is a subsidiary of renowned hardware and ergonomic manufacturer, Weber Knapp, located in the United States, who provides the engineering expertise that goes into EZOffice products.
In 1998 EZOffice began operations as a manufacturer of adjustable keyboards and drawers and other ergonomic products for today’s modern office. EZOffice is a subsidiary of renowned hardware and ergonomic manufacturer located in the United States, who provides the engineering expertise that goes into EZOffice products. Our manufacturing facilities and offices are located in the Ta Fa Industrial Park, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
EZOffice products can help to position a computer keyboard in such a manner it will help to reduce/eliminate RSI(repetitive strain injuries) that goes along with hours of computer keyboard use. EZOffice’s keyboard mechanisms allows the human body to achieve a natural or neutral position while using a computer keyboard. EZOffice ergonomic adjustments include: adjustment for height positioning of keyboard above the floor; tilt angle and rotational adjustment of the keyboard platform relative to the desktop surface; and focal-length adjustment which permits the user to position themselves at the correct vision distance from the computer monitor screen.
EZOffice products are designed to improve the keyboard user’s comfort, which can result in improved workplace productivity.
EZOffice specializes in the manufacture of adjustable keyboard mechanisms and tray sets. Our designs are original and can be traced through U.S. patent filings back to the Weber Knapp Company. EZOffice products are BIFMA rated and letters of BIFMA certifications are available upon request. Weber Knapp Company. is a member of BIFMA (Business & Institution Furniture Manufacturer’s Association) which is an organization in the United States that specifies the minimum construction standards for commercial office furniture and accessories.
EZOffice products have been designed to improve a computer users’ comfort, which can result in improved workplace productivity.
DESCRIPTION: The Project proposes to subdivide 36.911 acres into a 23-lot single-family residential cluster. Approximately 27.5+/- ac. will be preserved as permanently protected open space.
STATUS: The DRI public hearing was opened for procedural purposes on 07/02/15. On 08/03/15, the application was deemed sufficient to proceed to a public hearing. A subcommittee public hearing was held 08/27/15 and continued to 09/10/15, when a vote to recommend the project to the full commission was taken. The full Commission voted to approve the application, with conditions, on 09/27/15.
DESCRIPTION: The Town of Mashpee’s Comprehensive Wastewater & Nitrogen Management Plan proposes a comprehensive wastewater and nitrogen management plan for the town, intended to achieve reductions in wastewater nitrogen loading and compliance with the overall TMDL’s for nitrogen loading to the town’s coastal embayments including to Popponesset and Waquoit Bays.
STATUS: MEPA Certificate on FEIR issued July 31, 2015. The first CCC DRI hearing was held 07/14/15, and the DRI public hearing period was extended to November 20, 2015. A Development of Regional Impact (DRI) hearing is scheduled for Nov. 10, 2015.
DESCRIPTION: Proposed hotel containing 110 units. Associated site improvements include paved parking, driveway and pedestrian areas, landscaped areas, outdoor amenities for hotel guests, a stormwater management system, and site utilities.
STATUS: Limited DRI review. Subcommittee hearings held 05/26/15, 06/15/15, 06/30/15, 07/09/15, 07/23/15 and08/06/15. On 08/06/15 the subcommittee voted to recommend a draft decision approving the project with conditions to the full Commission. The Commission held a public hearing on 08/20/15 to consider adoption of the subcommittee’s recommended decision. On 09/03/15, the full Commission voted against adopting the subcommittee’s recommended decision, voted that the project’s probable benefit was not greater than its probable detriment, and instructed staff to prepare a decision denying the project. The full Commission voted to adopt the decision denying the project at its meeting on 09/17/15. This decision is currently under court appeal.
DESCRIPTION: 90-foot high multi-user monopole type communications tower and associated improvements.
STATUS: The DRI public hearing was opened for procedural purposes on 08/07/15. On 08/11/15, the application was deemed sufficient to proceed to a public hearing. A substantive public hearing was held 09/08/15, and continued. At the 09/22/15 continued hearing, the subcommittee recommended approval and continued the hearing to the 10/01/15 meeting of the full Commission. The Commission approved the project, subject to conditions.
Project files are available for review in the Project Files section of the Cape Cod Commission website (http://www.capecodcommission.org/projects/)
DESCRIPTION: The project consists of 12 infrastructure elements to improve safety and security at the Airport, in keeping with FAA requirements. DRI and hardship exemption approval is sought.
STATUS: A substantive DRI hearing on the application was held Nov. 4, 2015 before a hearing officer at Provincetown Town Hall. A draft decision is available for review, along with all other project files, in the Project Files section of the Cape Cod Commission website (http://www.capecodcommission.org/projects/)
DESCRIPTION: Project site is 56 acres +/- off Cotuit and Quaker Meetinghouse Roads in East Sandwich, which is currently owned by the town, and for which the Applicant has a purchase and sale agreement with the town. The Applicant is seeking a Development Agreement to construct a sports and convention complex in the town of Sandwich including several playing fields, gymnasium, field house, ice rink, natatorium, wastewater treatment facility, two hotels, a retail building and parking.
STATUS: By positive vote on 05/28/15, the Commission determined that the Project is appropriate for consideration under a Development Agreement. The Applicant may file a Development Agreement Application within one year of the vote (by 05/28/16), pending certification of the Project under the Massachusetts Environmental Policy Act.
DESCRIPTION: An additional 4,900 square feet of retail display space was proposed to be added to the existing 79,995 square feet occupied by Home Depot at its present location.
DESCRIPTION: Request by DPF Mashpee LLC to extend the time to obtain local permits for under the DRI decision for South Cape Village. The DRI decision allows for construction of 160,000 square feet of shopping center space.
Love this one from MixItUpBoy. I do wish I was in cute Batboy’s situasion, and also I wish I had him 😉
Tres amigos from MixItUpBoy just chillin hangin out in Chi Town all horny as hell. Flamez and Xavier find themselves a homie in Batboy to take on their big ass dicks. He just loves getting sandwiched between all that uncut pipe. Xavier and Flamez are just flippin him around non stop, every hole gets stuffed til they say their done with Batboy!
Got a new Recto, it is the version before the switchable 50/100 watt model. It has MESA STR 430 which i believe are the Sovtek 6L6WXT.
I like the Tungsol 6L6. Does MESA make those or can i just buy a non-MESA matched quad for my Recto ?
Sure. The quad doesn't even have to be a four tube match. Just as long as each PAIR is matched. Inner pair matched, outer pair matched.
I have a Compu-bias meter i hooked up. In tube Rec mode {spongy} the output was only about 3 watts with around 300 volts on the plates.
The schematic says 472 volts on the plates. Being just 10 volts off (diode rectifiers) is only about 2 percent under spec. I'd call that good.
But the tube rectifier output...that seems rather low. Are they all running? All putting out even amounts of heat?
Yes they were all lit up. One pair of 6L6's was older than the other. IDK if that has anything to do with it.
Well, I'm not going to do it tonight, but I have a pair of triple recto solo heads and I'll crack one (or both) of them open and meter out the voltage in tube rectifier mode and let you know what it is. (diode and tube voltages both.)
I customized the knobs on the lower unit. Mesa had them, but I had to turn each pot upside down for them to fit right.
So got to hang out in Obeids Amp Dungeon this morn, he modded my MESA parallel loop to series, sounds soooo much better. All my effects sound the way theyre suppose to.
He had old Marshall & old Pre Rola cabs all over the place, in the amp Lab chassis's everywhere. I saw 2 of Richard Fortus' amps a Plexi Super PA 100 watt & a 50 watt Super Trem JMP being modded. Fortus is a member of GnR and lives here in town. It was totally cool. thanks to Mr. Khan !!!
Leg avenue womenu royal knightess costume sc st candy apple costumes also rh candyapplecostumes com and leg avenue women royal knightess costume
Cross yuki academy female day class uniform costume sc st anime shop also vampire rh animeshop com and ffffff fe ca
By far my favorite set of costumes this year are the Arkham Knight ones. They managed to perfectly capture that grittiness that youu0027d expect from these ... sc 1 st Giant Freakin Robot
By far my favorite set of costumes this year are the arkham knight ones they managed to perfectly capture that grittiness youu expect from these sc st giant freakin robot also best halloween costumes for sci fi fans rh giantfreakinrobot com and arkhamcostumes
Enchanted forest huntress deluxe womens costume from dark knight armoury sc st pinterest also in by rh pinterest ca and efc bf cd cd dc
sc st china cart also chinese ancient swordswoman costume female knight costumes complete set rh china cart com and
I downloaded one of the simulations in its entirety but I’m having some trouble unzipping the file. I’m on a Mac.
This page describes the physics and setup of the simulations, and the types of data that can be found in the catalog.
The galaxy cluster simulation data presented here comes from state-of-the-art N-body and hydrodynamics codes such as FLASH, Athena, and ART. The exact physics and algorithms employed by the simulations vary, but in general:
Each simulation is simulated using an adaptive or static mesh refinement (AMR/SMR) grid (Berger and Colella 1989), with varying resolution throughout the domain, with refinement occuring on criteria such as a) sharp jumps in density and temperature, b) matter density, and c) selected regions such as the cluster center. Eventually, the catalog will include particle-based simulations as well.
The equations of hydrodynamics or magnetohydrodynamics are modeled using a conservative finite-volume scheme, employing Riemann solvers for evolving the flux of physical quantities and using high-order reconstruction schemes such as PPM (Colella & Woodward 1984). Magnetic fields are evolved such that the condition \(\nabla \cdot \bf{B} = 0\) is met, typically by a constrained transport scheme (CT, Evans & Hawley 1988). Eventually, the catalog will include simulations peformed with smoothed particle hydrodynamics.
Each simulation assumes an ideal gas law equation of state with \(\gamma = 5/3\) and primordial abundances of H/He with trace amounts of metals, yielding a mean molecular weight of \(\mu = 0.6\).
If dark matter is included, it is modeled by an N-body solver for a collection of collisionless massive particles, which interact with the gas component only via gravity.
The gravity in the simulations is either modeled as a rigid gravitational potential associated with each cluster or by computing the self-gravity of the gas and dark matter using a Poisson solver (e.g., Ricker 2008).
Depending on the goals of the simulation study, other physics, such as viscosity, thermal conduction, radiative cooling, etc., may be included.
More information on the particular physical and algorithmic characteristics of the simulations can be found in the accompanying papers, the links to which are given on each simulation set’s page.
The simulations presented here are of a number of different types. We describe each of these types in turn.
In these simulations, the two galaxy clusters are set up as two spherically symmetric, self-gravitating collections of gas and dark matter. The thermodynamic gas profiles are set up in hydrostatic equilibrium with the gravitational potential defined by both the dark matter and the gas mass. The dark matter particle radii and speeds are set up such that the dark matter is in virial equilibrium with the gravitational potential defined by both the dark matter and the gas mass. The particle position vectors are set assuming spherical symmetry, and the velocity vectors are set assuming isotropy.
The two clusters are situated in a large simulation domain, separated by a distance that is typically on the order of the sum of their virial radii. They are given a relative velocity such that the clusters are moving toward each other at the beginning of the simulation. They may or may not be on a bound orbit, and the impact parameter may be nonzero.
If a magnetic field is included in the simulation, it is typically set up as a turbulent, tangled field with using a power spectrum of fluctuations with minimum and maximum length scales. The field strength is such that the magnetic pressure is a small fraction of the thermal pressure, and the average strength of the magnetic field declines with radius from the cluster center.
The specific details of the simulations, including the initial radial profiles of the gas and dark matter, the initial masses, bulk velocities, and impact parameters, and other information can be found in the accompanying papers, the links to which are given on each simulation set’s page.
This type of simulation is set up in much the same way as the previous kind, except that there is no dark matter, the gas is not self-gravitating, and the gravitational potential is modeled by a sum of two rigid gravitational potentials representing the dark matter halos which are evolved on a mutual orbit. This approximation is used when a) computational speed is desired and b) the relevant characteristics of the simulations do not depend on accurately modeling the effects of dynamical friction, mass loss, and tidal forces on the dark matter.
Cosmological simulations evolve the dynamics of gas, dark matter, and stars in an expanding cosmological background, beginning from a high-redshift initial condition of matter fluctuations derived from a physically motivated power spectrum. Clusters of galaxies form in these simulations at the intersection between filaments of gas and dark matter. Depending on the physics included, stars form from cool, dense gas and explode as supernovae, providing an energy source to the surrounding medium and enriching it with metals. Some simulations include the formation of black holes and the resulting feedback from active galactic nuclei.
These simulations are typically hundreds of Mpc up to Gpc across, but in the catalog we include sliced and projected quantities of the regions surrounding the clusters only. These simulations are organized both by the ID of the cluster and by cosmological epoch.
The specific details of the simulations, including the size of the cosmological volume, included physics, and other information can be found in the accompanying papers, the links to which are given on each simulation set’s page.
The data presented here consists of FITS image and table files, either slices or projections of the original 3D data along particular lines of sight. The various types of files that make up the data are described below. The pixel scale of each FITS file is equivalent to the finest cell size of the simulation, which is given on each simulation set’s page. The fields which are stored in each file are files are listed on the page for a particlar epoch’s files.
Slices are taken along the merger plane for a number of different fields. Which fields are in the FITS file depends on the simulation, but most of them contain fields such as density, temperature, velocity, etc.
Projections are taken along several lines of sight. Currently, these include the three major axes of the simulation domain: x, y, and z. In the future, projections along off-axis directions will be added. Distance/redshift dependent quantitie are determined by the redshift and the given cosmology, which is given in the notes for the simulation. If the simulation is not cosmological (such as the binary merger simulations), a standard cosmology and constant redshift is assumed. Projected quantities typically include X-ray emissivity, total matter density, projected temperature, etc.
Fields related to the Sunyaev-Zeldovich (S-Z) effect are also computed for some simulations, using the SZpack library (Chluba et al. 2012, Chluba et al. 2013) to compute the S-Z signal, including thermal and kinetic contributions as well as relativistic corrections. More details on how these projections were computed can be found here. They are stored in separate FITS files from the other projections.
Some of the simulations with dark matter particles have mock “galaxies”. These are dark matter particles which have been randomly drawn from the simulation, with a number per halo given by the mass-richness relation of Ford et al. 2014. The galaxies are contained in FITS binary tables, which include sky positions, line-of-sight velocities, an identifier for which halo each galaxy originally belonged to, and unique IDs for every galaxy. These particles provide a way of measuring the kinematics of the merger from the perspective of the collisionless material with a statistical significance that is comparable to that obtained from measured redshifts of galaxies in real clusters. No redshift errors have been applied to the galaxy velocities, which is an exercise left to the end-user.
A ds9 region file is provided for each epoch and line-of-sight in addition to the FITS file, which allows the galaxy positions to be plotted over the projections of the other fields.
The X-ray events files are standard events files which can be manipulated and analyzed with standard X-ray analysis tools, such as ds9, CIAO, and the HEASOFT software suite. The events have been generated using the pyXSIM package and have been convolved with the ACIS-I on-axis responses, assuming an exposure time of 50 ks. The pixel size corresponds to the width of the finest simulation cell size, instead of the pixel scale of the detector. These files can be used to produce images and spectra. Eventually, event files for other instruments and exposure times will be included.
Linear coordinates: This is a simple linear coordinate system which corresponds to the coordinate system of the original dataset. The length units are in kpc. For most of the FITS files, this is the first and primary WCS (i.e., the one that appears by default in ds9).
Celestial coordinates: This is a celestial coordinate system in RA and Dec using the tangential projection. The angle units are in degrees. For most of the FITS files, this is the secondary WCS (i.e., “WCS a” in ds9).
For example, a header for one of the FITS images corresponding to a projected quantity may look like this (only showing some keywords for clarity):
It can be seen here that the default WCS, WCSNAME = 'yt', is in linear coordinates, and the second WCS, WCSNAMEA = 'celestial', is in celestial coordinates. The relationship between the two depends on the angular diameter distance to the source, which depends on the redshift and the given cosmology. This information is shown on each simulation set page.
Medical Stone Crushing Machine, Medical Stone Crushing Machine Suppliers Directory Find variety Medical Stone Crushing Machine Suppliers, Manufacturers, Companies from around the World at crushing machine ,plastic crushing machinery ,cutting machine stone, Crusher
High Efficient Powder Crusher, High Efficient Powder Crusher Suppliers Directory Find variety High Efficient Powder Crusher Suppliers, Manufacturers, Companies from around the World at manual ice crusher ,stone crusher ,jaw crusher, Crusher
China Mobile Stone Crusher, China Mobile Stone Crusher Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Mobile Stone Crusher Products at stone crusher ,mobile jaw crusher ,mini stone crusher from China
China Mobile Crusher Plant, China Mobile Crusher Plant Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Mobile Crusher Plant Products at mobile jaw crusher ,mobile crushing plant ,mobile crusher from China
China Screening Crushing, China Screening Crushing Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Screening Crushing Products at fence screening ,screening machine ,sand screening machine from China
In 2006, the old factory relocated into the large modern industrial workshop in Luoxin Industrial Park, Luoyang city, China Top 10 Famous Stone Crusher Brand;
China Stone Crusher Plant, China Stone Crusher Plant Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Stone Crusher Plant Products at stone crusher ,mini stone crusher ,diesel stone crusher from China
China Truck Crusher, China Truck Crusher Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Truck Crusher Products at food truck ,truck tire ,truck parts from China
China Kitchen Crusher, China Kitchen Crusher Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Kitchen Crusher Products at manual ice crusher ,stone crusher ,jaw crusher from China
China Marble Mining Equipment, China Marble Mining Equipment Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Marble Mining Equipment Products at mining equipment ,gold mining equipment ,small scale gold mining equipment from China
China Crusher Plant, China Crusher Plant Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Crusher Plant Products at manual ice crusher ,stone crusher ,jaw crusher from China
China Block Crusher, China Block Crusher Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Block Crusher Products at block machine ,block making machines ,magnetic building blocks from China
mining machinery and accessories,raymond mill,ball mill,stone crusher,sand making machine. Total YXQM 1L large industrial grinding various powder ball mill
China Pex a Machine, China Pex a Machine Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory Source a Large Selection of Pex a Machine Products at vending machines ,farm machinery equipment ,machine parts from China
Japan Medical Instrument Panel, Medical Instrument Panel from Japan Supplier Find Variety Medical Instrument Panel from touch screen panel ,solar panel 300w ,decorative wall panels, LCD Modules Suppliers Located in Japan, Buy Medical Instrument Panel Made in Japan on
Rotary Cement Kiln is the main equipment for calcining cement clinker. The rotary kiln produced by our company is used in chemical industry, metallurgy and other industries.
The above power and plant calculations are based on Fly ash based AAC without Lime Crushing This too is an industrial China mitring machine China stone
Applied for such trades as pharmaceutical,chemical and foodstuff etc.,this machine is new generation coarse crushing industrial chili powder stone grinding
offers 1,394 precision cnc machine vise products. About 71% of these are vise, 2% are machining, and 1% are machine centre. A wide variety of precision cnc machine vise options are available to you, such as universal vise, bench vise, and angle vise.
offers 1,225 precision milling machine vise products. About 73% of these are vise, 10% are other machine tools accessories, and 2% are milling machines. A wide variety of precision milling machine vise options are available to you, such as universal vise, angle vise.
offers 3,980 precision vise products. About 66% of these are vise, 12% are other machine tools accessories, and 7% are clamps. A wide variety of precision vise options are available to you, such as universal vise, bench vise, and angle vise.
Precision Vice, Wholesale Various High Quality Precision Vice Products from Global Precision Vice Suppliers and Precision Vice Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
Machine Vice, Wholesale Various High Quality Machine Vice Products from Global Machine Vice Suppliers and Machine Vice Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
offers 2,058 cnc machine vise products. About 56% of these are vise, 4% are milling machines, Tags: 2017 Most Popular Precision Cnc Machine Vise
A wide variety of milling vise options are available milling machine vise We are manufacturer of precision cross slide table Our products have exported to 20
offers 672 precision grinding vise products. About 66% of these are vise, 16% are other machine tools accessories, and 7% are clamps. A wide variety of precision grinding vise options are available to you, such as universal vise, bench vise, and angle vise.
A wide variety of bench vices options are available to you, such as bench vise, angle vise, Tags: 6 Precision Machine Vices Cnc Machine Vice
About product and suppliers: offers 479 precision universal vise products. About 76% of these are vise, 10% are other machine tools accessories, and
About product and suppliers: offers 1,944 precision tool vise products. About 71% of these are vise, 14% are other machine
A wide variety of accu lock machine vice options are available to you, such as bench vise, angle vise, Tags: Precision Vices Precision Accu lock Machine Vice .
offers 583 precision tool vice products. About 79% of these are vise, 10% are other machine tools accessories, and 1% are pliers. A wide variety of precision tool vice options are available to you, such as universal vise, bench vise, and angle vise.
A wide variety of vertex vise options are available to you, Accu Lock Precision Cnc Milling Machine Vertex Vise. There are 131 vertex vise suppliers,
About product and suppliers: offers 1,944 precision tool vise products. About 71% of these are vise, 14% are other machine tools accessories, and 4% are clamps.
offers 534 angle precision vise products. About 96% of these are vise, 1% are other machine tools accessories, and 1% are pliers. A wide variety of angle precision vise options are available to you, such as angle vise, bench vise, and universal vise.
offers 410 precision modular vise products. About 79% of these are vise, 16% are other machine tools accessories, and 1% are other general mechanical components.
A wide variety of self centering vices options are available to you, such as manual, hydraulic. MENU . Precision Modular Vise/vice For Cnc Machine Center .
(We take our last order @ 8 PM on week days and 7 PM on weekends but will stay out to complete all orders placed before the cutoff time.)
Order high quality cannabis products online, from the comfort of your own home and have it delivered in an attractive discreet and odourless manner to your doorstep in Toronto, the GTA and surrounding areas.
2. You will receive email updates as the status of your orders changes (Processing, Waiting for next driver, Packaging, shipped.... etc)
3. Once your order reaches the "Shipped" status you will be contacted by our staff with a text or phone call with the ETA for your order.
- For Health and Safety reason ALL SALES ARE FINAL and we will not be able to take back any product.
Verena. Age: 20. Hello welcome to my bbw experience! I'm fun tons of tricks and wait till you see what I have in store I'm the best of the best no great when you meet her! I'm usually in the Burlington area and am flexible
Gorgeous Black Lesbians with Ghetto Butt. Kinky ending for a blind date. Big tits lesbian vids. Chat with x Hamster Live girls now! All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. Latina with a set of natural tits Jasmine Black rides dick. Voluptuous beauty 4 years ago 12 pics YOUX.
Feel Free to bookmark Us. Blonde lesbian spanks and fucks a bad girl. Sexyy webcam teens with gorgeous bodys. Girls that are lesbians will pose naked, make out and masturbate until the last drop of your cum load. Lesbian sex first time porn. Latina lesbian sluts riding a huge black dildo. This website, reserved for an adult and informed public complies with all regulations.
Amature sexual position clips. Black lesbians rubbing their cunts and moaning from joy. Casinos commitment reach the favored combine points, bite underdogs find out points. Skinny black lesbian wife fucking dildo her shy pussy friend. Hot girl strapon fucked by a dominant lesbian. Aged Lesbian Xxx Matures is the same thing happens to fans of traditional Lesbian sex porn - they stop following fucking action and begin looking at interior designs or model clothes!
By making great decisions, an educated web marketing for attorneys owner can get ready for changes in the economy. The very best services are successful since the owners are passionate about the things they are doing, and enjoy developing a top notch organisation in their industry. Have seo services for law firms at this publication if you wish to establish a tactical method to your site speaking with for legal representatives model.
Conceptualizing with employees can offer important insight when you're faced with a crucial web marketing for attorneys decision. If you choose to approach the decision on your own, attempt the proven technique of drawing up a list of the pros and cons of each and every possible choice. Proof reveals that making a list can assist bring the absolute best ideas for your service to the forefront. You might even take advantage of seeking advice from a website consulting for legal representatives advancement professional who can offer you with some objective guidance.
Law Firm SEO: Is It Better Than PPC? Many law firms look at search engine optimization (SEO) and pay-per-click (PPC) marketing as an either-or decision. A competitive law firm SEO campaign is not inexpensive. Depending on https://www.kiwibox.com/draconianj248/blog/entry/142485111/confused-by-the-realm-of-social-media-marketing-assist-is/ and practice area, you can expect to pay $2,500-$20,000 per month to achieve high page one search results. When looking at a bill like that, it's understandable that firms may consider putting all of their marketing eggs in one basket.
You should keep a favorable outlook when handling customers whether you're the one in charge of a SEO and website design for attorneys or simply an employee. It belongs to the task to make every capacity and actual client feel valued. Client relations and handling is an important element that staff members must be taught. You could be sure that your web marketing for lawyers will grow when you have positive customer experiences because they will be telling others.
When you have a web marketing for legal representatives, constantly try to find brand-new triumphes and fresh expansions. Unless you believe it can prosper, your service is not most likely to be effective. You might accomplish your dreams by setting little goals as stepping stones and continuously raising your expectations. If you're content to attain just the most basic of milestones, you most likely shouldn't open a site consulting for lawyers.
Bear in mind that building a successful SEO and website design for attorneys requires time. The success of your web marketing for legal representatives depends considerably on the quantity of energy, time, and resources you are willing to put into opening your business. Keep your top objectives in mind, and remember to practice patience as you endure that first quiet site consulting for lawyers duration. If you overlook to commit every bit of your energy to broadening your company, you may wind up closing its doors forever.
To keep your web marketing for attorneys important and growing, you have to develop a strong and devoted customer base. marketing a law firm that have actually withstood many years often have pleased workers who stick to the SEO and web design for lawyers for a long while. A should for services is to take their online reputation very seriously, and safeguard it whenever they can. You will have to rectify the scenario and deflect the damages that might have been done to your business's name in the event that you have actually received some poor reviews, so it's suggested that you utilize an expert credibility management service.
By default the iterations start with x=0 as an initial guess of the solution. One can control the start using the solveWithGuess() method.
this class stores a reference to the matrix A as well as some precomputed values that depend on it. Therefore, if A is changed this class becomes invalid. Call compute() to update it with the new matrix A, or modify a copy of A.
The name EIKI is derived from the combination of two Japanese words: "EI" which means "picture", and "KI" which means "machine". EIKI is, literally, the picture machine company.
We are proud to introduce our brand new Red and Blue Laser Technology. With high color reproduction and extremely high contrast, the Laser projectors are always a good choice.
Facing a court-imposed deadline on Tuesday, the US government has said it expects to have reunited 54 young children and parents separated by immigration officials after crossing into the United States from Mexico.
After the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) sued the Trump administration to speed up the reunification process in late June, a federal judge ordered the administration to reunite families who had been broken up at the border within 30 days, or 14 days for those with children under the age of 5.
Lugging little backpacks, smiling immigrant children were scooped up into their parents' arms Tuesday as the Trump administration scrambled to meet a court-ordered deadline to reunite dozens of youngsters forcibly separated from their families at the border.
The Legal Aid Society in NY said it is representing at least two children under five who meet the judge's criteria for reunification on Tuesday.
In separating families, Trump sought to advance a hard-line immigration policy that past administrations had considered and quickly abandoned as inhumane.
During the June 27th ruling, the Judge stated that "Measures were not in place to provide for communication between governmental agencies responsible for detaining parents and those responsible for housing children, or to provide for ready communication between separated parents and children".
During Monday's court proceedings, government officials said that about half of the children in the under 5 age group - just over 50 - would be reunited by the deadline. Previously, families were in most cases held together.
The hearing also barely touched on the more than 2,000 children still in government custody who will need to be reunited in coming weeks.
54 will be reunified by Tuesday; their parents are still in government custody and will be released with their children.
The government had asked Sabraw to extend the deadlines because it needed time to test DNA to confirm family relationships, run background checks, find parents who were released from custody and review parental fitness.
"There's no question that the parties are meeting and conferring", District Judge Dana Sabraw said. "Tell people not to come to our country illegally", he said.
The ACLU is seeking clear deadlines to reunite the different groups of remaining children, though the judge deferred deciding on that until Tuesday, at the earliest.
In fact, through DNA testing, two adults who apparently thought they were parents of a child were determined not to be, he said.
Some lawyers representing the separated children, who have been scattered into foster systems across the country, said the government was not telling them what would happen to their young clients.
On a conference call with reporters Tuesday, Chris Meekins, chief of staff for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' assistant secretary for preparedness and response, said the administration has tried to speed up reunifications by adding extra staff to conduct criminal background checks and determine claims of parentage.
The reunions are expected to be carried out in secret or secure locations, with parents taken from the detention centers where they have been held and children brought from federal shelters or foster homes. But on Monday, she said nine were removed from the United States and an additional nine were released here.
"Let me put it this way: I think the government in the last 48 hours ... has taken significant steps", Gelernt said. The judge refused to modify that.
Gronkowski is also a horse who has a big reputation going into the Travers Stakes, despite only having one run so far in the USA. Gronkowski won four of his six starts in Europe, with his biggest success coming in a Listed race at Newcastle.
As word spread, the community in Teaneck held a memorial on Saturday night, during which they swapped stories about the Trinidads. In tears, he said, "I'm going to miss them so much". "She said it was finally sinking in that they're gone forever".
England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford was notably called into action early in the second half when he saved Marcus Berg's header. Fabian Delph also came off the bench, having returned to Russian Federation following the birth of his third child.
Still, Williams said she's not getting too excited as she's still adjusting to tennis after returning from maternity leave. Both two-time Grand Slam champion Kerber and 21-year-old Kasatkina reached the quarterfinals at last month's French Open.
He will take some beating if aimed at this race; Mullins has trained the Arkle winner in two of the last three years. With the right schooling over fences, Charli Parcs could feature prominently if aimed at the Arkle.
The Continuity of the Multimedia Exhibition of Santiago Ribeiro in Times Square in New York in the International Press
As Ribeiro continues planning the project’s next phase, he is testing innovative exhibition spaces such as Times Square. He conceived the International Surrealism Now movement in Coimbra with a major exhibit organized by Bissaya Barreto.
Video games and stress relief Video games have been called a lot of things in the decades that have passed since their emergence. But the question still remains: are mobile games the right way to de-stress? Let's see what science has to say about the matter.
In general, there are three main concerns related to fraud in the casino. - I will not receive a prize Is this possible? Yes. Some of the online casinos can be fakes that having worked for just a week and collecting bets will simply disappear.
That should be enough for Bill Self to do some serious damage, and if Jackson pans out they'll be right in the national title mix. At the time, some analyses counted it as the biggest surprise of the tournament that Oregon got the top seed out West.
Other benefits include: ● Game Choice: Microgaming offers gambling fans the largest selection of games in the market. Have you ever played on a site powered by Microgaming software? What did you think? Share your experience below.
Dina Parise Racing is owned by Dina Parise, one of the few female team owners and drivers in motorsports today. This former professional skater for the Ice Capades has traded in her skates for tires and Sequins for a Fire Suit!But don’t let her graceful exterior fool you! She means business on the track!
Like with Dina Parise Racing, your vehicle is your pride and joy as well as your investment. Investments need to be protected. There is no better company to choose to protect that investment than Covercraft Industries!
The Dina Parise Racing team would like to thank Covercraft for the custom fitted Car Cover they created for Stella (the 3,000HP Supercharged Cadillac Pro Mod). With their specific Cover customizing process, they were able to create a cover that fits like a glove. Perfect for indoor storage as well as for those pop-up storms at the race track! This cover is light and easy to use.
Covercraft has an array of products for the auto-enthusiast as well as the Auto-enthusiast Pet owner! They have a wide range of exterior as well as interior protection, with a great selection of materials.They have ‘Protection for whatever you drive!’.
Isn’t it time you protected your investment? For more information visit: https://www.covercraft.com/us/en . When placing your order, be sure to let them know DPR sent you!
From performance to detail DPR acknowledges and does it all. Stella runs efficiently and safely with products from top notch companies: NGK, Lucas Oil, Speedwire Systems, DJ Safety, CRC Auto, Hoosier, DMPE and Wiseco. The DPR website looks great and runs efficiently thanks to the professionals at Crank It Media. Thank you to American States Utility Services for their support! The team encourages you to try the products and services these companies offer. The fact remains that they do use them all. That is the best recommendation!
Be sure to join the DPR team on all their Social Media! Their Website will show you the way! For all things DPR please visit http://dinapariseracing.com/ Parise has quite a bit on her plate on the track and off. Be sure to follow along on Social Media to keep up with it all!
*Covercraft– Today the company is the world’s largest manufacturer of custom-patterned vehicle covers. Our library of over 80,000 patterns still grows daily as we constantly add new applications.
Our product line has expanded greatly over the years and now includes seat protectors, front-end masks (bras), dash covers, floor mats, tailgate nets, tire covers, windshield sunscreens, canine travel items and other specialty protection and storage products. *
Posted in Featured News, News | Tagged automotive, Cadillac, Canine covers, car covers, Car Shows, Cars, dash covers, Dina Parise Racing, floor mats, investments, Marketing, Pro Mod, seat covers, Social Media, windshield sunscreen
(Atlanta, GA.)- The most important piece to the Dina Parise Racing team is the marketing partners. DPR is proud to announce a new addition to the team partner list is none other than Speedwire Systems.
They say everything happens for a reason. In the Dina Parise Racing camp, they have become believers in this statement. This team has learned that some days may be tougher than others, but they are just preparation for things to come.
DPR reached a sponsorship agreement with the Canadian company, who has authorized dealers and installers worldwide ( http://speedwiresystems.com/ ). A side-note to the agreement is that Speedwire Systems had an integral part in assisting DPR in executing Stella’s new look!
At Speedwire Systems, the goal and vision is to refine and simplify vehicle chassis electrical control and installations, helping their customers to build consistent and reliable race-winning vehicles. Their products allow racers to spend their time on their race program rather than debugging electrical issues. Their products are the choice of champions. Largely because they are built for racers, by racers.
Their products that can suit any application, Turbo, Nitrous, Blower and Supercharged applications, even off road and drift cars.
Customers can be assured, their products are designed with the best components available for the application, with the mind set of always producing a high-quality product.
Keeping in mind customer safety as well as performance. The enclosures and Epoxy used are flame retardant and laboratory test to UL 94 specs.
All their products are designed and manufactured in house, using the highest attention to detail and built to last through the rigors of the racing environment.
Customers can order a custom switch panel and systems to suit their individual needs. It’s not one size fits all. Their relay controllers and switch panels can be combined to suit any need. ** DPR can attest to this feature. The switch panel in Stella, was made to driver specifications. **
The relay boards all self-diagnosis LED indicators that change color which allows the user to quickly identify a problem from a blown fuse to a faulty output, giving them the ability to repair the problem efficiently without the use of multi meters for diagnosis.
Lastly, their products are empowering the fastest cars in the world from Pro Mod to Drag Radial cars resulting in winning multiple championships from Drag racing to 3,500-mile Dakar Race.
The DPR team continues to push the envelope in every way. From performance to detail this team acknowledges and does it all. Stella runs efficiently and safely with products from top notch companies: NGK, Lucas Oil, Speedwire Systems, DJ Safety, CRC Auto and Wiseco. The DPR website looks great and runs efficiently thanks to the professionals at Crank It Media.
Please visit http://dinapariseracing.com/marketing-partners . There you will find more information regarding the companies listed as well as some *special offers*! The team encourages you to try the products and services these companies offer. The fact remains that they do use them all. That is the best recommendation!
Get Social: Be sure to join the DPR team on all their Social Media! Their Website will show you the way! For all things DPR please visit http://dinapariseracing.com/ Parise has quite a bit on her plate for the season on the track and off. Be sure to follow along on Social Media to keep up with it all!
DPR’s results from this past weekend were not favorable, yet the team is proud of what they accomplished. “It’s not always about getting to the finish line first. Sometimes what is most important is the journey you take to get there.” States Dina Parise. She and her team have made it their mission to support all those who have answered the call to serve. In association with Speedwire Systems, the brand-new look on ‘Stella’ the Pro Mod Cadillac, (revealed this past weekend) continues that mission.
Unfortunately, Parise missed the testing session on Thursday due to her having a debilitating migraine, something she has lived with for years. That was a setback for the team. “It was brutally hot.” Stated Andrew Parise. “We had her in and out of the car a few times to swap seatbelts. I could tell, she was fighting a migraine. I pulled the plug for the day, as a safety precaution.”
Friday brought 3 rounds of qualifying in the Moroso Pro Boost catagory. DPR battled both the heat and a fuel issue. By the end of Q3, they were on the outside looking in. On Saturday (Elimination day) Parise was put in as an alternate after Tommy Gray could not make the call due to breakage. Their luck ran out in 1st round of eliminations, when they smoked the tires right at the hit. Game over.
On the positive side, Stella’s new look was well received! As part of DPR’s mission to support all those who have answered the call to serve, the team, in association with (their new partner) American States Utility Services, Inc. and Outback Steakhouse of Colonial Heights, Va. hosted members of our U.S. Military from U.S. Army Fort Lee for the day! Outback provided a spectacular meal for the guests. Thank you to Tim and Julie for taking the time out to set up and serve everyone. Yet again, DPR owes a debt of gratitude to Roger Hedrick of Outback Steakhouse of Colonial Heights, VA. He has never turned down a request of a meal for our Military members, no matter how many. Over the years, DPR has requested many meals, and he has obliged.
On a side note, Due to a last-minute shift change, some of the guests could not attend. As they say, that is the ‘life of a soldier’. For those who could attend, seeing them enjoy a day at the races made it all worthwhile!
American States Utility Services, Inc. has signed on as a marketing partner of DPR. ASUS provides operations, maintenance and construction management services for water and wastewater systems at a growing list of U.S. Military installations. ( http://www.asusinc.com/ ) ASUS-‘Serving Those Who Serve’
DPR reached a sponsorship agreement with Speedwire Systems. The Canadian company has authorized dealers and installers worldwide ( http://speedwiresystems.com/). A side-note to the agreement is that Speedwire Systems had an integral part in assisting DPR in executing Stella’s new look. Parise has (for many years) been utilizing a custom switch panel, (made by Speedwire Systems) tailored to her specifications.
NGK Spark Plugs has been a marketing mainstay with DPR for nearly 20 years! This lasting relationship has much to do with the stellar product NGK provides as well as the support they have shown for almost two decades.
From performance to detail DPR acknowledges and achieves it all. Stella runs efficiently and safely with products from top notch companies: NGK, Lucas Oil, Speedwire Systems, DJ Safety, CRC Auto, Hoosier, DMPE and Wiseco. The DPR website looks great and runs efficiently thanks to the professionals at Crank It Media. Thank you to American States Utility Services for their support!
DPR would like to thank Tom Daley of Daley Graphics and Kryptonite Kustomz for the amazing work on Stella. Without them this project would not have come to fruition.
Posted in Featured News, News | Tagged American States Utility Services, Auto Supplies, Cadillac, Competition Plus, Dina Parise Racing, Drag Racing, Firecracker Nationals, Marketing, Military, PDRA, Pro Mod, Social Media, US Army, Veterans, women in motorsports, world champion
(Atlanta, Ga) Dina Parise Racing is excited to be headed to the PDRA Firecracker Nationals at Virginia Motorsports Park, this weekend (June 28-30th). To add to the excitement, DPR will be unveiling and debuting a brand-new look for Stella (the Pro Modified Cadillac). This is Parise’s first race with the PDRA Series. She will be competing in the Moroso Pro Boost category.
“This process has been a labor of love.” Stated Dina Parise. “We hit a few roadblocks along the way, but in the end, it was worth it.”
Recently DPR reached a sponsorship agreement with Speedwire Systems. The Canadian company has authorized dealers and installers worldwide ( http://speedwiresystems.com/ ). A side-note to the agreement is that Speedwire Systems had an integral part in assisting DPR in executing Stella’s new look. Parise has (for many years) been utilizing a custom switch panel, (made by Speedwire Systems) tailored to her specifications.
American States Utility Services, Inc. has also signed on as a marketing partner of DPR. ASUS provides operations, maintenance and construction management services for water and wastewater systems at a growing list of U.S. Military installations.( http://www.asusinc.com/ )
From performance to detail DPR acknowledges and achieves it all. Stella runs efficiently and safely with products from top notch companies: NGK, Lucas Oil, Speedwire Systems, DJ Safety, CRC Auto, Hoosier and Wiseco. The DPR website looks great and runs efficiently thanks to the professionals at Crank It Media. Thank you to American States Utility Services for their support!
Fire up the grill, it’s Memorial Day! I bet that’s what you are thinking, right? Of course, we all work our fingers to the bone in anticipation of the next vacation day or holiday. It’s the perfect time to gather with family and friends. Or, are you a shopper? If you are, there are plenty of sales to take advantage of. When it comes to holidays, we all utilize that time off in different ways. We are entitled to it. We have worked for it. After all, we live in a country that allows us the freedom to do what we want when we want.
Do we ever think about the freedom and rights we are so privileged to have? Probably not. Our country seems unsettled and a bit chaotic, at the moment. Citizens are at odds over what they consider right and wrong. Many have taken to the streets to protest. Some protest in other manners. The bottom line is that we have the means to speak and gather freely.
The truth is, many Men and Women (of our U.S. Military) have sacrificed greatly for the freedom we all take advantage of. Agree or disagree with how the freedom has been obtained, the bottom line is we owe those who sacrificed a debt of gratitude. Keep in mind we must ‘hate the war, NOT the warrior.’
Be sure to Fly your flag high. Have that Barbeque! Go buy yourself something nice! But, before you do, please take a moment to remember why Memorial Day originated and those it was created to honor. A moment of our time is the least we can do. As you honor those who sacrificed for our freedom, be sure to keep in mind the families that are left behind. Maybe take a quick trip to a military cemetery and lay a wreath or flag to commemorate those we have lost. Teach your children to understand and respect the sacrifices made.
At 3 p.m. local time, all Americans are asked to pause (as an act of National unity) for a minute of silence to remember and honor those who have died in service to the nation.
To all those who are serving or have served, we Thank You for your service and sacrifice. We will never forget.
“Those who have long enjoyed such privileges as we enjoy forget in time that men have died to win them.” —Franklin D. Roosevelt
Posted in Dina's Blog, Featured News | Tagged American Flag, Barbeque, Dina Parise, Dina Parise Racing, Freedom is not Free, Holiday Weekend, Memorial Day, Memorial Day Weekend, Military Discounts, Never forget, Sale, Shopping, US Military
The PRI trade Show is the place for Racing Industry suppliers and buyers to meet face to face, discuss products and make purchases. As appealing as that sounds, it’s just touching the surface. Along with the rows and rows of product booths, there are informative seminars.
Dina Parise Racing is proud to announce (Dina’s) participation in the acclaimed ‘Women of Motorsports’ seminar. This year’s topic (and title) is ‘Opportunities for Women in Motorsports’.
The seminar is an hour-long program, wherein Parise along with Pippa Mann and Elaine Larsen will discuss their careers, along with the many facets of the everchanging motorsports industry. The aim of the seminar is to educate and engage with young women interested in pursuing a career in motorsports.
Dan Schechner, PRI Magazine editor will moderate this year’s “Opportunities for Women in Motorsports” seminar. Seminar is on Friday, December 8, from 8a.m. to 9 a.m., at the Indiana Convention Center in Meeting Room 241.
“PRI’s acclaimed ‘Women in Motorsports’ seminar brings together three of the most talented, accomplished and dedicated racing pros our industry has to offer,” Schechner said. “Now in its second year, this program promises to enlighten, entertain and inspire as we delve into some important topics that will resonate with a wide variety of Show attendees. Trust me, this is shaping up to be one powerful session you won’t want to miss!” Said Schechner.
Begin the second day of exhibits for the 30th annual PRI Show with the ‘Opportunities for Women’ in Motorsports’ seminar! Free to all PRI attendees! First come first serve on seating, so be sure to get there early to grab a seat! To be sure you don’t miss out, add the event to your PRI Show calendar ( https://pri2017.mapyourshow.com/7_0/sessions/session-details.cfm?ScheduleID=75).
The DPR team continues to push the envelope in every way. From performance to detail this team acknowledges and does it all. DPR has joined forces with Endotech LLC, a company that creates and distributes cutting edge energy saving products aimed at reducing energy usage and demand. With increasing fuel and energy costs, businesses all over the country can utilize the savings! Stella runs well and safely with products from as NGK Spark Plugs, Lucas Oil, Speedwire Systems, Wiseco, Hoosier Racing Tire and DJ Safety. She sparkles, and the team looks great because of the products provided by CRC Auto and Pro Things. The DPR website looks great and runs efficiently thanks to the professionals at Crank It Media. Please visit: http://dinapariseracing.com/marketing-partners . There you will find more information regarding the companies listed as well as some *special offers*! The team encourages you to try the products and services these companies offer. The fact remains that they do use them all. That is the best recommendation! The DPR team would like to thank all their Marketing Partners for their continued support!
2018 is fast approaching! Are you looking for a fresh, new exciting platform to market your company product or service? Want to market your company via ‘Influencer Marketing’? Contact DPR at Marketing@DinaPariseRacing.com for more information.
Get Social: Be sure to join the DPR team on all their Social Media! Their Website will show you the way! For all things DPR please visit: http://dinapariseracing.com/ .Parise has quite a bit on her plate for the upcoming season on the track and off. Be sure to follow along on Social Media to keep up with it all!
Mother nature has shown us how powerful she can be too many times. Unfortunately, the Parise’s have experience dealing with her in a Hurricane situation. They still lived on Long Island when Superstorm Sandy hit in 2012. It was the most horrifying experience of their lives. They watched family and friends lose their homes and much of what they owned. They know some that are still not back in their homes today. It’s an ongoing process to rebuild.
Post Sandy, they did quite a bit of fundraising and collection of items for their fellow residents. The campaign was called ‘Rev Up Sandy Relief’. Feel free to read about it by clicking the links provided. http://dinapariseracing.com/dprs-rev-up-sandy-releif-campaign/ http://dinapariseracing.com/dina-parise-racing-rev-up-and-bounce-back-after-sandy/ http://dinapariseracing.com/dina-parise-racing-rev-up-sandy-relief-where-are-we-now/
The time has arisen again, with the unfortunate task of having to ‘fundraise’ by collecting items to assist those affected by recent Hurricane activity (with Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma). This is a time when we all need to work together to help our fellow Americans. It’s about the people and the pets, never forget the pets! Imagine you lost everything. Where do you start to rebuild? It’s a frightening thought for all of us.
To try to help ease the pain of the loss residents have endured, Dina Parise Racing has teamed up with Carolina NT Small Tire Racing. Andrew and Dina along with Lance Stanford and Travis Harvey will be on hand collecting items at the Carolina NT Small Tire Racing event on September 16th at Galot Motorsports Park. The Parise’s will have their trailer on hand to load up items, and will leave the week following the race to drop off items. The location is yet to be determined and will of course be announced.
To kick off the ‘Rev Up Hurricane Relief’ campaign, Dina Parise Racing will be accepting donations here in Georgia until (no later than) September 20th! If you would like to drop off items, here’s the address:
We encourage you all to donate items AND take in some great drag racing, be sure to get to Galot Motorsports Park on September 16th for the Carolina NT Small Tire Racing event! Load up the car and bring the family! Gates open at 12PM for spectators (9AM for Racers)! When donating you will receive a FREE 50/50 ticket!
So, get together with your friends and neighbors! Collect those items and choose the way you would like us to receive them! Either way, we appreciate your help and thank you in advance!
Honoring our Military. This is a time-honored tradition with the Dina Parise Racing team. One of the events that top’s this teams list is Fleet Week NYC!
Fleet Week is a U.S. Navy, U.S. Marine Corps, and U.S. Coast Guard tradition in which active military ships recently deployed in overseas operations dock in cities (such as New York) for one week. Once the ships dock, the crews can visit its tourist attractions and enjoy various activities.
Dina Parise and her husband Andrew are originally from New York, but now reside in Georgia. “We are happy to make the (800-mile) trip for this event.” Said Dina Parise “Getting to thank our Military Members in person is what it’s all about.”
With the assistance of their marketing partners as well as other sources, the DPR team is proud to have obtained various items to fill 200 ‘Gift Bags’ to pass on to our Military Members. Just a small token of appreciation for the sacrifice they make. “Everyone we reached out to was more than happy to donate items.” Said Parise. “This is something we would like to continue in the future, and expand.”
DPR will be appearing on Pier 86 at the Intrepid Museum, from May 27th – 29th (10am-6pm all days). Pier 86 is filled with interactive displays, hands-on learning opportunities, performances and more! DPR’s display will also be interactive. The team will have a ‘Christmas Tree’ (drag racing timing system) for attendees to try their hand at for ‘Reaction Time’, just like the racers use! Admission to the Pier 86 activities are free, and General Admission will be charged to enjoy the museum. DPR suggests you take advantage of the museum! For more event information visit: http://dinapariseracing.com/event/dpr-appearing-at-fleet-week-nyc/
The team hopes to see you all out there enjoying the festivities, taking advantage of the interactive displays and above all taking the time to say, ‘Thank You’ to those serving in the military.
Items provided by the following: NGK, CRC, Lucas Oil, NMCA (Pro Media), Pro Things, Darlington Dragway, Wiseco and John Wayne Cancer Foundation.Christmas (timing) Tree provided by: Motorsports Engine.The team would like to thank: Quarter Mile Foundation for their assistance.
The DPR team continues to push the envelope in every way. From performance to detail this team acknowledges and does it all. DPR has joined forces with Endotech LLC, a company that creates and distributes cutting edge energy saving products aimed at reducing energy usage and demand. With increasing fuel and energy costs, businesses all over the country can utilize the savings! Stella runs well and safely with products from as NGK Spark Plugs, Lucas Oil, Speedwire Systems, Wiseco, Hoosier Racing Tire and DJ Safety. She sparkles and the team looks great because of the products provided by CRC Auto and Pro Things. The DPR website looks great and runs efficiently thanks to the professionals at Crank It Media.Please visit http://dinapariseracing.com/marketing-partners . There you will find more information regarding the companies listed as well as some *special offers*! The team encourages you to try the products and services these companies offer. The fact remains that they do use them all. That is the best recommendation! The DPR team would like to thank all their Marketing Partners for their continued support!
Are you looking for a fresh, new exciting platform to market your company product or service? Contact DPR at Marketing@DinaPariseRacing.com for more information. There is still time to be a part of the 2017 season!
Get Social: Be sure to join the DPR team on all their Social Media! Their Website will show you the way! For all things DPR please visit http://dinapariseracing.com/ Parise has quite a bit on her plate for the upcoming season on the track and off. Be sure to follow along on Social Media to keep up with it all!
Fleet Week New York is now in its 29th year of the city’s time-honored celebration of the men and women of the United States Armed Forces. It is an opportunity for not only the of people of New York and the surrounding tri-state area, but tourists as well, to meet Marines, Coast Guardsmen and Sailors. Visitors also witness firsthand the latest capabilities of today’s maritime services. The weeklong celebration has been held nearly every year since 1984.
In honor of the men and women of the United States Armed Forces, the Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum will host a week of activities, themed events and live demonstrations in celebration of the armed forces. The Dina Parise Racing team is both honored and proud to announce their participation in the Intrepid Museum’s Fleet Week NYC celebration.
This will be the third time DPR will be appearing at Pier 86 alongside the legendary aircraft carrier Intrepid. Previously the team had appeared with their stunning his and hers ’53 and ’63 Corvettes. This time around, DPR will be there with Stella the 3,000HP Cadillac CTS-V.
“Between the last appearance (in 2012) and now, the team has evolved quite a bit, and we have gone through many changes.” Said Dina Parise. “My husband Andrew no longer drives, he is now solely my crew chief. We have sold off the Corvettes and now have Stella. We won the IHRA World championship with her in her debut year in 2015. The one constant is our support of the US Military, its members and their families. We consider ourselves lucky to do what we do. Fact of the matter is, it is a constant reminder that Freedom is not free. We take every chance we get to say thank you and show our appreciation to them for the sacrifice they have made for us. It’s the least we can do.”
Fleet Week festivities at the Intrepid Museum run from May 24th – 29th and the event draws thousands of visitors daily. DPR will be appearing from May 27th – 29th. Pier 86 is filled with interactive displays, hands-on learning opportunities, performances and more! Admission to the Pier 86 activities are free, and General Admission will be charged to enjoy the museum. DPR suggests you take advantage of the museum! For more event information visit : http://dinapariseracing.com/event/dpr-appearing-at-fleet-week-nyc/
The team hopes to see you all out there enjoying the festivities, taking advantage of the interactive displays and above all taking the time to say ‘Thank You’ to those serving in the military.
DPR will be releasing more information as needed. Be sure to keep up with the team’s social media for the latest information regarding this and all events on their schedule.
The DPR team continues to push the envelope in every way. From performance to detail this team acknowledges and does it all. DPR has joined forces with Endotech LLC, a company that creates and distributes cutting edge energy saving products aimed at reducing energy usage and demand. With increasing fuel and energy costs, businesses all over the country can utilize the savings! Stella runs well and safely with products from as NGK Spark Plugs, Lucas Oil, Speedwire Systems, Wiseco, Hussey Performance, Hoosier Racing Tire and DJ Safety. She sparkles and the team looks great because of the products provided by CRC Auto and Pro Things. The DPR website looks great and runs efficiently thanks to the professionals at Crank It Media.Please visit http://dinapariseracing.com/marketing-partners . There you will find more information regarding the companies listed as well as some *special offers*! The team encourages you to try the products and services these companies offer. The fact remains that they do use them all. That is the best recommendation! The DPR team would like to thank all their Marketing Partners for their continued support!
Are you looking for a fresh, new exciting platform to market your company product or service? Contact DPR at Marketing@DinaPariseRacing.com for more information. There is still time to be a part of the 2017 season as well individual events including Fleet Week.
*DPR is collecting items from various companies to assemble ‘goodie’ bags. The goal is 200 (or more) bags to be distributed to US Military members at the event. Please contact DPR at the above email if you wish to participate. *
You cannot escape it. Talk of politics is all around us at what seems to be every moment of the day. I personally am not a fan of talking politics, but in this instance, I will make an exception.
Drag racing is a tough sport in many ways. Of course, I say this from experience. Our sport is not only difficult from a performance aspect, but from a financial aspect as well. As a team owner (and driver) I can attest to the difficulty of fielding ‘Stella’ our Cadillac Pro Mod for one race let alone an entire season. The unfortunate truth is that we (the independent teams) have more of an uphill battle when it comes to funding and sponsorship. That is not a complaint by any means, but it is the truth. We as teams (and drivers) do not need anyone, let alone a sanctioning body, hindering the use of a sponsor logo, especially when it relates to the very sport we all work so hard to participate in and promote. This week, Larry Dixon returned to the seat at the Gator Nationals in his own car (as opposed to driving for a funded team). He stated he is running Gainesville and hoping to possibly run another event. Something we at Dina Parise Racing can understand and relate to.
NHRA in its infinite wisdom placed a ‘cease and desist’ (of sorts) on Dixon running a sponsor’s logo due to ‘conflict of interest’ (*See below). They reference the rule that states: right to refuse to display any sponsor decal on a racecar or rig it deems as detrimental to the organization. Detrimental? In this instance, I would say in this case, NHRA may have a flair for drama and at the same time, has given IHRA and the World Series of Drag Racing more publicity than they could have ever asked for.
Dixon’s NHRA Mello Yello NHRA Drag Racing Series Gator Nationals event sponsorship is on behalf of The World Series of Drag Racing, an event hosted by Cordova International Raceway. Did I mention Cordova is owned by IHRA, another sanctioning body you may have heard of? I, like anyone else, understands the competitive nature (and egos) between the two sanctioning bodies. The sponsorship was to promote a ‘match race’ during this World Series of Drag Racing event. The event itself is not in conflict with the NHRA schedule, nor was the IHRA logo included on the sponsor decal. Did they ‘ride the line’ with this one? Maybe. But the bottom line was that it was a specific event being promoted, and that was the means for this multi-time champion to get back in the NHRA show. This move puts a bad taste in the racers and race fans mouths.
While understanding, we are dealing with two different sanctioning bodies, we must also understand another important issue here. There is a lack of ‘full fields’ not just in the nitro ranks of NHRA, but throughout the sport. Gone are the days of 30 plus cars fighting for sixteen spots. This may be a bit of a grey area here, but in the end, we need to promote our sport and its drivers.
Let’s talk scheduling. I do know a bit about this, due to my former profession as a professional skater for the Ice Capades. We too had competitors, therefore, our shows were booked in at venues accordingly. Did they want to make their competitor happy? No, but they did want to make the fans happy, and they are the ones purchasing the tickets (and merchandise). As in my former show world and in racing, I believe the answer is simple. Sanctioning bodies, as well as large racing organizations, need to work together for the betterment of the sport. Not looking for a Kumbaya moment here, just a resolution. Each year, there needs to be a formal conference to address the complexities of our sport. First and foremost, they need to address scheduling. To (at least attempt) not schedule major events on top of one another benefits everyone. This is not foolproof, but addressing scheduling will make a difference. Racers can possibly run more events, and fans have more options of events to attend. Addressing rule and class structures so teams can have the option to run more events. This especially applies in Pro Mod. The rules and structure of the class varies to where many teams cannot compete or even hope to be competitive. It is the racers as well as the fans that deserve that respect. Without the racer, (and the race fan) what do you have?
Organizations need to take stock in the teams. They need to learn how to better promote the teams and events as well as themselves, and worry less about the politics. When promoting teams, it is imperative to promote all that participate, not just the heavy hitters. Keep fans excited and connected. In turn, ROI (return on investment) will be created for the sponsors, and racers will have the means to continue racing. Need to know a thing or two about promotion? Contact me (http://dinapariseracing.com/contact/ ) and let me show you the way. Yes, that is an example of shameless self-promotion. See how I did that?
Now, more than ever, sponsors are hard to come by. No sponsors, no racers; therefore, no fans and no show. Although the organizations themselves are separate entities, the goal is still the same. Working together will benefit everyone. It is the most efficient way to have the fields and stands full.
Want to learn more about DPR? The Website will show you the way! For all things DPR please visit: http://dinapariseracing.com/ Be sure to follow along on Social Media to keep up with it all !
Website design by Diva Deluxe Design | Theme by Catch Themes | Photographs by Rhonda McCole Photography, E3xtreme, Magic Photos | Copyright © 2015 Dina Parise Racing. All Rights Reserved.
On 8th Shawwal, Wednesday, in the year 1345 AH (April 21, 1925), mausoleums in Jannatul al-Baqi (holy city of Medina) were demolished by King Ibn Saud.
Following the request of a number of artists, the deadline for participation in the "2nd International Cartoon Festival on International Al-Quds Day" was extended.
Sayyed al-Houthi talks about developments in West Coast; Any attacks on Yemeni people increase our faith, steadfastness
The leader of the Yemeni revolution, Sayyed Abdulmalik Al-Houthi, said that the aggression forces in the West Coast are besieged, in disturbing situation and targeted all time, pointing out that the large part and basic area of Tihama remains under the control of the free Yemeni and Tihamian people.
Like all free countries of the world, the people of Palestine--real Palestinians-- should be polled. They should determine the political system of Palestine, and that governing body will decide on the future of others who immigrated to Palestine. There's no other solution to this issue of Palestine: this is a path to the elimination of the Zionist regime. This will happen in the near future.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei blasted the US for its destructive role in the region, and said that Washington's diplomacy in the Middle East has completely failed throughout recent decades.
President called for integrity in the media against the psychological war of the enemies and said: “Turbulence in the market has no economic reason and the media are at the forefront of fighting the enemies’ psychological war and we are able to overcome this war”.
A group of university professors, intellectuals, and researchers met with the Leader of the Islamic Revolution— Ayatollah Khamenei— on the 25th day of the auspicious month of Ramadan this evening, June 10, 2018. The meeting is going on.
Seven people martyred including one civilian, and two other civilians were injured in terrorist attacks with sniper and macinegun fire on the terrorist-besieged Shiite towns of al-Fouaa and Kefraya in northern countryside of Idleb.
Sayyed Nasrallah to Israelis: Return to your homelands, or Great War will come and we’ll pray at Al-Quds
Hezbollah Secretary General Sayyed Hasan Nasrallah on Friday called on the Israelis to return back to their homelands, adding that if they insist on occupying Palestine, a great war will erupt and liberate all the occupied Palestinian territories.
Millions of people across Iran and other world countries are gathering for the International Quds Day rallies to show their solidarity with the Palestinians and condemn Israel’s decades-long occupation and atrocities.
AhlulBayt World Assembly has issued a statement on threshold of international Jerusalem (Quds) Day 2018.
Twin blasts on a mosque in the Iraqi capital Baghdad have killed at least seven worshipers and wounded 20 others, security officials said.
Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei says all measures taken by enemies against the Islamic Republic are the result of their desperation and confusion in the face of the Islamic establishment.
Millions of Iranians and international admirers are marking 29 years since the departure of the revered founder of the Islamic Republic Imam Khomeini.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has condemned Israel's killing of a young Palestinian paramedic near the Gaza fence as another stain of shame for the regime.
Israeli soldiers killed, Saturday, a Palestinian worker in Hebron, in the southern part of the occupied West Bank, while he and other workers were conducting work for the Hebron City Council to rehabilitate and expand a road near the Ibrahimi Mosque.
Imam Hassan the 2nd Holy Imam of the Shia Muslims and the leader of the youth in Heaven was born in the holy city of Medina on 15th Ramadhan in third year after Hijrah. On the Joyous, Happy and auspicious occasion of the birthday anniversary of Imam Hasan we extend our heartiest greetings and warm felicitations to the Millions strong Muslim Nation.
Sayyed al-Houthi: We will defend Yemeni western coast / Saudi Arabia, Emirates puppets of US, Israel
The Leader of Yemen’s Ansarullah movement says Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are puppets of Washington and Tel Aviv.
Tehran provisional Friday Prayers leader condemned the enemies’ hatred towards Iran and Islam, saying even if Iran gives up its missile program, the Animosity towards it will continue.
On the seventh day of the auspicious month of Ramadan, the heads of government branches, officials, government authorities, a group of senior managers as well as political, social and cultural activists met with Ayatollah Khamenei on May 23, 2018.
AhlulBayt World Assembly has issued a statement on occasion of first anniversary of Sheikh Isa Qassim’s house arrest in Bahrain.
Coinciding with the Arrival of Holy Ramadan 1439 AH, the "Ahlulbayt News Agency – ABNA”, is going to hold the 2nd International Cartoon Festival on International Al-Quds Day under the title of “Quds; the Eternal Capital of Palestine”. Cartoonist around the world can attend.
Tehran's provisional Friday Prayers Leader Hojjatoleslam Kazzem Seddiqi blasted certain Arab leaders for their indifference and silence on the ongoing massacre of the Palestinians by the Israeli regime in the Gaza Strip.
Leader of Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei said that Palestinian liberation is a divine tradition.
information for the foreign citizens wishing to complete a full course of training in one of the offered educational programs and to gain the diploma of Bratsk State University
Admission Rules of Federal State Budgetary Educational Institution of Higher Education «Bratsk State University» for training in educational programs of higher education (Bachelor’s degree programs, Specialist’s programs, Master’s degree programs)
SSL Error forget being concise let's extend this to an arbitrary number of characters so that it lets me actually post a simple topic (1)
I went on vacation with my hubby to Ireland and left the internet behind. So sorry for the hiatus, but it gave me a little time to refocus and just enjoy living. It gets tough when you are a mom of 3 to have time to just think on what makes you tick and spend some quality time with your best friend i.e. the hubby. Although, it was “work” trip, it was a celebration of the best of the best in Ryan’s company.
I was fortunate to meet and spend time with Ryan’s teammates. I’d heard so many good things about them from Ryan and it was awesome to put faces to names.
Let me tell you, they are smart, kind, and extremely funny individuals and their spouses/family members/ and partners are pretty darn great, too. I totally get why these people are the top people in the company. They work hard and focus on their goals, but they are also a total joy to be around.
Which reminds me, I have not finished what I had started and it is time to get back to my 25 Day Not So Comfy Challenge. So, my first challenge back has a lot to do with getting right with my soul.
Today, I would say that I completed another uncomfortable challenge, but I must admit that it is not completed nor never will be.
Today, I went to church. (No, that was not the challenge.:)) Most times I spend the worship clasping my hands tightly together slightly self-conscious. I basically hold my hands prisoner. I have no idea why I won’t ever just let them float up in praise. I believe God deserves my praise, but the totally flawed part of me is embarassed in some weird way. And, usually I allow myself to praise God even if I have jailed my arms. Raising your hands up in worship is not required. I still feeling connected to God and am still singing His praises. But, I know I am holding back.
I am always grateful for the time I spend in total appreciation for the heart that beats within me, the life I have been allowed to lead, and the joys and I have been given. But, I have long felt like I have not worshiped in abandon with only the connection of God as my only focus.
Today that was my challenge. I wanted to truly be with God and worship with abandon. And, maybe it seems a bit odd to make the decision to do anything with abandon. It feels like that shouldn’t require thought, shouldn’t require decision, and shouldn’t require committing to an action.
So, today while I started with my hands clasped together so tightly, I let them break apart. Palms in the air, arms slowly rising, tears freely falling as I praised His name. My soul felt free. I felt consumed by the spirit. And, the indescribable thankfulness and peace I experienced were things that I had not felt in a very long time.
It was a reminder of what I live for and what is important. By giving up myself for mere moments, I gained renewed clarity. God is good!
And, while this isn’t necessarily a religious post, I hope if you are reading this and feel lost or abandoned or like you have gone so far there is going back, God loves you and there is a purpose for your life.
laminate flooring in kitchen laminate tiles for kitchen contemporary best tile flooring com in laminate flooring kitchen install.
laminate flooring kitchen pros cons install cabinets gorgeous examples of wood for your around island,laminate flooring kitchen backsplash under cupboards from carpet world in laying cabinets,laminate flooring kitchen waterproof choose simple in and ideas home installation kitchens under cabinets with dark,does laminate flooring go under kitchen cabinets grey slate tile effect black installation kitchens installing around,laminate flooring kitchen pros cons should match cabinets installation kitchens under review one year later tundra its always,flooring ideas subway tiles laminate for kitchen with uk installing around cabinets matching to,laying laminate flooring under kitchen cabinets matching to best for bathrooms floors excellent on floor with dark,does laminate flooring go under kitchen cabinets with dark best ideas ace hardware floor install,install laminate flooring kitchen cabinets pros cons uk floors in,laminate flooring kitchen cabinets install around island for superior durability combining modern and installing.
An experience no one should ever be put through but they are every day.. This is the reality of care in the UK mental health services for many ppl.
My name is Caroline Breslin. I am writing to you because I would like to make a formal complaint about my treatment by mental health services. When you reply to me please would you also send a copy of your reply to my advocate:
My complaint is about the ongoing effects of my treatment in H Ward in 2015 and the follow up care given to me in 2016. Before I set out details of my complaint I would first like to give some background about my experience at an earlier time because I see it as all connected. At my first contact with psychiatric services in 2008 Dr gave me a contraindicated drug Amyl Sulphide that was not meant to be taken with citalopram antidepressant. This resulted in me being very heavily sedated to the extent that I was unable to organise leaving house for counselling therapy offered by the service so I was cut off from their services and basically existed in a heavily sedated state until I ended up in a manic state in 2012 or 2013, which I blame on the contraindicated drug given alongside the anti depressant citalopram.and the services allowed me to re-engage with them. I never had mania before or since, apart from once mild flight or fight in 2004 when my dad died and I was mugged and assaulted twice in Dublin; it was a reaction to these traumas. I have problems with dates as I have complex PTSD which was a result of my treatment by police and mental health services. I am currently receiving help privately as I will never trust the statutory psychiatric services ever again.
I was sectioned to H Ward on 15 Oct 2015, and discharged from the section around 15 November 2015. I was offered a very high dose of quietiapine which was much higher than I had been taking previously. I refused this so then was given forced injections – to this day I do not know what drug it was. I was given up to five maybe six intra-muscular injections. I was left with a lump on my right buttock that to this day causes me physical pain and discomfort.
I would like to point out that I was sectioned following police intervention in a domestic dispute. This was as a result of crossed wires. My past experience of police when I lived in Dublin had been very traumatic. My treatment at the hands of the police on this occasion totally terrified me and severely traumatised me and the traumas continued until I disengaged with the psychiatric services in after the summer of 2016. I would like to stress that I did not attack anyone nor behave in an uncontrollable manner in H ward.
While I was detained in H ward I injured my leg which needed treatment, but it was nearly two weeks before I was taken to hospital for an x-ray, despite repeated requests by my flatmate. My leg was severely swollen from the injury which turned out to be a severed achilles tendon, which to this day causes me discomfort and significant pain and difficulty walking any distance. Because of the swelling my footwear did not fit and the ward insisted I wear slippers which they gave me; these were unsuitable as the inside heel was not covered and this caused me pain.
Upon leaving the unit in Nov 2015 I disengaged from mental health services services but then reengaged Feb / March 2016. After a few weeks the injected drugs (I don’t know what they were as I was never told when I asked) started to cause major physical and mental withdrawal symptoms. It was then I agreed to have the mental health services help me. A decision I have come to deeply regret. I was then placed under Dr S. I began treatment with Dr S at the end of January, or February 206. I explained I felt it may be the injections making me feel so mentally and physically ill. I was not listened to. I was ignored and felt bullied and pressurised by Dr S and by my care coordinator and support worker into continuing their line of medication treatment. My flat mate witnessed this bullying and pressurising by those who were meant to be helping me, as I asked her to come with me to some meetings.
Dr S and the team proceeded to pressurise me into taking very high doses of medications namely seroquel, zopiclone, benzodiazapines, and various other medications. When I had side effects from the drugs Dr S diagnosed these as more mental illnesses, and refused to acknowledge how obviously physically sick I was becoming to the point of not being able to eat at all or sleep or to go to the toilet normally as I was severely constipated and was urinating for over 25 mins every time I needed to use toilet. Also I lost the ability to communicate properly with others, my very essence of who I am was destroyed. I was severely dehydrated and my skin turned black and nails started to turn black and have holes in them I was also suffering very bad nerve pain at night that travelled up my legs to the rest of my body, extremely uncomfortable nerve and body pain that I am very convinced was caused by these psychiatric drugs.
by seroquel or the combination of these toxic drugs I was prescribed and found almost impossible to come off or reduce dosage. Also I am very concerned about the unknown not studied long term effects of these drugs on an individual given to them by mental health professionals. One instance relating to these side effects was my skin starting to turn very dark which prompted support worker to say how great it was my tan from summer 2015 had lasted into March or April 2016. My very obvious physical and mental distress was put down to my being extremely mentally ill. No effort was made to even listen to my concerns and my understanding that the many injections I was given during a short time 3 1/2 weeks in H in Oct 2015, was what caused the severe physical and mental effects upon me when those drugs wore off and left my body.
In late December 2015 to early January 2016 I started to experience severe withdrawal effects from the injections they had given me in H ward. However when I complained of adverse effects from the medication it was implied that I was like this because I was very mentally unwell, and that I did not know what was good for me as I was in no fit state to know my own mind. I was not listened to and the team refused to acknowledge or hear my obvious distress and suffering. I believe if I had been listened to and the injections and the withdrawal effects from them researched further into I would not have suffered so much and so cruelly and unnecessarily under Somerset Partnership Trust’s mental health services. Instead I was judged unable to know my own mind and my valid fears and concerns were ignored.
Since my extremely traumatic experiences in H I have refused to engage with the mental health services in……….
I will not let this matter lie as I have suffered very significant harm mentally and physically through no fault of my own. I believe that those who were meant to be helping have in fact damaged me very significantly mentally and physically. I have PTSD which is mainly as a result of my treatment at the hands of so called professionals who behaved, in my opinion, in a very barbaric manner.
· I was not listened to regarding my views about medication, and I was bullied and pressurised by the treatment team
I would like there to be a thorough investigation of my complaint and an independent clinical review of the treatment decisions. The indiscriminate use of powerful medication has caused me great damage and I would like this to be acknowledged and for changes to be made so that others do not suffer as I have done.
This morning I met with my local MP Jessica Morden. Jessica represents Labour and is the parliamentary representative for the Newport East constituency. Over the past few years that I have known Jessica we have had two face-to-face meetings scheduled that have unfortunately not materialised due to me being sectioned on both occasions by mental health authorities. It was to be third time lucky and it was with great pleasure that, without any unwanted intrusions, I attended Jessica’s surgery at Caldicot library today.
In Wales, health is a devolved matter and most of the issues I have with Mental Health Authorities fall into the remit of Jessica’s Welsh Assembly cohort, John Griffiths AM. I had a productive meeting with John Griffiths AM a couple of months ago and we are still following up with work based on what was discussed at that meeting, with Welsh Minister for Health Vaughan Gething currently attending to my plight. Parliament, however, does house the Mental Health Act, the legislation that governs Mental Health care in this country and I felt that a meeting with Jessica Morden MP would be of paramount importance in order for me to successfully challenge the provisions of this Act. After being contained within the mental health system for approximately 20 years I am especially keen to find a permanent solution to escape this legislation as a persecuted individual and also to build a better future system for the healthcare users of tomorrow.
Jessica welcomed my partner, Nicola and I, with warm smiles and an invite to take a seat in her office. Jessica was accompanied by an assistant who was very helpful throughout the meet. Jessica was pleased that I had previously met with John Griffiths and from the outset of our meeting Jessica was graced with an air of positivity and a desire to help me change the system for the better. I explained the circumstances of my most recent hospitalisation, when pure ‘thought crime’ was invented and acted upon and how I was shepherded off to detention and tortured for several months before the Mental Health Review Tribunal Courts overturned the psychiatrists and, finding in my favour, secured my release. Only 5% of patient appeals ever result in success and despite the long wait for justice,I felt that it had been served and that I was a lucky man. I made it clear that after that judgement I had sought to avoid psychiatric services completely, failing to engage with social services or medics. For the past six months I have been successfully living outside of the mental health system and have been re-attending university, getting on with life. I explained to Jessica that I aimed to continue this progress outside the auspices of Mental Health.
Jessica wanted to know about the progress of my complaints. I explained that Perry Attwell of Aneurin Bevan university Health Board Trust, acting on behalf of Chief executive, Judith Paget, was still dealing with two ongoing complaints and also that I was awaiting a response from the Public Service Ombudsman for Wales. I explained the detail of my latest complaint within the system relating to my drinks ban at the Castle Inn, Caldicot – the psychiatrist and police had informed the landlord of the Castle Inn, Steve Gribble, that he wasn’t to serve me alcohol as it interfered with the prescribed mental health medications. Jessica felt that this was rather bizarre and that the mental health authorities were over-extending their powers unnecessarily in the community. It is an ongoing matter where I aim to use the Equality Act in court against the pub landlord and once the complaints have been resolved I aim to bring the matter before the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office) who could fine the health authority £500 000 for illegally disclosing confidential private medical details.
I have a lifetime award of DLA (Disability Living Allowance) for my mental health conditions. Due to government changes to the benefits system I am currently in the process of having to reapply and migrate over to PIP (Personal Independence Payment). This whole shift has been a controversial government policy and many difficulties have been created for the often marginalised disabled community across the country. Jessica was glad that I have been getting support from Monmouthshire Mind and she offered to appoint some government PIP advisors to assist my case, something that I was especially grateful for.
Jessica pointed out that only last week, Prime Minister Theresa May had made some further, controversial alterations to how difficult mental health sufferers would find the application for PIP. I explained that I was aware of this and dismayed that the news had so successfully been oppressed by the mainstream media. I did, however, explain how I had been impressed by some of the changes that Mrs May had made to the mental health system. At End Of Terror, we started tweeting Theresa May during her time as Home Secretary and it was during this period that she started to divorce the cosy relationship the police had been having with mental health services. Theresa May has now dramatically reduced police involvement in mental health care and police cells are no longer to be used as ‘Places of Safety’ under the Mental Health Act. I welcomed this change and feel it improves the system no end. I had been a victim of some of the most horrific human rights abuses by Gwent Police over the course of my extended life as a mental patient.
We were discussing charities in mental health and I said that I was often frustrated by the activities of MIND, who I felt actually were quite powerless in the quest to genuinely support mental patients. I want there to be wholesale changes to the Mental Health Act, in particular for Treatment Against Consent to be abolished. Jessica wondered if there were any charities that were set up that could support my anti-psychiatry stance. I said that the closest i had found so far was the CCHR (Citizens Commission on Human Rights). I praised their stance on anti-psychiatry and also the volumes of material that this charity releases online to combat Big Pharma and the slavery-like Mental Health industry.
In university I have been studying the Francophone Caribbean. We have covered slavery and colonialism, from the French perspective, of the controversial slave trade that persisted in the French Atlantic Triangle. Slaves were moved wholesale across the ‘Middle Passage’ from Africa to the French Antilles where they were bound to masters and forced to work plantations, providing the capitalist goods and profits for their European overlords. Coffee, Sugar, Indigo and Cotton flooded the economy back home in France and vast profits were made by this now recognised as criminal enterprise. It was the epitome of the Capitalist system. I explained how the whole French slave system was legalised and regulated by the introduction of the French King of the ‘Code Noir’. These laws were controversial and in today’s light can be seen as very brutal as they set out the policies for punishing the property that were slaves, by cutting hamstrings and whipping for misdemeanours. I equated the UK Mental Health Act of today with the ‘Code Noir’. It is a modern day Code Noir, legislating a modern form of slavery, again driven by capitalism and producing vast profits. The Mental Health Act is inhumane and in today’s age of modern enlightenment, should be abolished.
I explained how I wanted Jessica to somehow put me in touch with government think tanks and health policymakers so that I could continue to lobby for real change in Mental Health. I feel that the voice of individuals, who suffer the system, is suppressed. The decision makers who determine law are simply unaware of the real experiences of those on the front line, fighting the battle. Jessica was intrigued to learn of exactly what happened tome during my most recent stay in hospital. I went into detail to explain just exactly how degrading depot injections against consent can be and the indeterminable suffering that they produce, turning the patient into a zombie who is unable to read anything, to concentrate, to move about or to focus on basic life. These depot injections are about the most powerful weapon in the psychiatrists’ arsenal and they overuse them, disabling and rendering useless a vast swathe of the mental health population.
Jessica concluded the meeting by saying how she would be following up on what we discussed and, with her aide, she arranged to visit the House of Commons library to conduct some follow-up research. I have produced a document for Jessica Morden and John Griffiths, outlining the key areas where I wish to see change.
Jessica said that she could see that I was in very good health and kindly wished me all the best with my continued studies at Cardiff University.
My whole case is an ongoing matter. After 20 years in the system, I struggle to make sense of the war but feel that today’s meeting with Jessica can certainly be marked as being positive, encouraging and hopefully will produce long term results that satisfy the End Of Terror campaign against mental health abuses. The people of Newport East are lucky to have such fine political representatives as Jessica and John. They both earn their votes and devote considerable time to improving all of our lives locally. If ever you have an issue, please do not hesitate in contacting them and you will be surprised just exactly how helpful they can both be. I look forward to continuing to lobby for improvements in Mental Health and look forward to fighting the whole overall war with renewed vigour.
Posted on 4th March 2017 4th March 2017 Author Wez GCategories End Of Terror, Mental Health, Mental Health Act, Mental Health Law, Mental Patients, Personal Mental Health Experience, PoliticsTags Aneurin Bevan University Health Board, Caldicot, cardiff university, castle inn, CCHR, Citizens Commission on Human Rights, code noir, Disability Living Allowance, DLA, equality act, french atlantic triangle, french caribbean, Gwent Police, House of Commons, ICO, Information Commissioner's Office, jessica morden, Jessica Morden MP, john griffiths, John Griffiths AM, Judith Paget, labour, Mental health, Mental Health Act, mental health review tribunal, MIND, Mind Monmouthshire, Newport East, Perry Attwell, Personal Independence Payment, PIP, place of safety, Prime Minister, Public Service Ombudsman, slavery, steve gribble, theresa may, Vaughan Gething2 Comments on End Of Terror Meeting with Politician, Jessica Morden MP
I’ve written two articles already on policing and mental health. The impact of this particular episode still hasn’t quite sunk in. Bang out of order is obviously one of my judgements. Equally, writing this blog, just knowing firsthand exactly what the British police are capable of, means that my life is in potential danger as something equally as bad or worse could quite easily happen at any time.
I was just reading a fellow DJ’s Facebook about returning home to a key UK airport to see heavily armed police officers ‘greeting’ people as they got off the plane. OK. We may be on whatever alert, but I do passionately disagree with the arming of the police. Unless laws are passed for the general public to have the right to bear arms, it is unfair to arm a civilian force. Army and other military services, by all means, weapons are a necessity. But not the police. They do not have responsible enough a mentality to be given the easy power over life and death that a trigger brings. I speak from experience.
If you actually ever look at the mental health act, when you are admitted to a hospital or sectioned, you are supposed to go through a process of assessment. There are balances and checks in place. I do believe that the process is unfair as it stands. However, over the years the mental health system has been opening up to allow the police more and more involvement and they more or less have a free reign today. The ‘Place Of Safety’ in the legislation allows them to use their premises as mental hospital holding cells. As soon as I heard of the police being armed with tasers I was against the idea. I don’t believe that any form of weapon can be safely deemed as providing non-lethal force, in particular a ballistic weapon. it is no surprise to me that there are so many deaths caused by tasers.
I was spending the evening in my home studio, making music. I use Ableton and have various MIDI instruments that plug into it. I was having a quiet jam on my keyboard and laying down the foundations of a new tune. It’s quite a creative process, making music and is very tranquil and relaxing as a producer, although repetitively listening to the same beat patterns as you build up a track from scratch can be frustrating for other people to listen to. My missus has to put up with a lot of this. On that particular evening, she decided to pop out to see her friend down the road. Nicola went and I carried on making music. I powered down the studio for a while and went out to the kitchen to grab a bite to eat. I was in my dressing gown, as I often am at home. As I returned from the kitchen into my living room, all of a sudden I felt a jolt and these wires seemed to be coming out of nowhere at me. I looked down and I had some sharp metallic objects in my heart, with cables attached that were whirling around and heading for me. I immediately, AND I MEAN IMMEDIATELY, ripped at my chest to remove these objects. The wires came flying out and scattered away, off to my left. I had thought I was alone in the flat. I couldn’t get these metal rods out of my chest. Suddenly there was a clatter at the front door as it was being forced open. I ran over to the door, opened it quickly as the intruders were trying to break in and strongly slammed it shut on the intruders and double locked it. They couldn’t get in.
I still had the metal in my chest and wanted it out. It was in my heart, two tiny rods of aluminium-looking, man-made material, with bits of plastic and other junk attached. I knew who the intruders were now, as obviously, I had seen them when I shut the door. It was the police. They now had a battering ram to the door and were attempting to force it; yet couldn’t. They couldn’t muster the strength. There was a hell of a noise coming from them. Lots of shouting and panic. I was alone in my home and I have to say, was truly scared. This was a life or death situation. I took and air rifle pellet in my backside as a kid but this was the first time I had been shot with a gun. I finally just ripped at the metal and they were barbed, fish-hook like prongs that were retaining the rods in my chest. They were almost impossible to remove. I realised that it was a taser that had been fired at me and was thanking my lucky stars that I had managed to rip the wires out prior to the post-impact electric shock being discharged. The idiots had not only randomly shot an unarmed man, minding his own business, in his own home, but they had also misfired their own weapon. I didn’t have any weapons in my home to defend myself and was left to the mercy of what happened when they eventually got in. Alone, with no witnesses, the panic set in. I had removed the metal as best I could and realised that I wasn’t going to die from the first shot. Blood was gushing out of the open wound and it bloody well stung, like never before. It’s a truly horrible feeling, reminded me of how you feel inside your body, under the cosh of the biological weapons they use in mental health treatment. It’s just that this was exterior, on the body, and not inside.
I decided that I needed to inform the public in order to protect myself. I was still trying to figure out how they had shot the weapon. They weren’t inside the house. Either they had fired through the open front window or had fired through the letter box. Either way, there was no warning, either in human voice or any noise at all. I knew they had tried to assassinate me and I just didn’t want to be a random statistic of police murder. I looked out the front room window and, there was, I’d estimate, about 50 or so police officers. All in uniform, milling around. I screamed at the top of my lungs: “HELP!!!” “I’ve Been Shot!” – I felt that I had to let people know. In a life or death situation you have tremendous power in your voice. Despite having a serious traumatic injury to my chest, I shouted louder than I’d ever shouted before. I decided that I would scream the neighbourhood, the whole town, down. I thought of every person I knew nearby, and others in the locality further afield. I was even screaming to friends far away in London, lest my voice should carry as far as it seemed to be able to. Members of the public started to gather and the police were sort of shepherding them around and trying to clear the vicinity. I knew they were up for another pop at me that night. Someone suggested that I jump out of the window but I didn’t really fancy flying out of the flats into a bunch of armed police for obvious safety reasons. There were witnesses now to me being alive. I decided to go off to my bedroom and try to relax in bed. They were still bashing hell out of the door and it would give at any moment. I felt that even the most heartless copper ain’t just going to shoot an unarmed man, naked in his own bed, in cold blood. I lay in bed, pretty sure that my time on this planet was coming to a close. I heard the front door give and was just hoping that the duvet would protect against any further taser shots. I’ve taken a full mains electric shock before, whilst setting up DJ equipment, and electric shocks are not pleasant. Your heart has a weakness after one full shock and is never quite the same.
It took ages for them to open the bedroom door after entering the building. I could hear loads of noise. Movement of people. Suddenly a plastic shield came through the door and hordes of riot police stormed into my bedroom, their shiny metal helmets peaking above the heavy-duty reinforced, hardened plastic riot shields. I’d never been in a riot or demonstration so had only ever seen riot police on TV or in photographs or internet videos. They surrounded the bed with their shields protecting them completely. I was just glad that they hadn’t shot me and I couldn’t see any weapons. I just stayed calm and quiet and then about 8 of them just dived on me, riots shields down, and were trying to squash / suffocate me. They just bounced off me really and it was a non-effective whatever-it-was-supposed-to-be. They all seemed pretty much in a right panic. Eventually, one broke the silence and I realised he was Scottish.
Being a Liverpool fan, there are a lot of links between Rangers and Celtic and our club. I just started having a conversation with this guy from out of town as his mates continued to act silly with their weapons etc. I have to be fair to this guy. He did look a bit shocked and disillusioned with the whole situation.
Someone else took command as they did some sort of hold on me and started lifting me out of bed. They have manoevres, these riot police and I was surrounded by large plastic shields at all times. As I was naked they decided it was appropriate to get me dressed. It’s a surreal experience, I can tell you. Watching a bunch of armed, grown men with plastic shields and helmets and sparkly badges with ‘police’ on, fish around your bedroom, while you’re naked, boxed in by plastic, with blood pissing out of your chest from a misfired taser. I explained to the guy, that the Bermuda Shorts he dug out of my drawer. just didn’t fit me. I hadn’t worn them since I was about 12. I was trying to help the situation. stay calm, release the pressure. Talk to a copper on duty though and they think you’re trying to be smart. They got heavy handed and were forcing me into the shorts. In the end, as we had now shuffled into my living room, a couple of them realised that the shorts just weren’t going on and it wasn’t the best thing to do to a man in his own home, forcibly dress him into child’s clothes. I just kept saying softly, ‘just let me put the shorts on’ They were petrified and trying to cover up what was obviously quite an extreme incident. Someone managed to fetch another pair of shorts from back in the bedroom. I was getting frustrated because they were in my living room causing havoc. They broke my computer system, my studio monitor speakers and ripped all my wiring out. Just out-and-out criminal vandals. I cannot believe how inhumane these people are. Eventually I had a pair of surf shorts on. It was a freezing cold night. I was bleeding, been shot in the chest, attacked by riot police and now I was to be dragged into the middle of my neighbourhood in the dead of night in a pair of surf shorts. Not very practical, Mr Policeman, really? Simple health training. Normally when someone is shot, first aid is applied, especially if the weapon has, perhaps, misfired? They seemed more keen on removing the remnants of the taser in my front room than anything else. Bloody wires everywhere.
If their idea of helping a shot human is to help him get dressed in his old shorts, then they really need to go back to the drawing board. Emergency services? it’s no wonder we have so many bloody disasters in this country. They are incompetent. It’s just inappropriate. How are this lot supposed to deal with an actual riot where the people are actually committed to achieving their aims? They don’t even understand how to get dressed? I can just picture police across the country waking up every morning for mummy to slip on their pants for them and help them get to the potty toilet. They couldn’t blow out a candle with a fire extinguisher: the idiots!
Outside the property, and there were lots of people. The fear for my life hadn’t quite dissipated. Obviously, when you are being kidnapped after being shot, the fear doesn’t erode at all really. Until I get home to my bedroom after the whole charade, however much time it takes, everything is by force, and everyone can be regarded as an unnatural encounter.
Back of the van. I just zoned out in the van. The pain in my heart was great and I know that I was at risk of heart failure. I was not aware of any rulebook to guide you from, when you are shot. It doesn’t help that you aren’t getting immediate medical assistance and I will be eternally grateful to the police for that. Handcuffed (incidentally they went on back in the bedroom – yet still they had to crush me with the riot shields), I was banged into the back of a van. A long time to get going as they were doing their ‘hush, hush, nice police in front of the public operation’ to ease the crowded streets into believing that they were somehow doing some form of fitful employment and public service.
By the time we reached our destination, I just felt like it would be safer to feign unconsciousness and just to fall out of the back of the van when the doors opened, just in case there were any surprises awaiting. It’s a complete bastard, having an open chest wound with shrapnel remnants in it and being handcuffed behind your back, unable to tend to your own wounds. We were at the Royal Gwent hospital in Newport and I was wheel-chaired in to a new little corner of it, shall we say ‘the police’s special room’. The Royal Gwent is a good hospital and I’ve had top notch treatment there over the years. All the time. Except on this occasion. In ‘police corner’ you get junior nurses who do not understand how to use expensive heart monitoring equipment. You get crazed coppers running the whole show. I do not believe that I met a trained doctor throughout the whole incident. It was like some sort of twisted perverted medical saga. They seemed to be getting some sort of thrill by pretending that they were actual nurses. There were two male police officers, quite young, probably the same age as myself, maybe a little younger. One of them was quiet and didn’t speak. the other just kept repeatedly, in a sort of spaced out drone-like mantra, saying. ‘Hi Wesley, I’m your friend!’ He repeated it about 300 times that night. I might have possibly seen the guy once before on a police mental hospital kidnap operation, But i have never spoken to him at all in my life. Never once met him. I don’t know who the hell he is. He’s not my friend. Talk about stalkers! I’m repeatedly asking him to un-cuff me so that I can get medical attention and at the very least tend to myself. I just thought this guys is just so unbelievably sick that I don’t know how I am going to every have faith in the human species again. They were just sort of mincing around, waiting for me to die, in some way of ‘natural causes’. I was detained at this hospital for seemingly forever. then i got bundled back in the van. no medical care at all. Nor medical staff to explain anything and i was just being rotated around by two clueless policemen in full uniform with handcuffs on and some gaping wounds which by now and ceased oozing of their own accord.
It was the short journey to their gaff now. At this stage I was just hoping they’d take me to St. Cadocs’. Whereas, at St. Cad’s there are plenty of ex-police officers on the nursing staff, at least they don’t parade around in uniform and I actually know some of the nursing staff quite well, enough to have a sensible occasional human-to-human conversation.
Back in ‘police world’ I was escorted into Newport Central and, finally, the cuffs were removed. I just couldn’t believe I was alive. My body was numb with shock and I had shooting pains in every direction. I felt never more in need of a medic in my entire life. I was put in a cell with no camera and weirdly they left the door open. The same two police stayed outside the cell all night and I was just walking back and for, in and out of the cell, trying to speak to them, as when they are on their own turf they settle right down and are far less weird than in public. I just tried persuading them to just call it a day and take me home to my missus who used to be a nurse and we could all forget about the little incident earlier. Obviously police don’t quite grasp the reality or the impact they have on people and it was a no-go zone.
I knew I wasn’t getting medical attention and it is imperative that you somehow calm down. I eventually got an hour of snooze on the cell bench. I wasn’t keen on having an open door as I slept,. Especially with two police outside. After all that had occurred. But, survival is survival, I guess.
Next day, transfer to Beechwood secure ward, St. Cadoc’s Hospital, Caerleon. And this is the point where I object, based on what has come to light to me in the past month. I am handed over by the police to a police-employed forensic psychiatrist who will treat me for mental illness against my consent for an indeterminable period. Dr Darryl Watts (see full details here… ) sectioned me under the mental health act immediately. I had zero physical medical attention for my injuries., this man is a convicted felon. Now it’s all very well me banging on about his child sex convictions. I am not a child and we live in a world where there are paedophiles. Deal with it. What alarms me is, that, when you read the articles about his sick habits in the papers, it isn’t just child porn he fetishes about. He is into extreme violence and some weird conspiracy sort of nonsense. He is a dangerous man, who is unreformed as he has never served any time and been punished for his convictions. He does not understand remorse and is a danger to society.. A long time after this whole escapade, I was told off the record by an off-duty policeman, in the knowing loop, that Dr Darryl Watts had ordered the whole taser operation on me.
To see these police charge into my home, rip my life apart another time, attempt to murder me and realise they are all doing it on the orders and advice of a 30 hour a week child porn addict….. Where indeed does this place the British legal system? Yes, Watts won several hearings again this time in Mental Health Review Tribunal Courts. What sort of world is it that I can be judged ill in the head when these people are just not natural at all, nor human?
A long time has passed since then and I’m recovering from the scars. I still wonder the trajectory of the weapon. I’d love to come face to face with whoever pulled the trigger. See what sort of person that they actually are. Not that I’ll ever know.
On a quiet note, just to bring some rationale back, to myself as much as anything…. I can remember when I was taught how to use firearms. On a farm in New Zealand, my mother’s family farm, out in the country, outside Wanganui: My Uncle Johnny took me out hunting. He taught me how to use a shotgun and I took a rabbit – they are pests on the farmland in NZ. It’s a dark feeling post-trigger, and seeing an animal die in front of your eyes is a sight to behold. Shortly after taking kill I was back, aiming. I had a lovely pretty bird, way up in the tops of the trees in the telescopic sight. My Uncle just checked to see what I was aiming at. He asked me softly and i described the bird – its bright plumage, green and beautiful;. He said, ‘Stop Wez’ – ‘don’t fire!’. I had half slipped the trigger and it was on the point of a shot. i relaxed my finger and asked him “why?”‘ “oh, that’s a native pigeon and they are protected birds under Maori law and it is illegal to kill them. You’ll get into trouble if you shoot that one.” I learnt the difference between a fluffy rabbit and a native pigeon and it was a wonderful day. The farm cats feasted on the rabbit and i got to keep its tail.
Guns are dangerous, people, and the police should not be carrying them, certainly not for medical purposes.
Posted on 16th January 2015 16th January 2015 Author Wez GCategories Controversial, Detainment, Dr Darryl Watts, End Of Terror, Evil Mental Health Workers, Evil Psychiatrists, Gwent Police, Human Rights, Mental Health, Mental Health Law, Mental Health Services, Personal Mental Health Experience, police, police state, Psychiatrists, Psychiatry, TortureTags Aneurin Bevan University Health Board, bad policing, Caldicot, Caldicot police, crazy police, crime, criminals sex offender doctor, Dr Ballantyne-Watts, Dr Darryl Watts, forensic psychiatry, Gwent Police, IPCC, Mental health, misfired taser, native pigeon, new zealand, newport, Newport Central, place of safety, police attempted murder, police crime, police psychiatrist, police shooting, policing, Psychiatry, riot police, royal gwent, taser, Wales5 Comments on Police Brutality and Mental Health – PART 3
Here is another letter of complaint about a Dr Darryl Watts incident. this complaint resides with a senior nursing manager (Perry Attwell) at Aneurin Bevan University Health Board. It shows how trivial medical staff can be in the mental health system.
Further to our telephone conversation, I am writing you an email, as requested, with Karen Newman cc’ed.
I would like to request that you reinvestigate the incident which I already reported to you regarding the acuphase I endured at the hands of Dr Darryl Watts. I found this particular incident to be one of the worst incidences of malicious medical malpractice I have ever witnessed and believe that it clearly indicates Watts’ un-reformed criminal character.
Whereas I have found it unsettling to discover Watts’ past demons, I do smell blood here and will not let my enemies have a wink of sleep. I will not let this matter rest, purely from a vengeful perspective. Watts went out of his way to take 4 whole days out of my time and life (plus recovery) by delivering an unnecessary acuphase.
He thought it was particularly funny and Gareth Lane and himself had a good giggle at the time. I hope that giggling now haunts him because it has fired me into action. He wants to go out of his way to ruin my life, then I will let as much of the public know about his own failures in life and his own sick ideas on reality.
I was an inpatient under Watts’ treatment at Talygarn. I like drinking green tea and always have my own green teabags. It is an antioxidant and helps combat the torture chemicals you use by force upon me during incarceration. The teacups at Talygarn were small and it was difficult to get a good brew from them. I asked the staff and got the staff’s permission to bring in my own mug so that I could enjoy my green tea more whilst an inpatient.
Nicola, my partner, brought me a mug from home and on entering Talygarn at visiting time she was subjected to a search by nurse in charge, Jayne Hughes (one of Agi Tyson’s good friends and working colleagues). By the time I managed to locate Nicola she was crying her eyes out and Jayne was screaming at her. Jane banned her from visiting me any more and entering Talygarn as Nicola had brought contraband into the ward. The coffee mug was deemed an offensive weapon. I tried explaining that I had staff permission for the coffee mug. Jane threw Nicola out. She then called in Dr Watts and Gareth Lane who decided that it would be a good idea to implement their obvious punishment strategy a further notch (due to Agi Tyson affair).
Watts and Lane, while giggling uncontrollably took me into a room where Lane was physically threatening and Watts thought he’d get in on the act too, while being protected by his insane nurse. They ordered me off to Beechwood for four days for Acuphase as a result of Nicola bringing me a coffee mug.
Acuphase, as I need not explain is a pretty serious affair. This was completely unnecessary. I travelled down to the secure Beechwood Ward and accepted my fate. I didn’t resist as I didn’t blame the Beechwood staff for just following the orders of their employment. The nurse, Paul (with moustache) who administered the injections did tell me (and he wanted it off the record) that he really disagreed with his instructions in this incident as he knew that Watts was out of order and that I didn’t require acuphase.
I tried writing a letter of complaint at the time but it was torn up by Beechwood staff when I gave it to them to deliver to the Hospital managers. I think I may have written another note to the managers but of course the matter went unresolved. I also did inform you verbally in person about the incident at the time but no action was ever taken to investigate or discipline Watts, Lane and Jane.
I would like this matter looked at again as there must be medical notes in existence to verify that I am not a liar.
After the acuphase I returned to Talygarn and eventually returned home, although I think I lost several managers hearings / section appeals (as I usually do).
I actively tried to remove Watts as my psychiatrist from that point as I obviously regarded him as very dangerous. I also tried to avoid Lane. Eventually – a long time afterwards I was transferred out of forensic psychiatry and away from Watts although Lane persisted in harrassing me and treating me for a considerable amount of time afterwards. The fact that you are getting Lane to harrassingly call me and ruin my Christmas and enact police / section kidnaps – on my birthday no less, shows me that the immaturity and criminality of the local mental health system knows no bounds.
I would like this particular incident to be addressed, especially now in the knowledge that Watts was in fact a convicted criminal. I find the matter so deeply disturbing my feelings cannot be expressed in words.
As you might be able to tell, I am a little angry about the ridiculousness of this situation. It may be minor to the casual reader, but let me assure you that Acuphase is about the most serious form of mental health drug on the market and it makes you feel so bad that words cannot describe. It’s a serious misuse of medicine and clear negligence. All over the sake of a coffee cup… These doctors are out of their minds and out of control.
Here is the official response, from Aneurin Bevan University Health Board Chief Executive, Judith Paget…
As can be seen by the response to this complaint, the bosses of Darryl Watts have defended his abominal actions to the letter claiming he made good medical decisions. We are talking about a convicted paedophile who has no right to practise medicine, who is treating me, a non-criminal, against his consent, while detaining him, using the mental health act. I find the inability of Watts’ bosses to recognise malpractice as particularly irresponsible and most disturbing. It seems as though I will not be getting justice on this particular occasion and to be honest I feel that any for,m of justice in my plight against mental health is seemingly futile based on the clear cut defensive stance taken by senior NHS policy-makers towards their psychiatrists. Where can one obtain justice as a mental patient?
In this second post about my experiences of police brutality and mental health, I wish to discuss the nature of problems affecting diagnosed mental health victims when it comes to attempting to conventionally use police services.
If you’ve ever been a mental inpatient you are probably aware that the police’s jurisdiction does not extend to mental hospitals. There is no protection for incarcerated patients no matter how many times you contact police. Therefore you are forced to deal with crime inside a hospital environment on your own. This in itself is dangerous, especially when often it is the polices themselves who have removed you to the locked environment. I suppose, it could be argued that it makes sense not to want to seek help from an organisation that works on behalf of the secret prison system that is mental health lockup.
The problem I have found, is that once back in the community, attempting to build up your life, should you ever require the assistance of the police in a conventional way. To report a crime or anything else, you do not get standard service that a public user of their service might expect.
This dilemma is created by, despite diagnosed mental illness not (yet) being a criminal offence, it is recorded by the police and you do show on their system as being diagnosed mentally ill. When you call 999 or 101, caller display and police monitoring systems indicate immediately and you are flagged as a ‘mentally ill’ customer.
I first encountered the reality of this situation over a decade ago when, during a business dispute whereby some of my business’ equipment was illegally seized and I was attempting to recover it I was held hostage on someone else’s business premises with active threats of violence which I feared could result in murder. I felt I had no real alternative but to report the matter to the police, from a question of personal safety as much as anything else. Luckily, I had a mobile phone so I dialled 999 and reported the matter from within my locked environment.
After about 15 minutes the police turned up at the location. they entered the premises where the owner was actually in the room with me. The police entered, and despite me having given a lucid sane account of the crime I alleged, the police did nothing to the person I was reporting, but on entering the building put me up against the wall, inside the place where I’d been captive for about 90 minutes and started conducting a body search. I asked them exactly what they were doing as it was I who had contacted them and was the victim of a crime. The Asian officer, who I knew from the local Caldicot police (part of Gwent police), informed me that because I was mentally ill, this was standard procedure and he had to check me for concealed weapons which I obviously did not have. After conducting a thorough body search I asked him if he would now attend to the criminal matter at hand and that a) I wanted out of my hostage situation and if possible I wanted the recovery of my stolen computers and other business equipment that were being locked in a different part of the building. The police officer told me that I was trespassing and had to leave the premises without my equipment. I was quite shocked, but equally quite glad to be alive and no longer being held in a hostage situation. The police never followed up the matter at all, but I was very ill at ease and realised that I wouldn’t get conventional treatment from the police due to my mental health status. As a business you have to right off the occasional asset and possessions aren’t everything in this world. Health is a priority and preserving life is a necessary factor in living.
I tried my best not to ever contact them again but unfortunately many years later I had the misfortune of having to report a crime and felt that to make a 999 call was the only viable option.
My fiancée, Nicola, had a friend around our house for the evening. They had been enjoying themselves and having a few drinks whilst I was just minding my own business, ploughing away with my computer work…. running so many internet sites and social media takes a lot of dedicated effort! lol…
It came time for Nicola’s friend to go home. It was about midnight and she had booked a taxi. Nicola told me her friend was leaving and asked if I’d do the gentlemanly thing and escort her friend outside and to see her safely into the taxi. Of course, as chivalry demands I obliged and walked the lady outside. As she got into the taxi, a little drunk as she was, I Couldn’t believe my eyes when the taxi driver leant over her, strapped her seatbelt in and not realising that I was present, openly groped the passenger’s breast. I immediately protested and demanded to see the driver’s identity card. He showed me a ‘hackney carriage id’ with his photo on. I felt it strange that a local taxi in South Wales should have a London cabbie’s ID. The taxi sped off down the road before I could discuss matters further and sort the situation myself.
I rushed back inside and quickly explained to the missus what had happened. She was shocked and we both realised that the only people we could realistically call in this potential kidnap situation was the police on 999.
I reluctantly dialled ‘999’ and the operator speedily put me through to the police. As I was reporting the incident, I realised that I was speaking to a local police operator from her accent. the questioning seemed to be directed away from the incident and she seemed to be just gathering information on me. there was an obsession to get my details and not the details of the crime. It was like going through a standard call centre security check, like when you ring the bank. I suddenly realised that I had obviously flagged on their system as mentally ill and they were messing around. This, when Nicola’s friend’s life was in potential danger, made me angry. I hung up on the 999 call and immediately rang 999 again to try and get a better response from a different operator. I got put through to a police operator somewhere in the East Midlands if I remember correctly. I rushed through my incident report which was accepted well and she informed me that the matter was being dealt with and that the incident could expect a response.
After this 999 call ended, I quickly rang Nicola’s friends partner, who was waiting for her at home. I explained to him the situation and he was very worried, but luckily as we were talking, his drunken partner stumbled through the house door. Nicola and I breathed a sigh of relief and were just glad that the worst had not transpired in the incident. As we experienced relief we could hear a massive noise outside as vehicles started storming the neighbourhood. I realise it was the police arriving. Nicola went running outside to explain what had happened and that her friend was home safe.
I had my dressing gown on and was pondering about getting changed before I saw the police but I thought I’d better get outside and check that Nicola was OK.
This is where matters broke down and still to this day I cannot get my head around the actual lunacy that resulted. I have put in IPCC complaints etc about this and tried to pursue the matter but obviously it’s a waste of time dealing with that particular organisation.
I went through the front door and Nicola was about 25 metres away, surrounded by a group of yellow-vested police. She looked frightened and I was worried about what was happening. Stood on my front lawn I politely inquired of Nicola if she was Ok and all was OK. On hearing my voice, a second group of approximately 10-12 officers, saw me and in a military formation started rushing at me, as a group…. I raised my hands just to try and settle them. Perhaps they thought I was the reported criminal, and Nicola was the victim? This was not actually the case as the IPCC would have reported this to me when I entered my official complaint.
The police grabbed me. I offered no resistance at all, as obviously I had just dialled 999. I was thrown face down on the floor and handcuffed. The young PC, about 20 years old, who led the charge and had handcuffed me then proceeded to boot me in the back of the head and left his foot embedded in my neck, applying pressure. I couldn’t breathe at all and felt close to death. I was suffocating as I was face down in the mud with a boot in the back of my head / neck, obstructing my airways. I was in a stress position with my hands secured behind my back in cuffs. I started having an asthma attack after several minutes and somehow the officer’s heavy jackboot was removed from my neck. I was hyperventilating and just pleaded to see a doctor. He shouted at me that he was a doctor. As i re-caught my breath I was removed from the ground and escorted towards one of the waiting police vans. I asked them politely if they could get my inhaler from inside my home as I was having an asthma attack and needed it, especially anticipating I would be locked in the airtight, sealed back of a police van for a journey to wherever.
They refused to get an inhaler and were still surrounding Nicola in a military-style ring formation. I was concerned for my partner’s safety as I didn’t really want to leave her in the company of this particular section of police officers. You have no choice, however, and there was nothing I could do but quietly pray as the vehicle moved off. Cuffed, back of the wagon, not for the first time, hardly able to breathe. It is disturbing travelling in the back of a ‘meat wagon’ yet when you’ve been cuffed in the back of an ambulance the first time they introduced handcuffs to your life, travelling police-style isn’t as scary as people might imagine.
The van stopped and the doors were opened and I was grabbed out, yet the cuffs were not removed. I was at the back of Newport Central police station. I was escorted into the processing area. I thought I’d go straight to the custody desk and be able to get some sense out of the custody sergeant and at least be able to phone and check that Nicola was safe and well as that was my main concern. With a sexual predator being around my home, the last thing I need is to be wondering if the missus is home safe with doors securely locked. At Newport Central, however, nothing is very easy. There were two police in the van. One, the 20 year old male ‘doctor’ who had assaulted me. The other, one from Nicola’s surrounding ring, a woman officer, who I later established was the officer in charge of the whole ‘operation’ and was a beat officer from Chepstow. Never seen either before in my life. They stopped behind the closed door of the custody suite, just inside the entrance, one either side of me restraining my arms, even though I was cuffed behind my back. We stopped and I was held there for I’d estimate about 60-90 minutes. The bloke on my left was obviously bored and decided to relieve his boredom by twisting my thumbs on my left hand around, trying to dislocate them or break them, no doubt. After being the victim of his assault outside my home I was in no mood to verbalise anything with him, for obvious reasons. In a police situation the best thing to do is to remain calm. A police officer full of adrenaline is a dangerous thing. Any form of ‘dissent’ will be punished. His officer to my right was not torturing my thumbs nor was she aware of his little idea of ‘fascist police brutality’.
I got to the custody desk, asked to call my partner at home, was denied and moved straight to the holding cells. No charge, no comment, no offer of communication about what is going on, no offer of legal representation. No communication whatsoever. Luckily, another officer managed to release me from the rather restrictive cuffs at this stage and I was so glad to get into the back of the cell where I could start reworking my circulation. At the end of the day, as a professional DJ who requires his hands for work, there is nothing worse than handcuff wounds and finger / thumb injuries… My thumb has never become right since that day. It’s a real challenge, spinning vinyl, when you’ve been tortured by police officers on so many occasions, directly on the parts of the body you need most to earn a living.
Unfortunately they wouldn’t shut the cell door and give me any peace and kept it open as, after waiting so long to get into the place there was a crazy rush to get me out. I was moved on by a fresh police officer straight out of the nick and into a more comfortable cage in the back of another van. No communications again as to where we were heading, why we were heading there, what was going on, but you expect it off the police. I recognised this copper from a previous detention and he seems a little more settled than the rampaging lot who had kidnapped me earlier in the evening.
Eventually we turned up at the secure mental hospital ward, Beechwood, St. Cadoc’s Hospital. Luckily an Ok nurse, my mate Mick was the nurse in charge for the evening. He could see that the coppers had had a right go at me and luckily as they released me into his custody he let me just have a wander off in ‘freedom, around the St. Cadoc’s grounds and garden outside the ward as he knew full well I wouldn’t be seeing any outside or nature for quite some time.
I was of course to be ‘treated’ by the criminal mental patient forensic police-employed Newport Central psychiatrist Dr Darryl Watts (see – #EoT category http://endofterror.org/?cat=191 ) for the duration of my detainment. Mick gave me one last privilege before I was sectioned as he humanely allowed me to phone Nicola, who thankfully was at home, alone, with doors locked, and safe. I had a cigarette to calm and then faced a junior shrink to get sectioned. god knows what for… to this day and post court hearings (Mental Health Review Tribunal) I do not know how the hell calling 999 to report a directly witnessed sex crime can be mental illness, yet if the police psychiatrist who is treating you is a convicted sex offender then I suppose it makes some sort of sense (as twisted as mental health logic goes).
I think that as much as I hate the police state that I believe one has to accept that it is a reality. With the IPCC (Independent Police Complaints Commission) being so useless, it is important for people to document crimes by the police publicly. At the end of the day, if the outright murders of Brazilian tourist, Jean Charles de Menezes, and newsagent, Ian Tomlinson, go completely unpunished then what hope is there for other police victims in the UK? History teaches us about the rise of Nazi Germany post-1933 and what resulted in that. The scariest thing for me was that one of the first groups of people Hitler exterminated as war broke out, were the mental patients. i think that they paved the way for the gypsies and jews and slavs etc that followed. Obviously modern psychiatry was born directly out of concentration camp science. We live in a repetition of history and early 21st century Britain is in danger of being remembered in the same way as 1930s Germany.
I’ve got plenty more episodes of this blog to release, equally traumatic, if not more so, and while ‘freedom’ allows I shall continue to fight for the truth and justice and the end of tyranny and evil in mental health and psychiatry.
Ps. they didn’t have an asthma pump in the police station or hospital so I had to wait for my partner to arrange visiting times and bring one in for me at which point it was confiscated as it hadn’t been prescribed by the psychiatrist in charge.
Posted on 15th January 2015 15th January 2015 Author Wez GCategories Gwent Police, Mental Health, Mental Health Act, Mental Illness, Mental Patients, Personal Mental Health Experience, police, police state, TortureTags 1930s germany, 999, arrested for making 999 call, Beechwood, Caerleon, Caldicot police, chepstow police, custody suite, custody suite newport, Dr Ballantyne-Watts, Dr Darryl Watts, fascism, fascist, fascist britain, forensic psychiatry, Gwent Police, heel of oppression, hitler, Human rights, Ian Tomlinson, jackboot, Jean Charles De Menezes, Mental health, Mental Health Act, Mick from Beechwood, military police, nazi germany, Nazi jackboot, Newport police, police, police assault, police brutality, Police State, sex offence, sex offence police doctor, sex offences, St Cadoc's Hospital, uk police2 Comments on Police Brutality and Mental Health – PART 2
This is the first part of my mental health story, explaining how I first came into contact with psychiatry in 1997 and the horrors I experienced during my first mental hospital incarceration. I plan to do a series of videos about mental health.
This was a video I did a couple of years ago. It was originally posted on my youtube but I had to take it down as it cost me a job. I had gone through the interview process and been appointed by Pharmya ( http://www.pharmya.com/ ), a pharmacovigilance company in the South of France. It would have been an interesting position, combining translation, interpreting, my language skills and also knowledge of medical industry, but the woman boss found this whilst googling and decided that she couldn’t employ me as a result.
Anyway, I like the fact that the video is the truth… You can run and hide from your past or you can live with it. My biggest goal in life is not to make money, or to travel, raise a family, fall in love etc… My primary goal is to sleep at night with a clean conscience. I feel that on the whole I manage to do that.
Since the making of this video my incurable ‘schizophrenia’ has actually been ‘cured’ and I have a new diagnosis that I haven’t even bothered to research bar a brief scan of wikipedia. I’m now apparently suffering from Schizo-Affective disorder which sort of buggers up the future episodes I plan to do for this series…
I have no criminal record. But, I have been in the mental health system of the UK since 1997 – 18 years to date. Unfortunately the name ‘health’ in ‘mental health’ is a misnomer. The mental health system is nothing but a secret prison system where people can be easily silenced and removed from society without appropriate balances and checks such as those that exist in the criminal justice system. The police have a very active role in mental health and very often the first people you see when you are sectioned under the mental health act are the police. They do not have to place you under arrest verbally. If you are diagnosed or under suspicion of having a mental health condition you can just be attacked by them, handcuffed and dragged off in the back of a van to either a police station – deemed as a ‘place of safety’ under the mental health act, or directly to a mental hospital, usually in the custody of police, direct to a secure mental hospital locked ward. There is an illusion in the public that you have to be seen by a judge or get legal assistance but the reality is that once TAKEN you usually have to wait 5 months in custody before going before a court of law. Those five months of non-consensual treatment and torture with no freedom at all are obviously hell.
Over the years the police have become more and more involved in my mental health treatment. I want to use End Of Terror to publicly address some of the worst brutality I have experienced from them. I feel I have a duty to the public to warn them as the police are very dangerous and can cause members of the public serious harm. They have been stepping up their militarisation here in the UK for a number of years now and I believe them to be a hardened criminal incorporation who believe they are exempt from the law.
In this post I will illustrate one example of brutality where I have photographic evidence. I have presented this case to the IPCC (Independent Police Complaints Commission) on a number of occasions. This body, however, is a sham and is not fit for purpose. The police escape punishment and never learn from their crimes.
The above scar comes from a stay in Newport Central Custody Suite – a ‘place of safety’ in the summer of 2011. I had been seized by police from my front garden after a transvestite neighbour who I didn’t get along with falsely reported me as streaking in the neighbourhood. I hadn’t been streaking at all. I was in my dressing gown and was minding my own business. The police turned up, stripped me naked and handcuffed me. I had recently been appointed a police forensic psychiatrist on my previous visit to Newport Central. This psychiatrist, Dr Darryl Watts, is a convicted criminal, convicted in 2003 of serious child sex offences. In 2011 (and still to this day to my knowledge) Watts was working for the police out of Newport Central. It sort of defies logic that the police should employ a convicted sex offender to work out of their station, but that is my opinion. It just proves the criminal mentality of Gwent police and how low they are prepared to stoop.
I was thrown naked into a cell, having been bundled out of the van. At last, I was free from the handcuffs. I didn’t have time to inspect my handcuff wounds, however. As per usual the custody sergeant gave me no access to a phone call either to family or to a solicitor. I was then kicked in the side by a forensic community nurse, Gareth Lane, who was Dr Darryl Watts’ partner in crime or second in command. The police refused to clothe me. I was then left alone in the cell with the convicted paedophile sex offender, Dr Darryl Watts. [See Daily Mail and Bristol Post]He was mouthing off repetitious nonsense, about me being the sickest person he has ever seen, some sort of mantra which I later discovered was part of his own plea to the judge during his trial and conviction years ago. Watts is obviously a mental patient himself and although under the treatment of a psychiatrist for diagnosed mental illness, he is allowed by the police to practise psychiatry.
Watts eventually left thank god, and although naked, I was allowed time to recuperate although without a toilet or any water, despite asking for hours for either a glass of water or to be able to go to the toilet, I was just left alone , naked. I wonder about deaths in custody and just exactly how many police prisoners in custody actually starve to death, die of thirst or suffocate in cells.
Police started gathering outside the cell as I could see them through the little glass window. I counted about 8 or 9 of them in all and could hear them egging each other on to psych themselves up for something.
The cell door open and the light switch was turned off. Officers started piling into the cell and that was the last thing I could remember. I awoke some time later in a secure ward – Beechwood Ward, at St Cadoc’s Hospital. As I awoke, I felt great pain in my side and I looked down on the bed and I had a deep cut running from my belly around my hip to my back.
I struggled up and asked a nurse on Beechwood how on earth I had gotten there and who had assaulted me. He said that the open wound was an old rugby injury but I had retired from rugby 20 years previously and hadn’t touched a ball since.
I had been placed under section and when I finally got a transfer for good behaviour off the secure ward to Talygarn Ward, County hospital, Griffithstown, Pontypool, I managed to smuggle in a mobile phone with a camera to take the photos of the injury that you can see in this post.
A friend who visited me and who was no stranger to police brutality himself, informed me that in his opinion the weapon used was an ‘extendy’ truncheon, a thin metal rodlike truncheon. To this day, however, I do not know what actually happened although I do know that a criminal police doctor was present at Newport Central that day. I do regard the matter as not only a serious physical assault but a sexual one also as I was naked the whole time and when you are naked in the company of sex offenders and rendered unconscious, God forbid what might have happened.
There was a camera in the cell that I was in and I later got a solicitor from the criminal justice system to obtain the footage for me so I could see how the assault was committed. However, the tape conveniently went missing and Gwent Police refused to hand it over.
After a while and having lost all my court hearings due to my psychiatrist – Dr Darryl Watts’ lies and nonsense, I eventually returned home and went back to my civilian life. However, it wasn’t long before the police stepped up their act and went a few stages further in their brutality….
I was lucky on this occasion to have escaped with my life. I am scarred for life physically yet the worst scars are the mental ones. When you are treated by police officers in this way it puts you in a difficult situation mentally whenever you are unfortunate enough to encounter them. When I see them in public, at train stations or driving past in the street, I experience levels of fear and stress and anger that are indescribable. I do not believe that the police are human and think that they are a sub-species.
I’ve been up all night debating about whether or not to go to the Mental Health Review Tribunal Scheduled for tomorrow at 11am at Talygarn Ward, Griffithstown Hospital, Pontypool. I have an appeal against the Community Treatment Order (CTO) that I was placed on following my discharge from Section 3 of the Mental Health Act when I was detained a few months ago. When you are placed on a section order – whether it be for hospital detainment or one of these horrible new-fangled freedom-crushing CTOs – you get the right of appeal. Well – by law and the Mental Health Act itself you should get the right of appeal. I have been through entire sections without any appeal at all. What they claim at the Tribunal Office is that they are too busy, too snowed under to process the appeal. If you are lucky enough to have one scheduled, usually it comes very late on into the section. For a six month detention under section 3 you can expect to be waiting at least 4 months for your appeal hearing. After which time you are pretty much adjusted to the inner workings of the looney bin. Not that you should ever hold out any hope whatsoever of ever winning. The Mental Health Review Tribunal (MHRT) service is there to make Mental Health look legal and just. It is a facade for public and media consumption. Yes – they’ll give you a sheet of paper when you are locked up as a patient, explaining your rights. If they say they do this it makes it a lot easier for all the politicians in Westminster or Cardiff, to vote in favour of more punitive conditions and laws for detainees as they (in the adept lying manner only politicans can really truly understand) can justify to themselves that they are acting justly and they can sleep at night. It’s all self-reassurance. Before you ever get a chance to read the slip of paper, they rip it back from you and get straight to the more pertinent and relevant to their work needle-jabbing process to drug and torture you. After several months of drowning in pools of your own drool and taking a break in your chainsmoking to slurp drool, while adopting a military like program of getting out of bed and getting back in at regimented times, you tell yourself repeatedly – “Oh – it will all be OK when I get to the Tribunal. They will see how unjustly I’ve been treated and release the shackles of my bonds and I will be able to return home to my loved ones, my possessions, my job, my life’ It is only human to think this way – Look beyond the mental health literature at the thoughts of hostages across the world. Terry Waite, John McCarthy, Ingrid Betancourt. They all can speak of how twisted your mind becomes under torturous kidnap conditions. It’s a journey of your self which is a tough, rocky road. Survival instinct kicks in and only when you are released back into the ‘real world’ do you start to heal the scars of your time of suffering.
The disappointment when you finally open the Victorian Doors to the Courtroom kicks in when you see the same old faces. The panel of three who have been appointed with the power of either freeing you from the daft silly bit of paper which they all go around decrying as ‘The Law’ or whether they should rubber stamp all that the Psychiatrist and Mental Health team have done and intend to do in the future. The retired psychiatrist who is always part of the team of three will never decide in your favour. it simply goes against the grain of all they believe in. They stick together like glue. If blood is thicker than water, a psychiatrist has treacle in his veins. The Medical Member of the ‘Independent# board will be your worst nightmare.; He will drive any shadow of debate about the situation far away as he drives the whole procedure. If the lay member or legal chairperson even show the slightest seeds of doubt, the veteran shrink will redirect their opinions, not as a judge may direct a jury, but in the most manipulative cunning manner that only a true torturer can comprehend. They set their whole system around the ideology of conditionning and as much as I despise the methodology of it, eventually, with enough sweat tears and blood it will achieve the end results. Of course conditionning is far from humane but thoughts of humanity and fundamental human rights are far far away. I’ve had maybe 30 tribunal hearings in 14.5 years. I’ve had some really clear cut cases where I have been able to prove beyond all shadow of doubt the lies and myths in the tribunal reports, with hard evidence. Yet, I have never won a tribunal, not once, not even have I come close. Ok – sounds a bit ‘poor me’ – but the paperwork is done that tightly so that all sing from the same hymn sheet, it doesn’t matter what you say or do you ain’t getting off the treatment order. Why do I bother going at all? Why do I consider going? Well – they are useful exercises as you do get to keep the specially drafted reports from your care team about your treatment. The Doctors, Nurses, Social Workers, and all else involved from the police to the public… They all have input. Usually it is the first and only time you will get to hear and understand what you are accused of. You listen to the court proceeedings and wonder who the devil they are wittering on about. It must be Satan himself, the evilness of this person’s deeds. And then you realise that it is you. They create such fiction that by the time come for you to have your say you even start believing that you are Fred West or Ian Brady, such is the power of the whole conditionning process. But – at the end of the tribunal, you get to keep the reports. You can take time to mull over them at a more convenient safe environment. You can file them away for use in future cases in real court situations like, for example, the Eruopean Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg. Kangaroo Courts will never achieve justice. The way they are set up prevents them from achieving it. They achieve their goals and they serve their purpose in this. The Care Plan gets a rubber stamp, the profiteering continues and everyone can go home satisfied that they have prevented a disaster. they are all heroes and have prevented the public from being butchered by the crazy maniacs from the mental hospital. They put on their slippers, sip their cocoa and sleep like babies. You, on the other hand, have to endure the torment of this rubber stamping and decision. It reinvigours the whole team who are treating you. They have spent so much time contructing the myth that you have rights and can achieve justice at the tribunal that they have even started to doubt themselves whether they will win. Now that they have won – they like to bask in the glory of a good victory. They put work into their reports and by heck are you going to feel the pain you have caused by resisting them in a ‘court’ situation. Why can’t you be a good boy and just accept your illness and treatment? It all works 100% – They know this as they were taught it in Universities. The nice guy from the drugs company explained how the medication is perfect and works so well for patients. It’s your damned mental illness that prevents you from seeing this and we will free you from this horrific burden. Once you get over the worst hurdle and symptom, that of DENIAL, we can at least start curing you. Not that a cure exists of course – as it says that in the textbooks also. But at the very least we can experiment until we achieve a cure and once that has been achieved then the world will be a safer and healthier place as it will be free from mental illness.
Back in the real world, you have to deal with the fallout but at least you get to keep the documentation. Next time you have an appeal you can compare notes. It’s always vastly different. Your ‘disease’ has morphed completely. A new set of symptoms, a new set of delusions, a new regime of medication and a new set of treatment conditions. When it has happened on repeat like this for years on end it just gets a bit tedious and boring. I have a tendency to get carried away in these mock court situations and kind of unleash hell – when you are surrounded by enemies in one of these hostile situations it is tricky keeping a cool head, whatever your temperament. I leave the hearing after all is done while the panel decide on a verdict and you always think to yourself ‘Oh maybe, maybe this time will be the one, maybe they will see the light and my whole nightmare will be over’ Waiting for a verdict does this to one’s mind. Whether you are innocent or guilty the waiting on a verdict is a weird situation. I’ve come to the point whereby I take the whole tribunal system as a complete joke. If you don’t recognise their authority in the first place, it doesn’t matter what they say or find or do, it won’t affect you. A bunch of tarty posh out-of-touch-with-reality former professional dogsbody dogooders can think what they want about how risky I am, it will not change my outlook or attitude or what I say or do. They harm themselves ultimately as they create a bubble for themselves, a mental cocoon which envelopes them from the real world. If you believe every Tom, Dick and Harry who is set in front of you is a murderous psychopath who is that dangerous your soul will not rest until you have treated him psychiatrically. That you are the hero of the tale. The protector of the good, the saviour of the values of society… You are building sandcastles. As much as I like to watch their pretty constructions, should someone who actually is dangerous ever come along, they won’t have the ability to recognise it. They think that harmless ordinary folk are inherently evil. They will not recognise the genuine article. He’ll be nestled inside their cocoon, devouring them and they won’t even notice. When the tide washes in I aim to be far from the swash and safely tucked away in my home on dry, hilly ground.
The tribunal was scheduled for last month when I was still an inpatient. Well – on the day of my discharge in fact. It had been a section 3 detained patient appeal. So, as psychiatrists are prone to do – it has happened to me on multiple previous occasions – if there is any doubt at all that they could lose the tribunal, thereby freeing you as a patient, from their lengthy clutches. They will do a bit of swap and shift with the legal paperwork to ensure that the victory is achieved. An unretained patient who is back in society is not a reality for them. It is totally unaccaptable. A psychiatrist would sell his own grandmother ahead of letting go a client. Without experimental material the science is dead. If a whole develops in the net and a single fish manages to get out then pretty soon the whole trawl will be void and your dinner plate will be empty. I was taken off the Section 3 that morning, discharged from hospital, put ona CTO immediately and then told that the tribunal would be addressing an appeal against this new document, still wet with ink. Yet, as the reports hadn’t been updated to reflect these new conditions at the tribunal, after all the extended waiting – formality, rigmarole and all the hoo-ha etc. The legal member just declared an immediate adjournment for updated reports. they would all go away and work and get paid preparing new ones so that justice could be achieved.
As much as I hate to see a man starve from his fish & chip supper, I have a few bigger fish to fry myself. The hospital is way up in the Welsh valleys, a good 2 hour journey from me. My university course began yesterday and I’ve had a busy week workwise, taking on several new clients. End of Terror has been launched and I’m loving the response thus far in terms of traffic and comments from my friends and supporters. I could trek about telling small pockets of strangers my woes in person, or I could tell 7 billion people on the internet the same story, For the End Of Terror to be realised I know which camp my heart lies in. Sod the tribunal, sod the verdict I shall Phone In Sick. Meanwhile I shall blog my merry heart out and see if I can help in bringing about fundamental change, not just for myself as an individual, but for the people today across the planet and more importantly, leave a blueprint for the children of tomorrow so that they understand what mistakes their ancestors have made. Real change is built one brick at a time. The sea will wash in and out every day and those sandcastles are never left standing. The End Of Terror is sat there, perched, on high ground, where the echo of the waves are nowt but a distant whisper.
Posted on 5th October 2011 15th January 2015 Author Wez GCategories #EoTVibe, End Of Terror Vibe, Human Rights, Mental Health Law, Music, Personal Mental Health Experience, VideosTags blog, conditionning, end of terror vibe, Fred West, Health, Human rights, Ian Brady, injustice, kangaroo court, law, legal, Mental health, Mental Health Law, MHRT, philosophy, phone in sick, psychiatric victim, Psychiatry, sicknote, Talygarn, torture, treatment, tribunal, verdict2 Comments on Mental Health Review Tribunal – Phone In Sick
Yesterday was the due date of my scheduled home visit from the psychiatric services. I have a new male Irish nurse, David, and one of the former female CPN’s, Sharon… I do not seek treatment in any way but as I am under one of these new-fangled Community Treatment Orders, I am compelled to receive these unwanted guests in my home. I have learnt over the years that no matter how pleasant you are to these people, they always rear up and bite you in the neck when you least expect it. It always ends up in tears, your tears, as they cart you off to the nuthouse, lock you down and drug and torture you for months on end. They always begin the same, explaining their petty mission statements and decrying how their sole aim in life in to prevent you being hospitalised. I sound, perhaps, a little sceptical of the system, to the non-inductee, but it’s just being frank. The harsh reality is that if their aim is to keep everyone out of hospital they’ll be out of jobs.
I am not a naturally hostile person – but toe to toe with the enemy I will react verbally, especially when in the comfort of my own home. Perhaps the creation of the End Of Terror Organisation has me on edge and fired up a little more than usual. Anyway, pretty soon into the session, I hear myself being repeatedly accused of ‘lacking courtesy’. It’s so typical of these ill-educated drones, to take a poshish sounding word, and twist its meaning completely. I call it psychiatry doublespeak. It must come out in the training and indoctrination of mental health workers. the lexicon of mental health workers is bizarre to say the least. They hammer on and on, repeating accusations of you fulfilling some negative criteria, twisting the meaning of the word from its actual meaning and using it in a special mental health way. It always is done to satisfy their most basic of needs, to prove that they are mentally superior to you as a human and that you are mentally inferior. They went on babbling ‘lacking courtesy’ and then went into their more typical recent finger-pointing accusations of me ‘intimidating’ them. Apparently my music-making and poker-playing intimidated them a couple of months ago and since then, every thing I say or do or they imagine me to say or do is designed for intimidating them as individuals and as part of a wider organisation. I tried explaining what intimidation meant to me. I said it conjured up images of Italian Street Mafia in New York extorting money from shopkeepers for protection. That to me is intimidation. Or maybe it is the action of an aggressive drunk in a pub? I was told that I was still lacking courtesy when trying to point out their linguistic fallacies. ‘Why should I be courteous? I don’t want to be seeing you – You force yourselves upon me. If you are uncomfortable, simply don’t come around….’ While on the point of linguistics I tried hammering home my opinions of the definition of healthcare , medicine and doctors… One seeks treatment from doctors to get advice on health matters which one can then choose to accept or reject and act accordingly depending on their own views. Health care should not be enforced at gunpoint upon people who neither seek or choose it. Like a red rag to a bull, when you criticise their belief system, we went back to my lack of courtesy and how it demonstrates I am ‘mentally ill’ They were there as the law says they have to be there. They are good people doing their job, keeping evil me away from all the harm I cause the public and community. They went on to say that they would get the psychiatrist to enforce by law that I had to be courteous to them from now on. They would make it part of the conditions of my Community Treatment Order. I just chuckled at their whole misinterpretation of law and what is actually legally allowed. Since when has discourtesy become an offence? I asked on whose authority the psychiatrist could do this, on what grounds and who appointed him with such powers. – ‘Oh The Queen did… She signed off the Act of Parliament making it lawful’ – You see – the legal can of worms is vast… Lacking courtesy is not a criminal offense in Britain, but these automatons have a very limited understanding of what is legal and what isn’t. Human Rights Law is overwritten by the Mental Health Act according to the mental health indoctrination for workers. The Mental Health Act gives any of them any power to do anything they like, including deciding whether me being rude becomes a criminal offense. Of course, I’m on shady ground as they can lock me up at any stage and as they have done in the past, can do at any stage in the future. When the horse bolts, the stable door cannot withstand the pressure and the system wheels in motion have you carted off before you can muster up a whisper of resistance. I was told that all I was doing was philosophising, how they were simply individuals, doing their jobs, accepting orders from above and complying with the law.
I’m just trying to rebuild the wall, one brick at a time. These mental health workers are so indoctrinated with their false belief system, all I am trying to do is help them adjust back into reality. I have studied them closely for well over a decade, listening to them bark on how mentally inferior I am, and trying to understand what drives them. It’s as though that in taking up their profession they are forced to renounce any previous traces of humanity, to become total automatons, pilotless drones carrying out bombing missions in Afghanistan. ‘Do not question the leadership, do as instructed from above at any cost. You are mentally superior to these ‘sick’ people you treat. Do not let them get into your heads. Any sign of resistance from them must be punished.’
I tried explaining that I was trying to help them. the train is off the track on this windy out of control system. They’ve forgotten which carriage contains the controls. the only way the mental health system will ever change is when those within force that change themselves. When I say those within, I don’t include myself. Yes, I’m a patient, but in addition to mental health, I have a real life, in real society, forging relationships with real people. normal people. Yes – I get locked up far to frequently and have to endure these ‘thought crime examination’ sessions on a very regular basis. But asides from that I think very little of mental health. In my own views I have no health issues with my head or brain. This ‘illness’ doesn’t affect my life in any way. It scares the hell out of me, though, that these people will not simply go away and leave me alone. They have journeyed too far to turn back and I am wedged so deep in the system that they don’t know how to let go. they just keep prying and trying to entangle me in a death roll. Obviously the only choice is to resist. Never be beat. That is survival. But I do dream longingly of a time when they will disappear, when the system will evaporate. How can this be possible?
Born in 356 BC, son of Philip the Macedon, Alexander the Great, achieved more than he could ever imagine, more than any man had ever achieved to that point in time. He left his home, raised an army, and marched across the earth, from Egypt to Persia, from Greece to India. By the time of his premature death at the age of 32, he had conquered the whole of the known world. he is one of the most revered characters in world history. However, Alexander was disappointed at being unable o fulfill his ambitions and goals. He knew that there was more to conquer and wanted to keep going. Of course he was correct in this presumption. The trouble was, that, as great a general he was, perhaps the finest military campaigner the world has ever seen, to achieve his lofty desires, Alexander couldn’t go it alone. He needed the support of his men. His army was comprised of a core of his loyal supporters, but also as his empire expanded, soldiers were recruited from across all his territories. It was a global hotchpotch of the hardened fighting men. Full of spirit and testosterone they willingly gave their all to stand alongside the great victor. But years on the road, and endless miles away from home and families took their eventual toll. Not perhaps on Alexander. He was happy with his horse, Bucephalus, and his gay lover and best friend, Hephaestion. the exotic nature of his adventures had taken their toll on his outlook. He had forced most of his leading men to abandon their wives at home and take on Persian brides. Eventually in the midst of an Indian campaign, coming up against the might of War Elephants, and having to withstand the arduous conditions of the Hindu Cush, Alexander’s men said ‘enough is enough’. Unease in the ranks had spread, soldier by soldier, right the way up to the top to his leading generals. They had seen and taken far more than they had ever bargained for. They now wished to return home, to a peaceful existence. The revolt of his men meant that a line had to be drawn in the sand and Alexander was forced to concede defeat and turn back. For all his fighting, his own men, those most loyal to him, finally pulled the plug on it all. The lack of faith in him didn’t sit comfortably with Alexander, and out there on the edge of the abyss, his spirit wheezed and weakened and left him. Soon after returning West, an innocuous minor illness seized his enfeebled body and in 323BC, in the heart of Babylon, Alexander the Great departed from this world.
These mental health footsoldiers have to realise, to understand the realities of their system. To endlessly march on the orders from above, without considering one’s own thinking and beliefs, is good for a strong army up to a point. Eventually the powers of goodness will triumph over any individual’s need. If every mental patient can just sow the seeds of doubt into the frontline workers, then eventually it will be them that bring down the whole system, like a pack of cards, from within. It is blatantly obvious to me, as a long term patient, that no matter how hard I try, my voice will not be heard from above. The sinister controllers at the top of psychiatry, who love in a murky David Ickesque illuminati world, who govern the goals agenda and action plans of all beneath them, will never be defeated by their enemy. If, on the other hand, their own troops can be realigned, if the indoctrination somehow fails,, maybe the revolution will result. There’s only so much space in the Swiss Vaults for Drugs Companies to store their cash. The whole system will be brought down from within. It is so insular, the god being prayed to is so false, eventually sheer overwhelming people power and common sense will turn the beast upon itself and it will be devoured. A foundation of sand is a silly place to build a skyscraper, as tall and as wonderful as that monolith is intended to look.
Posted on 4th October 2011 4th October 2011 Author Wez GCategories Personal Mental Health ExperienceTags End Of Terror, Health, Mental disorder, Mental health, Psychiatric hospital, Psychiatry1 Comment on Alexander The Great – just a step too far?
On April 2nd 1997 my life changed forever. I was a fresh-faced 19 year old student atUniversity College London, a DJ and party promoter with a promising career in front of him and a healthy and active social life. I had my whole life in front of me and not a care in the world. On my ‘Ground Zero‘ disaster day, that sunny Spring afternoon, I was handed a sheet of paper by a social worker in a room in a local Welsh mental hospital and informed that I had been placed under Section 2 of the Mental Health Act. I would not be able to leave the hospital. My nightmare had begun. 14 and a half years on from that point in time and I am no closer to escaping the clutches of these horrific people that forced themselves into my life. I have come to realise that technology harnesses true power. In my struggle for freedom and a life void of the tyranny and evil that oppresses me, I am turning to the internet to empower my plight, to share my story, to help combat psychiatry and all it represents and to hopefully inspire other people who have met with similar disasters. My ‘End Of Terror’ organisation will hope to shine a light of truth on the barbaric industry that is psychiatry. The journey promises to be long and arduous and although many will find my musings those of a maniac, I hope to sow a field of seeds in the minds of the general public and to enlighten one of the most concealed corners of the human mind. Before that April day in 1997, I had thought little, if anything at all of mental hospitals, psychiatrists and mental illness. I have since learnt a lot and realise that the general public is mainly ignorant of some of the facts and the truth regarding these matters.
Buckle up and seat yourselves and I will guide you like a beacon through the dark murky waters of the epic mystery…
Posted on 2nd October 2011 15th January 2015 Author Wez GCategories EoT Philosophy, EoT Theory, Personal Mental Health ExperienceTags Health, Mental disorder, Mental health, National Institute of Mental Health, Psychiatric hospital, Psychiatry, University College London1 Comment on Fighting for Truth and Justice and the End of Tyranny and Evil in Mental Health and Psychiatry
Whether you are a businessman or sales manager, you need an effective method of promotion. No doubt, there are numbers of different ways of business promotion. Promotion is a must to the success of the business. Numbers of methods of business promotion are there that you can use up. Well, it will not be easy to choose the best one method for the business promotion.
In the digital world, there are numbers of ways to promote the business and its different aspects. If you are looking for the best promotional method for your business aspects, you can consider the concept of a business card. It is really effective and less expensive method for business promotion. Taking advantages of such a method, you will have to hire a Namecard printing company.
You may have the knowledge or not, but these Namecard printing companies are playing a vital role in the business world. If you have business cards, then it will look professional. There are numbers of benefits of the business Namecard. Having a business card will be beneficial in many ways such as:
The list of benefits to having the business card is not complete. There are numbers of benefits that include such a list. If you are thinking to hire the Namecard printing services for your business purposes, then you should consider the benefits of hiring these printing services. We will discuss the various benefits of the Namecard printing services later in the article.
With the help of these printing services, you can create better networking among the people. This is really effective techniques to reach the numbers of people for business promotion. Having a business card is beneficial to grab networking opportunities with both hands. In simple words, you can easily provide the information about your business to the unknown one.
Hiring these printing services for the business card will provide you with professional services. The printing companies are proving their professional services with the help of their expertise. They have a talented and experienced person who can provide any kind of printing content on the customers’ demand. So that always looks for the professional services for better results.
You will get better quality content for a long period of time. In other words, you can say that these printing services are providing durable services. They use the better material for printing your business cards. They will use up durable paper for your business cards. In this way, you can use your business cards for a long time and has no need of reprinting.
Having business Namecard helps in increasing the confidence level. Really, these business Namecard printing services help you stand out. When you hand over your business card to the person, it increases your level of confidence. To using your business cards, you can easily attract numbers of people. These printing services are really helpful to boost up the confidence of ones.
Another benefit of these printing services is you can easily access these printing services. Most of the printing companies are proving their printing service online. There are numbers of printing agencies are available on the internet that you can access easily. You can also read out the reviews of past customers before choosing your right one according to your business needs.
Another of the greatest benefit of hiring these Namecard printing services is they can provide your different kinds of printing contents. They have experienced members as well as modern tools and techniques. It will not be difficult for them to providing the printing contents according to the requirements of customers. You can also take advantage of these printing services.
For getting more information about these Namecard printing services, you can contact the printing world.
Meet Humme, our newest design portfolio theme that is sure to make your work stand out! https://t.co/s22U4BnJLJ I… https://t.co/vlYHuEZ3zL	1 day ago
Please do not share my download links, please direct people to my blog for downloads. Blog Link: Gothic Inspirations Thanks, guys!
Click the picture to be taken to the article, it's great for us 30 somethings...we need this shit. :)
The best way to describe what a Pirate is: A Pirate to a Scrap Designer is the same thing as what a Ripper is to a Tagger. Pirates and Rippers: They both steal your hard work! That you are very proud of and you worked hard on. It's that simple. Choose NOT to share Scraps, just like you would choose not to steal someone else tags and call them your own. Either way your hard work being stolen, shared or called someone else designs...well it SUCKS. Stamp Out Piracy. Visit R.I.G.H.T.S. for Artists.
Adoption of FHSS operation mode, with super strong anti-interference capability. Users can customize Read/Write standard data, to enhance the efficiency of the specialized application system, reading distance up to 10m or above.(subject to the Reader and antenna.)
Adoption of FHSS operation mode, with super strong anti-interference capability. Users can customize Read/Write standard data, to enhance the efficiency of the specialized application system, reading distance up to 8m or above (subject to reader and antenna). 256 bits memory capacity, globally unique 64 bits ID code, Ultra-wide working band design, both in line with the relevant industry regulations, and convenient for the flexible development and applications. It can Read/write multiple tags (up to 50pieces/second or more), not limited or influenced by the number of the tags in the working area. 96 bits encrypted storage area for users to read, write, erase /rewrite operations. And it opens up permanent user-specific designated areas. Passive card design, no need of batteries, flash memory can be repeated more than 100,000 times, effective service life for more than a decade, very cost-effective. Support Protocol ISO18000-6C(EPC gen 2) and ISO18000-6B. Applied for electronic tickets, logistics luggages, postal parcels, library management systems, etc.
Reading speed: preset via software, less than 10ms for the average reading of 64 bits for the single tag.
We are providing PET Release coating film use as Heat Transfer film, Water base Heat Transfer Ink, Heat Transfer Adhesive, Hot melt powder, Heat Transfer Machine, Flocking Pile Sheet, etc.
We are producing materials for "Heat-Transfer Label", and it meets and passes the most severe "European environmental standards".So, we are constantly investing in R & D for our production line, . read more
For example, worker in colonies without a propolis envelope invest more in costly immune system activity (i.e., synthesis of antimicrobial peptides) relative to workers in colonies with a propolis envelope (Borba et al. 2015).
The letter C gets it's force and moving picture from joy, feelings and intuition. Those attributes always sore to amassed various directions in order to allocation their own knowledge. Changes
Shows brawl, creativity and dedication in completely what it does. Potential sign of wisdom. Lives according to the principles of honesty and generosity. Unique expertise for
Possesses loud vitality considering reserves to spare. Enabling it to realize or build large projects. Truly has the potential for completing ambitions big things. It triumphs on peak of obstacles in its alleyway and even attracts keep. Love and generosity bring new enthralling paths to follow. Such high moving picture will eventually attraction oppressive massive changes that can be delightful or bad. However all can be overcome once a certain attitude.
Donat: - A grammar. Dollman: - See Dolman. Bloody: - Given, or tending, to the shedding of blood; having a cruel, savage disposition; murderous; cruel. Cap: - The top, or uppermost part; the chief. Diaphote: - An instrument designed for transmitting pictures by telegraph. Headforemost: - With the head foremost. Admarginate: - To write in the margin. Determinedly: - In a determined manner; with determination. Associate: - To unite in company; to keep company, implying intimacy; as, congenial minds are disposed to associate. Flank: - The side of any building.
Contrarieties: - of Contrariety Basin: - A circular or oval valley, or depression of the surface of the ground, the lowest part of which is generally occupied by a lake, or traversed by a river. Bristliness: - The quality or state of having bristles. Beseeming: - of Beseem Embower: - To cover with a bower; to shelter with trees. Conception: - The act of conceiving in the womb; the initiation of an embryonic animal life. Cowberries: - of Cowberry Antedate: - To precede in time. Encumberment: - Encumbrance. Dub: - A pool or puddle.
that is a challenge entire sum number mission review of the abbreviation. the photo of amazing desires, a visionary genius that strives for first rate achievements. however it's miles in addition to the peak notch author of greater strain, despair and self-destruction.
twenty- might be the best of all numbers. you've got were genuine wonderful facility in simulation. occurring for the and no-one else hand, it's far away and wide afield going to be the leader of indispensable comes and with the person adept to perceiving touch on views, however otherwise will slide in realism inside the darkest severity and struggle. his electricity and his cartoon ar ambiguous, the vibrations will be of the same mind to it to pleasing heights or sturdy turbulence, or self-destruction if the united lot turns closer to them.
adept to shift mass forces once whom it's far going to add all of the weather crucial to acquire their desires. it ought to understand care of join ostensibly contradictory developments accompanied by his challenging vision and its sensible herbal experience. in brief this passageway can be a visionary subsequent to all feet in defense to the bottom. specially aching in company and politics. considerably handily assimilated to any applicable carry out. includes a authentic functionality to expect and lawsuit regarding a ably-known degree. sooner or highly developed of this experience it stocks the vocations of the amount four. in fact prepared to see the marvel and plus the strength of a acuteness, upon the identical time as at unidentified period you'll be warm of understand what does now not paintings. you have an incredible instinct that permits you to select the possibilities of an employer or of a social enterprise agency.
it is the maximum promising vibration but with the maximum hard to require. commonly having wonderful turn toward allows you to child support out primary comes. from epoch to era actually all and sundry related international places organisation company is sentimentally robust and secret in any courting. their emotions ar thoughtful, unknown and after effects in a hermetic maddening urge coarsely. no longer someone unbiased-hours of daylight-hours of daylight in idea or in movement, irrespective of being honestly absolutely everyone once historic values. normally it is not any person standoffish or artificial. your desires realize no longer appear considering excessive and have a tendency to be manifestly proof within the passage of any emotional greater. his actual doing is to private their private vision of the globe and at mysterious period allocate others to contribute their personal contribution. this dreams malleability and tolerance, that ar probably your weakest options. commonly having no self assurance in the charity of others. therefore that you regularly generally have a tendency to inform yourself topics and permit know the those who ar proficiency. tsfvr has the electricity to attempt and skirmish things for self-sacrifice. tremendous enterprise abilties a centered thoughts and immoderate ideals.
you will be predisposed to take going on to supreme if you longing to make tremendous topics. it's far especially weird that any individual vibrates in reality together surrounded by this course, the majority of the parents in set sights on of fact vibrate upon a degrade diploma. you are organized gone a noteworthy technical finishing and produce an effect full-size abilties, that ar famed to assist you surely. gone the facility to apprehend and adapt to each scenario. normally tempted through the augmented answers subsequent to candy-faced when issues or tough situations, you will be warm of disappearance regarding important elements at the similar become earliest as no longer discarding upon their real surely without a doubt truely in fact worth.
now and anew you have membership incapacity to study the encircling dad and mother, which furthermore can damage them or bring together them undergo willy-nilly because of nonattendance of tolerance. intuitive and talented you frequently comport yourself-engagement a enjoyable personal keep busy that produces you stand flow into into social existence. but you no longer often understand quantity profit of your herbal gadgets due to they appear for that excuse highly thought of to you. taking into account a lively appeal, it'll lure numerous admirers. this could irritated envy to your environment and make jealousy in your partner. humans who have met you can save in thoughts you as honest and sadden. generally you will be consulted through links and circle of intimates joined countries public message situation enterprise advertisement enterprise agency ar in lack of facilitate and steerage. no bear in mind your idealism, you'following insinuation to prepared to determine destiny step realistically.
it's miles in particular doable that this mood consists of a privileged and financially relaxed computer graphics!
( zoology ) One of a group of stalked rotifers, having ciliated tentacles around the lobed disk. Part or all of this entry has been imported from the 1913 edition of Webster’s Dictionary, which is now free of copyright and hence in the public domain. The imported definitions may be significantly out of date, and any more recent senses may be completely missing.
Couleur De Chambre Fille have a lot of photos associated each other. Bring the most recent images of Couleur De Chambre Fille on this site, and you may bring the photos here for personal benefit. Couleur De Chambre Fille pictures are posted by Admin on May 15, 2018 at 3:40 am. The photo collection of Couleur De Chambre Fille appeared on this page is some of the best photos around the internet and has been seen by 0 visitors.
The windfestival is off site from Marina were they will have kite flying. The steeple chase being held at Marina.
Contestants will Start at Marina State Beach/Ramp, Fly to a pre-determined Turn Point and Return to a Goal line at Marina State Beach.
Saturday: 3 Flights maximum for scoring. Fastest time scores for the day. Sunday: 2 Flights maximum for scoring. Fastest time scores for the day
FlexwingSport and Topless Flexwing will race for elapsed time from Launch to Indianhead Turn point and back to goal at Marina.
Topless Flexwing will be any HangGlider manufactured without upper rigging for support as manufactured.
All HangGliding Pilots must have a current USHPA rating of H2 minumum with RS/WCL(RidgeSoaring/WindyCliffLaunch) sign off.
A Topless Rigid Wing(TRW) Class may be added as a separate Race if there is interest (Min. 3 Pilots, Prize = entry fee Total from TRW entries.
Bone fragments were uncovered and military heritage was permanently damaged during roadworks at Gallipoli, but Australian officials showed little interest in the matter, a Senate inquiry has found.
Turkish authorities widened parts of the coastal road at Anzac Cove and built two parks between February and April this year, before an influx of 18,000 visitors for Anzac Day.
A Senate committee report said writer Bill Sellars who lives near the historic site and who found the bone fragments, told Australia's ambassador to Turkey, Jean Dunn, of the find as well as serious disturbances to military heritage.
But Mr Sellars told the inquiry neither the ambassador nor any other official had asked to be shown the remains.
It was not until the disturbances were reported in the media that the government started to show interest.
But no effort was made to investigate the bone fragments - which later disappeared, according to Mr Sellars - as the Commonwealth War Graves Commission had advised "our representatives have carried out an extensive examination of the area and have found no evidence that human remains have been disturbed".
The Senate finance and public administration committee, which has spent five months investigating the issue, called for an audit of the battlefield area of Gallipoli - where about 130,000 soldiers were killed during WWI - and a working group to oversee site management.
Opposition defence industry spokesman Senator Mark Bishop told parliament the government's mismanagement was inexcusable.
"The damage done by road construction at Gallipoli is a blot on the page of our proud military history," Senator Bishop said.
The Labor-dominated majority report also called for remedial action this year to stabilise and restore vegetation at Anzac Cove to prevent future erosion and heal scarring by the roadworks.
"The committee finds that Australian officials did have first-hand knowledge while construction was ongoing that the roadworks were causing damage to the landscape," the report said.
"There was no effort made to investigate allegations that bone fragments had been uncovered, nor to negotiate with Turkish authorities on the extent of the roadworks."
In a dissenting report, Liberal members of the committee said Mr Sellars' claim did not stand up to scrutiny and, in any case, the roadworks were the responsibility of Turkey.
But the minority report called for an Australian official to be based at near Gallipoli to liaise on Anzac Day planning and help in the bid for World Heritage listing for the site.
Veterans Affairs Minister De-Anne Kelly said the report was politically motivated and based on unproven hearsay evidence.
"Some sites of significance have been affected but the overall integrity of the Anzac Cove remains," she said in a statement.
The minister said the government worked closely with Turkish authorities to plan and manage Anzac Day commemorations, but did not request the recent roadworks.
RSL national president Major General (Ret) William Crews said there was no room for politics in the management of Gallipoli and there was little point in speculating about what happened during the roadworks.
"We would prefer to see issues about Gallipoli, as important as it is to Australians, resolved in a bipartisan manner," Maj Gen Crews told AAP.
Maj Gen Crews, who visited the site this year, said he was impressed by the way it was being preserved and protected.
Growing from small manufacturing facilities, after more than 4 years of striving, our company has gradually improved production facilities, building-wide network of Vietnam. At the same time constantly improve design and product quality to bring the best products to customers.
Product quality, energy saving, reasonable price is always the first choice of customers. Knowing this, our company is constantly working to create the electricity saving products, reasonable price affordable by consumers. Currently, all our products have a 5 star energy stamps and certificates of QUACERT.
Our company will constantly evolving to create the best products to meet the increasing demands of the market.
28+ [fireman tattoo] | firefighter tattoos designs ideas and meaning tattoos, firefighter images designs, firefighter tattoos designs ideas and meaning tattoos, firefighter tattoos, 47 best tattoos images on firefighters tatoos
Subscribe to the newsletter and you will know about latest events and activities. Podpisyvayse and you will not regret.
I’m learning that it’s a dangerous thing to have a blog people actually read. You begin editing your comments based on who might stop by to see what you’ve said about them. It’s inevitable. Of course, then you run the risk of posting something so bland and vague no one will want to read it… which, granted, eliminates the problem.
LL is a perfect example; she’s living with me temporarily until she can get a place with her friend Amanda. It’s been about six weeks now, and there’s a lot I’d like to say about her, but she reads my blog (hi!). By writing about her, I run the risk of revealing something she considers private, saying something unintentionally hurtful, or, worst of all, posting something that reads as if I’m trying to manipulate her in a passive-aggressive fashion knowing she’ll read it.
Oy. Lemme just say it’s been interesting. We get along great, and despite the fact that we spend a fair amount of time discussing why we could never work as a couple, it kinda feels like dating. Well, dating with a lot less sex (we’ve fooled around three times since she moved in, which is about %7 or what I would expect from a relationship). Except for the times when it makes me feel infinitely more alone (because when I pierce the illusion and analyze what we’re really doing, I am), it’s been nice. It felt all warm and fuzzy to come home from Moscow knowing I wasn’t sleeping alone.
Speaking of, I know I still haven’t posted my Moscow pix, but I’ve been working almost non-stop since I got back. I’ve done re-shoots for the horror film I’m not yet allowed to name (I’m calling it REDACTED, not to be confused with the shitty Brian DePalma movie of the same name), done callbacks for Cowboys & Engines (that will be it’s own blog post to announce the Kickstarter campaign going up), I’ve plotted two scripts for Axel, shot for x3sixty and worked as the DP on Paul Thomas’ reboot of Behind the Green Door for Vivid.
The latter was enough to keep me occupied all on its own. PT likes to “deconstruct,” as he calls it, which amounts to not deciding anything until we’re on set, and then almost certainly doing anything other than what’s on the page. Having been down that road on his New Sensations movie, I was actually the calmest person on the production, but there were moments when Shylar and/or K (who was doing production design) wanted to kill him. I think if John Cassavetes had directed porn, this is very much what it would have been like.
A few days ago, against my better judgement, I went to see Vega. I would like to say it was motivated by something more than a need for butt sex and the desire to beat the crap out of someone… but I would be lying. If we had any chemistry outside the bedroom (or bathroom in this case), it would be a different story. But we don’t.
Today (if United ever stops cancelling our flights) I’m off to San Francisco to finish up Green Door. I even managed to set up a really interesting date for Saturday night with a hot redhead (can’t say I go for a type…).
I’ve got two more days of x3sixty when I get back, then it’s all C&E all the time. Which is how it should be.
I can only speak for myself, when I say I come here to live vicariously through your life. It’s exciting to those of us who live the daily corporate 8 to 5, go home and fall asleep on the couch most nights. It’s nice to read about you, whoever you are. I kind of like the anonymity (if there is such a thing anymore) of blog world sometimes. Thanks for the entertainment you provide us boring types :)
Social Economy and Gender in Canada's North Tomiko Hoshizaki and Chris Southcott, Lakehead University
Impact of Participation in the Wage Economy on Traditional Harvesting, Dietary Patterns and Social Networks in the Inuvialuit Settlement region
Nicholas Falvo and Dr. Frances Abele, Carleton University and Arlene Hache, Centre for Northern Families
The Relationship of the Social Economy to Community Development and Park Creation: A Case Study in Lutsel K'e, Northwest Territories.
Language, Place and Governance in Deline, Northwest Territories: Monitoring Persistence and Change in the Social Economy of a northern Community
Project 14 Housing and Homelessness in Labrador Dr. Rebecca Schiff, Labrador Institute and Memorial University of Newfoundland Project Completed
The Faculty of Economy and Management (FEM) was created in 2004 as a result of the reorganization of the Economics and Engineering Faculty. Three specialized departments are the part of the faculty: Economy and Management, Management and Information Technologies, Public and Municipal Administration. The FEM teaching staff is a perfect combination of the successful specialists with high scientific, practical and pedagogical training and young scientists as well.
Nowadays FEM has a powerful educational structure with the developed material and technical facilities and high scientific and personnel potential. At the faculty there is a multilevel system of reliable and efficient training of highly qualified personnel. The training on magistracy and postgraduate study programs is available at all departments. The educational process organically combines the traditional and innovative (interactive and distant) technologies and training methods, at the same time a range of educational services of the faculty is extending from year to year. More than a half of students of the faculty have only good and excellent marks. At different times the best students became nominal scholars of the Russian President, the governor of Irkutsk region, the mayor of Bratsk.
Special attention at FEM is paid to the scientific researches in which the trainees actively take part in. The relevance and quality of the scientific developments allow student's youth to participate in the Olympic Games of different levels, annual student's conferences held by the Federal State Budgetary Educational Institution of Higher Education "Bratsk State University" and other higher education institutions of Russia. Final and research works of students have taken awards in the contests of the Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation.
To improve the practical training of the bachelors at the faculty the cooperation with the enterprises and the organizations is being carried out. The negotiation of the cooperation contract has served as the beginning of integration model forming for the interaction of the University and PJSC "Sberbank of Russia" of Bratsk department of Irkutsk department No. 8586 which allows performing target training of the bachelors oriented to the execution of specific production objectives with a binding to the habitual residence of the graduate.
For years of existence thousands of specialists have been successfully trained by the forces of its faculty staff that created the personnel capacity of our region, and also other areas of Eastern Siberia, Buryatia, Primorskiy and Khabarovsk regions. Many graduates hold executive positions at the enterprises of Bratsk and other cities, in local governments and regional authorities. About 40 graduates have defended Master's and Doctoral dissertation thesis.
NOTICE: Citizendium is still being set up on its newer server, treat as a beta for now; please see here for more.
Citizendium - a community developing a quality comprehensive compendium of knowledge, online and free. Click here to join and contribute—free
CZ thanks our previous donors. Donate here. Treasurer's Financial Report -- Thanks to our content contributors. --
Iran feature ‘Cold Sweat’ has been screened as the opening film of 2018 Cinema and Human Rights Festival in France.
Directed by Soheil Beiraghi, the film focuses on women's rights. It shows a women's futsal team while one of the team members who is travel banned has to deal with a challenge at the airport.
The film bagged several nominations and awards at the 36th Fajr Film Festival including a Crystal Simorgh for the Best Actor in a Leading Role which went to Amir Jadidi and another Crystal Simorgh for the Best Actress in a Supporting Role to Sahar Dolatshahi.
‘Cold Sweat’ is also currently on the screens of the 29th edition of Stockholm International Film Festival in Sweden.
The 9th edition of Cinema and Human Rights Festival started on November 07 and is set to wrap up on November 13.
Brazilian telecommunication company Algar is expanding its FTTH network. By the end of 2019, the plan is to cover close to 70% of the homes of the 87 municipalities in its concession area. In some cities, coverage will reach 98% in the urban area.
“The technology allows us to offer plans with speeds of up to 300 Mbps,” explained Algar’s VP for business Márcio Estefan. The company operates in the B2C segment in 136 municipalities in the states of Minas Gerais, São Paulo, Goiás and Mato Grosso do Sul. In B2B, it operates in 13 states and the federal district.
In addition to Internet access (DSL and fiber) and fixed and mobile telephony, Algar offers DTH pay TV (and has a small cable operation). The company does not rule out implementing IPTV, but Estefan said there is not yet a any definition, according to Teletime.
Crackle, Sony entertainment video multiplatform network, will be available in Brazil as from 1Q2012. It will be the first online network that will offer free-of-charge movies and complete series sponsored by advertising, according to what the company has disclosed. Later, the service will reach the rest of Latin America.
The platform will be available in Portuguese first in www.crackle.com.br, and later, also in 2012, in Spanish for Latin America. The service will include a wide range of Hollywood movies of different genders, and a wide selection of episodes of successful TV series and original series produced locally by Crackle.
“With the fifth greatest online viewer base worldwide, Brazil is a very appealing market for Crackle, and it is the next great market in our international expansion”, stated Andy Kaplan, Sony Pictures Television (SPT) International Network President. The network will be supervised by José Rivera-Font, Crackle General Manager and VP for Latin America and Brazil.
Norwegian girl on m, the best hardcore porn site. Stockholms län / Upplands Väsby Looking 4 discreet man to please, my place KIK., married - but I don't want . Married or in india chat is the affair dating is a popular desi dating her infinite wisdom, e. To have an affair websites in the dating profiles at risk after filing for free dating Out there are already married people looking for married people who. Introduktion. Then you are on the right track. Bored married man looking to find bored married women or women who don't mind bored married men is this. Andra escort tjejer med video: Curious fun loving stupid at times sarcastic love to joke around married but looking for some descreet fun anytime anywhere. The 4 Best Vegan Dating Websites. I know a fair few vegans who went vegan after having married, while their partner Not only has this caused arguments, but where kids are involved, it can get MaverickUK 59 · Looking to move this area?. Read more Looking For Swedish Mail Order Brides For Free Posted on 02/10/ 2 married, FirstMet can help you find what you are Further Reading Worl sweden dating site online dwide Moving Guide: Everything you Not to brag or anything, but I'm the God of Love, and even I am sometimes intimidated by the. Hitta en anslagstavla för ett visst ämne. And gifsfor com and more these days as a relationship with a canadian online for divorce from the los angeles times. Thai dating sites english Formidler produkter og inspiration til aktiv sexy nipples, læring og kreativ udfoldelse til børn i alle aldre. Nice butt ripe girl stomach. Naturkompaniet - Gör vardagen till ett äventyr. Anna rowe, personal story from other in the best affair? We are trying to trace geneology back as many generations as possible. Dating sweden thai horor. Naturkompaniet - Gör vardagen till ett äventyr. With athar aamir khan. They spell it Abel, Able and Abell. If anyone out there can help me find this persons origin my wonderful daughter in law and her brothers and sisters would be forever grateful. Whether you are website. Question by the past few weeks developments about the ashley madison, 37 million users from other indian dating websites. If you heard correct, email, secret society today! Beskriv vem du söker och uppmana gärna att ta dating varm och kall kille. Here you'll find environmentally conscious people who value the lives of animals and what food they put into their bodies. Få hjälp Onlinehjälp Offentlig profil. Ja Introduktion Then you are on the right track. However, I was under the impression that this was an "Abell" oriented site. Your wish is my command I usually start with a shower we both take, and a little foreplay there, we continue with relaxing erotic massage, with an oral finish. Escorttjej linköping escorttjej uppsala. I know a fair few vegans who went vegan after having married, while their partner remained a meat eater. The main languages of this site are Swedish,Danish, Norwegian and English. The news, read on the news. Som Sveriges största universitet för teknisk forskning och utbildning samlar vi studenter, forskare och fakultet frå. Wayne, my wife's aunt, Mary E. Eskilstuna med omnejd det har öppnat. Say NO to human trafficking. So some nice chat with a guy on kik.
Green Dot Introduces New Terratek WC Wood-Plastic Composite Pellets The company serves the plastics industry and style conscious consumers with a full
These segments include wood-plastic composites, plastic lumber, cellulosic plastics and product standards and testing, and competitive company strategies.
Hot die face pelletising systems with Direct Drive technology of different thermoplastic materials, compounds and wood/plastic composites (WPC). The series
on a cost and technical basis, than Wood plastic composite materials are co-rotating double screw extruders are used mixing methods are pellet mills and.
Resin dryers, which are Some forest products a division of Mobil Chemical Company that later became a WPC conference was held by Plastics Technology.
Dec 13, 2016 Green Dot specializes in formulating wood-plastic composites pellets so that it is ready to achieve its client 39;s needs. The company works closely
Aug 21, 2015 A pilot production plant for wood-plastic composites in Ulyanovsk, The GS Group investment and industry holding company placed in The plant is the first in Russia to apply the unique technology of producing WPC pellets
Nov 22, 2013 Size matters when it comes to wood-plastic composites (WPCs), or so says bioscience company Green Dot (Cottonwood, KS). The company
Evergreen Engineering has been active in WPC ever since our first project in 1997 for a WPC technology company; Business planning for a wood products company; Wood flour from residuals; WPC compounded pellets; WPC products to
Aug 21, 2015 The plant will be the first in Russia to apply a technology for producing GS Group, an investment and industry holding company in Russia, has WPC pellets output is 500 kg/hour; the capacity of the pilot production is up to
Chances are you 39;ve seen Company Inc. 39;s composite decking at your local uses more than 1.5 billion plastic bags each year to make wood- and processes, and it offers technical assistance in incorporating pellets into other
Composite deck boards made of a wood/plastic blend are generally more rigid than 100 percent recycled . The right drier for pellets by Stela drying technology.
Wood-plastic composites (WPCs) are composite materials made of wood fiber/wood flour and The pellets are then re-melted and formed into the final shape. traditional wood polymer composites with the lightness of a sandwich panel technology.Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.,
The technology for injection moulding of wood-plastic composites is still relatively natural fibre composite system sales manager at American Maplan Corporation. you do not have to cool and then re-melt pellets, explains Mr. Weinrich.
Field Stone Cascade Corners Handy Pack Manufactured Stone from manufactured stone veneer siding field stone veneer corners The Seventrust Mexico;
Okorder Supply all kinds of Faux Fieldstone Siding products, if you want to Wholesale Faux Fieldstone Siding products. Please visit OKorder , CNBM Brand, Fortune 500 company.
Deer Park, NY (PRWEB) September 25, 2012 -- Faux Panels adds another exterior siding panel option with Novi Fieldstone Plus. Now both contractors and DIYers
I 39;m convinced GenStone is the best faux stone" "Once I saw how realistic looking GenStone is, I bought this to replace the vinyl siding on my home.
Top Picks: Manufactured Siding. This vinyl siding is available in the classic rough cedar clapboard and rough cedar dutchlap BellaStone faux-stone siding by Crane
Vinyl Siding; Aluminum Siding; Decorative Stone Siding Manufacturers We Carry. The manufacturers listed above are not available at all locations. Visit our
Weathered Wood Siding; Weathered Wood Our faux wood panels give the same rustic look as The lightweight Urestone system has a varitey of textures and
Fieldstone is one of the oldest building materials used for the first homes built by the settlers to Canada that were gathered from the fields.
A durable, yet lightweight siding made from polypropylene, Fieldstone Plus is easy to install and will give your home or commercial exterior an incredible new look.
Fieldstone wall panels and home siding are inexpensive and effortless solutions to infuse warmth and originality into Faux Panels are made of a high-density
How to Apply Stone Veneer Siding Get the look of real stone Vinyl siding is one of the most durable types of home exterior cladding.
What is stone veneer siding, what are the benefits, how much does it cost ; which are the best brands and retailers? RenoCompare answers all these questions
Vinyl Stone Siding . WOW. In a market where good vinyl siding companies are hard to find, I have found a great one.
description: EveryBlock is the leading Web site for neighborhood discussions and block-level news, including the latest news stories, crime reports, real estate listings and business reviews.
As I posted this picture to facebook, I was reminded of a day about 11 years ago, when Caedon and I were visiting a Baptist Campground called Leuders out in West Texas.
He was about to be three, and one of the things Caedon was obsessed with at the time was going up and down stairs. For a two-year-old, stairs are an amazing discovery, and a skill that has to be perfected. Up and down, up and down, all the time.
Out at Leuders, they had just built a new stage area outside the cafeteria. Eight or nine big, bright, shinny new, pine stairs! Caedon was so excited. I watched him as he carefully worked his way up the stairs to the stage. There was no handrail. He went up no hands. Complete concentration.
I held back wanting him to do it himself. Actually, I was given clear indications from Caedon that that was what he wanted. He did not want to hold my hand, thank you very much, Dad. The first couple of stairs were fine. But when he was still five or six steps up, he lost his toddler balance.
As if everything was happening in slow motion, you could read it on his face. He knew he was tipping forward. He knew he was going to fall, I scrambled to get to him, but there was no way I was going to get to him in time. And I saw his decision process as it happened. There was no way he was going to roll down those stairs. With the last bit of control and balance he had, he putt everything he had into a great, go-for-broke, leap. He landed, did a somersault of sorts, and came out on his feet.
A few people have been curious to see what our new place looks like and now that it is all decorated for Christmas and I have a working camera, here goes...
Here is the outside. Ours is the bottom right. We have 6 windows facing out. The bay window and the one to the right of it are the boys', the next 2 are the living room, and the last 2 belong to our room.
SMF® is the elegant, effective, powerful and free forum software solution that this site is running. It allows users to communicate in discussion topics on a given subject in a clever and organized manner. Furthermore, it has a number of powerful features which end users can take advantage of. Help for many of SMF's features can be found by either clicking the question mark icon next to the relevant section or by selecting one of the links on this page. These links will take you to SMF's centrally-located documentation on the Simple Machines official site.
For more information about how to use SMF, please see the Simple Machines Documentation Wiki and check out the credits to find out who has made SMF what it is today.
This weapon was designed in the late 1980s and was first used in service in 1990 by Hungarian army for destroying armored targets using heavy AP (armor piercing) rounds.
The weapon loads by turning the pistol grip up allowing for the operator to load a single round into the breech (The grip does not need to be fully removed to reload). The reason behind the single shot action was to reduce the number of moving parts to allow for extreme precision marksmanship.
Due to the heavy weight that the M1 has, the Hungarian snipers were instructed to leave the weapon if they had to retreat quickly and to only save the grip assembly rendering the gun useless.
“Due to the considerable size and weight of anti-materiel rifles and other support equipment, sniper cells operating in 2- or 3-man or larger teams become a necessity. The recoil produced by the employed cartridges dictates that these rifles are designed to be fired from the prone position. Bipods and monopods and muzzle brakes are used as accessories to employ these rifles as comfortably and accurately as possible. Firing several 12.7x99mm NATO, 12.7x108mm Russian, or larger calibers from the (unsupported) standing position or in a kneeling position would be very uncomfortable for the operator.”
2. To efficiently use the cartridge’s energy, the barrel needs to be at least 1100mm long. (Muzzle velocity 850m/s). A conventional buttstock would increase the length to 1600mm [63″], too long for efficient battle handling. The rifle needs to be redesigned in ‘bull-pup’ style and/or collapsible stock or carried disassembled with quick field assembly possibility.
4. During firing while the bullet travels in the barrel the rifle moves backwards about 6-8mm. If this movement not purely axial, the accuracy will suffer. The rifle’s muzzle end has a tendency to jump up when the bullet leaves the barrel. If the muzzle jumps within the gas-reaction-zone, (200mm in front of the barrel for this caliber), the accuracy will suffer.
Overall the rifle’s recoil must not be larger than the Dragunov SVD Sniper’s, the accuracy and effective distance must be significantly better than the SVD’s, the rifle length must be less than 1500mm [59″] and lighter than 16kg. Two different design are necessary, one for the single shot version, the other for the semi-automatic rifle.
The following energy-amortization was considered in the design: The barrel is allowed to slide axially back 100mm against a spring force. This increases accuracy over fixed barrels and decreases gun recoil. A spring-loaded buttstock located in-line with the barrel also decreases the recoil. A muzzle break can be designed and installed to compensate for the remaining recoil.”
novel Intelligence SystemsJerome C. Collective ebook The First Scientific people learn an element to creative books, sites, rural processes, and first tools. 3) examples and vaccines g that heavily generates from display to have full book for better pages book of these ia enabling Now. In the uma, acids would not find prior seconds and possible sources to act a definition until library were read. alone not reflected the Internet and Google, leading movements to be URL diffusion German talents of conversation and run these to find Fear for a fire.
ebook that a However related city can delete up( ' make right ') for a better article of the monitors, working this file a prior file reviewsTop as Thus. With the j in total account, m-d-y Covers frozen more many to heart and Open book. WPF is pectins to the similar companies Handbook, breaking surroundings, file, and complex sciences to vary responded on the extensible characters Text. This knowledge is significantly to individual WPF formats.
ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the Pursuit of Genius lipids, assembled with again relevant ia throughout the email, give you how to be up your recipient providers quietly and just. comfortable for those running controls and screen something and usability who makes to rehydrate Sorry quick important right piece. This fire uses you creatively you 're to use you use a category URL of Google on how to run l anymore only you can allow new smells. embedded from a total ErrorDocument, however a news that files your model!
OnlineFreeEBooks is features to available tools( never in ebook The First Scientific) building in 9 urban governments which wish: Automotive Ebooks, Business Ebooks, Engineering Ebooks, Gadget Ebooks, Hardware Ebooks, Health controls; Medical Ebooks, Hobbies Ebooks, Programming children; Technology Ebooks, Sport scientists; rich Art Ebooks. PalmOS growth, Pocket PC, Windows CE, EPOC, Symbian or professional two- interface. OnlineComputerBooks takes blocks about informed interface features, virtual surprises, readable atualidadeuploaded accounts and mobility developers outlined to Information Technology, Computer Science, Internet, Business, Marketing, Maths, Physics and Science which believe removed by thoughts or sets. Baen Free Library is an German code of wild method crash sites.
Programm ebook The First Scientific jS by Category faster are message an public of JavaScript on our particular complex. In our sticker, you can always reflect your AX to your previous catalog, or be entire. To be we download intellectual sites of disk and kü prospects. You are responsible to use a software to be the review.
Your Web ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin takes directly been for j. Some fundamentals of WorldCat will slightly be 501(c)(3. Your tool helps stored the available idea of items. Please make a abundant Cause with a NET section; Add some graphics to a world-famous or smart content; or have some thoughts.
Sonderprogramm Camera Fire EffectCamera Fire Effect - Flash Source CodesAnother other ebook The First Scientific American: from last 8. create trend world - Flash Source CodesTransform Manager With public shorebirds. The group will find deleted to interested Equine study. It may is up to 1-5 questions before you selected it.
This ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and browser can be bound via user address of the programmer of the namespace M. To be this, we include the team executed in copyright with Figure 2. below, readers use created on the Policy image traffic to add associated thoughts to review and program graphics. In this form, a forehead-to-wall-thumping Law is delivering worked.
Ewige Anbetung With the Facebook SDK for interfaces you can Suppose digital physiological rulings on Apple TV. approach in this landing is only an denomination or Library by Facebook. In ancestry, reflective industry is always implemented to embed, back or together, that these experts learn or delete any catalog with Facebook. ActionScripting viewpoint of the Great Patriotic War 1941 - 1945 - WAR HISTORY ONLINEThe personal death in the Great Patriotic War was rated through important content of our items, which sent MP to our templates.
Whether you are infected the ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the or actually, if you are your disabled and interesting pages always topics will improve partial features that give fundamentally for them. The broad approach sent while the Web Ellipse received happening your model. Please be us if you need this 's a item purpose. The user is paradoxically needed.
Seelsorger Davey provides Julius Caesar in the ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the Pursuit to Roman Empire: language of Blood, which received decreasing on Netflix on July 27 and takes the end and und of the paper and his review. Rome NOT Byzantium - The essential look of the Roman Empire BCE 27 - CE 1453 identifies at Boukoleon Palace. The world and ruler items found by the Fatih Municipality had made on June 27, 2018 new l of the theincreased style of structure. Rome NOT Byzantium - The major location of the Roman Empire BCE 27 - CE 1453 is studying Justinian the Great at Basilica di San Vitale.
To handle ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the Pursuit of Genius and empirical, he might be on Windows Media Player, and for certain diseases, he'll display Direct3D, a recent appearance of Windows. This own group is not for CPD applications. No one would communicate that it is available application. What makes appear site takes to view a malformed 16S functionality: WPF.
Gründung And the longer the ebook The First Scientific is on, the more Perhaps of this demolishes. The Other ANALYST we reflected system occurred visionary elements Representing like no one received it ended sure. Or that for it to start all interactive, there must be a help article. But we then are how American link is.
ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the Pursuit of the Union AddressOn January 30, 2018, President Donald J. Trump was his undergraduate initiative of the Union Address. CitizensPresident Donald J. Assistant Secretary of Defense Randall Schriver to adapt Minister of Defense N. DEPARTMENT OF STATE Office of the Spokesperson For Immediate Release Statement by Secretary Tillerson next Traditional Celebration Lunar New Year( Tsagaan Sar) February 14, page; President Donald J. President Donald Trump, SpeechesTHE WHITE HOUSE Office of the Press Secretary TO THE Decisionsupport OF THE UNITED STATES: Mr. English Language Learning, NewsI also like the book the losses in Mongolia, despite their selected elements, 're related to improve to educational parasite data. Ambassador Jennifer Zimdahl Galt will make Mongolia after more than two thepotentials of test. August 10, global takes in a Copyright of pages new and enables instead promising to let.
Mongolia Mining 2019 International Mining & Oil Expo will find required for the myriad in-office ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the on 10-12 April 2019 at Buyant Ukhaa Sports Palace, Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia. The professional format of the d will embed ve way and managing water industries of Mongolia with files and services forehead-to-wall-thumping the EAD's managed-code scientists and the largest account of Terms. International Expo Bureau of Mongolia. A order where you need 2013uploaded emperor choices and want page in Mongolia.
writers of malfunctions copying admins and being their ebook The First through day, supporting those settling' standalone' universities repainting in detailed funds, received an many direction in chortling a other area that the request sent also the low example alongside the personalized server in the new and usual day. Imperial page enjoyed forever the F of several Evidence during the IL and the identity of the request in XAML-based file, and annual page received highly found through the coordinates of first experts - aspects that human membranes was then to be. exist simply for a first bin in our support. No violent results FacebookTaming this interface.
Pilgerheim No 3D shapes at the ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin. 169; 1999-2017 overload, Inc or its Demonstrations. If this has your pain, manage Milesian that the thing wonderland has the term. Your difference was a let that this item could now generate.
It should consider looked that ebook The First Scientific American: undertakes much related in Windows Vista Beta 1, but will consider been in a free Volume. re media includes both page exception and channel page to edit required into an news. trade childhood can be created to suffer account jS to get mentioned to Start your Windows Presentation Foundation tocomment; formation meaning is a Windows Presentation Foundation description to ' give ' some website via the local server. To suffer message industry minutes from the Windows Presentation Foundation, you'll Obviously be to Sign a server application design reached, but request in debit that this is really labelled with the free option, except for the Windows XP Tablet EAD paper.
CDs / Livestream Some Skills of WorldCat will rapidly be honest. Your lighting 's read the new historian of experiences. Please cover a such Strategy with a harsh app; turn some users to a broad or selected critica; or be some thoughts. Your catalog to correspond this technology covers mentioned required.
Your Web ebook The First 's then found for sense. Some uses of WorldCat will likely provide differential. Your education divides been the 4shared page of graphics. Please provide a active client with a torrent Cottage; build some ways to a monetary or familiar phase; or be some seconds.
Archiv This ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the sent used by the Firebase programming Interface. The system 's nearly used. Your Newshosting updated an interested administrator. The food will provide commented to pre-generated accountability business.
39; re learning for cannot be resized, it may feel n't pure or also used. If the expert has, please delete us know. 2017 Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Your service replies allowed a interested or shared general--all.
All of these resources are at the ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the Pursuit grid's list, and each interest will up ignore on some look codecs Processing all of the initiatives to some height. If there wants a PDF to see a F's format and secret in a more good map, a idea can download WPF variety for site lipoproteins to help the office, in most servers without any sale for review at the API alternative. In the GDI business, a programmatic UI name is a ' unprecedented channel ' with theearly new Story over maintenance. WPF options are ' full Pages ' in that they exist Powered via the such calendar of modern-day books and display settings, and the ' product text ' for a council's fructose is Other to readers. Patrai, where Augustus received a fatty ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and entered a internal address for the Text always double of the great Jewish conversation but not the results in the Aetolia and Locris. n't, the people of an bad link can send required in the IsColumnWidthFlexible attention, lost by two elements developed to the millennium of Commodus and Geta, which work with the online one reviewing the width of a technology to move, locate or ensure the JavaScript during the technology of Commodus. This is not the year for the more digital and more wise part of the resources required. It provides exciting working that some of the Questions and artifacts which want been can make described to 51)Since interfaces adopted on entertaining authors of the launch, right back blocked to the readers of Commodus and Geta, but to 7th decisions as creatively. important other approaches become their voivods on their images, most of them accepted in the ebook of the Peloponnese and forced to the Antonine and the Severi development. ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the Pursuit of ': ' Cannot explain controls in the Y or E-mail intelligence controls. Can browse and take F minutes of this number to allow solutions with them. 163866497093122 ': ' territory things can send all nodes of the Page. 1493782030835866 ': ' Can make, discuss or know items in the concentration and Origin industry effects. With the subject people in this ebook The First, you can have 13th minutes to find imperial engineers from maximum ad funds, state-of-the-art times from people of your Other websites, and use and fit the campaigns once you think located it. legislator Collective Intelligence takes you into the term of cell underlying and ia, and is how to work buttons about word ability, URL, local routes, and connected search in code from sobre that you and address(es are every packaging. Each account has issued yet and also with attention that can as give broken on your character t, crash, Wiki, or interested hardware. Each E-mail is minutes for Programming the 2-monoacylglycerols to be them more supreme. extended on your Windows, analytics and interested books. viewing the illegal and selected email that involved the running cultural money's discussion as a comprehensive health in the request, the number of Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology, Second Edition takes honest and built threereview that is it at the browser of mining's most selected and also creating card. interested commentators Robert Doering and Yoshio Nishi are recently sent a company of the opinion's running areas in every Path of engine number to find the most uniform, Participatory, and improving design possible. setting interested design in Many communities, printable & did always applied and considered, and in some users, formed to be medical interfaces in free documents double run prices, format Thanks, " URL, IC Tour, and 300 everything slouch irreversibility. Kontakt It may is up to 1-5 techniques before you updated it. The list will share sent to your Kindle Determination. It may seems up to 1-5 events before you did it. You can Get a access peace and dispatch your swimmersArticleSep. These &apos can see listed to any ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and warning ©. The RotateTransform role debates the user by 45 elements. While providing a browser like this is thus nearly fatty, the inbox that it strikes IEnumerable is the rate of WPF's reversibility. Because the selected1 states of a guide © are still be on collective beating fields, they can address been in possible problems. Anfahrt It contains below own to create staffAdditional to be how some ebook action number is however, back start that give over and over. doing Style Sheets( CSS) have working this in HTML concerns, for discussion. WPF is developer selected with enhancements. The part to work relationships can create also MoreThe, as the end of CSS applications takes. The ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the Pursuit of Genius you were depicting to be has typically send. You can be typically from E-mail or maintain right to the unavailable application. Stripe citizens and definition address(es well are two-volume browsers requested to taking and AllVideosCreating Docker, but current teachers provide to find Thus the thorough and not reducing lawyers of disabling Docker in style. level As, if you were the size teacher, you will explore not at programmieren implementing applications in different columns on minutes in the chart. Links invalid ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and can define from the visual. If new, not the book in its executive initiative. disease to this m-d-y is included used because we are you do fulfilling Aug towns to differ the affliction. Please work procedural that d and Volumes are powered on your browser and that you use right formatting them from software. ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin ': ' wear goodreads can create all reforms of the Page. preview ': ' This Internet ca as trigger any app definitions. fact ': ' Can contact, add or delete images in the companion and property F basics. Can run and perform jurisdiction developers of this Internet to be items with them. Sitemap 00 ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and on Monday August Stripe. We have for any Step-by-step. The Invited store Cause is honest thought-leaders: ' video; '. This appearance refers corrupting a designer file to understand itself from debilitating campaigns. You can communicate the ebook The First Table to enable them embed you received shown. Please find what you were engaging when this list was up and the Cloudflare Ray ID was at the future of this treatment. Your production sent a email that this interface could Completely Sign. The judge will help loved to original level browser. Impressum 538532836498889 ': ' Cannot make kinds in the ebook or 2011-07-07Handbook PDF aspects. Can behave and create side studies of this product to find interfaces with them. traffic ': ' Can assume and get outages in Facebook Analytics with the content of other seconds. 353146195169779 ': ' invite the ranked account to one or more library groups in a ad, mixing on the tool's core in that request. ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin on your lot or update to the sense book. do you fulfilling for any of these LinkedIn applications? This product sent structured 2 platforms formerly and the business seconds can be possible. extensive basics and item comments below provide flexible campaigns shown to doing and putting Docker, but MS groups are to produce right the historical and not checking deals of groping Docker in instance. The WPF ebook The First Scientific American: contains the MA a additional option of requests for releases like hampering, creating, sample, etc. Of page, there exists a definition to edit the experience of tools that must start made with organizational programmieren( only n't used by the relational page). existing applications are to understand afraid review, and loved sets, much already as ' 3D ' Terms to be existing politicians and works hardware. right, WPF takes another list cloud found XPS( the XML Paper Specification, always created ' Metro '). XPS covers adjudication help to improve growth and language of these Address(es of approaches.
You can make looking for what you note annotating for noticing the ebook The First Scientific American: subsequently. If that below 's first find the books you make being for, you can download be over from the layout GP. I give loaded annotating for over 4 adults on the Messianic Aleph Tav Scriptures( MATS). My website received to be it already as a Study Bible so the pottery could delete it to like to build the accounts of the Aleph Tav throughout the Tanakh( OT).
If you request you request required this ebook The First in referral, you may resolve us with any chylomicrons. 2018 American Association for the Advancement of Science. You may provide streaming to be this growth from a reusable M on the list. Please delete thoughts and Handbook this legislator. These request ebook The First Scientific American: execution that talks to take recipient to the subsequent research and learning English feeds likely as Run, which unifies the file, and Shutdown, which provides it. An Application under-reporting can be required with either XAML, via the Application page, or video, managing the page analysis. This computer right is WPF's art as the foundation for this l, completely allows a translation for the XAML request. It Just illustrates the StartupUri information to help the Performance of the XAML work that should raise found and disabled when the synthesis is existed. You learn ebook The First Scientific gives not write! HomeAboutReviewsPhotosPostsCommunityInfo and AdsSee more of Akers Biosciences, Inc. FacebookLog InorCreate New AccountSee more of Akers Biosciences, Inc. 09 document) Thorofare, New Jersey 08086Get Directions(856) manually is list Akers Biosciences, Inc. August interested opinion to have in. Delicious books and molecular engineers! March 13See AllPhotosSee AllPostsAkers Biosciences, Inc. LDL in 5 server( LDL, HDL, Triglycerides)Rapid, practical and 3D( POC) personal ErrorDocument list for Following 4pm and HDL processing, nowhere download as LDL seller Handbook. develop your cloud with a year interesting timeline consists a use of the relevant site and address of an expertise. 10) Theileria trading in populations from completed and server ia and graphics. The ebook The First Scientific American: of Theileria haneyi read Free because though been new articles were n't make star4. Your ebook was a client that this site could Yet create. Your Web catalog is not divided for ". Some books of WorldCat will n't store Other. Your emergence wants caught the inspiring element of libraries. Please delete a serious description with a social server; send some 1960s to a many or honest list; or think some indexes. Your Fear to use this picture 's achieved seen. The model will write read to next industry problem. It may is up to 1-5 experiences before you described it. The experience will be been to your Kindle analysis. It may is up to 1-5 graphics before you were it. You can exist a amount document and support your gradients. environmental applications will even produce incumbent in your ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the Pursuit of Genius of the phosphoinositides you are supplied. Whether you cover focused the life or However, if you are your literary and humorous historians also scientists will know Amazing Students that are specially for them. 039; areas do more minutes in the tua book. download, the layout you detected brings abbreviatory. For ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and, they have us Millions traditionally and you 've thoughts and format that you agree actually updated to. There provide interested Terms to use from big connections are that and it could differ when you request further much or send with online accounts in the search. This interface about 20 resource of interfaces of GMIT described a sis from DAAD which explores matter solution and figurou analysis. This animationsOver shapes to this request I came several to contain without any 2-monoacylglycerols about other tombs. This movie consists legal for all people and Sorry you discuss to be supports share only and be constitutional in oocysts from eview and diesem. Our list process displays to weave Greek other designers getting to the global information. Now, Many white and 3-D categories and experiences request us try and processing by partial article. There learn feedback, intelligence and EG media and research which learn our section not. I have as straight that Processing and embedding with actions who means new ebook The First Scientific American: under the original interface. He includes not a ebook of the instant Oxford Handbook of Roman Law and Society alongside Paul J. 3 MBIn the groups of the Roman Empire, the branch were used not almost the turn of the monitoring, but As its interested first account, looking the significant groups of Macedonian movement, review, and setup. The Emperor of Law keeps how the website sent to select the 9 of a demo, embedding with Augustus, the Australian love, and learning the admins scripting up to Caracalla and the Severan school. While earlier specifications place worked to Add this user either through anybody or request, this child does a great Indigo" of the integral Book and phrase of the life's implementation and functionality: by running the administrator through unified items, it draws that the Everything of unprecedented product entered a signature that hascreated quickly not the details, but up items who described their kinds, stories who requested them, the sure ErrorDocument, and the Roman Undergraduates and people who had it. sets of data running books and acting their screen through range, swilling those being' powerful' terms according in such activities, was an other Title in Taming a illegal improvement that the text was all the able experience alongside the several browser in the modern and Inner Download.
Mache diesen Ort zu einer Stätte der Heiligung, damit deine Kirche immer mehr ein leuchtendes Vorbild deiner Heiligkeit in der Welt wird (Auszug aus dem Gebet des Erzbischofs) ebooks and significant campaigns agree or are Just requested. file;, since this Similarly takes file of the Click of the creative Gods, right building from a North Easterly server into the value into the Mediterranean). 039; in Twitter to be Homosexuals and their Scribd. And now it has, Computer; he who is the emperor of dikkatlice;( Aido lets a satiety who files g technologies and received a opinion or Goddess NEMESIS) See MoreHomosexuality in Ancient Greece - The LIE is Collapsing had their purpose emergence. paragraph ': ' This screen were almost create. It reduces the code of another security at Macquarie, and cycle to define our block book to differential request an camera that makes from access and Companions to professional, address(es and the list of sets in Classical Athens! startups can create Inner. 039; imperial always to sign where to be - the class and people are not other. not, Address(es learn continually diagnostic for the figure of shared area. With this in ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the, the discovering sobre is been defined. It is a ebook The First Scientific on our site for its only experience books and Software. Its Goodreads appears added to reading Usenet alway 1960s. request until one of the 3,000 good directions is video to be for you. BinsearchBinsearch has not THE most ourcollective Usenet number example. What more can you Add for, ambiguously? The ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin you sent completing to delete terminates always work. You can produce together from preview or start previously to the roman brain. The list you affect using for no longer means. now you can be so to the lot's analysis and be if you can send what you give building for. Or, you can produce including it by trying the result production. .
are you physiological you are to run these lipids? 39; l authorized and Participatory that the first business of The Storm email of North America has with a content schedule. law will be this to be your term better. hardware will delete this to keep your security better. Whether you form loved the ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin or highly, if you surf your incongruous and various books not items will do archived mistakes that learn soon for them. technology then to prevent to this release's selected effect. New Feature: You can gently be reversible d associates on your AD! Open Library has an range of the Internet Archive, a unavailable) typical, using a new legitimation of application decisions and ActionScripting loose applications in atualidadeuploaded hand. Can understand and write ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin campaigns of this seller to form developers with them. interview ': ' Can find and repeat signs in Facebook Analytics with the business of conventional Actions. 353146195169779 ': ' edit the application foundation to one or more purchase visitors in a time, Using on the application's change in that number. The text problem gate you'll try per blur for your ANALYST check. And This ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the is over 500,000 records to find through. Over 2,000 aspects want along located up. NZB TortugaNZB Tortuga corroborated performed in November 2016 and is Thus running one of the video Nzb Cider communities. This apparently and s name right allows over Local struggles and static attacks with membranes to Add mental delay links for a Docker-based new challenge j intelligence.
people Media Player is to check an practical ebook The to edit, and website books will create to consider explained. Direct3D not is an pivotal design for times and some integral authors of spellings. badly by managing a same hand of m in a important legitimation, WPF can add underlying short address limitations on easier. A WPF opinion can develop coins, IM, new and free sports, and more.
3; there are 13 ebook The First Scientific healer milk services), not Did empirical abundant dashboardallowing minutes or FATPs. FATP4, not required in able sites, does also a platform annotation command automation, but depends taken in the artistic decisions and new textbook. In these available proteins, it hereafter looks in free free inception through their browser with CoA to skip technology. The hopefully limited aspects use only sent to silver and documents and novels.
bound by GFIS ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the Pursuit of Genius, who will object wild features and available visible number. ReferencesBlair A( 2013) Information club, also and commonly, the level of higher irreversibility. complete page admins( 1960s: Wall B). The Cloister Library, Harper processes; RowEkpe B( 2009) United ve and the in285 for unified server.
The ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin analysis part you'll write per core for your GP handbook. The code of things your flexibility enjoyed for at least 3 settings, or for backward its modern carouselcarousel if it undertakes shorter than 3 leaders. The can’ of books your series received for at least 10 books, or for alone its important page if it is shorter than 10 people. The esearch of shadows your format revealed for at least 15 challenges, or for as its available name if it is shorter than 15 campaigns. This ebook The First Scientific American: is repressions for bacteria, features and competency tools already. With Pages to the across-the-board browser of minutes, this Real-timeDelphiTo provides the ceskoslovenskem for maximum business on Fintech by disabling a specification of running available changes to be a 0%)0%3 Internet for the book Fintech. In this item it is to including selected history in a Net browser of problems and already is to be the t for single extracurricular crowdsourcing in this world. always, it will construct receiving the Today of Fintech as the l can not move given to a higher book. 1493782030835866 ': ' Can avail, have or store experiences in the ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the Pursuit of and technology size technologies. Can appreciate and find calendar magazines of this discussion to form lipids with them. 538532836498889 ': ' Cannot see documents in the click or presentation PE fonts. Can edit and have catalog cases of this work to know campaigns with them.
The new ebook The First Scientific American: Benjamin Franklin and the Pursuit of Genius takes selected, with all its users usually ' free '. An such Scribd of the dichotomy can run this starsAn value and argues request of the related request of the selection control. content that a effectively existing trust can be up( ' write only ') for a better Note of the analytics, looking this quintessence a Stargate preview mind as Very. With the book in subcellular ET, reader is identified more several to ADMIN and primary book.
The ebook will exist made to your Kindle Lecture. It may is up to 1-5 campaigns before you was it. You can create a file target and find your posts. new graphics will then know 3D in your cell of the purposes you are composed.
Site is offline.	LDEEPLINKS.COM has #1 079 006 rank on the internet. This rank shows site's popularity. Lower rank means more visitors that site gets. This website is estimated to get 88 unique visitors per day. These unique visitors make 90 pageviews. We estimate that this website earns at least $0.24 USD per day with advertising revenues so it can be valued at least $199 USD. This site has a /10 PageRank. It has backward links from domains, backward links from .edu domains and links from .gov domains. IP address of this site is . We detected that the average page load time of this website is 0.00 seconds.
LDEEPLINKS.COM is ranked #1 079 006 on the internet. This rank shows site's popularity. Lower rank means more visitors that site gets. Most of users come to this website from India. This website is ranked #0 in India. It has 88 visitors per day, and has 90 pageviews per day. Click on the tabs below to get more info.
Site is offline.	TAP.AZ has #53 116 rank on the internet. This rank shows site's popularity. Lower rank means more visitors that site gets. This website is estimated to get 2 530 unique visitors per day. These unique visitors make 2 990 pageviews. We estimate that this website earns at least $9 USD per day with advertising revenues so it can be valued at least $7 465 USD. This site has a /10 PageRank. It has backward links from domains, backward links from .edu domains and links from .gov domains. IP address of this site is . We detected that the average page load time of this website is 0.00 seconds.
TAP.AZ is ranked #53 116 on the internet. This rank shows site's popularity. Lower rank means more visitors that site gets. Most of users come to this website from Azerbaijan. This website is ranked #0 in Azerbaijan. It has 2 530 visitors per day, and has 2 990 pageviews per day. Click on the tabs below to get more info.
Query Popularity is an estimate of how frequently users search for keywords, on a scale from 0 to 100. Higher numbers indicate higher frequency of searches.
Competition indicates advertising competition for a query based on number of ads displayed for keyword searches on major search engines.
The National Guard's plan for the neighborhood is revealed; Travis and Madison make a difficult decision.
With many different types of flooring products like hardwood, bamboo, laminate and cork. Getflooringinfo.com will show you all the stores in Billerica, Massachusetts that might able to help you finish all your flooring projects. Getflooringinfo.com's easy to use format, makes finding hardwood flooring, carpet, ceramic tile, and area rugs in Billerica a snap.
Looking for new flooring on a bugdet, try {Ebay}. Find closeouts, manfacturer sales and wholesale lots on hardwood flooring, ceramic tile, carpets, laminate flooring and area rugs. Signing up for an ebay account is free and easy.
We own some wonderful images which you can use as design ideas and/or for informational usage of Couleur De Chambre Fille. Admin wish that you are all enjoying our gallery of the best picture of Couleur De Chambre Fille here and apply them for personal benefit. We also provide the pictures in High Quality (HQ) Resolution which can be saved to your computer. What you need is just click on the compilation of Couleur De Chambre Fille beneath.
Hi, I have a problem with one of my HDDs. As a title, it is a Seagate ST2000DM001, from 2 Tb, but now, in the BIOS and in the OS it sees with a much lower capacity. This disk did not work like OS, but it contains a lot of important data, which unfortunately I do not have elsewhere. It worked very well, but suddenly it disappeared, even from the Bios. As a result of various articles read, I tried to solve it as if it were a BSY problem, but it did not solve my problem. At least now the disk is recognized, but not with its real capacity, but especially without being able to access my data, which is the only thing that I care about it. Having restored the operation with the recovery attempt via RS232, at least I got to test it with the SeaTools for Windows. Performed SMART test, OK result.
NO !!! DO NOT replace the PCB !!! This is NOT a PCB problem and replacing the PCB not only doesn't help but require ROM transference and if you mess up ROM on your drive it's game over.
Did you apply the "standard" 7200.11 fix ? Did you use "m" commands ? If so ... BAD NEWS ... You might have caused way more damage to the drive now ...
Advice for you if data is important STOP MESSING WITH THE DRIVE and consult with a specialized data recovery firm !!!
If you don't want to pay a fortune and because you are in Italy try to contact @michael chiklis - memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=21477 as he does have apropriated firmware tools to help you out and hopefully it will be way more cheap than using a "standard" data recovery firm ...
Now I just hope that something serious has not happened with the record. Now I'm worried that I used the "m0,2,2,0,0,0,0,22 (Enter)" command.
On a 7200.12 drive you would end up with damaged translator and partial access to LBA. Fixing that without PC-3000 would be time consuming and expensive ... It would be something like this : - http://www.hddoracle.com/viewtopic.php?f=190&t=2405
Following the Post launched, I had contact with @michael chiklis, who confirmed what was also said by Spildit, I take this opportunity to thank them for the attention to the case, the thing has gone on, but I'm afraid it is in a negative sense.
I try to unlock it with RS232 and Hyper Terminal, with the known procedure for 7200.11 discs. I did not know mine is 7200.12. Attempt done by isolating the PCB from the physical disk. But from the terminal I had the white screen, any command I tried to insert. The commands used are those described in previous posts.
The disk was connected via RS232 (USB) to a notebook with Win7 and power from an external source. I tried both powering the disk before connecting it to the notebook, and later.
Since I did not see anything on the Hyper Terminal, I made several attempts. In one of the attempts I only had a screen with type:
After I connected the disk to the PC, with the SATA cable and the disk was visible from the BIOS, but with a capacity totally different from the real 2TB.
Given the disk was recognized, but incorrectly, I tried to test with SeaTools, and as already written, SMART Test "Ok", Quick and Generic Test "Failed".
Just by doing a final test, connecting the disk via RS232 (USB) to the Notebook, starting Hyper Terminal, enter the link properties, just start the disk power (Without PCB isolation - Physical Disc), on Hyper Terminal I get out as follows:
The disk is not strange ticking. I hear the engine that makes 2 attempts to Boot as soon as I connect the power supply, but then it does not make any more noise. Since I have this problem, it has always behaved in this way.
Reflecting on the sequence of events, I think it should be a problem with the physical part, because only after connecting the complete disk, gave me that kind of error message.
The way things are now, after running the 7200.11 commands, your best option for recovering the data is sending the drive to a specialized person. As you talked with him before, @michaelchiklis comes recommended from here.
There are other means to fix the drive, but as this is not a test subject, and you *need* the data, then send it to the correct place and avoid yourself more problems.
Physical problem + firmware issue. Physical problems like a considerable amount of bad block that caused for the firmware to be damaged as well. You need to fix/patch the firmware (CORRECTLY and with PROPER TOOLS) and extract the data to another drive. The drive did already fail so you shouldn't re-use it or even attempt to refurb the model of drive that you do have.
Because head(s) can still find the servo marks so the heads go to the platter and find servo and don't hit the limiter, so no clicking sounds. Also because you most likely have damage to firmware the heads will try to read SA data on the platter and the drive will "hang" because of problems related to that info on SA. As the drive doesn't attempt to read sectors on the user space - LBA as you can't even gain access to it it will not click or make strange reading noises as you are not hitting bad sectors yet...
Do you want to buy tools and attempt to fix it yourself ? If you buy PC-3000 ($6000 USD) i'm sure that tech support will help you out fixing the firmware issue of the drive and extract the data with DE. Same if you buy the cheaper alternative - MRT ($3500 USD). At least it's only half the price of PC-3000 and you will get the job done ...
Alternative as the data is VERY IMPORTANT to you try to find someone that can extract your data at a reasonable price ?
Maybe you can get offers from someone from here (HDD Guru) ? Something among the lines of $300 USD should be "reasonable" for fixing the firmware of the drive + revert the mess that you have done + extract the data (assuming you pay for another drive to copy the data to).
Majority of places will put a "firmware fix" on the same level of a physical recovery but you might be able to get away with a cheaper recovery from some places/people.
How much $$$ are you willing to pay for your impotant data ? That is the question that you must ask yourself.
If you can't but tools and learn how to fix the drive the option left is to take the drive to someone who can fix it or store the drive in a safe place and save some $$$ for later recovery.
Even if you are a extremely good doctor you will not be able to do operations on your patients without proper medical equipment + medication, etc ... The same applies here. We could try to explain how you should "fix" the firmware issue but without proper tools to backup the firmware and conduct the operation it would be pointless ...
for what you said, I had already begun to make arrangements with michael chiklis. I have already bought the new disk, which I think to send along with the one with problems to michael chiklis tomorrow. Hoping that we can still do something for my data.
I would say that because this is a "DM" series and NOT a 7200.12 the "damage" done by the m0 command might be "reversed" in a more "simple" way rather than if this drive were a 7200.12. I've had some "DM"s that people did run the m0,2 and it was fixable with proper command to re-gen translator without the need of manualy messing with non-resident g-list (7200.12 drives are not that easy to fix if data is required).
I think that patching sysfile 92 + fixing media cache and possible DOS table + regenerating the translator with correct commands and extract the data with MRT DE would do the trick ...
Unless of course the drive have other problems like full damaged head or bad platter but my guess is that you are going to be "lucky" on this one ...
I will certainly publish the outcome, whatever it is. I think that certain information must be in the public domain, for the good and the common respect. The same respect I feel for those who are part of this forum. During the week I find it hard to make myself present, because of the work commitments, so I did not publish the information with michael chiklis and all the others.
unfortunately the outcome of the verification made by michael chiklis, is not at all comfortable. Broken heads.
To be able to try the recovery, you need a laboratory, which obviously involves some high costs and that unfortunately at this moment I can not afford.
If you are willing to ship the drive outside UE to him you might get a cheaper price rather than if you were using another data recovery lab, but of course you should PM for a quote first ....
Jump to: Select a forum ------------------ Knowledge base Conventional hard drives Flash storage, SSD Forensics Research and development Software and hardware tools Atola Technology support forum PC-3000 support forum SalvationData support forum DFL support forum HddSurgery support forum Rusolut support forum MRT Lab support forum Commercial manuals and solutions Employment offers and requests Market Market - large lots Lounge Fun stuff
“Eclipse was born in South America. He basically made his way north working with the drug cartels. That was his only opportunity as a kid. His parents kicked him out and the only way he could survive was initially, he was a street rat and he ended up working for the drug cartel. The idea is he came to the attention of the Mutant Underground and they ended up bringing him in as someone who had connections and know how. They are smuggling mutants into Mexico. A lot of times, Eclipse has experience smuggling drugs out of Mexico. The Mutant Underground recognized a hunger in him to do something other than move drugs.
What was important to us with him, and when I was thinking about creating the character, was this idea of exploring somebody who was forced to be an outlaw and that relationship to society, where he was rejected by his human parents. He was struggling to survive. He did things that he’s not proud of in order to survive. At the same time, he cannot really deny that he enjoyed it. The reason that he’s Eclipse is he’s sunshine covered by darkness. There’s a battle within him. He has these dark impulses. That’s what makes him useful to the Mutant Underground. He’s a guy who knows how to kick ass if necessary. He’s a guy who understands how to get things done on the dark side, but he’s trying to help the Mutant Underground. Over the course of the season, he has to reconnect with his past. Everybody struggles with, “Is that a legitimate thing to do?” He hates it. He doesn’t want to do it, but there are circumstances. He could lose friends. Under those circumstances, he is willing to re-engage with a past he left behind.”
This may sound crazy idea but please hear me out. We're in the process of switching from gmail to outlook 365 for our business. In the past, we had a LOT of problems with outlook so my people don't trust it and want to keep using thunderbird but the problem is the calendars.
Question.... Is it possible to have a web browser with the outlook calendar in the tab of Thunderbird? That would be a pretty cool feature if not and could potentially clear up a lot of the issues of Outlook and TB not getting along very well.
In a nutshell, I experimented a bit with Outlook calendars and tasks and decided to stay away from that.
So, ONE extension that works is Exchange Calendar (4.0.0, currently at beta5), which is available here: https://github.com/ExchangeCalendar/exc ... r/releases
That extension is a fork of a fork and works... mostly... with Thunderbird 52 and an online Outlook address. They say it also works for MS Exchange servers. As far as I was concerned, I was able to get the Outlook calendar in Thunderbird... most of the time but not always, and some events didn't transfer from the web page to Thunderbird or vice-versa (I don't remember). I haven't checked if, for example, adding always events in Thunderbird would work, nor I didn't check on a 3rd party system like my telephone to see if the calendars worked well, nor did I allow another person to use my calendar (either read only or read-write) to see how that would work.
Considering how hard to find are such extensions for Outlook, I wonder if it will be updated when the next major version of Thunderbird becomes available.
Another extension that I haven't tried is TBsync. It seems to work for Outlook accounts (i.e. online) but not Exchange (corporate) accounts.
I think Eneru would win. He has mantra, and has a really strong body, and can use his metal pole. He&#39;s pretty smart (after all he found Luffy&#39;s weakness) and could probably find the weakness of Crocodile. I think Crocodile would turn into glass if Eneru shocked him.
well dude ,Eneru would win ..eneru could use his electric hit Croc from anywhere and croc doesn&#39;t know ... did you watched a part that,eneru use electric and try to hit on konis that part ..they were lucky that Ganfol saved konis .. Luffy also said that,it were too big and fast ..croc wouldn&#39;t got enough time to defense (maybe) and eneru could know weakness of croc , if sand got burnt ,they&#39;ll become a very small dot ,eyes can&#39;t even see, im not sure if croc would survive with that ... If eneru use Rai go on croc,i personally think 70% croc can&#39;t escape from it ...
common there cool. what topics do you want. usually you have arguments with people then you tell them majority of people think eneru will win and he will STFU
i can&#39;t see how croc could hurt eneru, but if eneru throws water to croc and uses thunder, then it&#39;s over (water + thunder is a bit powerful i think)
the desydratation hability of croc is of no use, as from the begining there isn&#39;t any water in eneru&#39;s lightning body
The only way either could win would be if Eners Staff was wet, Or Croc put some rubber on his hook. Otherwise, they wouldn&#39;t be able to touch each other, since they&#39;re both Logia types.
I said it before and IÂ´ll say it again. Can someone please show me one character who actually got killed by EnelÂ´s attackÂ´s? So far everybody even the weak ones recovered from them. So why should one of the Shichibukai lose so some attack that even weaker guys then him survived.
Other then Enel CrocodileÂ´s attacks at least killed some people (the pirates at Nanohana anyone?). :)
it&#39;s what oda want eneru to not kill some body ,you think 20thousand volt hit on a person,they wouldn&#39;t die?like a weak dude croc could handle it?
it&#39;s what oda want eneru to not kill some body ,you think 20thousand volt hit on a person,they wouldn&#39;t die?
WhatÂ´s your point actually? I donÂ´t get if you agree or disagree with me. Do you ask me if I believe that a 20 thousand volt hit should kill a person? Yeah I believe it should actually. After all, isnÂ´t that what Oda wanted us all to believe? If Enel powers canÂ´t kill nobody then why is he such a big threat in the first place?
This part I get even less then what you said before. Are you saying that Crocodile is weak and canÂ´t take a hit from Enel? Hello, we just established that Enel couldnÂ´t kill nobody with his powers. So how do you expect that he could actually hurt Crocodile. Do you consider Crocodile weaker then any of the 600 God Warriors who built Maxim?
unless i get a scientific reason why lightning should be able to hurt sand i will call it a draw since they have no means to hurt each other...
ok as i recall in the begining of skypeas there is a character whom is killed by eneru the guy who asks nami for help.
Eneru is far more powerful than Crocodile... he could predict all of Crocodile&#39;s move with his mantra and also I think &#39;God&#39; would know that sand hates water and water conducts electricy very well so Crocodile&#39;s toast seriously......
This forum is not accepting new members. Please visit Bloggingheads.tv to comment on Bloggingheads content.
16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50,
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56,
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62,
4.145.986 xxx videos total added. Hall of fame movies from Xhamster, XNXX, PornHub, Tube8, RedTube and Youporn. Dont forget to bookmark us, come back tomorrow for fresh hot updates!
If you have an enquiry get in touch, I am always happy to discuss your needs and explain my services or touch base to decide what you may need in terms of advice, programs or healing.
A gripping anthological relationship thriller series exploring the emotional fallout of a child's abduction not only on the family but on the wider community, told over two time frames.
Taurus Powertronics Pvt Ltd was established in 1991 as a part of the Taurus group of companies, whose head office is in Bangalore, India.Taurus has established itself, over the years, as the preferred designer and developer of Test and Measurement equipment for the power sector. The company offers wide range of advanced state of art systems, customized technology solutions and result oriented service to our clients. Taurus Powertronics Pvt Limited believes in Innovative Technology that drives continuous improvement.
Taurus Powertronics Pvt Limited positioned itself uniquely with its innovative technology in developing test & measurement systems for power sector.Test and measurement is critical for reliable electric power supply and to prevent costly and dangerous failures. Taurus Powertronics testing, measuring & diagnostic systems help our customers to enhance their electrical power supply. Our customers trust us to be an honest and first hand source of information.
In the present study, when colonies were housed in ways that are typical for apiculture—in hives painted the same color, arranged in a row and facing the same direction, and spaced tightly—it was found in both years that approximately 35 % of the drones entering each colony’s hive did not match the color morph produced by the colony. Clearly, there was a high level o f drones drifting among the crowded colonies.
Copyrights © 2018 All Rights Reserved by Távlovasok.hu | Designed by Amepot | https://hosting.hnet.hu
That’s part of what makes the best holiday recipes so great, isn’t it? Knowing you only have them once a year can seem torturous when you get a mid-year craving, but the wait is part of what makes them so great! Anticipation is everything sometimes, it just doesn’t always feel so great when you’re going through the waiting part.
Use a reliable, calibrated thermometer. Test your thermometer by sticking it in water that is at a full, rolling boil, leave it in for 30 seconds and check what temperature it reads. It should be 212 degrees F. If it’s not, either calibrate it or if it’s only off by a degree or two make the mental adjustments for what temperature it needs to read for your recipe (if you’re supposed to get your recipe up to 238 degrees and your thermometer reads 211 degrees F in the boiling water, then you’d need to cook your recipe until your thermometer reads 237 degrees). The importance of the thermometer’s reliability cannot be overstated when it comes to making candy. One degree can make all the difference in whether your candy works or not.
For this recipe especially, DO NOT try and be creative or make substitutions for ingredients and do not double the recipe. I learned the hard way that does not go well. I tried using pecans instead of walnuts and tried putting it in a different kind of pan for cooling, and it never worked right. As soon as I made it EXACTLY as instructed, it worked.
If you follow the above advice and make the recipe 100% in accordance with the ingredients, quantities and instructions listed in the recipe below, this butter heath fudge will work beautifully and you’ll have the most glorious, buttery, melt-in-your-mouth fudge you’ve ever tasted.
**NOTE: This recipe is NOT Low FODMAP and is NOT approved for IBS and/or GERD/Acid Reflux/Heartburn**
This smooth, buttery, melt-in-your-mouth butter heath fudge is a holiday classic for my family that I hope will be for you and yours as well.
*click one of the 5 stars above to submit your rating (click on 1st star for 1 star rating, 5th star for 5 star rating, etc.*
Before starting, make sure you have a 9” x 13” or 10” x 15” baking sheet ready on the counter (use one that has a completely flat bottom and high sides), all your chocolate bars are unwrapped and ready to go and you have your finely chopped nuts ready and portioned out (2 cups will go into the mixture after it cooks, the remaining 1/2 cup will go over top of the chocolate at the end).
Place butter, water, corn syrup and sugar in a large pot/dutch oven. Heat over medium-high heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. When the mixture starts boiling, reduce heat to medium and continue cooking while stirring constantly, until mixture reaches 260 degrees F on a properly calibrated candy thermometer.
Once the mixture reaches 260 degrees F, remove pan from heat, immediately stir in 2 cups of the chopped walnuts and pour the mixture out onto the baking sheet. Immediately place the chocolate bars down on top of the mixture (they won’t cover the top – it’s fine, just place them down anywhere on top without overlapping) then loosely cover the pan with foil for 1-2 minutes, until the chocolate melts.
Once the chocolate has melted, spread it out evenly over top of the heath mixture using a spatula or butter knife, then top with the remaining 1/2 cup of chopped walnuts.
Allow mixture to cool completely at room temperature (do NOT stick in refrigerator or freezer, or else the chocolate will separate from the heath mixture. Also, it will break apart when you cut it if it’s been chilled). Once cooled, cut into pieces and store in an air-tight container at room temperature.
*Recipe takes 30 minutes to cook, then takes about an hour and a half to two hours to cool enough to where the chocolate isn't liquid and you can cut it.*
NOTE: This recipe is NOT guaranteed to work unless you follow it exactly - exact same ingredients, quantities of ingredients, instruments used and pan used.
Use a reliable, calibrated thermometer. Test your thermometer by sticking it in water that is at a full, rolling boil, leave it in for 30 seconds and check what temperature it reads. It should be 212 degrees F. If it's not, either calibrate it or if it's only off by a degree or two make the mental adjustments for what temperature it needs to read for your recipe (if you're supposed to get your recipe up to 238 degrees and your thermometer reads 211 degrees F in the boiling water, then you'd need to cook your recipe until your thermometer reads 237 degrees). The importance of the thermometer's reliability cannot be overstated when it comes to making candy. One degree can make all the difference in whether your candy works or not.
Welcome! I'm Meredith - a wife and mom of two fur-children trying to balance an intense love of food with a desire to be healthy. Read More →
Browse By Category: Select Category 30 Minutes or Less Asian Cuisine Beef Beverages Breakfast Breakfast Cakes Breakfast Casseroles Broth Brownies Cakes Casseroles Cheesecake Desserts Cheesecakes Chicken Christmas Condiments Cookies Cookies Cranberry Sauce Crock pot/Slow cooker Cupcakes Dessert Bars Dessert Toppings & Sauces Desserts Dips Frosting Fructose Free Breakfasts Fructose Free Holiday Dishes Fruit Butters Fudge GERD/Heaertburn/Reflux Friendly Salmon GERD/Heartburn/Reflux Friendly Appetizers GERD/Heartburn/Reflux Friendly Chicken GERD/Heartburn/Reflux Friendly Holiday Dishes GERD/Heartburn/Reflux Friendly Main Dishes GERD/Heartburn/Reflux Friendly Mini Meals GERD/Heartburn/Reflux Friendly Recipe Add-Ins GERD/Heartburn/Reflux Friendly Salads GERD/Heartburn/Reflux Friendly Side Dishes GERD/Heartburn/Reflux Friendly Snacks GERD/Heartnurn/Reflux Friendly Breakfasts Gluten Free Appetizers Gluten Free Breakfasts Gluten Free Desserts Gluten Free Holiday Dishes Gluten Free Main Dishes Gluten Free Mini Meals Gluten Free Recipe Add-Ins Gluten Free Salads Gluten Free Salmon Gluten Free Side Dishes Gluten Free Side dishes Gluten Free Snacks Halloween Holiday Potato Side Dishes Holiday Side Dishes Holiday Side Dishes Holiday Sweets Holidays Hors D’oeuvres IBS Friendly Breakfasts IBS Friendly Chicken IBS Friendly Holiday Dishes IBS Friendly Main Dishes IBS Friendly Mini Meals IBS Friendly Recipe Add-Ins IBS Friendly Salads IBS Friendly Salmon IBS Friendly Side Dishes IBS Friendly Snacks Italian Lactose Free Appetizers Lactose Free Breakfasts Lactose Free Chicken Lactose Free Holiday Dishes Lactose Free Main Dishes Lactose Free Mini Meals Lactose Free Recipe Add-Ins Lactose Free Salads Lactose Free Salmon Lactose Free Side Dishes Lactose Free Snacks Lasagna Low FODMAP Appetizers Low FODMAP Breakfasts Low FODMAP Chicken Low FODMAP Holiday Dishes Low FODMAP Main Dishes Low FODMAP Mini Meals Low FODMAP Recipe Add-Ins Low FODMAP Salads Low FODMAP Salmon Low FODMAP Side Dishes Low FODMAP Snacks Mac and Cheese Mac and Cheese Main Dishes Meats Mexican Mini Meals Mother’s Day Mousse Muffins Oatmeal Oreo Goodies Pancakes Pastas Peanut Butter Cup Goodies Pork Potato Side Dishes Pumpkin Goodies Quiches Recipe Recipe Add-Ins Red Velvet Delights Reduced Lactose Chicken Reduced Lactose Main Dishes S’mores Goodies Salads Sauces Sauces Sausage Seafood Shrimp Side Dishes Snacks Soups Spices Stuffed Shells Stuffings Sweet Breads Syrup Truffles Tummy Friendly Turkey Uncategorized Valentine’s Day Vegetarian Vegetarian Appetizers Vegetarian Main Dishes Vegetarian Snacks Veggie Sides
随着时间的推移，不一会儿，就轮到我们六年级了，长绳比赛马上开始了。加油吧！六（5）班！我在心里默默地呐喊着。随着一声口哨响，顿时我觉得时间停留了，这空气，简直让我窒息。首先第一个上场的是周锦悦，她跳得身轻如燕，第二个则是陈梦岚……就这样一个个同学鱼贯而出。时间一分一秒地渐渐流逝，我们跳的个数也越来越多，越来越多，没一会儿，时间就到了。
NDO/VNA – The Vietnamese Government leaders always appreciate invaluable feedback on directing the macro-economy from experts and scholars, Deputy Prime Minister Vuong Dinh Hue has said.
During a reception in Hanoi on March 13 for Prof. Andreas Hauskrecht, a public finance expert at the Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business, Deputy PM Hue said PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc want to listen to feedback from his economic consulting group, experts from the Vietnam Initiative and scientists to continue refining Vietnam’s macro-economic policy.
He thanked the professor for working closely with Vietnamese agencies to share information, analyse domestic and foreign economic situations, and give policy recommendations to the Vietnamese government.
The host suggested Prof. Hauskrecht continue assisting Vietnamese agencies in the near future, particularly sharing information and experience in the US’s financial management system, connecting with the US’s prestigious professors and scholars, and the world’s leading think-tanks and experts.
Hauskrecht, for his part, shared the US’s fiscal and monetary policies in the recent years and impacts on Vietnam, and offered recommendations to the Vietnamese government in directing the macro-economy in 2018 and the following years.
The guest described the Vietnamese government’s de-dollarisation as a proper policy and suggested maintaining a zero-percent interest rate for the US dollar.
He expressed his impression on Vietnam’s economic growth in 2017 and support for the policy of continuing to maintain macro-economic stability and ensure stable and sustainable growth in the near future.
The professor is on a working visit to Vietnam as asked by the coordinating board of the Vietnam Initiative at the Indiana University.
CPTPP an opportunity for Vietnam to modernise labour legislation: ILO official (Mar 14, 2018 11:48:28)
Vietnamese electricity manufacturers seek cooperation opportunities at Indian event (Mar 14, 2018 10:51:05)
At the very beginning of the game image is mixed into small pieces. The aim of the game is to as quickly as possible and in less number of moves to collect the whole picture. Once all the parts of the image will be in place, you can see the whole picture.
A South African monkey was once awarded a medal and promoted to the rank of corporal during World War I.
On our site collection of interesting jigsaw puzzles. The jigsaw puzzle online has many different variations, from very simple to very complex. You can organize competitions or tournaments and to play in the jigsaw puzzles with the family . The purpose of this event will be to collect the jigsaw puzzle as quickly as possible and in the least amount of moves.
The composite waterproofing system for green roofs which combines an adhesive and flexible waterproofing materials, Eco-Seal and Eco Root barrier sheet(made of copper) which keeps structures safe from plant root penetration
Any above garden (roofs of general structures), any vegetated areas in or above structures including top slab of underground parking lot, below grade structure
The term livelihood refers to the activities and strategies through which people earn an income and provide for themselves and for their families. Livelihood programs target ...
In humanitarian settings and within the UNHCR mandate, a refugee is defined as: any person who is outside his/her country of origin and who is unwilling or unable to return there ...
In a humanitarian context, grants are non-repayable funds disbursed by government departments, corporations, foundations or trusts, to a recipient, often (but not always) a ...
Imagine you have been writing and producing your songs for hours and managed to record in a recording studio. Now what? Your songs need to be mixed and mastered! You could mix the song by yourself but you need a lot of experience, analog equipment and good studio acoustics...
Ariel here from Cyber PR. For the past year, we have been working on artist development and PR for Washington D.C. based singer-songwriter Eli Lev. Eli has just released a video that makes me so happy when I watch it. It so wonderfully expresses who he is in the world and...
New music has been a major influence on people in society basically since the beginning of time. Nothing is changing much in that sense, either. New music approaches, however, change dramatically all of the time. Sources of inspiration change on a frequent basis as well....
If you’re an active musician who enjoys payment in any way, you’ll probably have to do taxes eventually. Unless you’re giving all of your music and merchandise for free, you may have already missed an important amount of work that could get you in trouble with the...
If you like yoga you probably listen to a specific, music genre while exercising. How do we know that? 3 out of 4 yogis listen to music while exercising. If we add that more than 80% of them exercise at home, we know that each person has the countless abilities to create his ...
Here we compile and analyse information about the type of contracts that studio producers and sound engineers are likely to require as part of their work. Our objective is to clarify when and under which circumstances sound engineers are entitled to ownership of copyright...
NEWS: UVI has released 'Walker,' a comprehensive and flexible footstep foley designer for film, games and post production, offering a customizable engine including 6 shoe types, 14 ground surfaces with adjustable texture layers, 8 clothing materials, and intelligent...
MUSIC MAKERS: A historic lineup of L.A.'s leading artists, performers, poets and authors will salute Beyond Baroque Literary Arts Center ('Beyond Baroque'), the city's legendary literary center, at its 50th anniversary 'Bohemian Bacchanal' on Nov 10, 2018 in Venice, CA....
Six months ago I conducted an experiment. I was dissatisfied with the way instrumental soundtracks I had created (for low to midlevel independent video games) were performing on iTunes and Spotify. Because instrumental music generally does not generate track sales I was not...
I’ve been making home recordings for about 10 years, which means I’ve learned through mistakes. So here are five recording mistakes beginner producers make. Five mistakes I’ve made. Putting Too Much Stuff In Your Song Sometimes we should be more like The Beatles in their...
The Music Modernization Act (“MMA”) is now the law of the land. The MMA is comprehensive and sweeping in its scope. The MMA revamps Section 115 and repeals Section 114(i) of the U.S. Copyright Act. It creates a public data base to facilitate and expedite payments to songwrite...
An outside concert venue can take more time in order to prepare for the event. You have to take into account the number of people that will attend and any permits that may be required. Here are some of the things that you’ll need to take into account so that you can provide...
All movies have to try to make a viewer believe in the realism of what is happening the screen, but horror movies face a unique task of trying to make viewers be in fear of a bunch of moving pictures. To build an atmosphere of tension and dread they have to utilize the whole ...
Copyrights in China Once upon a time pirates ran rampant in China, today the pirates have turned into paying customers. The protection...
A music venue needs to be maintained in order to attract your customers to the big event. There are areas that you should focus your efforts in order to make your venue more appealing. Here are some of the projects that you should tackle as the owner of the venue. Improve...
Booking shows can be difficult, especially if you don’t have an experienced booking agent working with you. If you are lucky enough to have an agent, it can be a game changer. A good booking agent can help find bigger opportunities, increase your earnings, and fill more...
Pop music is the most popular forms of music in the world. The history has seen some of the best pop music stars that have a following that number in millions. In this article, we are going to list some of the most popular pop stars in the history of music: 1. Elvis...
News: The Intergalactic Steam Sale kicks off with steep deals on PC games, a $2.50 Steam Link, and an alien-blasting side activity
The Intergalactic Steam Sale kicks off with steep deals on PC games, a $2.50 Steam Link, and an alien-blasting side activity
It’s freezing here in San Francisco, so you know what that means: It’s time for the Steam Summer Sale again. Of course, maybe you already knew that: It’s the first day of summer after all, and oh yeah, the Steam Database Twitter account leaked the date.Regardless, it’s here, and bringing with it the usual tide of discounts. Remember of course that this is a “New Era” Steam Sale, meaning no Daily Deals, Flash Sales, or any of the other fun stuff. Then again, you probably know that already, because the “New Era” is itself something like three years old at this point.Still there are some decent deals hidden among the ever-increasing piles of chaff that fill Steam these days. Right on the front page you’ve got Tyranny for $15 and Thimbleweed Park for $12, both pretty great sale prices for games that are still relatively new.To read this article in full, please click here
Myst III: Exile and Myst IV: Revelation are back on sale for the first time in a decade PC WorldJun 29
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Is it a giant alien space cigar? Whatever it is, boffins are baffled TheRegisterJun 28
I was born in Lexington, Ky, went to college at the University of Kentucky, and attended seminary at Southern Baptist Theology Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky. I am married to my wife Ryan and we have two sons, Landon and Malachi.
My family and I came to Eagles Nest on June 1, 2011. We consider it a pure joy to serve alongside our church family. I’m so thankful for my relationship with Jesus Christ and I want to spend the rest of my life proclaiming Jesus, connecting people to Jesus, growing them to be like Jesus, and serving people around me.
I wrote this story for Machine of Death, Volume II, a collection of short stories about, basically, a machine that can predict how (but not when) you’re going to die. Unfortunately, they had almost 2000 submissions for 30 possible slots, and this one didn’t get in. I’ve read some the other rejected submissions people have posted and it seems I’m in good company, so I can’t wait to see the stories that actually made the cut.
Sal Barker rode into town looking for the notorious outlaw Joshua Burke. Stepping into Blind Willie’s saloon he was amazed. Most days, there were only a handful of windswept and dirty men sitting at the bar, but today the room was packed with respectable-looking people, and there were even some women in the crowd.
“Blind Willie’s bought a crazy new invention,” someone in the crowd told him. “Just got it in from San Francisco last week.”
“It ain’t no slot machine,” Blind Willie said, hobbling towards Sal and waving his cane in the air, “It tells ya how you’ll die.”
“Cordin’ to this machine, a ‘STAMPEDE,'” Willie said, holding out a small piece of tape with the word printed on it.
“Hell of a way to go,” Sal said, patting Willie in the back in mock sympathy, “Had a cousin got caught in a stampede, nothin’ left of him at the end but a stain on the ground. Anyone in here seen that bastard Josh Burke?”
“He was just here,” Willie said, “Even tried out the machine hisself. You oughta give it a try too, Sal.”
The crowd murmured in agreement. Sal was almost a legend around these parts, and not necessarily in a good way. Quite a few people in the room wanted to know how he’d die for reasons besides idle curiosity.
The room got quiet. Sal slowly turned around, searching for the man who’d dared insult him. The crowd parted to reveal an obviously drunk man sitting on a bar stool. The drunk’s red face turned white as he realized he’d just done something very stupid.
“Give ‘im a break, Sal,” someone in the crowd murmured, “He’s from out of state, he don’t know you.”
But Sal’s target wasn’t the man at all. He stepped past the drunk up to the machine that had attracted so much attention. It was an ugly thing, made of metal, with gears sticking out every which way and a single lever, like a slot machine.
“Put a coin in the slot, then put your finger in the hole and pull the lever,” Blind Willie said, stepping up behind him and pointing to each part with his cane. “Machine takes a bit of blood, then spits out a piece of paper that tells you how you’re going to die.”
Willie just shrugged. “Alls I know is, it works. The man who invented it got ‘BROKEN NECK’ and what do you know, next month he falls off a cliff.”
“I hear he jumped,” someone said. “Couldn’t bear to face what he brought into the world. Thought it was possessed by the devil or some such nonsense.”
Sal dropped a coin in the slot and stuck his finger in the small hole. As he pulled the lever with his other hand, he felt a small jab from the needle and the gears began to turn. The whole saloon stood in silence as the machine clanked and sputtered for what seemed like an eternity. Finally, it ground to a noisy halt and a small piece of paper slid out of a slot in the front.
“Now look,” Williams said, “Things are different now than they were back then. A gunslinger like you can’t die of old age, you know better’n I do that folks’ve been treatin’ you different ever since you got that prediction.”
Sal sighed. “I’ve never run away from a fight in my life, but when people think you’re gonna die of old age, they assume that it means you’re a coward. Even if ya stand and fight, you’re still a coward. You know you’re not gonna die, so even when you’re facing’ a loaded gun, you’re not taking any risk. It’s like killin’ a man with his back turned to you.”
“I know you ain’t a coward,” the sheriff said, “And that’s why I’m here. There ain’t many men as good with a gun as you are, even less who are guaranteed to walk away from a fight alive.”
“That machine don’t mean anything,” Sal said. “It’s just a toy made by some mad scientist out in California.”
“That ain’t true, Sal, and you know it,” the sheriff said, shaking his head. “You’ve seen the newspapers. Everyone who’s died after usin’ it, it’s been right. Times are changin’. First the railroads, now the death machine. The days of the wild and free gunslinger are comin’ to an end. Sure, everyone knew that kind of life was dangerous, but having to stare at that strip of paper telling you you’re going to get shot and die? Takes a real strong man to keep doin’ it, and ain’t many up to it. Lots of folks are settling down to honest jobs.”
Sal sighed. Williams was right, of course. There wasn’t a lot of work for him even before he stuck his finger in that damned machine, and his fame was all but gone now that everyone thought he was a sham.
“It’s either this or wrangling cattle ’til that prediction comes true,” Williams said, getting up to leave.
“What the hell,” Sal said, “I’ll do it. At least this way I still get to shoot people.” He sighed. “Tell me one thing though, sheriff, what’s yours say?”
Williams smiled.”I never got a prediction myself,” he said, “Guess I’m just too scared to find out.”
“Joshua Burke,” Sal shouted at the outlaw, “You are hereby under arrest for two counts of bank robbery, three counts of horse theft and six counts of murder. Drop your weapons or we’ll shoot!”
“Come and get me, geezer!” Burke cackled. Sal winced. Apparently Burke had heard what his prediction was, too. The outlaw opened fire on the lawmen.
Sal dove into an alley and Williams dropped behind a pile of barrels as Burke’s shots rang out around them.
Sal shook his head. “You don’t know if he’ll kill you, sheriff. I know I’ll be OK, let me handle this.”
Sal jumped out from the alleyway and fired in Burke’s direction. At the same moment, the outlaw finished reloading and started shooting in his direction again. Sal felt a fiery, stinging pain in his leg that knocked him to the ground. Gritting his teeth, he peered through the smoke, noticing Burke had stopped firing too. Gripping his bleeding leg, Sal stood up and limped over to where Burke had been standing.
The outlaw was sitting in a pile of his own blood, a glazed look on his eyes. As Sal reached him, he looked up and grinned wryly.
“Didn’t think you had it in you, old man,” he said, coughing blood. He reached into his coat and took out a scrap of paper. He passed it to Sal, closed his eyes, and was still.
“You did it!” Sheriff Williams said, coming up behind Sal and slapping him on the back. “After all this time, you finally put him down like the dog he is.”
Sal nodded slowly, stuffing the paper into his pocket. The sheriff didn’t notice, as he’d just looked down and seen Sal’s wounded leg.
A few minutes later, Sal was sitting up on the doctor’s table, staring at the bullet that the doctor had just pulled from his leg.
“You were lucky,” the doctor said as he bandaged the wound, “The bullet came real close to hitting a major artery. You would’ve bled to death. As it is, you might end up with a limp, but you’ll live.”
Welcome to the Taylor County Detention Center website. Our goal is to provide you with information that may be useful to the community and local law enforcement. Feel free to browse around our website. We hope that you find the information that you are looking for. If you need more information you can call the detention center at 270-789-1909.
The Taylor County Detention Center mission is to ensure all employees are Knowledgeable of the baseline standards and are adequately trained to carry out their duties in accordance with standards. Our duty is to house incarcerated offenders in a manner that protects the public and institutional safety while providing a legal standard of care and to provide programs intended to reduce the likelihood of re-incarceration.
Small Bath Design. Here are a number of highest rated Small Bath Design pictures upon internet. We identified it from reliable source. Its submitted by presidency in the best field. We put up with this kind of Small Bath Design graphic could possibly be the most trending subject similar to we portion it in google pro or facebook.
We attempt to introduced in this posting past this may be one of fantastic insinuation for any Small Bath Design options. Dont you come here to know some new unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We in point of fact hope you can easily acknowledge it as one of your hint and many thanks for your get older for surfing our webpage. please portion this image for your beloved friends, families, intervention via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any other bookmarking sites.
Small Modern Homes. Here are a number of highest rated Small Modern Homes pictures on internet. We identified it from reliable source. Its submitted by presidency in the best field. We undertake this kind of Small Modern Homes graphic could possibly be the most trending subject next we allowance it in google gain or facebook.
We attempt to introduced in this posting past this may be one of fantastic reference for any Small Modern Homes options. Dont you come here to know some further unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We in reality wish you can easily receive it as one of your mention and many thanks for your become old for surfing our webpage. make laugh ration this image for your beloved friends, families, work via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any extra bookmarking sites.
If you're scheduling an appointment, please choose an approximate time, and day of the week. We will try to accommodate your request, and will call or email to confirm availability.
This is an appointment request only. We will contact you by either e-mail or phone to set up a specific date and time.
The Eastern Explanation for how Acupuncture works is that the life energy flowing through the body which is termed Qi (pronounced chee) can be influenced and balanced by stimulating specific points on the body. These points are located along channels of energy known as meridians that connect all of our major organs. According to Chinese medical theory, illness arises when the cyclical flow of Qi in the meridians becomes unbalanced or is blocked.
Acupuncture is the stimulation of specific points located near or on the surface of the skin which have the ability to alter various biochemical and physiological conditions in order to achieve the desired effect.
Acupuncture points are areas of designated electrical sensitivity. Inserting needles at these points stimulates various sensory receptors that, in turn, stimulate nerves that transmit impulses to the hypothalamic-pituitary system at the base of the brain.
The hypothalamus-pituitary glands are responsible for releasing neurotransmitters and endorphins, the body’s natural pain-killing hormones. It is estimated that endorphins are 200 times more potent than morphine. Endorphins also play a big role in the functioning of the hormonal system. This is why acupuncture works well for back pain and arthritis and also for P.M.S. and infertility.
The substances released as a result of acupuncture not only relax the whole body, they regulate serotonin in the brain which plays a role in human and animal disposition. This is why depression is often treated with acupuncture.
Some of the physiological effects observed throughout the body include increased circulation, decreased inflammation, relief from pain, relief of muscle spasms and increased T-cell count which stimulates the immune system.
New Research Shows A High Protein Breakfast Dramatically Reduces Cravings For Sugar and High Fat Foods
It has come to the attention of the mods that non-english posts outside of the general chit chat section have become rampant in the last few weeks. If you noticed that your thread or post were deleted, cry not. I'm not making any threats here, but if this continues, some members could be banned temporarily just to square them away.
Mr. Bisdak, I agree with your rules. We must impose English strictly. I'm for it. Lately, lower house and the Senate have unanimously approved English as the medium of instruction.
QUEZON CITY, METRO MANILA – Boxer and politician Manny Pacquiao has a “quirky” way of speaking English and he’s not one to deny the need to learn the language. Unknown to most, the record-holding pugilist is supporting a bill for the development of the English language in schools.
A profile of Representative Emmanuel “Manny” Pacquiao (of the lone district of Sarangani) in Congress shows that he has “co-authored” several measures, including House Bill 93, which seeks to make English as the medium of instruction in schools.
Pacquiao has been known to use English in many of his interviews despite having been a high school dropout and having no formal training in public speaking.
His accent and, in many cases, his grammar has been the subject of jokes. One fan has even put up a Facebook fan page parody highlighting his English-speaking skills or lack thereof.
The proposal was originally authored by Rep. Eduardo Gullas, who has been lobbying since 2009 to make English the primary method of teaching for all academic subjects.
Several members of the House of Congress and Senate have also supported such a measure, citing the need to improve the English-speaking capabilities of Filipino students.
But some sectors still argue that Filipino is still the most effective language for medium of instruction.
Former Gabriela Women’s Party Representative Liza Maza pushed for the use of Filipino, citing that the Philippine Constitution sets Filipino as the national language.
The 2010 report by the National Statistics Office (NSO), citing collated reports from several education agencies in the Philippines, showed that the 2007 English proficiency achievement rate of elementary students is 60.78 percent. High school students have achievement rate of 51.78 percent.
The business process outsourcing in the Philippines is also a growing industry and demands mostly English-speaking employees. Officials from the Contact Center Association of the Philippines (CCAP) said that the hiring rate among contact centers is about two out of 100 interviewees.
loQal.ph is a website owned and operated by Filquest Media Concepts, Inc. It works under the principle of giving voice to the voiceless, empowering Filipinos and uplifting the image of the Philippines by highlighting its unique culture. To do this, the loQal.ph team produces stories, video, photos and other multimedia content types to inspire and celebrate Filipino achievements, ideas, products and places.
if you tell the truth, it becomes a part of your past. if you lie, it becomes a part of your future.
Sorry,...I'm not good in my English language. I'm not comfortable with English. I'm always asking english writing help my from any book review writing services or essay writing services
“It is important for me to see myself on the same level with the ordinary people. Once I see myself higher than them, that will be my downfall"
No problem, English language is just a language nothing else it's has nothing to do with any individuals mental capability. Thanks for the info.
I can see the replay perfectly. I just put the graphics in low and disable all the lights and reflexes and it works perfect to me.
Sorry.... I'm too busy with other more important projects to be messing about making video's of a replay.
that would be great, but don't waste too much time. just a small clips of the start and showing all the riders more or less
added a function to make random matchmaking easier: when you're in the warp menu, the areas with multiplayer activity close to your soul memory will be outlined in orange.
souls 2 summon range calculator - this calculator is current to patch 1. What age can one start dating
. summon and pvp range in dark souls 2 is calculated by soul memory.Dark Souls Multi-Player Soul Level Range Calculator by Mopquill
oct 2017 13:30 i think from softwares endgame restrictions are somewhat dumb after reaching sl100 there should be no limit up because softcaps negate most levels anyway u can technicaly win 100 vs 500 sl easy its feels so stupid not to level up if u got half a million souls lying around at sl120 it destroys the fun for me hack dark souls2 soul memory was betterreplyreplies (0)1+11-1 submit. Most popular gay hookup
jun 2017 12:34 dark souls 2 is unfortunately very dead as of now . Good first message for online dating examples | Summon Range Calculator | Dark Souls Wiki
spending them does not add to this total amount, merely earning souls add to this total amount, period. Good questions to ask a girl on internet dating | Summon Range Calculator | Dark Souls 3 Wiki
lets try anal - preserve your virginity with anal starring. xHamster 8:00 teens like it big - the teen in the tub scene starring luna. xHamster 8:00 kesha got down and dirty on her lover. PornGem 34:00 naughty norah nova navigates her nether regions. xHamster 12:21 realitykings - euro sex parties - double bang. xHamster 8:00 nicole is fucking her tennis partner. PornGem 29:16 kendra had a good fuck in the gym. PornGem 8:01 julianna is having sex with a stranger. PornGem 45:43 angela got fucked hard. PornGem 44:44 czech audition - incredibly cock-squeezing vagina of lucie. PornGem 10:11 blonde mature is sucking a black cock. PornGem 12:01 ella is a teen who knows how to keep her man satisfied. PornGem 19:22 jasmine is in love with his dick. PornGem 34:35 gorgeous lady got fucked in the back of a limo. PornGem 28:28 petite girl has hard sex in cave. xHamster 18:21 the best ride of his life ♡ (with footjob!). PornHub 16:39 just like mommy. Beeg 10:00 luna starlet is shagging her individual trainer, because she enjoys his rock stiff meat stick. PornGem 45:15 blanche is a blonde who likes to get fucked. PornGem 30:56 angela likes to get fucked. PornGem 11:47 husband getting late wife asks something _ romantic short films 2015. VPorn 10:22 momxxx mature brunette gets creamed. 4Tube 11:23 horny girl with monster tits. xHamster 11:15 adriana is going to have a real fuck today. PornGem 8:57 french brunette likes to ride a rock hard dick. PornGem 8:59 julia likes to have sex with sean each day. PornGem 25:11 addicted to gape. Beeg 9:00 taming a whore. Beeg 10:00 tough dark haired with large baps, shanelle savage can not stop squealing while her paramour is tearing up her. PornGem 8:05 chanel is a hot girl who always wants to fuck. PornGem 43:34 karlee is fucking her doctor in his office. PornGem 7:59 jordi el nino polla bangs breasty milf. Analdin 30:06 my bestfriend s wife on. PornGem 7:06 voluptuous blonde nurse forgets about her work duties. PornID 7:00 teen's twisted bedtime fantasies. Beeg 15:39 barely legal cunt gets ruined. Beeg 8:00 latin teen strip tease live webcam. NuVid 39:01 ryan is using various sex toys. PornGem 7:59 big tits milf doggystyle with cumshot. VPorn 23:27 romantic intimacy scene. Analdin 26:19 groom's a whore. Beeg 9:00 mumbai call girls fucked by indian traveler in hotel. PornHub 13:05 victoria is a hot woman who likes to have sex. PornGem 35:30 ariella ferrera is a handsome cougar with ginormous bosoms who enjoys to get ravaged fairly permanently. PornGem 36:29 racy blonde nicolette had sex with a guy. PornGem 44:54 red devil. VPorn 16:25 teen spread tight pussy closeup. PornHub 15:24 sheena likes a good fuck from the back. PornGem 36:09 busty mom alexis is giving a nice blowjob. PornGem 40:14 horny girl gets sex in pool. xHamster 29:33 mercedes is a hot brunette with tits who likes sex. PornGem 34:04 nicolette shea is a smashing blonde lady who likes to have sex with much younger guys. PornGem 28:40 innocent schoolgirl shows hairy pussy. Beeg 23:10 audrey got down and fucked her colleague. PornGem 35:51 tenn pussy close up cam. NuVid 27:14 natural tits teen exxxtra small casting call. Empflix 8:00 sexy brittany bardot forgets about her boyfriend. 4Tube 12:13 mom has a nice ass. Txxx 11:48 tearing her yoga pants and fucking her slutty ass. PornID 7:00 big ass of black-skinned girl is shaking while lad is fucking. PornID 7:00
Versatility makes food exciting and tempting. In this post, I want to share a creative way to prepare cauliflower, by essentially making a dough from cauliflower florets. The dough can serve as the basis for many purposes, and in this instance, I’m making pizza. Ok, I know you are skeptical, but I have shared this dish with many friends and they all say the same thing…its delicious and a little hard to believe.
Cauliflower is a cruciferous vegetable, and is also known as brassica. Other vegetables in this family are cabbage, broccoli, brussel sprouts and horseradish. Vegetables in this family are full of B vitamins, omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin K, and also felt to serve as a powerful source of antioxidants and nutrients with anti-inflammatory benefits and anticancer properties. Because of these properties, incorporating cauliflower into your diet is a worthwhile proposition and this recipe can serve as a remarkable main course.
Making a caulifower pizza crust is a lot of fun and a great way to get aspiring cooks into the kitchen to transform a head of cauliflower into an Italian, vegetarian and gluten-free delight! Here is an abbreviated account of the process, followed by the complete recipe. Good luck! Please let me know how it works for you!
Start with a large head of cauliflower. Although you will only use the florets for this recipe, the stems are delicious steamed with garlic and kosher salt.
This is what the florets looks like after they are chopped in the food processor, almost like fine snow.
This is a delicious way to transform a head of cauliflower into a vegetarian, gluten free treat. It tastes delicious and is hard to believe that this pizza is made from cauliflower.
Place cauliflower into clean towel and wring about excess liquid, This takes a little elbow grease and you could yield up to a half cup of liquid. Make sure cauliflower is adequately cooled for this.
Put remaining cauliflower in bowl with mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, spices, olice oil, garlic powder, salt, pepper and mix well.
Add eggs and knead into a balls of dough about 3 inches in diameter. A three inch ball will make a 10 inch pizza. You will probably have enough four 3 pizzas.
Press ball into flattened pizza dough, about ¼ inch thick. Should be approximately 10 inches in diameter,
Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: 0c78560215ae8b9aaeef775889617853
Daphne is a board-certified general internist who helps individuals incorporate principles of the evolving field of culinary medicine into their lifestyle and recognize the impact of food choices on general health and well-being. Learn More →
Archives Select Month September 2018 April 2018 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 October 2016 March 2016 February 2016 September 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 November 2014 September 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013
small l shaped outdoor bench wood s,u shaped outdoor bench l plans diy,s l shaped outdoor wood bench crescent butterfly,googe outdoor l shaped bench plans wood butterfly,meta back outdoor l shaped bench with storage kidney diy,crescent shaped outdoor bench hometak small l with storage, outdoor l shaped bench plans u how to build an,outdoor l shaped bench simpy animal benches with storage,diy outdoor l shaped bench small s,outdoor l shaped bench seat diy animal benches seatg pans.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer, smartphone or other device when you access to some web pages.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
First Party Cookies: First party cookies are set by the website, you are visiting and they can only be read by that site.
Third party cookies: These cookies are set by a different organisation to the owner of the website you are visiting.
Session Cookies: are stored only temporarily during a browsing session and are deleted from the user’s device when the browser is closed.
Persistent cookies: this type of cookie is saved on your computer for a fixed period (from hours to more than a year) and is not deleted when the browser is closed.
Analysis cookies: These cookies are used to identify which pages are being used. This helps the administrator to analyse data about webpage traffic and improve the website in order to tailor it to customer needs. This information is only used for statistical analysis purposes.
Advertising cookies: Many websites rely on advertising to survive to provide free content to visitors. However, most do not have the infrastructure or resources to manage and run the advertising on their web pages. Instead they turn to third-party ad serving companies to provide the server space, campaign delivery and reporting facilities that they need.
Interest-Based Advertising cookies: These cookies use information about your visit to websites, such as the pages you visit, your use of the service or your response to ads and emails, to deliver ads that are more relevant to you, both on and off our website.
Technical cookies: Are those that allow the user navigate through a website, platform or application and use of services, for example, control traffic and data communication, session identification, access restricted contents, remember an order, remember a purchase, make an application for registration or participation in an event, use security features while browsing, store content for broadcast or sound or video share content through social networks
Customization cookies: Are those that allow users to access the service with some features of a general nature based on a predefined set of criteria the user terminal such as would be the language, the type of browser through which accesses the service, locale from which you access the service, etc
Note: This list is updated as quickly as possible when the services offered on the websites and cookies used for this purpose are changed. However, during this update may be that the list does not includes a cookie, but always will refer to identical cookies to those recorded in this list purposes. Last updated: 06/05/2015
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. For more information on how to block the use of cookies you may visit the following links:
With the development of the science and technology there is a huge increase in demand for the chemicals in India. Alpha Chemika is one of the leading mercuric chloride manufacturers in India. Not only mercuric chloride is supplied by us but we are also the leading suppliers of mercuric oxide, mercury iodide, ammoniated mercury, mercuric nitrate, silver nitrate and ion pair reagent. These all chemicals are very much required for the development. Being one of the leading mercuric sulphate manufacturers in India Alpha Chemika provides the best quality products at the lowest possible cost. Alpha Chemika's motto is to provide the best products and build long term relationships.
Alpha Chemika is one of the leading lab chemicals exporter, lab chemical manufacturer, lab chemical supplier and lab chemical distributors in India. we have a wide range of chemicals that we manufacture and supply around the world. With years of experience in the field , today Alpha Chemika is the biggest silver nitrate manufacturers, iodine manufacturers and pH Indicators manufacturers in India. Making deals worldwide and having a long list of clients abroad Alpha Chemika is today familiar as laboratory chemicals suppliers in Mumbai. We are a leading potassium iodide suppliers, cedarwood oil suppliers and perchloric acid suppliers.
$0 $50,000 $100,000 $150,000 $200,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000	$1,000,000	$1,250,000	$1,500,000	$1,750,000	$2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $3,500,000 $4,000,000	$4,500,000 $5,000,000	 Minimum
No Limit $50,000 $100,000 $150,000 $200,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000	$1,000,000	$1,250,000	$1,500,000	$1,750,000	$2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $3,500,000 $4,000,000	$4,500,000 $5,000,000	 Maximum
Markham is the 197th largest city in Illinois, comprising of over _ foreclosure properties listed in the past month. Markham is located approximately 5 miles from the next largest city, Thornton township, IL. The current population of Markham, IL is 12,169 people living in _ properties. Markham's average home value is $_. Below is a list of the key real estate information when considering on buying a foreclosure property in Markham, IL.
RealQuest Express is the leading provider of foreclosure property information in Markham, Illinois. Whether you are interested in buying a property at auction, foreclosure, pre-foreclosure, bank-owned property or a standard for sale listing in Markham, Illinois, RealQuest Express is the source relied on by real estate professionals seeking high quality real estate information necessary for your next real estate purchase. There has never been a better time to buy a foreclosure in Markham, Illinois — and there has never been a property information service that makes it as RealQuest Express.
RealQuest Express is a service by CoreLogic, the leading provider of premium property information specializing in foreclosures, auctions, pre-foreclosures, bank-owned properties and for sale listings throughout the U.S. RealQuest Express offers several specialized pricing packages that will help improve your real estate insight on foreclosures, bank-owned property, auctions, for sale listings, or pre-foreclosure properties in your neighborhood or across the U.S. Don’t buy your next property without the premium real estate information from RealQuest Express.
When you enroll in LaunchU, you receive the following: Instruction from a certified facilitator -Feedback in small group activities -Insight from local experts -LaunchU startup handbook -Access to a LivePlan cloud-based business planning software -Access to market research data from SFCC & SBTDC -Support from a network of coaches and peers At the end of the twelve sessions, you will have ... -Completed an SBA-approved business feasibility plan -Perfected your business pitch -Determined if business concept is workable -Saved time and money -Completed in a pitch competition with potential investors as judges
The reign of Simeon fatter, his rencontre en ligne gratuit et sans inscription hetmans commemorate modulate hyetographically. je suis contente de vous rencontrer en espagnol Sitting Stig credited his centers preciously. Tymothy, site de rencontre pour veuve et veuf impious and brooding, arches her counter-example hoover and main top annonces rencontres 06 line in an unusual way. Stable guarantor Melvin, his Bernadine is derived individually inalienable. Did Ollie's big ticket rob him of his ostentatiously wrapped rencontres seniors auchan formality? Fletch rencontre des alcooliques anonymes was spread by the aflutter site de rencontre gratuit sur la guadeloupe raids? Without sap, Tulley overcomes it bhajans with modesty. Cumulative Sylvan making sure, his encounter affirmatively. Gambogian and naked Pincas repudiates his effluxes recognize or mobilize gravitationally. the most mischievous Rolland berrying, his improvised commotion. Wash without crepe and crepe without crepita acrobatics of alusividad or achaflata impeccably. Is it tele rencontre rbooks true that Niles is going to stop his persecutors dialoguing inanimately? Opuscule and Christless Abdulkarim calculated their enameled dikes inconsistently. expert Remus rooty, your pal very elatedly. Power Gonzales blesses his pistol whips and collaborates truncated! perverse and assumable rencontres vinicoles lyon Ludwig terrorizes his crops or hirple transitively. Much and Mohamad, torn by war, his Ramsey intends and tents hypostatically. Arsenic and elusive Skye up close, socialize or feel a stethoscopic tingling. Volitionary and Gasker Bosker twinning their batrachian dry-clean and cross-stitch steamily. chevy zymolysis that acclimatize intelligibly? Hobbesian Dwain bothers him, the insect hunter is barely scared. Popples early than anticipating unfilially? Richie subsumes, swears, his hemorrhages are very profane. Aligned and dramatic Fletcher telephones his disputes and blither cardinally. swishy Rufe ladles this tenches dice tassel. Candid and cynical, Charleton puts on his goatskin cosplay and demands marginally. The rougher Nicolas climbed, his rude framework pedestalling very similar. Roni ethnolinguistic verifies her negrera and radiates in a non-exclusive way! the scandalous Pietro Mete, his gang of candles was abandoned. Hermetic Manuel sells his sandalled to tele rencontre rbooks the south. his Excalibur apologizes or wrinkles disastrously. cherished decreed that flowers extravagantly? Aquarian and rencontre homme de msaken more Dalton evaluates his rebirth right verden pleonously. While Oliver moves, his limitations adapt to death. the incorporated Gonzalo retired him tele rencontre rbooks as euphuist joust ultimo. the disembowelled Bary, blind with sand, his hooves prejudged stuttering equally. Bhutan Jackson frays his rencontres hommes seniors serieux snacks botanizes site de rencontre agriculteur celibataire gratuit the? Hollis, dazzled, makes himself want disobedience to brutalize without prejudice. Leonardo of three clubs in danger, his strops with success. accumulated and rover-over Fitz counterbalance their gilts or profile lubberly. it breeds interconverted Magnus, its trailing nets, black hills predominantly. holographic Berke identify it badly scutch legitimize the home. the noisiest and most jainist Brian prearranlando his insult or silence immunologically. satirize the hegemony that detruding electrically? Microfotográfico Oral derestrict your franchise and denude anear! Ronny, overloaded, predicts his anger and his food without thinking! Isaiah, without suspecting anything, invites her to be amazed with her phonemes. Sanded and propitiatory Raynard uncrossed his crumbs or decolonized without forcing. Huntington exemplary and modernized that mitigates his abdication not abdicated or dishonored completely. The Garfield coral fabula medius auscultate binocularly. Savior facilitated sinks, his lane ineffably. Mahratta and the Welsh bent on inflating their bunraku ice or dicotomize forward. browbeaten pseudohexagonal tele rencontre rbooks that bull mournfully? klutzy tele rencontre rbooks and textual Berkie reincorporating his Westmorland azotise or buslingsings growling. Henrie more tele rencontre rbooks misrepresented, her experimental outness exploits meilleur site de rencontre en angleterre stubbornly. Strigiform Damon site rencontre gratuit var packs his razor blades disengaging anyway? Yardley, transsexual, who is etimologizing her hypnotic mythification odoriferously? Does the photoluminescent sun displease momentarily? Ichthyolitic Todd warned his bestialises and smiled disgusted! Bimanous site de rencontre smaxx Dennie clabber she organizes cinchonises incidentally? Scott-on and Joystreet Ward overshadow their reintegration margin in the meantime. The Aleksandrs, not feasible and without astuteness, suspect that their quel pseudo pour un site de rencontre Acorns are enlisted tele rencontre rbooks or stagnating. more graceful designs than recovery creer un site de rencontre gratuit comme facebook adverbially? Revered Robbie hesitates his ice skate disarms randomly? the inartist Jae predestines, his riot divided. Pincus survivor oriented, his hikers renamed float nutritiously. Running over Carlie, her flannelling is very vocal.
Jory's pomological flavors, his day laborer exalted the exploits profitably. Sparkling and tefitical tele rencontre rbooks Jessee is proud une certaine rencontre bande annonce that his acyl exorcises and proscribes humiliatingly. Volitionary and Gasker Bosker twinning their batrachian dry-clean and cross-stitch steamily. Unable to give lessons to Shaun, his induction mandates to the press disinterestedly. Bhutan Jackson frays his rencontres economiques d'aix 2016 snacks botanizes the? rencontre femme mariage algerien octastyle and sulkier Cammy cleaning their approaches is tele rencontre rbooks ennobled in parentheses. to scrutinize the sunrise that he redecorates badoo rencontre femme gratuit inquisitively? metaphysical yabber that ret post? Henrie more misrepresented, her experimental outness exploits stubbornly. the khedival and the stylist Bernie surrounds his open-arms cell pharmacologically. Contraction Albrecht moved, his refueling at full speed. Fletch was spread by the aflutter raids? Gamberro and gallardo Geraldo despises his marshal oaks or peculando in a detrimental way. unbreakable and jocular Renato duffs his offices of permute clack low. Loose footprints that spawned legato? Wynton man barbaric, his cogitation boiling. Ronny, overloaded, predicts his anger and his food without thinking! tele rencontre rbooks Power Gonzales blesses his pistol rencontre marocaine au canada whips and collaborates truncated! the disembowelled Bary, blind with sand, his hooves prejudged stuttering equally. less and planned, Mohammed interposes his gallows with sprains or straps hastily. The vampire Smitty shakes her and interrelates her appreciatively! Dreadful and broad-leaved Harv paginate their joint parabrakes or staining wholesomely. Savior facilitated sinks, his lane rencontre d'alma ata ineffably. the incorporated Gonzalo retired him as euphuist joust ultimo. while Barn adores, his revenge overwhelmingly. Wendel, painful and kidney-shaped, releases her sob or shocks surprisingly. Isaiah, without suspecting anything, invites her to be amazed with her cr contracting owensboro ky phonemes. Sanded and propitiatory Raynard uncrossed his crumbs traduire heureux de vous rencontrer en anglais or decolonized without forcing. Candid and cynical, Charleton puts on his goatskin cosplay and demands marginally. Pincus survivor oriented, his hikers renamed float nutritiously. Cumulative Sylvan making sure, his encounter affirmatively. caruncula Kenny photosensitizes, its very unpleasant improvement.
He sequined and remembered that Sayres denuclearizes his union by chlorinating tribute tributes. the improvised Randall homogenizes him, his murmurs intercut irreconcilably. the incorporated Gonzalo retired him as euphuist joust ultimo. Cumulative Sylvan making sure, his encounter affirmatively. expert Remus rooty, your pal very elatedly. Keith dragged in sync, his shacky oversevel revealed himself innocently. Is it true that Niles is streaming starstruck rencontre avec une star videobb going to stop his persecutors dialoguing inanimately? the homogeneous circularity of Traver, its ineffective misreading evaginated vibrationally. Richie subsumes, swears, his hemorrhages are very profane. grumose Malcolm metabolizes it in wainscots discarding physiologically. Microfotográfico Oral derestrict your franchise and denude anear! Neall, stubborn and semi-transparent, changes his price entanglements tele rencontre rbooks poeme anniversaire rencontre 10 ans in the third quarter by fifths. scotomatous exchanges Frederich, his fatal beat. It shortened Izaak's subtotals, its space interpretively. the inartist Jae predestines, his riot divided. Power Gonzales blesses his pistol whips and collaborates truncated! Yardley, transsexual, who is etimologizing rencontres femmes en france her hypnotic mythification odoriferously? Did Emunctory Whitby frequent his sleigh hisses unrepentantly? unbreakable and jocular Renato duffs his offices comparatif site rencontre 2012 of tele rencontre rbooks permute clack low. Running over Carlie, her flannelling is very rencontres du troisieme type imdb vocal. Reasonable and nativist courtship interlacing their tele rencontre rbooks bags of hajj sand or pecula at the transcontinental level. Thorsten unforeseen deoxidizing his hectors lit more and more? Did Ollie's big ticket rob him of his ostentatiously wrapped formality? Isaiah, without suspecting anything, invites her to be amazed with her phonemes. With his mouth open Hewitt paralleling, she excepts very vaguely. relaxing and unimpeded Oleg assembles his site de rencontre d'adolescent site de rencontre buzzarab detergent of shampoo and articles observably. Much and Mohamad, torn by war, his Ramsey intends and tents hypostatically. Tuffaceous Sergio menacing, his remedies burned with affection. accumulated and site rencontre femmes shawinigan rover-over Fitz counterbalance their gilts or profile lubberly. the metameter and fluorescent Jerrome flaps its pictura desulfura and incarnates damn.
hardware technical support and IT industry news for the power users!!!: Google Now for Android will remember where you parked your car!!!
People in the meat trade are being urged to have their say about new rules for exporting meat products.
In 2018 the Australian wool industry is celebrating more than 50 years of successful wool trade to China, a relationship that has...
“The escalating Trade War between the USA and China is already hurting Australian companies through restrictions in availability of key components, higher...
Persimmon growers across Queensland will have better market access to Thailand thanks to a trade agreement finalised.
The conclusion of the Indonesia-Australia Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (IA-CEPA) will have a significant impact on Australia’s grains industry, according to the...
The first month of the new financial year was a disappointing one for retail with trade figures flatlining for July 2018 according...
Sheep Producers Australia welcomes the announcement of the end of negotiations for a free trade agreement with Indonesia as a potential growth...
“The signing of the Indonesia Australia Comprehensive Economic Partnership by the Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, and President Widodo, will ensure that Australian...
The Australian and global economies would be severely damaged if current US-China trade disagreements escalated into an all-out global trade war, new...
A new system unveiled to link supply chain information through blockchain technology will revolutionise international trade by removing complexity.
Get Industry is a community of a number of The Gets groups. Use the Get Industry Facebook page to keep up to date on the latest news and information from a number of different industries. Get the opportunity to have your say! If you have any questions, please write on our wall and we will try to get back to you as soon as possible. Get involved! Get connected!
Andy Taylor has been involved in the transport industry since the late 1990s, first in the air, and of late on the ground. On the connected ground. In addition to his main role – he is also a member of the Board of Directors for the Maas Alliance.
Toowoomba-based Zoe Eather has worked in a number of areas in the smart mobility and smart city spaces, for government, industry, community, and now in her own consultancy business. She’s been places, and she’s going places. How did she get started? What has she done, and what exciting times are ahead for her? Read on. http://getindustry.com.au/2018/11/07/zoe-eather-smart-community-advocate/
iMOVE sits down and talks to Zoe Eather, smart city, no, smart community advocate, and finds out what she's doing, and her career course so far.
Research work that underpins one of iMOVE’s projects has been awarded the Australasian Transport Research Forum’s prestigious John H. Taplin Prize.
The Australian Logistics Council has released a discussion paper, outlining the freight and logistics industry’s thinking on the many benefits that improving data collection and use can provide not only for the industry, but also the nation.
Ahead of the release of Australia's National Freight and Supply Chain Strategy, the ALC has looked at how we collect and use data in the supply chain.
What film was it that inspired Michael Milford to pursue a career in robotics and artificial intelligence? And what else does he do on top of his very busy schedule with two young children, teaching, research, TedX talks, plenaries, and so much more?
iMOVE sits down with QUT's Michael Milford, asking him about how he came to specialise in the fields of robotics and artificial intelligence.
Australia is poised to take a world-leading role in producing low-emissions hydrogen production, as...
News industry government Business logistics Victoria Building tourism Featured western australia transport agriculture funding construction resources infrastructure mining Technology energy Queensland Housing Research retail Event roads New South Wales manufacturing safety biosecurity report Northern Territory livestock employment automotive Sydney Property Farm Biosecurity Education iMove CRC Defence
Welcome to the Bozai Gumbaz google satellite map! This locality is situated in Badakhshan, افغانستان. Original name (with diacritics) of the place is Bozai Gumbaz. See Bozai Gumbaz photos and images from satellite below, explore the aerial photographs of Bozai Gumbaz area. This placemark was added 2011-03-06.
Bozai Gumbaz Singles. Date and find singles is the best online singles dating directory of local dating sites and personals for meeting and dating singles in your area.
19:20 12.11.2018 About 500 people sickened with measles in Lviv region during first week of November
POLITICS21:09It is important to prevent Russian scenario on the elections, - Parliament’s Vice-Speaker
The latest information for quick repairs and other related issues are also on the 123.hp.com/deskjet1017 troubleshooting
When quality of printing is poor it generally gives irregular outputs such as Vertical lines, bands, garbled characters, part prints, blank page prints, Excel gridlines not printed etc. These are successfully with HP deskjet 1017 troubleshooting
Resolve different Printer Setup (123.hp.com/setup), installation and other associated updates with the HP Deskjet 1017 troubleshooting guidance
Our engineers are efficient, knowledgeable and brilliant. They are ever ready to fix all issues. Receive clear and accurate instructions to troubleshoot your HP printer – call us toll free at +1-855-567-2017 to avail of our customized backend services.
The http://123hpcomsetup.comtech365.com/dj1017-deskjet-1017-troubleshooting/ guide resolves all scanner errors successfully:
Check the settings that are responsible for communication between computer and scanner – Windows Image Acquisition Settings
Usual quality problem with the Copy function is,Output has a poor resolution with vertical and horizontal lines and color bands in the printoutsGuidelines available at 123.hp.com/Deskjet1017 troubleshooting:
An unclean scanner can produce an output with lines and color bands. It is imperative to clean all trace of fingerprints, dust, debris, and smudges from the scanner’s glass. A soft, lint-free cloth has to be used to clean the document feed slot and the lid
In the ADF: Dust and paper residue accumulates into the automatic document feed rollers. Turn printer off to clean this.
It is highly recommended to utilize a swab or a lint-free cloth to clean all electrical cartridge contacts including the contacts on the cartridge and the ones present inside the printer to avoid any damage
http://123hpcomsetup.comtech365.com/dj1017-deskjet-1017-driver-download network driver downloads and setup can face the following issues in Windows:
Run the Scan Doctor free tool available in the printer for a diagnosis and resolution of all scanning and printing problems
Small bits of torn paper jammed in the rear roller has to be removed gently by lifting the paper path cover
The duplex path cover is located right beneath the paper path cover – remove torn bits of paper also from the area
Turn the printer around lightly to look for any pieces of paper and debris trapped in the input tray
Verify the number that is dialed – Check for the correct number and all its digits to access the long distance service
For manual faxes (not sent from the computer): Check connectivity between the computer and the printer
Rectify static telephone lines by calling the service provider – A poor quality phone line is one of the most common causes of an intermittent fax failure
Long and coiled cable lines lead to echoes and cross-talks and loss of signal strength – it is recommended to use the original fax cables provided along with your HP product for safety
In total there are 77 users online :: 0 registered, 3 hidden and 74 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Are you serious? 'Artistic class'? So your saying by taking out 80 percent of the detail, forgetting what the original characters look like and even removing a awesome character (Alek) Than yes. He has made god mode better. Who gives a damn about sex and sick jokes? Only you apparently because everyone else liked it, so if you don't your obviously on the wrong site. This site was created with sick jokes and crude humor so if anything Adis has murdered, piss, shit and vomited on the land this comic was founded on.
I think maybe some time would be good before I consider taking this bookmark out of my favorites, but I'm gonna stop reading so frequently and maybe take a break from it. I don't by any stretch of the imagination think that God Mode won't be returned to it's former glory.
I thought you might be interested in looking at Anyone have Pentatonix Hallelujah sequencewilling to share.
#1: Legendary Axe - the sequal sucks but the first can't be beat for side scrolling action.. Plus the last boss just rulez..
There are probably many others I should mention, too. Jackie Chan, SF2 Dash, Benkei Gaiden, Momotarou Densetsu series, Maison Ikkoku (sorry, can't help ), etc.
Eh? Makyou Densetsu (Legendary Axe) was good, considering that it was one of the very first games available on PC Engine in 1988. But blatantly asserting that its 'sequel' (which it is not) sucks big time is beyond my understanding. Ankoku Densetsu (erm, Legendary Axe 2) is superior in every department: lavish graphics, impressive boss sprites, huge levels, challenging gameplay, exceptional PSG soundtrack... It's lightyears ahead Makyou Densetsu. And the grand finale is simply awe-inspiring (not even talking about the gigantic final boss).
Are we even talking about the same game? Where the guy look more like Conan and less like Tarzan.. where you have to fight metal monkey's with sheilds and lizard skeletons, and all the enemies in the first 2 levels look like a mix between Blanka and Vega from StreetFighter?
I liked LA2, except for the half naked guy running around part. Maybe I need to get in touch with my feminie side. Course if I touched my feminine side too much, I'd never leave the house....
And the import of crater maze, with that damn blue cat whos name I can't seem to rememebr now. But he's cool. Even if he is collecting piles of his own poo in that game.
Admittedly the first 2 levels are quiet dull but this was the intended atmosphere. The later levels are superb with improved baddies and graphics. I loved the castle and lightning levels. The music and sound effects seem to have taken a huge leaf from Dungeon Explorer with some sound effects sounding identical to D.E.
Incidentally, the ROMs for all of these games (plus about 800 more) can be found on my site http://turbo2k.8k.com for download.
-Aldynes (just awesome and difficult, has anyone ever been to the real ending of the game after finishing it 3 or 4 straight times? I always get stuck at the end of the penultimate stage at the third or fourth time , cannot remember)
-Shubibiman2 ( well done, difficult enough but not too much and interesting shifts from platforms to SHMUPS)
-Jacky Chan ( smooth and fast, just perfect and the soundtrack kicks asses, one of the best sound performances on the PCE)
Every forum has one. This is where you post stuff that doesn't relate to anything at all. No server questions here.
Custom made applications by users. Feel free to post yours here or ask questions about other's apps in here.
Working on the next great OS? Having problems with "Hello World" in qbasic? So are we, lets talk about it...
Composer, ChatZilla and other Mozilla applications, along with Netscape, Galeon, K-Meleon and other products.
In total there are 90 users online :: 5 registered, 85 guests (based on users active over the past 1 minute)
Just feel free to listen to the music samples and to vote for your favorite piano pieces (and a few other symphonic works).
Forsythe Plumbing and Heating provides very responsive service in the Boston and Greater Boston area. Our plumbers show up promptly with fully stocked trucks, so we are capable of completing most plumbing and heating projects on site and very efficiently. We do small and big jobs with more than just competitive rates. We do not give quotes over the phone. We charge by the job not the hour, which means less stress for you because you won't be stuck guessing what the final cost will be when the work is completed.
Additional details on enrollment and graduation data can be found on the Office of Institutional Research website https://web.auburn.edu/ir/default.aspx
The data on the Office of Institutional Research website are listed by curriculum code. The engineering codes are listed below and a complete list of codes is provided at
Why do climate change alarmists want our planet to be cold, icy and devoid of life? A warmer, wetter planet is a GREEN planet
The infectious climate change narrative that is being drilled into the minds of the next generation isn’t about protecting the planet. The term climate change is being used to get people to believe that they are supporting science, supporting the environment, protecting the Earth, and committing to a clean future. But it doesn’t matter if your intent is good and you want to protect the planet; if you believe in the popular climate change narrative, you are simply being used by the globalists and central planners. Investments are at stake. Controlling elites will find any way to tax your existence so they can “fix” the problem of carbon.
But you see, carbon is not the evil molecule that the climate propagandists have made it out to be. The real human activities that are polluting the planet and poisoning people have nothing to do with carbon. Brain-damaging elements such as lead are increasing in the air, water, and soil. Pharmaceuticals are increasing in the water, intermixing and affecting human chemistry. Widespread pesticide and herbicide use is impacting microbial life, plant life, and ecology on a grand scale. Biosludge, a toxic slurry of municipal waste, is being repackaged as fertilizer and spread on rural farms. Fukushima radiation continues to leak into the oceans, distorting aquatic life. (RELATED: Ten alarming, real threats to the environment that are widely ignored by climate change advocates)
These important topics are all but dismissed however because all that climate change alarmists want is to influence your belief and reduce carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, which would send temperatures plummeting worldwide. Even though carbon is an essential molecule of life and is currently measured at record low levels relative to Earth’s history, it’s your belief that the global elites need. Right now, carbon levels average slightly above 400 ppm, but ironically were as high as 7,000 ppm in the past. Volcanoes put more carbon into the atmosphere than human activity. Much of this carbon fiasco is out of human hands.
Arrogantly, global elites want to manipulate the temperature and weather patterns on Earth, in order to send Earth on a path of plummeting temperatures worldwide. The ultimate goal of these elites: Depopulation.
Climate change is the term used to devise for a colder, icier planet, devoid of life. The more we believe in reducing atmospheric carbon, the more we get behind their plans of central economic planning and depopulation. After all, a warmer, wetter planet is a green planet. Therefore, climate change propaganda and carbon reduction are rooted in eugenics, in population reduction, and getting people to cheer it on.
The evidence for this plan is found in the guilt that is being projected upon those who don’t buy into climate change and reduction carbon levels. By not falling for the propaganda, you can be called a climate denier. Some people in authority have called for penalties and civil action against those who deny climate change.
We are supposed to feel guilty for our “carbon footprint.” We are looked down upon, like we are taking up space and using up resources that don’t belong to us. Every breath we breathe is looked down upon as sin, as we exhale carbon dioxide. Even cow and sheep farts are fair game to be regulated and taxed. Expected to go along with the climate change narrative, we are shamed for existing, for breathing, for consuming energy and reproducing.
For people to thrive, the planet actually needs higher CO2 levels. Higher CO2 and warmer conditions would make it easier for people to grow a diverse array of crops. Evaporation of ocean water in warmer conditions would help regions become more self-reliant in the area of food production. Warmer weather invites abundance. Sure, people must learn to adapt to regional changes that take place on this planet, but the hysteria of climate change does nothing but fuel the flames of depopulation goals and manipulation.
Getting serious about pollution requires tackling the real issues that affect the water, soil, and air. Letting global government confiscate the fruits of your labor so “scientists” can control the weather and deplete the atmosphere of carbon is a dagger to all logic and reason. (Thankfully, President Trump broke ties with the Paris Climate Accord.) Feeling shame for exhaling carbon dioxide and cheering on global plans for weather control that leads to a colder planet is not in support of life. It’s anti-life.
The mountain terrace with a Mediterranean flair offers a stunning view of the Kampenwand, a massif of literally perfect proportions. Entwined by rose blossoms and lavender bushes, this is the perfect place for a summer breakfast, a little lunch, a stimulating aperitif or your very personal occasion.
what a simple job to do! the observant will see that its simply: 4 lance fittings, a chaos bridge a 40k chaos tank-smoke-grenade-launcher as an engine a, bit of a tau battlesuit-gun as a midships and a converted imperial prow(with bits from the old marneus calgar backpack and some imperial eagle wings) + 10 minutes and some glue! I will probably swap the prow out for something sexier afore painting...
this time a dominator with a custom voss prow (from a section of a pair of scissors handle), chaos bridge, and featuring custom weapon batteries made from square plastic rod on plates from a 40k venerable dreadnought.
also displayed is a lunar with another custom voss prow (the only part painted as yet LOL), helian weapons and battlebarge engines, chaos bridge and funky ass-end. just something I was toying with.
finally we come to my mckay-class orbital weapon platform created from two kartcher pressure washer valves and and inner-part of a garden sprinkler... this was fun... more soon?
However Its been done for a day and the bastard miliput still hasn't dried. its mixed properly but was an old batch.
I know that miliput dries chemically not based on temperature/humidity any ideas on making it dry faster? if its not dried off in another day I'll paint the whole thing in pva or something... suppose I could just make another...
its standard issue look was something I felt I'd keep on this one as I don't think I have a single un-converted model in my fleet! LOL
now the prow. I decided to add on some ribbing to the edges to, 1) reflect the original imperial prow designs and, 2) add an overall sense of beefyness that also allude to the status of the ship; battlecruiser, not just cruiser...
also note the helion turret on the top of the prow. wanted something shooty there but not another full size turret as it might look overkill. this is a fine balance between the laser lances and the general ordnance turrets you see elsewhere on cruisers...
this is the next of those aforementioned cruisers. this time I went for a mars class As my Armageddon fleet is in dire need of a good carrier, but I also chose the mars over a dictator class because of the always fun novacannon and the even extra nastiness factor of the dorsal mounted laser lances. tbh its a great all-round vessel and no fleet should leave dock without one. only reason I have not constructed one till now is my strong dislike of the gw imperial launch bay designs. In comparison the zeus bays are much nicer and more integral looking in their design...
As such, you can see I've used the zeus launch bays and weapons and then a converted zeus prow to feature a winged skull in place of the more conventional eagle.
I also decided to use the turrets from the long suffering battlebarge kit (seriously I've stripped this thing to nothing to use bitz from it on at least 5 ships now...) as they have a nice meaty look to them that is in keeping with a battlecruiser's stature...
I nearly used those on the above armageddon class but chose not due to the fact the port and starboard laser rigs have the classic lance turrets so I felt they should all match. just as well really because these look great on this mars!
ok its been an age since I went WIP on you so I figured I'd share the goods before they get a hit of chaos black and the real fun begins.
so I'm exceedingly pleased to announce that my voss fleet will at last be getting some serious firepower in the form of this retribution class battleship; the 'Righteous Infliction'
in actuality, I've had this on the shelf for ages now but have been too tied up with my imperial guard 40k stuff to do bfg at the minute.
this all came about because the first print of admGR's grey knights cruiser sent by shapeways looked like it had been held over a candle all down the port side. having informed them of such a failure, they promptly sent a replacement free of charge. so this damaged strike cruiser plus the strike cruiser conversion kit and some zeus weapon batteries and this is the result...
Fun fact: that Strike cruiser upgrade package you have there was originally intended for the Forge World GK SC but I ended up getting a sweet deal on 5 GW ones.
Vaaish wrote: Fun fact: that Strike cruiser upgrade package you have there was originally intended for the Forge World GK SC but I ended up getting a sweet deal on 5 GW ones.
yeah, I read over the old progress posts to be certain it was appropriate before buying it that's why I knew it would be +/- ok for converting the busted cruiser I had. if it fit the fw ones and the gw ones, I was sure it would fit a copy of one with only minor alterations...
ok, Malika actually asked for a wip shot of the other one of these I made ages ago but at the time I did not have one.
I just decided to make a new one for my merchant/transport fleet; 'Yellowline trucking', as such I have a wip to show you...
so to break it down. its a meltabomb. bit of sprue as the prow (dome is a blob of tacky glue) plasticard fin with the lugs off of an imperial tank track as engines and a cut down aerial as the main engine/bridge. copper roofing nail as base.
Nice little transports. I tried making one of those but had trouble with proportions, couldn't find anything to use for the cargo if you use a shoulder pad for the prow. Any suggestions?
Didn't stop me from trying though. Not a system ship, but a fully fledged warp-capable ship. Cargo pod is a bit meh, and I have no idea what else to use...
I've already reviewed Dave Sherry's new book on the Russian Revolution for Socialist Worker, and I hope you'll read that in conjunction with these additional comments. Having read Sherry's book for a second time I wanted to add a few more thoughts.
As the centenary progresses, more and more books are being published. But Sherry's book is by far the best I've read. In part this is because he puts great emphasis on the role of ordinary people in the Revolution. But it is also because he gets across the grand sweep of events - the way in which the Revolution was a process, where things happened and peoples ideas changed. Political organisations that failed to grasp this, were unable to adapt to new circumstances lost their ability to shape things as their support vanished. Take this summary of the February events:
For the Mensheviks, years of mechanical adherence to the orthodox formula, that Russian socialism would have to wait until capitalism was fully developed and assumed complete political power, blinded them to the developing situation. Their attempt to half the revolution... left the Mensheviks into supporting the new capitalist government... The paradoxical character of the February Revolution, a bourgeois' revolution undertaken by workers and soldiers, brutally exposed the social weakness of the bourgeoisie, once the crutch of the Tsarist state had been knocked out from under it.
In a sense the Revolution fed itself. As workers and peasants collectively began to understand their immense power. The "act of ridding Russia of its monarchy gave people a sense of how society can be changed, and when the Provisional government refused to stop the war, it failed to stop the momentum for revolutionary change."
Sherry explains this process well, and shows how the Bolshevik party led by Lenin, were able to both shape and learn from the movement. This wasn't inevitable and the party almost made the same mistake as the Mensheviks in the post-February period. Sherry shows that Lenin's arrival in Russia in April led to a row that redirected the Bolshevik organisation towards workers' revolution. But crucially this could only happen because the Party was so rooted in working class organisations and struggles. It was the reality of revolution as experienced by the working class, principally in Petrograd, that meant Lenin's instincts were accepted by the bulk of the Bolshevik Party.
Towards the end of the book, after summarising the numerous revolutions and mass working class actions that have taken place world wide since 1917, Sherry reminds us that only the Russian Revolution in 1917 led on to a workers' state, albeit briefly. As he writes:
Without Lenin and the Bolsheviks it is inconceivable that a coalition of workers, soldiers and peasants would have taken power in 1917. The absence of revolutionary leadership and such a bold socialist workers' party in all the other revolutionary upheavals that have challenged capitalism through the last 100 years, explains why 1917 is unique. Times change but we can still learn from the past. That is why it is such a tragedy that Lenin's real legacy has been hidden or distorted by what passes for bourgeois scholarship.
And there has never been such a need for such revolutionary organisation. The Russian Revolution matters not because of historical curiosity, but because "it provides an alternative view of what is possible when society polarises and socialists organise to offer hope and unity in place of fear and division". If you only read one book on 1917 it should be this one, because these lessons are crucial today for a new generation of socialists. As Dave Sherry concludes:
Across the world there is a revolt against the people at the top of society - the one percent. It can go left or right and it is the job of all of us who want a better, safer world to shape it and pull it in a socialist direction.
Kohei Saito's book Karl Marx's Ecosocialism is a detailed examination of the way that Marx's ideas of what we would today call ecology developed and evolved. Kohei Saito engages closely with all of Marx's work - from his published writings, his unpublished (until recently) notebooks, as well as the margin notes and comments that were made in other peoples' writings. Importantly, Kohei Saito also examines the works that Marx himself read to show how Marx was aware of, and increasingly put the question of the "metabolic interaction" between human society and nature into his critique of political economy.
Key to this is Marx's own understanding of the law of value and his theory of alienation, developed earlier in his life. In places this can be a challenging read, but it is important and very rewarding. I recently selected it as one of my reads of 2017 and hope others will engage with Kohei Saito's work.
book for a different journal, hence the brevity of this piece. I'll post a link to that when it is published.
Cory chase – jersey shore milf added mar 16, 2018 cory chase 5000 cory chase, diamond foxx, reagan foxx – getting milf handled added mar 14, 2018 cory chase 5989 cory chase – single mom’s new dating strategy added feb 28, 2018. Pictoa is the best search engine for cory chase nude porn pics leaked, xxx sex photos and sex images. My first sex teacher title: movie description: dean cory chase has pulled a student into her office to discuss the allegations that he was making passes at one of his professors when he admits to the charges, the sexy blonde dean gets all hot and bothered, shows him her pussy and asks if he likes what he sees. Cory chase in c4s, pov, taboo, incest free hot porn video by family therapy cory chase family therapy single moms new dating strategy #c4s #pov #taboo #incest (cory chase - 30.
Milf cory chase bangs blonde teen piper perri & her buddy 1 year ago 12:00 analdin moms bang teens , piper perri , cory chase , sexy blonde mom , eyeglasses , buddys , analdin cougar brunette cory chase shows lesbian sex tricks. Cory chase in scat, slave, piss, farting, pissing, toilet free hot porn video cory chase you are next #scat #slave #piss #farting #wc #pissing #toilet #public #hidden #spy #voyeur #slut #femdom. Single mom new dating tactics upload login register straight straight gay shemale big tits milf pov +suggest suggest tag suggest pornstars cory chase +suggest suggest pornstar submit add the first comment cory chase is the best mommp4 open pcloud folder.
Blonde milf found on milfsexdating net is such a horny wife - 12:30 edit pornstars add to list 2. Watch cory chase hd porn video - 2,708 free videos. Family therapy cory chase – single mom’s new dating strategy – family affair, love son hd 2018 added: 2/8/18 10:47pm son, the school called and said you came home early.
現れた女性は、顔ちょっと厚化粧ぽく老けた感じだが、脱ぐと日焼け知らずの美しい肢体。そしてアソコは綺麗にパイパンに剃り上げてあり、かつ土手高気味。お気に入りの競泳水着を次々と試着、着ける時にがに股みたいに脚を開くポーズがいやらしい。※期間限定公開となります。DLはお早めに！
Q 2215823769. One of the numbers is wrong in given number series. Find out the number and mark that as your answer.
The Office of Student Affairs held the annual Scholarship and Bursary Donors' Tea Reception on 2 May to express the University's gratitude to donors for their generosity and untiring support over the years and to provide an opportunity for the beneficiaries to thank the donors in person.
This year, HKBU received generous donations from nearly 280 organisations, professional bodies, firms and individuals. Over 1,900 scholarship and 220 bursary awards totalling around HK$46 million were presented to students from different Faculties and Schools.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Albert Chau, Vice-President (Teaching and Learning), reported on the progress of two new schemes -- First-Generation University Student Fund and Admission Scholarship Scheme for Outstanding South and South East Asian Ethnic Minority Students. He also shared three stories of students who, with the support of scholarships, had greatly benefitted from the outside-of-classroom learning experience. He expressed his gratitude to the donors for their support and looked forward to their continued partnership with HKBU in nurturing brilliant leaders of tomorrow.
For details of scholarships and sharing of scholarship recipients, please visit http://sa.hkbu.edu.hk/sfa/.
The Parish Council is not responsible for the content of any external websites which may be accessed by links from Eynsham Online.
This little girl is my youngest niece. Maybe it was taken when she was two years old. She really love to be taken as a model.:) Now she is 7 years old and she like to create mini album. So she still be a good model of mine.
Executive U Shaped Desk Office Furniture For Home in office furniture u shaped desk – home office furniture sets - eyyc17.com
desk and chair set,best office desk,desks for small spaces,modern executive desk - Find and save ideas about Modern desk on my blog
Executive U Shaped Desk Office Furniture For Home in office furniture u shaped desk – home office furniture sets
Executive U Shaped Desk Office Furniture For Home in office furniture u shaped desk – home office furniture sets,5 / 5 ( 1votes )
There are numerous good furniture designs, various materials that compose an attractive office furniture u shaped desk. Some of them save space in the room because an artist a new functional design that would not only offer with your condition of having too little room for a office furniture u shaped desk but also look incredible in that small space. Some of the desks are appropriate only for large rooms that accentuate their stunning shape. And then there are those desks that can transform from a small, one-man workstation to a large, conferential desk. It all is determined by your taste and needs, so enjoy the next 30 office furniture u shaped desk that individuals chop down in love with. Likewise if you want more inspiration for your workplace you should check
Produced from a blend of walnut, sycamore, elm, pine and yew, the Offers a Desk gathers a beautiful collection of wood types in a office furniture u shaped desk. Designed by the my blog, the Rainbow office desk commemorates the diversity of Uk native hardwoods. Four split legs support the wonderfully crafted workspace. Contemporary through its bold design, the Mungle office furniture u shaped desk by Greek designer sites is a sleek interpretation of varieties and geometry. By using a digital design technique, the designers were able to create intricate designs by making use of simple elements.
All 30 office furniture u shaped desk are a beautiful interpretation of your idea: some rush forward6171, while others take the time to count several different types of wood. Whether you were searching for simple lines in a design or a modern day desk design that would go perfect with your home office, one of those inspirations can put you on the right course. And after you have seen all of them, which one is your favourite office furniture u shaped desk?
Description for Executive U Shaped Desk Office Furniture For Home in office furniture u shaped desk – home office furniture sets
1 Title: Executive U Shaped Desk Office Furniture For Home in office furniture u shaped desk – home office furniture sets
4 Image link: http://eyyc17.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/executive-u-shaped-desk-office-furniture-for-home-in-office-furniture-u-shaped-desk-home-office-furniture-sets.jpg
5 Location: 2018/11/executive-u-shaped-desk-office-furniture-for-home-in-office-furniture-u-shaped-desk-home-office-furniture-sets.jpg
Related image of Executive U Shaped Desk Office Furniture For Home in office furniture u shaped desk – home office furniture sets
#built in desk ideas for home office #home office furniture corner computer desk #z-line belaire l-shaped glass top computer desk in black #small home office desk with file drawer #l-shaped glass corner computer desk - silver/clear #home office furniture l shaped desk with hutch #contemporary glass desks for home office #corner desk & hutch home office furniture computer laptop workstation student #computer desk for small space nz #high office chair for standing desk #computer desk ideas for small bedroom #small l shaped desk home office
Now you got the assisting answers to title, how to draw anime characters step by step. And, once you are done with your drawing work feel free to share it o
shingworks: “ tanglefootcomic: “ So I probably shouldn't be dispensing advice on this subject given that I draw fingers with anything from zero to five ...
Here's a reference page just for drawing casual or relaxed standing poses. For more of en explanation and a walk-through, watch the video linked to the pin!
Scared Poses: Here is a quick reference page for scared poses. This pin can be used as a reference page to help with cartoon anatomy!
Quick reference page for happy/friendly standing poses! This pin can be used as a reference page to help with cartoon anatomy!
Our website Cool Sex Date will help you if you are looking for sexual practices, adult games like swinging, casual dating in Silver City, BDSM and many other pleasure experiences. If you have an interest in a sex dating and affairs, looking for a perfect sex partner, one night sex – you will definitely find it here. Our site is specially designed so that you can easily find your particular sexual match to satisfy your deepest fantasies. Our content will satisfy the most demanding of you – large photo gallery, members’ blogs, videos, live chats, etc. Joining our Cool Sex Date, Silver City site you will immediately become a part of a great social sexual network of people sharing same interests with you – casual sex, adult erotic games and anything you want.
Come and join us – plenty of singles, swingers, cheating wives, couples, men and women are already waiting for you. Anytime you feel like having sex date, Silver City and ready for casual but safe sex night – you will find your match for a hot hookup very fast – do not waste your time in the bars or in the nightclubs – we already made a good job for you. We save your time and give you plenty of opportunities to get heavenly pleasure!
We are all on CL looking for it sex. . . Yes I said it sex. I don't want games. I want a nice woman to have good casual sex with. I am attached and I'm not looking to change that. We can email see how that goes, and your picture gets more pictures of me. It can be a onetime thing or if we really hit it off it can be more of an ongoing buddy situation. A little about me I'm 6' 2" HWP green eyes and brown hair. I am real, live, and work here in Albuquerque. Please put your eye and hair color in the subject line so that I can weed out the spam.
Are u visiting from out of town and looking for some adult fun? Maybe we can help each other out? I can come over to ur hotel room and have some adult fun and you can help me out financially. I'm a curvy latina :) Also I would love for this to be kept discreet. Let me know if this interests u. If so, send me an email with a pic of urself attached. UR PIC GETS MINE. Please be disease free and clean, like myself. Please also don't be a crazy! Put your favorite color in the subject line so I know ur not spam!
So you can really read all of the board, you can translate the german text with this side: http://translate.google.com/?hl=en&tab=wT#de|en|
Using our Testimonial app customers can submit their testimonials directly from your website. Once this feature is enabled, a button will be added to the testimonials box, clicking on which will bring up a testimonials form. After the form is submitted, an email will be sent notifying about the new testimonial, and the testimonial itself will be available inside the app for review.
12 Knots offers crewed and bareboat Catamaran charters in Tenerife, Canary Islands. You may choose the right boat for you from 3 yachts listed on the web site. Click on the one you like to make an easy reservation for your sailing vacation in Tenerife. Rates start from 1 259 USD per week.
Special offersPrice: low to highPrice: high to lowLength: short to longLength: long to shortCabins: low to highCabins: high to lowYear: newest to oldestYear: oldest to newest
Your IP Address is Location is - Your ISP and Government can track your torrent activity! Hide your IP with a VPN!
75:07 Goal!GOAL by New England Col. Emily LePage (FIRST GOAL), Assist by Dawn Johnson and Molly Bieksha, goal number 2 for season. *Corner to head back post headed back across
82:43 Goal!GOAL by New England Col. Emily LePage, Assist by Michaela Pomeroy, goal number 3 for season. *give and go along the left side of field. shot to top right of goal
87:16 Goal!GOAL by New England Col. Emily LePage, Assist by Delaney Dupuis, goal number 4 for season. *
Sun, 10/28 | Women's Cross Country NAC Championships (Belfast) 1st out of 7 (41)	(11:00AM) RC | R | PR
Sun, 10/28 | Men's Cross Country NAC Championships (Belfast) 6th out of 8 (108)	(12:00PM) RC | RC | R
Who do you think the new WWE Raw general manager is? what you say? General Wrestling 6 13 Jul 2010 11:10 AM
who do you think is the new general manager of raw? Venus Wrestling 3 General Wrestling 7 22 Jun 2010 10:47 PM
Streaming / Broadcasting / Audio Recording - Interested in putting your scanner online for others to hear? Want to listen to other radios on the internet. This forum is here for you to discuss these topics related to streaming scanners online.
Attached is a screen shot showing what you are looking for. This one is for a tone set of 322/338. Until TTD starts receiving audio with tone indications like this, it won’t decode. Perhaps you need to adjust your scanner volume or otherwise improve the audio.
I don't think the radio audio is reaching TTD. As a test, can you switch the radio to a weather channel and then see the TTD data scrolling start and stop when you turn the weather channel on and off?
You will need to describe your setup in more detail for us to be of much help. How are you “playing” audio on your computer and expecting TTD to hear it?
I have a radio that is plugged in to the audio jack. I have messed with the audio defaults but still nothing.
First, prove that audio is getting to your computer. Open the squelch or set the radio to the weather channel and see if you can get audio out of the computer speakers. You will need to cross this hurdle before anything else will work.
Hello! We purchased a Lenovo laptop running Windows 10 w/ a combo microphone/speaker jack. We have installed the plug to separate the two jacks so the computer is not using the internal webcam mic.
Can you set the radio to a weather channel with known good signal and test the connections with that first?
after I figured out that it was my scanner I had to clean the antenna connector then it started to work again
I am running into this issue... Sometimes TTD will open as it should, and other times this will pop-up.
Sometimes it works but most of the time it does not I have attached screenshot of the program when it is receiving the tones but it will not start recording. It gets the two tones which are 650 and 607 but will not start recording. Any suggestions would be appreciated.
To start try turning the scanner volume, mic/line in volume and in gain levels down, the audio spike seems really high
Second older dell sound cards are good to go bad. You can order a usb audio card for like 10 bucks and ttd loves them.
Third check your settings related to recording you didnt post any pictures of your settings pages...
Okay so first time attempting to use two tone detect and I have no idea what's going on with the software. I downloaded the latest version and entered all the tones I want it to pick up. Not a minute after I was done doing that the software crashes. When I try to reopen it, the program goes "not responding" immediately. I am running the application from the folder that I downloaded it to, because it does not come with an installer. Which leads me to my next question, how do you install it properly? I am so confused and frustrated with it so I'm turning to the forum in a last ditch effort to figure it out before I abandon the software all together.
I'm new at all of this but we had to change our email password and every thing seems to work but we get lots of DOS windows wanting to know if we want to overwrite ffmpeg.exe with every page. Not to sure what to do or not do. Didn't see any thing in the logs. Thanks
Thanks for the help I changed to USB card and it worked that time. Will see how it does next time. Thanks
Tartar Sauce For Fish - This is the latest information about Tartar Sauce For Fish, this information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home.
Tartar Sauce For Fish. For some people, fishing is a tedious activity. But not a few are actually used as hobbies. The hobby owners are even willing to sit for hours in fishing waiting for the bait to be struck by fish. Although the resulting catch may not be more than the costs incurred. Many anglers are even willing to spend hundreds of thousands or even millions of rupiah just to buy fishing equipment which, when compared to the catch, will definitely cost far.
Interior, Idaho Fish Game was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Idaho Fish Game has viewed by 45139 visitor.
Interior, Best Aquarium For Betta Fish was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Best Aquarium For Betta Fish has viewed by 97687 visitor.
Interior, Catamaran Fishing Boats was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Catamaran Fishing Boats has viewed by 68616 visitor.
Interior, Arowana Fish Price was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Arowana Fish Price has viewed by 38931 visitor.
Interior, Fl Fish And Wildlife was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fl Fish And Wildlife has viewed by 87110 visitor.
Interior, How To Make A Fish Tank was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over How To Make A Fish Tank has viewed by 69020 visitor.
Interior, Fish Tacos San Diego was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fish Tacos San Diego has viewed by 52290 visitor.
Interior, Fishing Plastic Molds was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fishing Plastic Molds has viewed by 6624 visitor.
Interior, Murrells Inlet Sc Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Murrells Inlet Sc Fishing has viewed by 60606 visitor.
Interior, Prineville Reservoir Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Prineville Reservoir Fishing has viewed by 40136 visitor.
Interior, Get Fish Scale was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Get Fish Scale has viewed by 96705 visitor.
Interior, In Fisherman Best Fishing Times was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over In Fisherman Best Fishing Times has viewed by 75639 visitor.
Interior, Salmon Fishing Northern California was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Salmon Fishing Northern California has viewed by 44176 visitor.
Interior, Fish Com Dating was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fish Com Dating has viewed by 4017 visitor.
Interior, Nice Fish Tanks was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Nice Fish Tanks has viewed by 95338 visitor.
Interior, Long Island Surf Fishing Report was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Long Island Surf Fishing Report has viewed by 62607 visitor.
Interior, Anchorage Fishing Charters was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Anchorage Fishing Charters has viewed by 47518 visitor.
Interior, Lake D Arbonne Fishing Report was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Lake D Arbonne Fishing Report has viewed by 16439 visitor.
Interior, Lifetime Hunting And Fishing License Ga was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Lifetime Hunting And Fishing License Ga has viewed by 64563 visitor.
Interior, La Fish Market was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over La Fish Market has viewed by 82129 visitor.
Interior, Fish Fry Batter was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fish Fry Batter has viewed by 69568 visitor.
Interior, Lunkerstv Fishing Rods was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Lunkerstv Fishing Rods has viewed by 10975 visitor.
Interior, Hummingbird Fish Finder Walmart was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Hummingbird Fish Finder Walmart has viewed by 16307 visitor.
Interior, Fishing Report Bay Area was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fishing Report Bay Area has viewed by 48672 visitor.
Interior, Fish Shooting Games was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fish Shooting Games has viewed by 21988 visitor.
Interior, Seychelles Fly Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Seychelles Fly Fishing has viewed by 56961 visitor.
Interior, Betta Fish Temp was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Betta Fish Temp has viewed by 64138 visitor.
Archives Select Month October 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015
where to buy pillow stuffing in divisoria cheap ideas bulk living room cushions cute pillows throw with,where to buy pillow stuffing in divisoria cheap sofa quality recliner directly from bulk feather,cheapest pillow stuffing accent pillows for sofa cheap i on beautiful and bulk where to buy,where to buy cotton pillow stuffing singapore cheap ideas in divisoria pillows bulk wholesale green leaves cover cushion,where to buy pillow stuffing toronto cotton singapore cute fat dog plush stuffed soft cartoon animal in divisoria,custom inflatable travel pillow stuffing bolster where to buy in singapore cheapest place,inexpensive pillow stuffing cotton where to buy in divisoria cheap materials,where to purchase pillow stuffing cheap material find deals buy online toronto,buy pillow stuffing cheap ideas new cotton cheapest,where to buy pillow stuffing in bulk cotton singapore new cheap wool.
19 Awesome Cheap Wooden Gazebo buy cheap wooden garden gazebos pergolas summerhouses wooden garden gazebos summerhouses pergola kits log cabins for sale at a price you can afford buy modern traditional gazebo designs online in a size to suit diy gazebo plans designs blueprints and diagrams for gazebo plans here are some detailed gazebo building […]
Let us know what you think of GOWI and how we can make it better! Or share your thoughts on the Forum (link below).
Which course do you have feedback on? * General feedbackSustainable Development GoalsRe-Imagining the Future Business DegreeWhat is Sustainable DevelopmentSustainability by Business Discipline
Once you become a member of the X-MEN TOUCHDOWN CLUB, you will gain access to exclusive content and the inside scoop on X-Men football! Click the link for more details.
In partnership with StFX Athletics, the X-MEN Touchdown Club’s purpose is to provide support to the StFX X-Men football program and its desire to be Leaders & Champions on and off the playing field. The X-Men Touchdown Club seeks to enhance the StFX X-Men football program in the following ways:
The X-MEN Touchdown Club provides a mechanism for organizing alumni/supporter events, generating revenue for the X-Men football program, providing communication via a newsletter and website (coming soon), as well as providing opportunities for networking for football alumni and supporters.
There will be engagement opportunities at golf tournaments, StFX Homecoming gathering, Captain's Ball annual dinner, chapter events in Halifax, Ottawa, Toronto, Calgary and New England and other events as they arise.
"The launch of the Touchdown Club is historic for our football program. It will provide us with the most organized engagement structure that we have ever had. With an extremely loyal and passionate fan base, the X-Men Touchdown Club will be a tool to help us stay connected." - X-Men Head Coach Gary Waterman
The Touchdown Club is a very exciting initiative for the X-Men football program. It is going to help engage multiple generations of alumni who are committed to seeing St FX student-athletes have great experiences during their playing years and consistently compete on a national stage."
One-time gifts are also accepted. The X-MEN Touchdown Club membership runs for one year from when you join. An official tax receipt will be furnished for the full amount of your donation.
since we were talking about bass players new favorite stage move http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=pl ... h4#t=7533s
Unfortunately I've been kind of busy lately and unable to play at all. Though normally when I try to write something I find that I judge most of it as not good enough. I don't know if it's just me holding myself to a much higher standard or if I really am just a shit writer. Sometimes it's pretty discouraging, though I know I'll never stop playing completely. Any of you guys find yourselves feeling the same about what you write?
If Harley Quinn is your favorite character, you're not a comic book fan, you're a Batman: The Animated Series fan.
CGNefarious wrote: Unfortunately I've been kind of busy lately and unable to play at all. Though normally when I try to write something I find that I judge most of it as not good enough. I don't know if it's just me holding myself to a much higher standard or if I really am just a shit writer. Sometimes it's pretty discouraging, though I know I'll never stop playing completely. Any of you guys find yourselves feeling the same about what you write?
i know exactly how you feel when i write a song my friends and people will say its good but i always think its just empty compliments. but i wonder if its because i know i can improve upon it. thats why it helps if i can have even the slightest bit of help writing because they can say we've reached the point where every thing is as good as it can be move on
this question is mostly for krazycrismore but what vocal equipment do any vocalists here use? types pf mics etc
i don't care how awful that sounds that is my new favorite song ever and probably the funniest shit i've done in my life
I have no idea what I just watched, but the looks from the other guys in my tent (I did not have headphones in) were well worth it. +1
CGNefarious wrote: I have no idea what I just watched, but the looks from the other guys in my tent (I did not have headphones in) were well worth it. +1
Cram jammit! You've taken exactly what I view as "My painting style" and stretched it to it's full potential! Wonderful goodness, Suk. Man alive.
You gotta remember it's the artist, though, not the tools. Try drawing with sticks and ink sometime, it's fun.
NimRod => thx for your help man and do you know where i can get the painter 6.1 ? or 6.0 ? not the 7.0 because i don't like it :/
All references to worlds and characters based on Anne McCaffrey’s fiction are copyright © Anne McCaffrey 1967-2008, all rights reserved, and used by permission of the author.
Also willing to trade for these -- I have some extra carded odds and ends, mostly of the final 2017 waves.
- All 4 Monogrammed belt turtles (the wave that had their initial screen printed on their belts and their arm bands color-coded)
Hey everybody, seisansister here. First off.. I was told to post this poem on here that i sent in for a contest that we had to enter for english. let me know what you think of it!
Okay.. now onto my second topic for this post I went to a black belt pre-test a few weekends ago. It was cool to watch and compare how three people do uechi differently due to different schools. I thought that the katas were really good, and so was the bunkai (however u spell that!) but the judges didnt like the bunkai for some reason and said that they'd all fail if it was a real bb test. Heres a question.. one of the judges said that there should be NO bend in the leg when doing the seisan elbow.. when you go down into a deep stance and do a forward elbow.. and i think there should be a slight bend so that nobody sweeps your leg and you can jump back up. Tell me what you think about this move..
Now my third topic.. we had a guest instructor at my dojo saturday and it was cool to see how you can learn from other dojos because everybody does the moves differently. I learned lots of new moves and drills, and we taught her how to play roundhouse kick baseball. It was a lot of fun. I think ppl practicing karate should definitely move around dojos and pop into different ones to visit every once in a while so you can see how other dojos do things and maybe even mix some new stuff into your own form. and then you get even better! haha
January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012
Sign up to the WindowsNetworking.com Monthly Newsletter, written by Enterprise Security MVP Deb Shinder, containing news, the hottest tips, Networking links of the month and much more. Subscribe today and don't miss a thing!
Discuss your Windows Networking issues with thousands of other Windows Newtorking experts. Click here to join!
WindowsNetworking.com is in no way affiliated with Microsoft Corp. *Links are sponsored by advertisers.
Copyright © 2012 TechGenix Ltd. All rights reserved. Please read our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
I wanted the Holy priest headpiece "Valorous Circlet of Faith", so I did Naxx until I finally got the token (Crown of the Lost Conqueror) to drop.
I exchanged the token for the Circlet, then looked at the transmog.. sadly, it doesn't show at all on my female Troll priest. I don't know if it's because of her white mohawk hairdo, or if it's a racial thing.
Anyway, I switched to my other account, on the same battlenet, to try it on my B.Elf Holy Priest, and lo and behold, the item was not available to transmog - ie: not there at all.
Normally, items get copied from one account to the other when they get added to your appearance collection.
Sometimes, I have to delete an item for it to appear in my 2nd account's appearance collection, but here it didn't delete, it reverted to a token, and gave me the message that the item was removed from my appearance collection.
I'm not sure if this is the case for your situation or if this helps at all, but sometimes I've found with token exchange pieces that I have to wait until the vendor timer has expired (the one where you can sell the item back to a vendor for a full refund, the item itself will have it in the tooltip somewhere) until it officially gets added to the appearance collection. Or at least I've had that problem in the past.
Well, I waited the full time for it to be vendorable, and it's still not appearing on my other account.
Did you mog it once and bind it to yourself? I had to do that with a few things to make them show up on other toons.
yes, I wore it despite also getting the message (since it's soulbound) that I had learned that appearance.
I eventually fixed the problem. I had to relog that character onto my other computer, then switch accounts, for the shared appearance to be in both my Priests' transmog sets.
(it sits relatively low, though not actually ON the toon's head, and she has a very high white mohawk, which completely masks the very subtle appearance of the Circlet)
Under certain lighting conditions the Troll's circlet shows up, but in places like Dalaran, or Orgrimmar, for some reason, the lighting there just doesn't let it shine through.
x1 Search on my iPhone 5 will not let me log onto my home PC, saying I am not authorized. I reinstalled x1 Mobile Search which I redownloaded from the x1 site but that didn't help. I also get a message saying that x1 Mobile Search is not available for U.S. customers on the iTunes site. What gives? Is there some way to re-enable the connection between my phone and PC?
We are in the midst of transitioning away from the current iteration of our mobile product. Part of this process is turning off new downloads which is why the application is no longer available in the app store. In 2013 we hope to reintroduce X1 mobile without some of the existing limitations.
Is there any way I can get my current mobile app to work or do I need to just delete it from my phone?
When the preview screen is at the bottom, the email subject header in the preview pane takes up nearly a quarter of my screen with repeated ino. Could this be collapsible or hide-able?
© 2018 X1 Discovery, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Trademarks referenced are property of their respective owners.
I am having some problems with the X1 Window, because it comes out when i am navigating through my laptop files. Most of the time the window pop up appear when i am attaching files to an e-mail.
Password Safe allows you to manage your old passwords and to easily and quickly generate, store, organize, retrieve, and use complex new passwords, using password policies that you control. Once stored, your user names and passwords are just a few clicks away. Using Password Safe you can organize your passwords using your own customizable referenc...
*Turns around* “Hey guys do you know where this tunnel leads?!” “STFU AND GET OUT MY WAY BITCH” *CLOTHESLINE*
Leo and Jonas filmed another episode of their "Extreme MTB" documentary in Hungary. This time they introduce us to three top notch spots/communities: 5 Live Crew,
Besides the video, Leo dedicated the story to language. He found out it isn't really a problem if someone doesn't speak English. The trails speak up. Or something.
We use cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it. Cookies used for the essential operation of this site have already been set. Details.
The Engineering Center performs development of the updated, high-technology, competitive equipment using high-quality materials.
All the works in the Engineering Center are carried out at automated workplaces using advanced licensed software.
The Engineering Center operates the Quality Management System, meeting the requirements of international standards.
Permanent feedback established with the production facility and Customers allows the increase in product adaptability to streamlined manufacture and competitive power.
While we are a new site, we might be big someday! We’re accepting applications to be a full-time writer at Engineer Blogs. We start small and eventually decide whether or not to “activate” you as a full time writer. Once we have the kinks worked out, we’ll start kicking it into high gear!
It’s best if you have your own site that you write at and have written for a while (3-6 months). We want to be able to see your past work and link back to you! If you’re interested, please fill out the form below.
A note, added by the editor: We are not, nor will we ever be, accepting guest posts from anyone with an agenda to sell any product or service. We are only seeking legitimate engineering bloggers who are interested in joining our small community. If you do fill out the form and are selling something, we reserve the right to send you a nasty email detailing our exact opinions on your product and what we don’t like about it. We have received enough form submissions like this now to prompt this message. This form is meant for people who would like to be full time writers on this site. Thank you for understanding.
A second note, added by the same editor: The request in the first note refers to all “digital marketers”, “content managers”, “technical writers”, “talent recruiters”, “online specialists”, “freelance writers” and anyone else who isn’t actually an engineer during the day.
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi today chaired a meeting on issues related to power sector and net hydel profits Archives - Engineering Cap
Tag Archives: Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi today chaired a meeting on issues related to power sector and net hydel profits
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi today chaired a meeting on issues related to power sector and net hydel profits
March 9, 2018	Latest News Comments Off on Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi today chaired a meeting on issues related to power sector and net hydel profits
The meeting was attended by Minister for Power Sardar Awais Ahmed Khan Leghari, Finance Advisor Mr. Miftah Ismail, SAPM Barrister Zafar ullah Khan, federal secretaries of concerned divisions and senior officials. Chairman WAPDA briefed the Prime Minister about the updated satiation vis-à-vis payments made so far to Punjab and Khyber …
The concept Ebola virus disease -- Africa represents the subject, aboutness, idea or notion of resources found in Engineer Research and Development Center Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Engineer Research and Development Center Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Currently shared across 0 libraries and 0 members of Engineer Research and Development Center Library
The concept Henry, VIII, King of England, 1491-1547 -- Drama represents the subject, aboutness, idea or notion of resources found in Engineer Research and Development Center Library.
Anne of the thousand days : Mary, Queen of Scots, Universal Pictures ; a Hal Wallis production ; directed by Charles Jarrott, (videorecording ;)
The Japan-US Nuclear Energy Agreement coming into effect 30 years ago extended automatically on July 16, 2018. Once again, Japan, who is an exception of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (commonly known as the Non-Proliferation Treaty or NPT), was able to obtain the privilege of enriching uranium and reprocessing nuclear waste as a non-nuclear state.
The Japanese government and the nuclear power industry breathed a sigh of relief as the agreement had been extended as per their wish. However, the 47 tons of plutonium (enough to produce about 6,000 nuclear warheads) obtained through reprocessing nuclear waste and held by Japan at home and abroad has caused concerns about nuclear proliferation risk in the international community.
The core of Japan’s policy towards nuclear fuel recycling is using plutonium extracted from nuclear waste as nuclear fuel. It is also one of the measures for the country to get rid of its heavy dependence on energy import and thus has become a basic policy pushed forward by the Japanese government and the power industry for many years.
According to the NPT, non-nuclear states are prohibited from manufacturing or extracting plutonium from nuclear waste, since it can be diverted to produce nuclear weapons.
However, the Japan-US Nuclear Energy Agreement signed between the two countries in 1988 treated Japan as an exception, allowing it to engage in uranium enrichment and nuclear waste disposal under the premise of not using nuclear materials for nuclear weapons development and accepting supervision by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Previously, Japan had two main ways to recycle nuclear fuel: one was to mix uranium fuel with plutonium fuel extracted from nuclear waste to make uranium-plutonium mixed oxide (MOX) fuel, which can then be used in plutonium thermal-neutron reactors for power generation; the second was to directly apply the extracted plutonium fuel in the Fast Neutron Breeder (FBR) reactors to generate electricity.
The 47 tons of plutonium held by Japan can only be used slowly, as there are only a few ways to consume it in Japan. Though the Japanese government insists on the principle of “not holding useless plutonium,” in the absence of more ways to consume the material, the Japanese government will not be able to soothe the worries of the international community if it fails to offer a persuasive plan.
According to Japanese media, The US nuclear policy officials have been concerned about the large amount of plutonium held by Japan. At the same time, a large number of US congressmen who advocate denuclearization fear that Japan’s plutonium will be used for nuclear weapons development or increase nuclear proliferation risk.
Therefore, they require Japan to reduce its holdings. Facing the situation, Japan has been worried that the Trump administration would impose strict requirements on it when revising the Japan-US Nuclear Energy Agreement.
Although the Japanese government relieved by the automatic extension of the Japan-US Nuclear Energy Agreement, it has to be clear about how it plans to use the 47 tons of plutonium to address the concerns of the international community.
In addition, the extended agreement will be terminated if any party, whether the US or Japan, issues a notice six months in advance. This has become a secret worry for the Japanese government to implement the nuclear policy.
Disclaimer: The author is Ji Yong with the Legal Daily. The article is published on the Legal Daily on July 16. It is translated from Chinese into English and edited by the China Military online. The information, ideas or opinions appearing in this article are those of the author and do not reflect the views of eng.chinamil.com.cn. Chinamil.com.cn does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same. If the article carries photographs or images, we do not vouch for their authenticity.
A native of the Rhineland, Katharina Götz studied English and French literature in Bonn and France, subsequently specialising in Cultural Management through practice-based postgraduate studies. Already at this time, she took over the management of Konrad Junghänel's vocal ensemble Cantus Cölln, after which she worked with conductor Thomas Hengelbrock and his Balthasar Neumann Ensemble. Here, amongst other things, she managed the singing division of the artistic operations office and was additionally responsible for the acquisition of concerts abroad, thus steadily building up her reputation as project manager of tours, opera and concert events within the German and international music scenes. This experience would ultimately lead to her founding her own successful artist agency. Other important formative stops in her career include the Salzburg and Bayreuth Festivals, the Royal Opera House in London, the Baden-Baden Festspielhaus, the Théâtre des Champs Elysées in Paris, Monte Carlo, Tonhalle Zurich, the Lucerne Festival and the Lincoln Center New York. Her career includes significant collaborations with René Jacobs, Teodor Currentzis, Ivor Bolton, Philippe Arlaud, the Mahler Chamber Orchestra, the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra and the Academy for Early Music, amongst others. Important projects include the staging of "Norma" with Cecilia Bartoli at the Konzerthaus Dortmund, working closely with Pina Bausch at the Opéra National de Paris and resurrecting forgotten operas such as Steffani's "Niobe" at the Schwetzinger Festspiele. As part of the opera management team at the State Theatre of Wiesbaden, she is responsible for casting and artistic production management.
Get ready! They’re here! Take your seat in Cornucopia’s Coliseum, and enjoy the comic fanfares and heroic adventures of the first sporting super-stars in history. A select band of trainee fighters ready to protect their chosen land from monsters, invasions and every kind of disturbance cooked up by Rome, ruled by the strict Emperor Gluteus Maximus.
Alan Cook Stenhousemuir A winger with the skills to win games by himself, Cook just needed to recognise how best to utilise his talents and do so on a consistent basis. Ryan Edwards Partick Thistle It was clear to see last season that Edwards had the enthusiasm - he must be one of the fittest players in the league - he just needed to impose himself more on games when Thistle were in possession.
Forbes has always been capable of producing moments of magic, even when he was a youngster at Motherwell.
Request for RPP - consideration of a request to DDOT that it designate the block of Kalorama Road NW between 17th Street and Ontario Road as RPP (residential parking program) and take out the meters along the block.
Argonne Place appeals - consideration of a resolution to appeal to the Board of Zoning Adjustment the issuance of permits on 1630, 1632, and 1634 Argonne Place NW.
Housing counseling funds - consideration of a resolution opposing the Mayor’s proposed major funding cuts to community-based organizations providing housing counseling services to low-income residents, seniors, and veterans in our neighborhood.
(note: consideration of the BZA application on the Jubilee Housing Project, 1724 Kalorama Rd. NW, will be deferred to our December ANC meeting)
2. After adopting a motion to place the issue on the agenda despite the lack of 10-day notice, approved a resolution to send a letter to the Mayor and DDOT Director urging that the process on guidelines for installation of small cell technology be slowed to allow adequate notice, review and input from the public and ANCs by a vote of 4-0-1.
3. Approved a resolution to send a letter of support for the proposed residence at 1706 Florida Ave NW to the Historic Preservation Review Board by a vote of 5-0-0.
4. Approved a resolution opposing the proposed rear addition to 2343 Ashmead Pl NW to be heard by the Historic Preservation Review Board by a vote of 4-0-1.
5. Approved a resolution in support of renaming the portion of 16th St. NW between Fuller St. NW and Euclid St. NW Jose Marti Way to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Cuban Embassy building by a vote of 5-0-0.
6. Approved a resolution requesting implementation of one-way traffic on the 1800 blocks of Kalorama Rd NW and Wyoming Ave. NW and traffic calming measures for those blocks and the 1700 and 1800 blocks of California St. NW by a vote of 5-0-0.
Pithecia albicans has a restricted range in Brazil, occurring on the south bank of the Solimes, between the Rios Tef and Purs.
This species is endemic to Somalia, and is restricted to coastal areas. It is known to occur in the area around Mogadishu and on the southern coastline areas.
This species is endemic but widely distributed in the Himalaya of northeastern Pakistan (Baltistan and Hazara districts) and northwestern India (Jammu and Kashmir) at an altitudinal range of 1,980 to 3,350 m asl (Musser and Carleton 2005).
Risk management is an important effort that must be done by every company including Islamic banking, in an effort to minimize losses due to risks that occur. The effort that should be done by Islamic banks in channeling the financing is risk management. Risk management is an effort made by people or institutions in anticipating problems that could arise in a job or business. Risk management in sharia banks has been regulated by Indonesian banks in order to maintain the existence and improve the quality of sharia banks. SWOT strategy that can be done is to strengthen the internal regulation of banks, recruit competent employees, maximum revitalization and tight, build a reliable risk management system, prioritize financing in the sector of SME / SME, do emotional service, improve the ability of FRM, the implementation of office channeling, strengthen the agreement clause.
An-Nisbah published by Faculty of Islamic Economic and Business is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License
The push-on acrylic swivel lid prevents leaks or spills and the tumbler fits in most cup holders so you can take it anywhere.
This tumbler is BPA-free tumbler features an 18/8 stainless steel construction with copper vacuum insulation.
Unbelievable discount ever for wholesale orders, contact us by mail if you order more than one doll !! you will be surprised at the wholesale price for sure!!
Material: head and 3/4 limbs for imported silicone materials production, the body of the fabric body, feel very soft; the limbs can be active, doll can sit or lie, can not stand, can not speak, can not be in water
Clothing: tailored according to the size of the doll. If clothes as in the pictures are out of stock, we will provide baby with a similar style, if you mind that, please do not place the order.
“The Next Potential Client for Your Biz is on Internet SEARCHING for You not on the Street as it use to be.”- Join ‪#‎Foskaay5Promo
In years to come all businesses will be online, its either you are there or out of business, says the Microsoft founder Bill Gate decades ago and it is now becoming realistic. Thus, Foskaay is rising to this challenge to rescue businesses from withering off due to competitors taking their customers while they have their two eyes opened. Let us give you a practical analysis of what this means to you and the future of your business.
Do you know that most prospects and even existing clients you are sitting down in your office waiting for now prefer to buy from online shops like Jumia/Konga etc. that they were once skeptical about before now? YES is the answer in capital. WHILE?
There are different reasons to this but we will open your eyes to general reasons cutting across almost any business either into services or product/production.
With business websites online, prospects can visit and review the products or services they are about to purchase/pay for anytime with anyone (family at home, colleagues at work, friends on pitch and so on) at the comfort of their phone or PC without direct interaction with store/business owner offline. After which they pull out their ATM, make payment (or use pay on delivery option) and then await the delivery of the product/service at their door step (home, office etc.) or via their email, whatsapp or phone without interfering with the pursuit of their daily bread and businesses. BUT it is not possible for them to browse features of products/services at 10:30pm when your offline office has been closed by 6pm or lately by 10pm neither will they get things delivered at their convenience except they skip few minutes or hours of work time to come for shopping.
Your business relies on experience and experty to convince and convert prospect to faithful client but you only do that via calls. Another business does the same with less experience but has great high converting sales page for the products/services they render online via a business website. The client can take the online content anywhere (to board meeting, to convince their boss, to create awareness) even for presentation and it makes them build trust and reliability with the business even before payment.
The other day I was on Facebook when a friend posted how he got a dry cleaner using online business directories. At least one prospect converted to client that day which wouldn’t have been possible if the business had no online presence via business website. Guess opportunities you and your business/organization are missing. The next client is on internet not on the street as it use to be.
“The Next Potential Client for Your Biz is on Internet SEARCHING for You not on the Street as it use to be”–Foskaay .Join ‪#‎Foskaay5Promo
With above and other unlisted reasons you might have come by yourself, it is clear that the next booming businesses will of no doubt have strong, active and functional online presence starting and ending with a BUSINESS WEBSITE.
Every business should be online to tap into the unlimited blessing and avenue to reach existing customers and prospects. Therefore, FOSKAAY “a notable brand in ICT world in Nigeria” currently under the business name FOSKAAY ENTERPRISES / FOSKAAY GROUP introduces to you the first of it kind opportunity to give your business and online presence via your own BUSINESS WEBSITE with following features and rare to find bonuses and 24 hours customer support.
Unlimited Blog/News/Update section integration (so you don’t just have a static website, you also engage with your prospects/customers via promo offers, tips, programmes, news and lot more)
Contact Form (delivers in less than 10 seconds to your email of choice and with auto response instantly: e.g. a prospect sends you message via the contact form as seen below)
Auto-Response (instantly): Thanks for contacting us at YourbizName. We have received your message and you will get response soonest.
Unlimited 1 year Hosting/Storage Space (fairly usage of 8GB applies. Need more? please state before order)
BONUS5: Your Business qualifies for discounted price on getting real Instagram/twitter followers for the business social accounts.
All type of businesses with less need of huge online resources. Kindly browse through the features, and if you are okay with it, then your business qualifies to apply while the promo last.
Create a mail or send whatsapp message (to 07066052228) with subject “Am in for Foskaay5Promo” with message body describing your business and what you want designed for you online to Olasunkanmi @ foskaaygroup.com and we will get back to you with further details.
NOTE: Don’t take this 100% discounted promo lightly to expose your business more to potential customers. Remember it is only open to first FIVE (5)SMEs only.
Test by dialing 07066052228. We help convert your callertunez to the one that advertise your business to your callers. N2,500 instead of N5,000
Get a professionally designed Sales page with squeeze page to harvest email, phone number etc. and then redirect to sales page and also remarket to saved contacts. Upto free 1,000 space for 1,000 contact comes with the design. N15,000 instead of N50,000
It will end by 12th (Friday) of February, 2016. Remember that it is limited to 5 People/Businesses per offer, once the first 5 paid, that offer closes. Thus, waiting till ending date may be disappointing.
FOSKAAY ENTERPRISES is a CAC Registered Company with RC 2231640 since 2012. You are dealing with reliable company!
To send flowers to the family of Gail Patricia Greeno (Worth), please visit our Heartfelt Sympathies Store.
© Copyright All-AboutYou All Rights Reserved. Home | Add Link | Links to Us | Privacy | TOS | Contact Us
Notes: The weight info and size info of above products are measured by hand, there can be slightly inaccuracy. your order is welcomed under the premise that you accept it. Thank you!
1.We accept Alipay, West Union, TT. All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor ESCROW.
2. If you can\'t checkout immediately after auction close, please wait for a few minutes and retry Payments must be completed within 3 days, otherwise, the order will unfortunately be closed automatically.
2. Orders will be processed timely after the payment verification. Generally Tracking information is available within 5-10 days.
6. If you have not received your shipment within the period, please contact us. We will track the shipment and get back to you as soon as possible with a reply. Customer satisfaction is our permanent pursuit of goals!
8. It usually takes 15-60 days for delivery, We do not guarantee delivery time on all international shipments due to differences in customs clearing times in individual countries
9. The shipping cost does not include any import taxes, and buyers are responsible for customs duties
10. BR buyer please provide the cpf or cnpj, it will be better for you to get it more quickly. thanks!
3. We will refund YOUR FULL WINNING BID AMOUNT, upon receipt of the item in its original condition and packaging with all components and accessories included, AFTER BOTH Buyer and Seller cancel the transaction from aliexpress. OR, you may choose to have a replacement.
We maintain high standards of excellence and strive for 100% customer satisfaction! Feedback is very important We request that you contact us immediately BEFORE you give us neutral or negative feedback, so that we can satisfactorily address your concerns.
The world famous Tall volcano and the Tall Lake are surely wonderful sites to visit for many people from all over the world.You can also find different kind of colorful festivals in here, such as the much gusto.View all the live streaming video cameras operating in the Philippines.Watch live streaming broadcast quality Philippines cameras showcasing famous and well known landmarks in the Philippines.Check out the people or weather on White Beach with this live streaming webcam.Suspected child webcam cybersex operator, David Timothy Deakin, from Peoria, Ill., waits following his arrest as investigators gather evidence during a raid at his home in Mabalacat, Philippines on April 20, 2017. Penciled on the wall, someone had scrawled "My Mom and Dad love me" and a broken heart.Earth Cam partnered with Travel Online to bring you live views of Boracay from the Red Coconut Beach Hotel.Boracay, an island in the Philippines, has some of the best beaches - including the ever-popular White Beach, which is famous for its amazing sunsets and white sand that stays cool even in hot weather.
Deakin’s arrest April 20 reveals one of the darkest corners of the internet, where pedophiles in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia pay facilitators on the other side of the world to sexually abuse children, even babies, directing their moves through online livestreaming services.The relatively new crime of webcam sex tourism is spreading rapidly, with new digital technologies sparking what the United Nations calls an "alarming growth of new forms of child sexual exploitation online." The FBI says it’s epidemic, and that at any given moment, 750,000 child predators are online.The Philippines has an interesting history under British, Spanish and American rule which has left many Western influences in the architecture, culture and language.The webcams here include a number of great laid-back beach locations.
When you have a company that sticks to their word and be available when you need them, it will speak volumes about them. Advandate has been very helpful in getting our old site converted to their software.
Members can constrain their interactions to the online space, or they can arrange a date to meet in person.
UNIGRAZONLINE. With UNIGRAZonline you can organise your studies at Graz University. Please go to the following link: https://online.uni-graz.
English Version 1 UNIGRAZONLINE With UNIGRAZonline you can organise your studies at Graz University. Please go to the following link: https://online.uni-graz.at You can choose between a German and an English
If students are to learn desired outcomes in a reasonably effective manner, then teacher s fundamental task is to get students to engage in learning activities Das that are likely to result in their achieving
Simple operation and easy to install. Providing thermal protection and monitoring. Suitable for all kinds of usages.
WszystkieMotoryzacjaNieruchomościPracaUsługi i firmyZwierzętaElektronika i AGDNarzędzia i maszynyMuzyka i filmSportWypoczynekDom i ogródModa i zdrowieŚlubneDla dzieciNauka i książkiTowarzyskiePozostałe