Buy women’s winter jackets online at Fashionmia.com. A variety of fashion women’s jackets for you with latest trendy style and color, find women’s fashion jackets with big discount right now! Lapel Fashion Zips Plain Faux Leather Biker . US$ 29.95US$29.95. Ships in 24 Hours. Collarless Peplum Zips Plain Jacket. womens leather
Find the cheapest prices on the best women's motorcycle jackets with Riders Discount. We offer premium mesh, textile, and leather motorcycle jackets!
In an era dominated by technology, it is only natural that luxury shopping is moving online. Initially, many traditional retailers were hesitant to make the move to the web, afraid that customers
In its elegant, modern setting, the Gucci Caffè restaurant, on the top floor of the Gucci store, is the perfect spot for a lunch break or just to savour a moment of relaxation after a day’s shopping among the big names at The Mall Firenze outlet centre.
To provide the best shopping experience, our site uses cookies to store information. By continuing to browse you are accepting our Cookie Policy.
The luxury shopping tour with personal shopper is a customized experience in search of luxury that will make you feel like a queen in Venice. Make a wish and our personal shopper will help you to make it …
Shop luxury italian brands shoes and bags at the best price available on internet. Discount up to -75% and free shipping!
Read Italian Luxury for Woman Reviews and Customer Ratings on Italian Luxury for Woman Reviews, Shoes, Luggage & Bags, Top-Handle Bags, Buckets Reviews and more at Aliexpress.com. Buy Cheap Italian Luxury for Woman Now.
All Top Clothing Designers in One Online Store - Spring-Summer 2018 Fashion Collection. Raffaello Network is proud to present the 2018 Spring/Summer collection, showcasing over 150 designers, and to confirm its position as number-one online store for the largest choice of designer clothing available today.
Shop Designer Clothing Online from the Spring/Summer 2015 Collection and find a wide Selection of Top Fashion Brands such as Gucci, Prada, Fendi and Dolce & Gabbana. Raffaello Network is an Online Store featuring Designer Shoes, Handbags and Clothing for Men, Women and Kids as well as accessories such as Ties, Wallets and Belts. An Outlet Department is also available.
Opened over a century ago, this boutique has been offering multi-brand luxury kidswear that has evolved to with its buyers. The classic is combined with the modern to create a unique shopping experience.
Shop top designer handbags and shoes at FORZIERI. A curated selection of women's purses, men's bags, designer shoes, jewelry and fashion accessories from the best luxury brands
Eleonorabonucci.com Official Website online boutique. The shop has clothing footwear and accessories collections for men and woman of great international fashion brands. Customer service attentive to every need of the customer.
For Italian designer jewellery that is luxury yet still affordable, have a look at Co.Ro. Jewels. Other than that, for more highstreet brands yet not super known, I would try Discount Designer Fashion Outlet - Deals up to 70% Off - they also feature Italian designers (clothes and jewellery).
Authentic Designer Clothing & More. If you’re looking for some of the most elegant, high-quality and authentic designer consignment, LUX is here to provide you with some of …
Online shopping Italy's best designer bags from Amazon. Buy bags and wallets from companies like Armani, Bottega Veneta and Gucci. Check out our blog and news.
Buy Italian Food and Gift Baskets online from igourmet.com! Please visit our online store and go shopping at the number one imported food delivery service in the USA. Perhaps the most popular cuisine in the United States, Italian Food is so much more than pizza and pasta.
Read Italian Luxury 2017 Reviews and Customer Ratings on luxury new designer, luxury designer new, 2017 fashion luxury, 2017 luxury fashion Reviews, Shoes, Luggage & Bags, Top-Handle Bags, Buckets Reviews and more at Aliexpress.com. Buy Cheap Italian Luxury 2017 Now.
online shopping available Be advised that changing your location while shopping will remove all the contents from your shopping bag. Ship to: United States Change Country/Region
So how does Italist revolutionize and reinvent the online distribution of Italian luxury multi-brand retailers? It carries high fashion items (clothes, shoes and accessories) from over 200 Italian fashion luxury boutiques integrated in its platform and sells at the best prices possible: 30% less than average online marketplaces and off-line retail prices.
The pervasive belief was that luxury shoppers, with their discriminating taste and preference for high-priced goods, wouldn’t buy expensive things online; they would always opt for the personalized customer service and tactile shopping experience that monobrand brick-and-mortar stores provide.
Welcome to Italydesign.com's Outlet Store where we offer floor samples and discontinued items from Italy's top design brands at fabulous savings in stock for immediate availability.
Buy online a.testoni craft designer shoes, exclusive and unique creations representing the Italian excellence worldwide since 1929.
shopping online BySymphony is the Middle East’s home of international luxury fashion online, Curated BySymphony, especially for you. BySymphony brings luxury fashion to the region with a wide range of international designers such as Alexander McQueen , Bottega Veneta , Balenciaga , Gucci , Saint Laurent , Stella McCartney , Valentino , and
Italian Luxury Group presents, Christmas Gift 2017 with Our Synthetic Crystal. Original gift for your friends and family, buy online or order by email.
Daad Dantone is a Milan famous multibrand shop in the most exclusive shopping area in Milan. The brand aims to explore ways of being, wearing clothes and living the city. Daad Dantone expand its offering towards a wide range of upmost innovative selection of brands combined with some famous ones.
Online shopping is currently available in U.S., Canada, Europe, Middle East, Japan, Korea, China, Hong Kong, Australia and New Zealand. If you have a local residence in one of these markets for delivery and would like to shop online: Change your country Otherwise, continue using our International Site.
Online shopping a variety of best italian luxury homes at DHgate.com. Buy cheap black white silver paintings online from China today! We offers italian luxury homes products. Enjoy fast delivery, best quality and cheap price. Free worldwide shipping available!
Enter the world of Tod’s and discover the excellence of quality and craftsmanship Made in Italy, in the unique style of shoes, bags and accessories.
Discover the wide selection of Scarosso's elegant leather shoes and accessories for Men and Women: the best Made in Italy quality meets style!
Find a new Philadelphia Eagles jacket at Fanatics. Display your spirit with an officially licensed Philadelphia Eagles pullover, fleece jacket, leather jacket, and more from the ultimate sports store.
Compare prices on Philadelphia Flyers Jackets and other Philadelphia Flyers Apparel. Save money on Flyers Jackets by browsing leading online retailers. Choose from the selection of Philadelphia Flyers jackets and coats.
Philadelphia fans aren't the only ones who can't get their fill of Super Bowl championship memorabilia. The Eagles' players want in on the surfeit of champs gear as well. Take Beau Allen for example. A true man of the people, Allen tweeted his desire for this absolutely beautiful leather jacket
Leather Jackets Philadelphia - 273 results from brands JH Design, Mitchell & Ness, NFL, products like Philadelphia Phillies G-III Sports by Carl Banks 2X World Series Champions Wool & Leather Jacket - Red, Men's, Size: Large, JH Design Philadelphia 76ers Red Domestic Two-Tone Wool and Leather Jacket, NBA Men's Philadelphia 76ers JH Design Red Domestic Two-Tone Wool and Leather Jacket
Flyers Leather Jacket - 74 results from brands JH Design, Excelled, Ashworth, products like JH Design Philadelphia Flyers Black Jacket, Philadelphia Flyers Knuckleball Faux Leather Varsity Jacket – Black, Men's, Size: Medium, John Ownbey G-1 G1 Leather Flight Flyer's Bomber Military Jacket, Brown.
Shop Philadelphia Flyers from the Official Reebok Store. Free Shipping on all orders over $49. Shop Today!
General public wellness gets near in direction of palliative concern happen to have been habitually escalating in practice approval and insurance plan relevance. As described by our world overall health Business, palliative health care is truly an method that seeks at treating battling and making improvements to the caliber of life of households and clientele that experience everyday life-damaging illnesses.custom writing service Dame Cicely Saunders shaped the present day idea of palliation therapy at the begining of twentieth century, precisely where she reviewed “total pain”, just like interplay of psychosocial, faith based, and body strains. (more…)
Expanding internet business business straight into a new regional region mandates motivation and meticulous planning in the whole method via the operations. The front runners of a service provider are in most instances involved in the battle of increasing their firm’s industry procedures into new territories from the linked concerns troubles.read review This pieces of paper covers the procedure of broadening an organization straight into a new vicinity or region by emphasizing the chief considerations until the enlargement an the way to the latter. These elements contain; the readiness of this organization to growth, difference between actual and potential customers from the new place, the imagined competitors and also other risky exterior variables that can alter the organization. (more…)
SpamTitan utilizes a number of first-party and third party rulesets for capturing Spam. When viewing the Spam Tests that trigger on a mail, it can often be confusing what the Spam Test is actually doing. Here is a compilation of the descriptions of the rules utilized in SpamTitan. This includes our most common third party rulesets as well (such as KAM).
Not all SpamTests listed on this page are utilized in every SpamTitan install. A subset of these rules come out of the box, and the rest must be enabled. This is due to some of them being more aggressive. This helps the spam catch rate, however it can also cause false positives, which is why they aren't enabled by default.
Any rule not found in this list may be from a third party ruleset that we don't maintain. See the last section on this page.
URIBL_BLOCKED = ADMINISTRATOR NOTICE: The query to URIBL was blocked. See http://wiki.apache.org/spamassassin/DnsBlocklists\#dnsbl-block for more information.
DOS_RCVD_IP_TWICE_C = Received from the same IP twice in a row (only one external relay; empty or IP helo)
RCVD_IN_DNSWL_BLOCKED = ADMINISTRATOR NOTICE: The query to DNSWL was blocked. See http://wiki.apache.org/spamassassin/DnsBlocklists\#dnsbl-block for more information.
KAM_LINKBAIT = Short messages containing little more than a link, from a domain with no security in place
ST_SPACED_EMAILS = Body contains email addresses that are space separated at the dots and/or the at symbol
ST_TOO_MANY_NBSP = A large number of non-breaking space characters are used in a row, with spaces in between
Sometimes other third party rulesets aimed at a specific style of Spam are introduced to a SpamTitan system. These aren't developed or maintained by us, and we cannot offer direct explanation of the rules provided by these ruleset providers.
The terms account and sub-account are organizational units within Curve. Every instance of Curve has the potential to contain a hierarchy of accounts and sub-accounts but starts out with just one account (referred to as the top-level account).
Once a hierarchy has been created, admins can be assigned to specific sub-accounts to limit their scope of what they can change as well as making the courses and people they manage more specific and relevant to them.
Permissions trickle down through the hierarchy but not up. Admins at one level (or account) in the hierarchy have admin permissions at that level as well as in any sub-account of that account. Admins can move courses within their sub-accounts, but not between them unless they are also the admin of the parent account of each sub-account.
With the exception of Terms, SIS Imports, Authentication and a few account settings, most settings and items can be modified or, in the case of permissions, overridden in a sub-account.
Welcome to helplinecontactnumber, direct call conection service. helplinecontactnumber is not associated in any way with any company listed on this website. Calls cost 7p per minute from a BT landline other networks may vary (Calls from mobiles will cost more). Our call costs vary so please be sure to check the price stated next to the phone number provided. If you are unsure of your network costs we strongly advise contacting your network supplier before using our service. Bill payers must be 18 years and over and have the bill payers permission before making the call. Please read and agree to these terms before using our service. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.
Virgin Media TV is a digital cable television service that Virgin Media provides in the United Kingdom. It is the second largest provider of pay TV services in the United Kingdom behind BSkyB. The company boasts of more than 3.6 million subscribers. It began operations as Virgin Media’s content subsidiary. Some of the wholly owned channels that it operated include Challenge, Trouble, LIVING and Bravo.
Subscribers are free to subscribe to the television services that Sky offers, which include sports and movies.
Virgin Media TV provides subscribers with several services or packages. The fiber optic cable TV package is one of the most popular because of the 230 channels that subscribers can watch. Out of the 230 channels, 47 are in HD or high definition. Subscribers have access to the TiVo service, which entitles them to live pausing, rewinding and recording television programs and movies. The Premium Pay TV is available to customers upon paying a fee as little as £5.
Moreover, the company has several deals that it provides at any given moment. Therefore, it is important to visit the official company website and learn about the latest deals that allow you to save money. Currently, some of the deals worth the money that can help subscribers to save money include Big Kahuna Bundle and M+ TV as well as Big Bang Bundle. The deals each have specific and unique features. Visit the official website to learn more about each deal.
The cable television deals that the company provides go for as little as £3.50. Moreover, all the content and entertainment that customers receive on television enjoy powering through fiber optic cables. A large portion of the channels that customers can watch provide 3D as well as High Definition programming. Instant access to on-demand content is possible through TiVo’s digital video recorder or DVR.
The number to call to speak with the customer service representative at Virgin Media TV is 0808 168 8217. However, the company has several numbers for subscribers to call when in need of different types of solutions to their problems. Customer service is reachable for making complaints regarding any issue such as broadband, account, billing, Phone, mobile and TV. The customer service is available to call when moving, buying and upgrading homes.
Regardless of the problem or issue that you want to raise with Virgin Media TV, it is worth remembering that you can make calls between 8am and midnight every day. It is advisable to check the availability of staff at the customer service before placing the call.
Share with us the experience of the Virgin Media TV Australia Services (waiting times, courtesy, professionalism, etc.), the price of customer retention promotions & valuable tips for the benefit of all customers.
Blurred vision a 0.4mg progesterone and prednisone together effects. and flomax the same does make you sterile wirkungseintritt.Is warfarin a generic for is a vitamin k antagonist progesterone ivf dosage prometrium clopidogrel can.Learn more about coaching today and explore your real potential, get a closer look at coaching, what it is and how it works.Amlodipine (as besylate, mesylate or maleate) is a medication used to lower blood pressure and prevent chest pain.
An award-winning journalist, bestselling author, motivational speaker, and women's health & wellness advocate, Joan Lunden has been a trusted voice in American homes for more than 30 years. For nearly two decades, Lunden greeted viewers each morning on Good Morning America bringing insight to the day’s top stories. As the longest running female host ever on early morning television, Lunden reported from 26 countries, covered 5 presidents, 5 Olympics, and kept Americans up to date on how to care for their homes, their families, and their health. Read More
Bridging the conservation genetics gap by identifying barriers to uptake for conservation practitioners — Conservation/Ecology: Concurrent Session
Geneagraphie - Families all over the world - created and maintained by Hans Weebers Copyright © 2007-2018 All rights reserved.
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding v.12.0.1, written by Darrin Lythgoe © 2001-2018.
Daytime running lights have become a mandatory option for all vehicles, their presence provided by the manufacturer. But the factory LED DRL are very decent, though composed of a pair of lamps with wires.
But a complete set of my Duster, they were not included, despite the fact that it was almost the maximum. The search for alternative ways to relieve the machine generator led me to a hybrid deployment lamps for cars .
By car the individual running lights are usually placed at the top or bottom of the radiator grille, taking another place on the front of cars.
That is, the front turns a decent set of different lamps, occupying a lot of space. Leaving only the primary and eliminate the fog and driving lights, the list will be reduced. In our not very favorable road conditions are very likely to break the stone something of a head light cars. I’m a fan of the principle, the simpler the better.
Already there is nothing not possible, try to put fans tuning a hybrid lighting equipment on your car, cluttering the car lights. Some motorists have long been trying to establish in the front dimensions w5w LED lamp high power, but it should not do, because the constructive dimension can not fulfill the DRL function.
To find the above mentioned Chinese two-color lamp post in a search engine query «smd 7443 Switchback». Since this news from China, the price can be very different in each store.
The first method. Modern techniques allow one LED diode lamp consist of three elements emitting three primary light, so-called RGB:. Red, green, blue. By mixing these colors, you can get all the colors of the rainbow. This technology has long been used in the color design of premises and is already beginning to take root in the car.
The second way. The small size of the ice diodes enable compact place white diodes, yellow light, and include them in turn or simultaneously.
The third way. Adjustable brightness of the fog lights LED, low brightness make of them DRL. Their brightness is much easier to control, because current consumption is less than 10 times, and do not need to have powerful the controller to control them.
Great light, with LED element, which combines the turn signal, marker lights and running lights. When installing instead of regular lights will not have problems and do not change the principle of the inclusion of the car interior, the driver will have to use as a conventional headlamp.
Who lights hybrid rare for sale, and mostly abroad. A new step in technology opens up new possibilities for tuning and improvement of vehicle operation safety. Probably vehicle manufacturer will soon introduce a new product directly to your assembly line.
Sergey Kazancev - share experiences, give recommendations and practical advice on the choice of LED bulbs for home and cars, for LED strips, spotlights, downlights. Sorry, my English is bad. I translate using "Google Translate"
© 2014-2016 LED lamps for home and car, LED strip and LED. Reviews, reviews, tests, comparison. All rights reserved.
The Holy Synod of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church (BOC) at a session Monday has decided to engage in establishing the canonical status of the Macedonian Orthodox Church (MOC) and to represent before local Orthodox churches.
“The Holy Synod, given that the Macedonian Orthodox Church (MOC) recognizes the Bulgarian Orthodox Church (BOC) – Bulgarian Patriarchate as its Mother Church, has decided that the BOC, assuming its holy duty, accepts the responsibility to demonstrate utmost assistance by mediating and by representing itself before local Orthodox churches all the while taking all necessary measures to establish a canonical status of the MOC,” reads a decision on the BOC’s Holy Synod reached in relation to a letter sent by the MOC on Nov. 9.
The Bulgarian Orthodox Church (BOC) – Bulgarian Patriarchate has never been indifferent to the hardships of the Macedonian Orthodox Church, adds the decision.
The BOC Holy Synod decided to set a committee of bishops tasked with negotiating with the Macedonian Orthodox Church.
The synod of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church convened today to discuss the letter of the Macedonian Orthodox Church requesting recognition of its autocephaly and eucharistic unity with the BOC.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (1) January 2018 (19) December 2017 (65) November 2017 (49) October 2017 (129) September 2017 (140) August 2017 (204) July 2017 (178) June 2017 (201) May 2017 (259) April 2017 (187) March 2017 (243) February 2017 (210) January 2017 (137) December 2016 (199) November 2016 (198) October 2016 (317) September 2016 (50) August 2016 (10) July 2016 (10) June 2016 (14) May 2016 (11) April 2016 (11) March 2016 (27) February 2016 (60) January 2016 (160) December 2015 (137) November 2015 (234) October 2015 (213) September 2015 (220) August 2015 (115) July 2015 (252) June 2015 (293) May 2015 (301) April 2015 (280) March 2015 (331) February 2015 (297) January 2015 (237) December 2014 (328) November 2014 (18) October 2014 (261) September 2014 (293) August 2014 (165) July 2014 (474) June 2014 (405) May 2014 (518) April 2014 (614) March 2014 (507) February 2014 (510) January 2014 (421) December 2013 (476) November 2013 (542) October 2013 (619) September 2013 (261) January 2013 (19) December 2012 (53) November 2012 (126) October 2012 (130) September 2012 (124) August 2012 (99) July 2012 (180) June 2012 (193) May 2012 (132)
This material may not be stored, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior express permission of Kurir News Agency.
6th grade grammar worksheets pdf a worksheet math word problem with answer key 7th english answers,7th grade grammar worksheets with answers pdf capitalization 4th adverbs 6th,free 5th grade grammar worksheets pdf subject predicate 2nd rd on new high,3rd grade english grammar worksheets pdf multiple meaning words worksheet 5th commas,4th grade grammar punctuation worksheets to learning a free esl 1 pdf,first grade grammar 3rd worksheets 5th correction types of sentences,6th grade grammar worksheets common core nouns complete sentences 5th pdf,7th grade grammar worksheets 3rd subject predicate 2nd nouns com wiring,4th grade grammar worksheets types of sentences 6th correction 5th free,5th grade grammar proofreading worksheets 3rd english pdf fifth 2nd articles.
We are able to engrave this family crest for Sterr or any other one you may have. Just send it to us with your order, or let us know where to find it and that is what we would engrave for you on the ring of your choice.
Because of the fine job you did on the Bishop's ring you did for me, the Bishop of Rochester wants one.
“invention” means any manner of new manufacture and every new process of manufacture and every new method of application of known processes and improvements in any known process;
Every inventor shall be entitled under the conditions and restrictions hereinafter enacted to the sole exclusive right of and in his invention.
The right and privilege granted to inventors shall be conferred by letters patent under the seal of Fiji in the prescribed form whereby the inventor shall be entitled to the sole and exclusive privilege of using, selling or making his said invention in Fiji and of authorising others so to do for the term of fourteen years from the date of the letters patent. (Amended by 26 of 1967 s.2.)
and any person interested may make a an application to the Supreme Court on any such grounds for the cancellation of revocation of any letters patent. (Amended by 30 of 1959, s. 2.)
Every person desirous of obtaining letters patent under this Act shall file in the office of the Administrator-General a petition in the prescribed form signed by him or his agent or attorney setting forth the residence of the inventor and the title of the invention. To the petition shall be annexed a specification (or instrument in writing) particularly describing and ascertaining the nature of the said invention and the manner in which the same is to be produced or performed, and with such specification or instrument in writing shall be filed the drawings necessary to elucidate the same, and such petition and all documents and drawings accompanying the same shall be in duplicate.
7. Every petition and specification particularly describing the nature of an invention shall be accompanied by a declaration in writing signed by the petitioner or his agent or attorney for him in the prescribed form.
The Administrator-General shall cause to be filed every petition and specification with accompanying drawings, if any, explaining the nature of any invention and also any certificate granted by the Attorney-General and every letters patent issued and a memorandum of any order relating thereto.
Such records shall be open to the inspection of all persons at any reasonable hour upon the payment of a fee of one dollar, and any person may have a copy of any document recorded on payment for the same at the rate of ten cents for every folio of seventy-two words. (Amended by 30 of 1959, s. 5.)
Copies of any documents so recorded certified as correct by the Administrator-General shall be received in evidence in any court of law in Fiji.
A specification may be amended on application to the Administrator-General or, if the Administrator- General refuses to allow such amendment, the same may be amended by leave of the Attorney-General, and an amended specification shall, except as to suits and proceedings pending at the date of amendment, have the same effect as though it had been the specification originally filed:
Provided that no extension or enlargement of any exclusive privilege before acquired shall be affected by such amendment.
When any applicant has filed his petition for letters patent the Administrator-General shall refer the same to the Attorney-General* with one of the duplicates of such petition and the specification and all other accompanying documents and drawings and a certificate of the filing of the petition, and the Attorney- General* shall, if he deems the invention as prima facie entitled to protection, issue a certificate to that effect as in the prescribed form, and the inventor shall, subject to the provisions of this Act be protected for a period of six months in like manner as by letters patent:
Provided nevertheless that it shall be competent to the Attorney-General* to extend the period of such protection pending the decision as to any opposition made to the granting of any letters patent as to him shall seem necessary.
If in any case the Attorney-General refuses to issue such certificate as hereinbefore provided an appeal shall lie from the decision of the Attorney-General so refusing such certificate to the Supreme Court who may direct the same to be issued by the Administrator- General in such manner and subject to such conditions and restrictions as shall seem fit:
(a) such application shall be made to the Supreme Court within one month from the time of the decision of the Attorney- General refusing a certificate being made known to the applicant for letters patent or to his agent or attorney;
(b) any certificate to be issued by direction of the Supreme Court shall be issued within three months from the date of such appeal and upon the issue of such certificate like proceedings shall be had and taken as if such certificate had been issued by the Attorney- General. (Amended by Order 7th October, 1970.)
Within two months of the issue of the certificate of the Attorney-General or, where the Attorney- General has refused to issue such certificate, from the date of issue of the same by the Administrator-General as provided in section 13, the applicant for letters patent shall give notice in the prescribed form twice in the Gazette and twice in one other newspaper published in Fiji and, if no notice of opposition to the application for letters patent be sent to the Administrator-General within three months of the date of publication of the last of such notices, the Administrator-General shall report such fact to the Attorney-General and Attorney-General shall, within three months from the date of such report, cause letters patent to be issued with such reservations, provisos and conditions as may be deemed fit. (Amended by 30 of 1959, s. 9 and 26 of1967, s. 6 and Order 7th October, 1970.)
Any person desiring to oppose such application shall within three months of the date of the first notice of the application for letters patent provided for in section 14 give notice in writing of his opposition to such application and of the grounds thereof to the Administrator-General who shall, after hearing the parties to and against such application and such witnesses as he may deem necessary, decide the same and intimate his decision to the Attorney-General who shall within three months from the date of such intimation, if the same be favourable to the person holding a provisional certificate, direct the issue of letters patent to such person with such reservations, provisos and conditions as may be meet. In case the decision be adverse to the party holding the provisional certificate he may appeal against such decision to the Supreme Court which shall within three months from the date of such appeal either direct the issue of letters patent to the appellant subject to such reservations, provisos and conditions as it may deem fit or make such other order as may be meet.
Where upon application made under this Act letters patent are granted in Fiji in respect of any invention first invented in any other country or place and a patent or like privilege for the exclusive use of such invention has been granted in any such other country or place before the grant of letters patent in Fiji, all rights and privileges under such letters patent last mentioned shall (notwithstanding any term therein limited) cease and be void immediately upon the expiration or other determination of such patent or like privilege granted in such other country or place or, where more than one such patent or like privilege is obtained, then upon the expiration or other determination of the term which shall first expire or be determined of such several patents or like privileges:
Provided always that no letters patent shall be of any validity if issued for on in respect of any invention for which any such patent or like privilege as aforesaid shall have been obtained in any such other country or place and which shall be granted in Fiji after the expiration of the term for which such patent or privilege was granted or was in force. (Substituted by 7 of1882, s. 4.)
All letters patent and assignments of letters patent shall be registered in the office of the Administrator- General on payment to him of the prescribed fees. (Substitutedby 37 of1966, s. 62.)
Letters patent may be annulled by the Attorney- General if the same be proved to be prejudicial to the public interests or if the special conditions on which the same have been granted are not observed. Notice of any letters patent being annulled and the cause thereof shall be inserted in the Gazette.
No letters patent shall include several distinct and separate inventions but where one invention is applicable to the improvement of several manufactures or where several inventions are applicable to the improvement of one and the same manufacture the whole may be included in the same letters patent.
Any person intending to apply to the Supreme Court under the provisions of section 5 for cancellation or revocation of letters patent shall give at least one month’s notice of his intention to proceed under section 5 by notice in the Gazette and such notice shall be published in not less than three issues of the Gazette and the period of one month before mentioned shall commence from the date of the publication of the last of such notices and such publication shall be in lieu of service of any writ or process required by the rules of the Supreme Court.
If upon any of the grounds set out in section 5, the Supreme Court shall order any letters patent to be cancelled or revoked, a copy of such order shall be forthwith forwarded by the Chief Registrar of the Court to the Administrator-General who shall record the same, and all right under any letters patent so cancelled or revoked shall cease.
The Court may order any specification or petition to be amended and may reserve its decision for a time sufficient to allow of such amendment to be effected and thereafter give judgment on such terms as to costs and otherwise as may seem fit.
such grantee by assignment. transmission or other operation of law may apply to the Administrator- General within three years from the date of issue of the patent to have such patent registered in Fiji. Where any partial assignment or transmission has been made all proper parties shall be joined in the application for registration.
*24. Every application under the provisions of section 23 shall be accompanied by a certified copy of the specification or specifications, including drawings, if any, of the United Kingdom patent and a certificate of the Comptroller-General of the United Kingdom Patent Office giving full particulars of the issue of the patent on such specification or specifications. (* Inserted by 12 of 1924.)
*25.-(1) Upon such application being received together with the documents mentioned in section 24 the Administrator-General shall advertise the application in such manner as may be prescribed and any person may at any time within two months from the date of such advertisement give notice to the Administrator-General of opposition to the issue of a certificate of registration as though such notice were a notice under section 15 for opposition to the grant of letters patent. (* Inserted by 12 of 1924.)
(2) Where notice of opposition is given within the prescribed time the Administrator-General shall transmit a copy of the notice to the applicant and, after hearing both parties if desirous of being heard, shall decide on the case.
(3) If there is no opposition or, in the case of opposition, if the decision of the Administrator-General is in favour of the issue of the certificate of registration, the Administrator-General shall issue a certificate of registration.
*26. Such certificate of registration shall confer on the applicant privileges and rights subject to all conditions established by the law of Fiji as though the patent had been issued in the United Kingdom with an extension to Fiji.
*27. Privileges and rights so granted shall date from the date of the patent in the United Kingdom and shall continue in force only so long as the patent remains in force in the United Kingdom:
Provided that no action for infringement shall be entertained in respect of any manufacture, use or sale of the invention prior to the date of the issue of the certificate of registration in Fiji. (* Inserted by 12 of 1924.)
*28. The court shall have power, upon the application of any person who alleges that his interests have been prejudicially affected by the issue of a certificate of registration, to declare that the exclusive privileges and rights conferred by such certificate of registration have not be acquired on any of the grounds upon which the United Kingdom patent might be revoked under the law for the time being in force in the United Kingdom. Such grounds shall be deemed to include the manufacture, use or sale of the invention in Fiji before the priority date applicable to the patent in the United Kingdom, but not to include the manufacture. use or sale of the invention in Fiji by some person or persons after the priority date applicable to the patent in the United Kingdom and before the date of the issue of the certificate of registration under section 25. (* Inserted by 12 of 1924.) (Amended by 13 of1933, s. 2, and 4 of1956. s. 21.)
*29. Whenever the specifications or drawings of a United Kingdom patent registered in Fiji have been amended by way of disclaimer, correction or explanation according to the law of the United Kingdom, a request accompanied by. a copy of the specifications and drawings, if any, as amended duly certified by the Comptroller-General of the United
Kingdom Patent Office may be made to the Administrator- General to substitute a copy of the specifications and drawings as amended for the specifications and drawings originally filed. (* Inserted by 12 of 1924.)
*30. Where a person becomes entitled by assignment, transmission or other operation of law to the privileges and rights conferred by a certificate of registration or to any interest therein he may make application in the prescribed manner to the Administrator-General for the entry on the register of such assignment, transmission or other instrument affecting the title or giving an interest therein.
*31. The Attorney-General may make such general regulations and do such things as he may think expedient subject to the provisions of this Act for regulating procedure under this Act, and for prescribing the forms to be used and the fees to be paid in respect of proceedings under this Act. (* Inserted by 12 of 1924.) (Amended by 26 of 1967 s. 9.)
Applications made under the provisions of section 23 of the Act or registration in Fiji of patents granted in the United Kingdom shall be advertised once in the Gazette and once in a newspaper published and circulating in Fiji in Form 1 contained in the Schedule.
Applications for entry in the register under the provisions of section 30 of the Act shall be made in Form 2 contained in the Schedule:
Provided that the Administrator- General may in any particular case permit an application in any other form.
Every document giving effect to or being evidence of the assignment, transmission or devolution of the privileges and rights or interest specified in section 30 of the Act or affecting the proprietorship thereof, or any interest therein as claimed by an application under the said section, except such documents as are matters of record in, Fiji, shall, unless the Administrator-General otherwise directs, be produced to him together with the application and he may call for such other proof of title as he may think fit.
Notice is hereby given that an application has been made for the issue of a certificate of registration of Letters Patent herein under the provisions of section 23 of the Patents Act. Any person desirous of opposing such application is required to give notice of such opposition and of the ground thereof to the Administrator-General within two months from the date of the publication hereof.
hereby apply to have my/our name(s) entered in the reg proprietor(s) of the rights and privileges conferred by
(c) Official number of patent and date. Certificate of Registration numbered (c) ……………………………………………. and granted the……..
(e) Particulars of document under which applicant claims to be entitled. I/We claim to be so entitled by virtue of (e)
The fees specified in the Schedule shall be paid to the Administrator-General for the several matters referred to therein.
- month - November 2018 (3) October 2018 (4) September 2018 (1) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (1) June 2018 (3) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (1) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (2) November 2017 (2) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (3) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (1) May 2017 (4) April 2017 (3) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (2) November 2016 (3) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (5) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (2) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (9) October 2015 (7) September 2015 (11) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (11) June 2015 (14) May 2015 (16) April 2015 (24) March 2015 (19) February 2015 (25) January 2015 (45) December 2014 (41) November 2014 (31) October 2014 (37) September 2014 (37) August 2014 (48) July 2014 (72) June 2014 (65) May 2014 (95) April 2014 (203) March 2014 (199) February 2014 (121) January 2014 (106) December 2013 (99) November 2013 (76) October 2013 (77) September 2013 (55) August 2013 (59) July 2013 (43) June 2013 (35) May 2013 (38) April 2013 (39) March 2013 (4) February 2013 (12) January 2013 (8) December 2012 (17) November 2012 (6) October 2012 (6) September 2012 (6) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (7) June 2012 (12) May 2012 (6) April 2012 (11) February 2012 (3) January 2012 (52) December 2011 (26) November 2011 (7) October 2011 (15) September 2011 (18) August 2011 (2) July 2011 (17) May 2011 (4) April 2011 (26) March 2011 (41) February 2011 (9) January 2011 (4) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (37) October 2010 (28) September 2010 (6) June 2010 (3) July 2009 (4) June 2009 (26) May 2009 (23) April 2009 (5) March 2009 (5) February 2009 (6) January 2009 (24) December 2008 (38) November 2008 (2) September 2008 (6) August 2008 (6) July 2008 (1) June 2008 (1) April 2008 (5) March 2008 (4) February 2008 (1) March 2007 (1) January 2007 (2) April 2006 (3) June 2005 (3) May 2005 (5) April 2005 (26) - year - 2018 (21) 2017 (21) 2016 (21) 2015 (188) 2014 (1055) 2013 (545) 2012 (133) 2011 (169) 2010 (76) 2009 (93) 2008 (64) 2007 (3) 2006 (3) 2005 (34)
The Darien Lightweight Jackets unique design allows you to pack it into the lower-left pocket, making it easy to stow away in a backpack or glove...
Don't leave your house this spring without this stylish and practical lightweight jacket. Our Flint Jacket has technical know-how built right...
A fully packable jacket lets you bring the Egmont Packable Jacket everywhere you go. Easy to stow and ready to keep you dry when needed, the Egmont...
Dont worry about what Mother Nature has in store, just bring along the Kinny Packable Jacket. This versatile and durable garment has a water...
The Abula Short Sleeve Polo is great for teams, universities, golfers or anyone who wants to make sporty and stylish impression. Made from 100%...
The Dunlay polo has a three-button placket with dyed-to-match logo button. The form-fitting polo comes in eight different colors and can be worn as...
Express your inner athlete in our Prescott Short Sleeve Polo. Designed from 100% Micro polyester textured striped jersey knit with a wicking finish...
Advanced WEBTech; 100 wicking fabric offers breathable moisture management. Classic flat knit collar with long, slimming two-button placket...
The versatile Dade Polo has a classic look that never goes out of style. Available in nine colors, it offers great performance at a great price...
Look like a pro even if you don't play like one in our Jepson Polo top. The narrow coverstitch detail at the shoulders and sleeves give this...
The Caltech long-sleeve top has a quarter zip with contrast teeth allowing you to adjust your body temperature. The interior zipper flap protects...
Part of the award winning ONE Collection, the next ONE garment is the Knew Knit Half Zip. The Knew ONE breaks boundaries with its superior styling...
Ultra soft and comfortable, the Bodie is an essential tee for any corporate, food services, team and school. The Bodie Short Sleeve Tee features a...
Make a statement with your brand on this classic with a modern feel garment. The Yerba Knit Quarter Zip exudes style and features a moisture...
This 100% polyester jersey knit jacket has a brushed back detail and is equipped with mesh pocket bags. The Okapis versatility and 4 color options...
It just might be the perfect choice for those early spring days when the weather might not warm up. The Langley Knit Jacket is constructed of 100%...
For todays active lifestyle, this garment with its dramatic, modern styling makes an immediate statement. The Sonoma Hybrid Knit Jacket redefines...
The comfortable Rixford offers a classic look for chilly weather. Made with 100% polyester anti-pill microfleece, it features an interior thumb...
The Yosemite Knit Jacket combines bold color blocking, with a heathered and solid fabric, for a sporty retail look. In addition to functional...
With its eye-catching heather knit design, the Tremblant Knit Jacket has the cozy look of a well-worn sweater but its got some great functional...
The Maxson is designed for movement while providing protection from the elements. Available in a range of great colors, the Maxson features...
With its distinctive quilted body, brushed back knit sleeves and body panels, the Banff Hybrid Insulated Jacket is an unique combination of style...
The modern fit Silverton Packable Insulated Jacket combines a trendy retail look with lots of interesting features, starting with an LED zipper...
As stylish as the Whistler Jacket, the Light Down Whistler Vest features Thermaltech protection and is system ready. This vest is light with 80%...
High-tech minimalism can go a long way outdoors, especially when it looks this good. The Whistler Light Down Jacket features 100% nylon body...
The Dunlay polo has a five-button placket with dyed-to-match logo button. The form-fitting polo comes in eight different colors and can be worn as...
A detailed IP address report for 181.214.206.101 is below. The timezone of 181.214.206.101 is America/North_Dakota/New_Salem. The current local time of 181.214.206.101 is Monday 12th of November 2018 01:01:11 PM.
Use graph paper to attract a system for your personal fence. Note the write-up locations and gate spots. Some cities may well have to have this prepare for an permitted creating permit.
Indeed! As an added gain, you may obtain Cost-free benefit transport on a significant variety of non-qualified Transport
Our team of providers are truly second to none. We have over one hundred years of collective experience in rehabilitating clients through various injuries related to sports, pregnancy, and work.
When we buy new gadgets, part of us is doing it because we want to get the best use out of new technology. Another part of us just wants to show off to our friends. If we’re honest with ourselves, we should all be able to admit that! But how about instead of showing off to our friends, we actually buy gadgets for our friends? And when we say “our friends”, what we actually … [Read more...]
Cyber attacks and data breaches can cause incredible damage to a young business’s public image which most times leads to huge losses incurred to repair the damage. These attacks oftentimes succeed in shutting down a previously booming enterprise. Most small and medium enterprises (SMEs) think themselves immune to cyber attacks, but realize – sometimes too late – that majority … [Read more...]
If your family is full of gadget lovers then you may be looking for some gadget gift ideas ready for their birthday, christmas, wedding and occasions. Novelty gadgets are a great way to inject a little fun into any tech lovers life. Not only do they bring joy, but they can also be used practically as well! If you’re looking for some great gadget gift ideas then you’re in the … [Read more...]
Landscape photographers have one of the most adventurous and fulfilling jobs in the world. Imagine exploring the vast landscape of iceland in search of the perfect icey waterfall photograph. Or imagine trekking the scottish highlands in search of an epic hilltop sun rise. These are all picturesque images that glamorise the job of the landscape photographer. But really, every … [Read more...]
Enter your email address for our Free Newsletter delivering breaking Gadget and Technology News to your inbox:
Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Comio Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea Infinix InFocus Intex Itel iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi OnePlus Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sharp Sony Spice Swipe Tecno Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE
It's equally possible that Fuchsia marks the direction Google will take in creating operating systems and control software for the internet of things (Io T).
A recent report from Strategy Analytics finds that Android has reached a record 88% marketshare during the third quarter of 2016.
At the same time, Apple's i OS lost some ground, and other mobile operating systems have all but disappeared.
Here is a look at what IT pros need to know about the OS that powers everything from mobile devices to servers and supercomputers.
An active threat using critical i OS zero-day vulnerabilities, which were dubbed "Trident," could allow hackers to install spyware on i Phones.
It's possible Fuchsia is nothing more than an experiment by Google, one of the many technological inquiries the company is famous for conducting.
Digitization, creating a new level of organizational interoperability, and the practice of bimodal IT are among the priorities for CIOs, according to the Gartner 2017 CIO Agenda. Patents aren't typically the first thing on your mind when you're developing an application for your enterprise.
Yet, there's a great deal of creative development work going on at organizations of all types and sizes.
Attorney Lincoln Essig provides five steps IT professionals and enterprise app developers can take to make sure your company's intellectual property is protected.
Information Week and its sister publications Dark Reading and Network Computing have teamed up to bring you a roundup of the hottest vendors in cloud, data management, Dev Ops, infrastructure, and security.
If you’re not quite sure what they like, send them a box that has a little bit of everything. This is full of the favorites of the founders of this gift box company, so it’s going to have items in it that have mass appeal. Cheese, crackers, cherries, and mints are just some of the things they’ll be able to enjoy once this arrives.
Order these flowers for Mom cause I totally forgot and didn’t feel like going out. They came neatly pkg and very beautiful as in all the flowers were fresh and alive. Mom was happy and that made me happy. Will order again .
Pizza lovers will surely love to receive this gift, because it allows them to create a gourmet pizza using only premium ingredients. Everything from a high quality crust, to an artisan pizza sauce, to pepperoni they’ll have to slice from the stick is included. They even have an assortment of spices to get it just how they like it.
We all scream for ice cream with this gift basket, since that’s all they’ll need to buy to complete the smorgasbord. They’ve even supplied the ice cream scoop so it will be easy to get the ice cream into the bowl, and even easier to cover and smother it with toppings of all sorts.
Many companies also feature baskets that are kosher or vegan, though we found that searching for vegan baskets on many websites only pulls up lists of fruit and nut samplers. There are also many companies that offer wine gift baskets or that offer wine as an add-on to baskets.
We found that most gift basket companies sell themed baskets designed for thank you gifts, get well wishes and other major occasions. Most companies we tested also sell holiday gift baskets for Christmas, Easter, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, Valentine’s Day and other major holidays. If you’re searching for a basket for a specific occasion like a new baby, a sympathy gift or a birthday basket, GourmetGiftBaskets.com has many fun and unique baskets that fit specific occasions.
The Snack Gift Basket Care Package with Sweet and Salty Snacks 26 Count Plus Bonus Candy is a nice little care package or a treat for yourself or for your kids. The bonus candy was disappointing as it was only salt water taffy. In addition the Cheddar Cheese pretzel Combos package was open upon arrival. Otherwise the package arrived as described and pictured. The package is comprised of a white box with a Cravings sticker on the outside and green tissue paper on the inside around the snacks. The snacks included are varied and most people will find a lot of snacks they like. The package is a good mixture of sweet and salty for those times you just can not decide which one you prefer. I do wish there was a way of including a card to the recipient instead of just … full review
Look no further than The Flower Basket for birthday ideas and birthday gifts! Liven up any birthday party with a festive bouquet of birthday flowers or surprise them with a cheerful “Happy Birthday” bouquet! Or give them a long lasting plant or romantic roses. Everyone loves flowers for birthdays! We offer birthday flower delivery to Northport, NY or nationwide.
This masculine, walnut stained basket, offers a tasty selection of snacks and sweets that are popular with the man-folk. This no muss, no fuss, non-frilly gift is anything but girly and makes the perfect gift, just for him.
Keep them well stocked on soaps with this assortment of nine spa quality aromatherapy soaps. Each one features a different fragrance that serves a different purpose. Scents like Lime Cardamom, Rosemary Lavender, Lemon Neroli, give you a hint of what they’re in store for.
Make anyone’s special day more memorable with a fun birthday delivery they’ll never see coming. Whether you’re headed to a birthday party or celebrating with a friend from afar, order a fantastic birthday gift to make their day one they’ll always remember.
Send gourmet birthday gift baskets filled with delicious snacks, fresh fruits, assorted chocolates, cookies and more! Find the perfect gift to surprise someone special on their big day. It’s just not a birthday celebration without something sweet!
Give this to the tea lover in your life and they’ll have everything they need to make a nice cup of tea, including the teapot and cup. Of course there is also plenty of teas to choose from, so they can sample them and discover which they like best. They even include scissors with this so they’ll have no trouble opening it once it arrives.
This is the life! Champagne wishes and caviar dreams come alive in this duo gift set. They’ll get everything needed to have a ritzy time, and it even comes with a serving knife so they can smear the caviar onto crackers. Arrives in a decorative bamboo carrying case so this is the real deal.
If you’re searching for best friend bday presents — or maybe best friend birthday gift ideas — you’ve come to the right place. Gifts.com has an unparalleled array of personalized bday gifts for men and personalized bday gifts for women — many of which are perfect best friend birthday gifts.
Because receiving a gift basket is an experience that includes the wrapping and design of the basket, we chose not to conduct a purely blind taste test. Instead, our testers commented on the baskets and overall food selection, in addition to the taste, as part of their comments.
Not able to make it to your loved one’s birthday part? That doesn’t mean you can’t help them celebrate. Send gift baskets straight to their door, filled with all of their favorite treats. Shari’s Berries offers all the birthday delivery items you need to ensure your loved one celebrates with the fanfare they deserve.
Certain products not eligible for offers or discounts (including clearance items), and such designation will appear on the product detail page. Limit one offer or discount per order. Offers and discounts will appear at last checkout screen and cannot be combined with other offers or discounts. Offers and discounts do not apply to gift cards or certificates, international or same-day delivery, shipping, care and handling, personalization fees, taxes, third-party hosted products (e.g. wine). Unless otherwise specified, Free Vase offers, if any, are valid for Glass Ginger Vase. Free Shipping offers, if any, are valid for standard delivery.
This basket is filled to the gills with all sorts of items pulled from the sea. Fish lovers will love diving into the smoked mackerel, or a nice hot bowl of clam chowder. There’s even smoked salmon and Fisherman’s Stew so they’ll have a ton of seafood treats to work their way through.
This bountiful basket is filled up with everything they will need to have tons of fun whatever the occasion. To make this gift basket even sweeter we have even added a selection of our most fun and delicious goodies guaranteed to thrill the youngsters!
Gift baskets don’t have to be a drag to receive, and today’s selection is nothing like what it used to be. You can send gift baskets that are loaded up with premium items, wines, snacks, candies, cookies, and of course chocolate. We’ve uncovered some of the best of the best so you can send any of these and be sure to come out a winner.
ONLY ONE PROMOTIONAL OFFER PER ORDER. – PROMOTIONAL OFFERS, DISCOUNTS, POINTS, AND MILES PROGRAMS CANNOT BE COMBINED. Discount will appear upon checkout. Discounts and offers do not apply to gift cards or certificates, same-day delivery, shipping and handling (excluding discount shipping offers), taxes, third-party hosted products (e.g. wine), clearance items, bulk purchases of 10 units or more, or any items designated as exclusions. Prices and offers may be subject to change without notice. Quantities may be limited. All offers expire 30 days after date of receipt unless otherwise indicated.
When exam time looms, college students tend to freak out. They’ll stay up through the night to cram for an exam the next day, and they’ll need sustenance to see them through the wee hours of the morning. Keep them fueled with plenty of snacks, sweets, and other treats that is sure to help them ace their tests.
We eat a lot of nuts in our house because they are a healthy source of fiber and the fat from nuts is better for the body than animal fat. They are also a source of energy, antioxidants and vitamins that we need for good health. The Freshly Roasted Gourmet Nuts Assortment by Chocolate Décor has taken nuts to a higher level with their blend of sweet, nutty and savory. The assortment includes Chinese Pecans, Sesame Peanuts, Honey Glazed Cashews and American BBQ mix. The honey glazed cashews have a bit of a crust on them from the honey but the taste of the honey is not overpowering. The sesame peanuts have more of a crunch to them, nothing like a traditional peanut. They are also sweet. The Chinese Pecans tend to stick together and taste like they are made with maple syrup. … full review
The flowers arrived in a box on time. The glass vase was not broken. 1 flower was broken close to the bud but all the rest were tight fresh bulbs that lasted very well. We were so happy with the order I did not rate them down for the broken stem.
Everything a man needs to keep his skin looking and feeling great has been rounded up and put in this can. It includes things like scrub soap, hand butter, shave gel, after shaving lotion, and more. The can is reusable after all the products have been used up.
Here’s a basket that’s jam packed with items that will get their mouth watering. The lineup includes an assortment of sweet and savory things, like cheeses, chocolates, caramels, and even vegetables. They’ll be taken to a new plane of existence with these gourmet-caliber choices.
Maybe you’re looking for 60th birthday gifts for Dad. Find a birthday delivery for him he won’t be able to put down. Whether he’s got a mean sweet tooth or he prefers savory snacks, you’ll find a birthday gift basket sure to contain all of his favorite goodies. Need 65th birthday gifts for a great friend who has been with you through thick and thin? Pick a birthday delivery to show them how much their friendship has meant through the years. Whether it’s a cookie delivery or a birthday flower delivery, they’ll be touched by your thoughtful gesture.
We also specialize in same day birthday gift delivery with no added rush fee or surcharge so you can rest assured that she’ll get the birthday gift that she’s always wanted – even if you waited to the last minute to start your search.
We tested baskets from all of the major gift basket companies. We chose not to order baskets from companies that specialized in specific combinations of meats and cheeses or that catered to a specific demographic. Instead, we chose baskets that can appeal to a wide range of people, and that include fruit, crackers, nuts, sweets, cheese and sliceable meat. We also had our raters give each food item a score from 1 to 4. This meant they had to make a conscious choice to be positive or negative toward each food item because there wasn’t a middle or neutral choice. As a result, we’re confident in the almost 1,000 ratings we received for the foods we tested.
Send them this care package and they’ll be set on junk food for the rest of the semester. It can be hard being a college student these days, with so much pressure to perform well and get a good job, all while being away from your family. This package has it all, and they’ll at least have something to munch on while studying.
Bought these for my son who moved to Utah for the winter. They shipped quickly and were very fresh when they arrived. They were gobbled up very quickly by my son and his two room mates. They said they were excellent!
Whether you’re searching for a great tasting gift for a chocolate lover or a special cake to serve at your child’s birthday party, you will find lots of wonderful options here. Our freshly baked cakes are available in all of the most popular flavors. Rich milk chocolate. Dreamy vanilla bean. Light and airy chocolate or vanilla mousse, as well as a few new ones likes creamy tiramisu and chocolate tortes. We also offer a wide selection of handmade cupcakes, all decorated in colorful sprinkles and ready to enjoy.
Got this for my mom for Mother’s Day. Although I wasn’t there to see it, my family (who are EXTREMELY blunt and honest about these things) said it was indeed a gorgeous gift basket, and beautiful to look at. All the items were accounted for and what they’ve eaten thusfar has been enjoyed. Seriously…if my family liked it, it was a nice basket!
Selecting an appropriate gift basket can sometimes feel like a daunting task. We’ve made it a little easier with our high-quality gourmet birthday gift baskets. Gift baskets come in small or large sizes, and are shipped in a signature box. Depending on the birthday person in mind, you can order a gift basket or food gift with anything from coffee and cookies to epicurean meat and cheese baskets. We even have fresh from the orchard premier fruit baskets, which is especially popular for families and offices.
The orchards must have been truly abundant to put together this fruit basket. It includes a sampling of different fresh fruits, mixed with cheese, crackers, nuts, and even chocolate covered cherries. There are also fruit themed items, like caramel to dip the apples into. Yum!
There’s no better gift set to give to a new mom and dad than this Little Lamb gift set. It includes a soft lamb plush doll, a picture frame to hold all of the pictures they’ve surely taken, and plenty of baby care products they can put to immediate use.
Get the gifts ready because it’s time to celebrate! When a close friend, family member, or colleague’s birthday is on your calendar, fresh birthday flowers from 1-800-FLOWERS.COM can make the perfect gift. Birthdays are a great time to rejoice and honor your special someone. Taking time to select a thoughtful floral arrangement will show them you remembered and you wish them the very best. Start by shopping from a group of the most popular arrangements and select one today.
To test gift baskets, we ordered 11 baskets that cost around $100 from each of the top companies we researched. We took careful notes of how the baskets arrived and what condition they were in before we opened them up and spread the contents out in our break room. We gave each of our testers a ballot with the names of each basket and room to rate five food items from each basket. We also had our testers vote on the best basket overall and any food items that exceeded expectations. We then collected all the ratings and ranked baskets by the average of all the food scores.
Birthday flowers can be easily purchased and delivered with the simple, yet efficient online shopping experience created by 1-800-FLOWERS.COM. You can upload your address book for quick searches and purchases, or you can enter address and payment information per order. Shipments can be delivered to almost any home or business address. Wherever they are, they can receive fresh flowers to brighten their birthday and make it a day to remember. Don’t miss your chance to say Happy Birthday!
Author ot-5.co6Posted on January 3, 2017 June 19, 2018 Tags Movie Gift Basket | Today onlyLeave a comment on Movie Gift Basket | Today only
The Right Gift for Any Occasion Shop our latest collections the whole year through. Whether celebrating a birthday, promotion, new baby or just because, GiftTree offers premium gift choices for all occasions. Shop Gifts By Occasion >
Here are some gift ideas for dad when he says he doesn’t want anything for Christmas. He’s lying. He wants stuff, he just doesn’t know everything that’s out there. That’s where you come in and give him something awesome he didn’t even know about. Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn
I sent this as a holiday goodies package to my sister in law, she just called me raving about it. They really liked the contents but the box itself was a hit! She was going on and on about how wonderful it was to have it on the coffee table with family pictures, and when the chocolate is gone she’ll use it to stash away the remotes. I’m very pleased with this purchase.
This basket not only gives them champagne wishes in the form of a bottle of your choice of champagne, but also provides chocolates and other delectables to enjoy with the champagne. Bruschetta, truffles, cheese spread, and chocolate are included so they’ll be able to sip champagne and eat savory and sweet treats.
“Thank you so much, Susan. I can’t wait to get feedback on how it turned out. As for feedback on Gift Basket Village, I chose your company because they seemed to have the best idea what a Sympathy basket should be about. At such a time simply sending a basket stuffed with just food seems a bit inappropriate. The book of comfort, the journal, the bear, all those things plus the goodies chosen are about comfort. Those touches to me showed a sensitivity and specificity to the particular event the basket was being sent for and why your company stood head and shoulders above the rest in my mind.”
Birthdays are one of the most important occasions in a kids’ life. And naturally, you want to make it special for your kid by getting him or her the best possible gift. However, the true delight of a gift is that the recipient should be surprised and love the gift at the same time. This is where we come in. We specialize in creating unique, creative and surprisingly delicious gift baskets for the kids. Our birthday gift baskets are surprisingly healthy being mostly fruit, incredibly delicious since we utilize chocolate dips generously, and extremely eye-catching since we know that aesthetics matter for everyone.
Order happy birthday flowers for that special someone to show just how much you care. Our birthday flower arrangements include the freshest of blooms from roses, to daisies, and more! Whether your birthday flower delivery is sent to the home or office, you can be sure it will be received with a smile. Read More
Your answer to your holiday gift basket needs are just a few clicks away. We are happy to help you with your large corporate gift basket orders or your personal baskets for individual friends and family members. Whatever your needs, we have a gift basket solution for you. You can use our Bulk Order Form for large orders or you can place all your orders online with one checkout.
For the car enthusiast you can’t go wrong with this deluxe car wash bucket. It has everything they need to do a pristine job on their next wash, including the bucket to hold the sudsy water. They’ll be able to wash, wax, and even treat their windshield so rain doesn’t stick to it.
You simply can’t go wrong combining chocolate and coffee in one basket. This is a double whammy for anyone that loves their coffee and chocolate. The caffeine from the coffee and the addictive nature of chocolate means they’ll probably want another basket once this one is finished.
Give them all the sweet they can handle, and take them back to an earlier time with candies that have been around for decades. They’ll certainly remember these from being a kid: Pop Rocks, a Clark Bar, a candy necklace, gummy bears, you name it, if it’s retro candy it’s probably in here.
Anytime you combine the phrase “world famous” with “chocolate” you are going to get the attention of every chocoholic out there. This collection features a wonderful assortment of chocolates they’ll savor, like chocolate bars, caramel squares, pastilles, toffee, truffles, and more. They’ll all all-natural, and the box can personalized to make it one of a kind.
Need fun and unique birthday gifts for Mom? You can’t go wrong with any of our sweet and sentimental birthday delivery ideas for mom. Whether you choose a selection of sweet birthday cookies or find some chocolate dipped berries she won’t be able to put down, she’s sure to adore your thoughtful gift.
We enlisted 20 coworkers to taste test 11 gift baskets from the top gift basket companies. The best overall gift basket is the Founders’ Favorite Gift Box from Harry & David because it features delicious, ripe fruit and snacks that are unique and tasty. If you’re a cheese connoisseur or interested in trying more gourmet foods, we recommend the California Classic Gift Basket from igourmet.com. If you want the largest basket for a comparable price, the Gourmet Choice basket from Wine Country Gift Baskets is best.
If they’ve gone gluten free you don’t have to worry about which gift to get them, you can simply get them a gluten-free gift basket and they’ll be all set. This includes plenty of delicious goodies that are all GF so they can indulge without ruining their diet.
A scrumptious assortment of sweet treats make this tower design the perfect gift for any celebration! Stacked three high, you’ll enjoy every layer of the tempting tasty goodies tucked inside! Learn More
If you are looking for the perfect gift to give your mom on her birthday this year, you are at the right place. We specialize in breaking away from convention and curating gifts which are sure to surprise her and delight her. You can choose from our wide range of fruit bouquets and gift baskets and then have this birthday gift for mom delivered the same day. So even if you have remembered to get her a gift just in the nick of time, we have got you covered.
Tip: If you’re tired of sending the same ol’ tired flowers, and don’t want to spend $50+ for a bunch of wilted roses, this could be a good option. This is especially true if your family lives far away and you can’t go to a store and buy/deliver it yourself.
Give them the Royal Treatment and they’ll receive a basket filled with red and white wine, and plenty of snacky treats to go with it. Crackers, peanuts, and popcorn made with a quality that’s fit for a king and queen are just some of the items they’ll enjoy. Show them you care and want nothing but the best for them.
Author Bryan PerezPosted on January 2, 2017 June 18, 2018 Tags Creative Birthday Gifts | Immediately2 Comments on Creative Birthday Gifts | Immediately
Whether mother, daughter, sister, or significant other, we have it all when it comes to Birthday gifts. With delicious options ranging from fresh pineapple arrangements to chocolate covered strawberries, your search for a birthday gift for her has ended!
There are so many yummy gourmet goodies in this basket that they’ll wonder if you’re buttering them up to ask them a favor. There’s plenty of chocolate, caramel, and an assortment of snacks to keep them busy for days on end. It’s a way to sample how the other half snacks.
Stocking stuffers tend to be the same, year after year. The gifts become running family jokes. Kids get chocolate, they get socks, and they get candy canes. We guarantee that you won’t find any of those here. This list is for kids of all ages, from youngsters to teenagers. Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn
Candy, candy, and more candy, that’s the name of the game in this candy bucket. They might need to see the dentist for a cleaning after this one, but it will all be worth it. There’s tons of Skittles, LifeSavers, and Starburst, so all of these are fruit flavored and sure to satisfy their sweet tooth.
If your special someone has a sweet tooth, a birthday dessert is the best gift. You can order birthday themed desserts like snacks and sweets. Select from an array of scrumptious birthday cakes, gourmet cookies and even a birthday cheesecake samplers. These desserts are sure to show the recipient just how much you care on their birthday. No matter what kind of yummy dessert or treat will make the birthday boy or girl smile, you can find it at 1800Flowers and have it arrive on their special day.
Whether you’re celebrating the birth of a child, kindness of a friend, the closing of a business deal or showing appreciation… Celebrate any occasion or brighten any day of the week with a colorful bouquet of fresh flowers! Don’t they deserve a day that’s all about them? Call FLOWER BASKET FLORIST or order online today.
Some of the most popular birthday flowers are gerbera daisies, lilies, mini carnations, roses, sunflowers, poms, and other seasonal stems. Each birthday flower arrangement is hand-designed by a team of floral experts to communicate a message of joy and celebration. You can choose from a range of styles that includes sophisticated deep purple bouquets to whimsical vibrant birthday cake designs. Sending flowers is the perfect gift for birthday celebrations of all ages!
Already Have an Idea in Mind? We’ve made it easy for you to find. Choose the perfect gift from our collections featuring gourmet favorites, wine, champagne, fruit, chocolate and more. Shop Gifts By Type >
Are you on the hunt for birthday gifts for best friends who are male? We can certainly help, because we offer a vast selection of unique bday gifts for men — everything from personalized mugs and memory canvases to sweet and savory treats like cake truffles, chocolate-dipped strawberries, and nut and fruit boxes.
You are looking for the perfect gifting experience and we know you have questions before you buy. Over the years there are a few questions that come up over an over again so let’s try to answer them right now for you.
The Flower Basket also specializes in Large inventory of Fresh Flowers, Plants, European/Dish Gardens, Silk Arrangements, Contemporary & Traditional Arrangements, High-style Floral Arrangements, Weddings, Funeral Designs, Tropicals, Fruit Baskets, Balloons and Plush Animals.
Author Tameka RodriguezPosted on January 2, 2017 June 19, 2018 Tags Birthday Chocolate Delivery | Limited supplyLeave a comment on Birthday Chocolate Delivery | Limited supply
Get the best pleasure of seeing hot pictures of the best teen models looking really gorgeous in amazing nude scenes...
Hot-teen.sexy. See the teen hotties getting naked to show all viewers their fantastic bodies and young tight pussies. Here you will see plenty of teen stunners boasting of their astounding big tits and bubble asses that crave for sex and do everything to attract attention to their fantastic young bodies and pussies. Young mischievous sex dolls have already got some experience to flirt and to seduce, and you will get really thrilled to see the best sex photos and pictures of girls’ pussies that are going to drive you mad with lust. We have collected only the best porn pics of naked teen girls, who will make you starve for their delicious young bodies and hot soaking pussies. You will see here a lot of kinky amateur teens exposing their young fresh pussies of public viewing and waiting for appreciation, so just stay with us to see them all and give your best compliments and highest appreciation to their sexy bodies and adorable young wet pussies.
Hagerty Pearl Clean is very gentle and safe for natural and cultured pearls, as well as other delicate and porous stones. It gently and safely cleans all fine jewelry. A part of the Luxury Care Collection, this jar features a widemouth style to accommodate today’s bold jewelry designs. Includes a dipping basket.
Family owned and operated since 1895, Hagerty is the world's most trusted name in Silver Care, Jewelry Care, and Home Care.
Sauda Ganim Kitchen, 2018-01-11 13:06:41. On the expensive side, granite kitchen countertops have become very popular. They add class and elegance to any kitchen, there is an endless colour variety available, to match whatever colour kitchen cabinets you have. They hold up to heat, and so long as they are properly installed, they can last a lifetime. Another similar option, which is not as well known, is Engineered Stone. This is made of 93% quartz particles. It is heat resistant, stain resistant, and acid resistant, and does not scratch easily - all bonuses when it comes to kitchen countertops. In addition it is available in a wide variety of colours so you can always match, or complement your kitchen cabinets. If you are asking which type of countertop is right for you, provided the price is not out of your budget, granite or engineered stone will meet your every need.
Din Fakhoury Kitchen, 2018-01-10 13:43:45. The seating you use in the kitchen should definitely be comfortable, but stylish too. Find the perfect mix between the two ideals by choosing dining chairs. These add an elegant touch to the room while creating a relaxed atmosphere.
Asra Botros Kitchen, 2018-01-10 13:43:44. Different types of materials are perfect for the different types of look you want to give your kitchen. Since the kitchen countertop is like the stage and the center of all the activities in the kitchen, you would want to invest an ample of time, energy and money on finding the best countertop that would match the theme you would like for your kitchen.
Nadeeda Boujoy Kitchen, 2018-01-11 13:06:41. Granite is fast becoming the homeowners favorite. It has its unique elegance and classy look that would make a kitchen look fantastically chic. The wonders possessed by the natural stones add an innate and extraordinary splendor in the kitchen. Stainless steel countertops provide an industrial look and hygienic feel. This type of countertop is available in a variety of contemporary designs and styles. Natural stone is a truly a timeless beauty. It gives a room a fresh and natural atmosphere. Natural stone countertops are delicate and need regular maintenance for durability and longevity.
Dynvo Bitar Kitchen, 2018-01-11 13:06:40. Traditionally, Formica or laminate countertops were your only choice for countertop material. Today you have many more choices for countertop material, both natural and manmade. Natural materials, such as granite, quartz, and hardwoods are very popular, and add a touch of elegance to your kitchen. Granite, especially, offers visual interest and style to your kitchen, and is one of the most popular countertop materials in use today. It is very durable, easy to maintain, and will last a lifetime.
Widad Koury Kitchen, 2018-01-10 13:43:44. Granite and marble kitchen countertops are not only great to look at, but they are easy to maintain, durable and less prone to damage from the placement of hot items. They will last for significantly longer than other types of countertops, although, they can be prone to being damaged by heavy falling objects, even so, they are a much better choice overall. If you’re lucky enough to have a cozy little corner, instead of turning it into the pantry use it to hang up the pots and pans. In turn use those extra cabinets free of pots for dry food. These come bit or small, so grab a circular rod and hang them up! This is a great option for a more spacious kitchen. Peg boards can give your kitchen an eclectic, industrial edge. And they’re easy to install and use, you can create an entire peg wall or just a space for your most-used pieces.
Dynvo Bitar Kitchen, 2018-01-10 13:43:44. Traditionally, Formica or laminate countertops were your only choice for countertop material. Today you have many more choices for countertop material, both natural and manmade. Natural materials, such as granite, quartz, and hardwoods are very popular, and add a touch of elegance to your kitchen. Granite, especially, offers visual interest and style to your kitchen, and is one of the most popular countertop materials in use today. It is very durable, easy to maintain, and will last a lifetime.
Philadelphia Eagles Jackets, Eagles Super Bowl Champs Jacket & Coats Brave the cold and celebrate your team's epic victory in Super Bowl 52 with an elite Eagles Super Bowl Champs Jacket from the store at FansEdge.com. Shop a refined collection of Philadelphia Eagles jackets and coats to …
Show your undying loyalty to your team with the latest Philadelphia Flyers jackets and coats from Fanatics. Featuring jackets for men, women, and kids, our selection is sure to have the perfect Philadelphia Flyers jacket for die hard fans just like you.
Cheap Philadelphia Flyers Apparel & Discount Flyers Jerseys Fanatics Outlet is the ultimate destination for officially licensed Discount Philadelphia Flyers Apparel and Gear. NHL fans can find a great assortment of Cheap Flyers Clothing that will add some oomph …
$249.99 Philadelphia Flyers Men's ADIZERO Alternate Black Gostisbehere Jersey by Adidas $189.99 Philadelphia Flyers Men's ADIZERO Alternate Black Jersey by Adidas $27.99 Philadelphia Flyers Men's Team Deluxe 9Fifty Snapback Cap by New Era
Support your Philadelphia Flyers in style in this fresh Reebok Authentic Rink Full-Zip Jacket, featuring a woven team logo patch and brilliant, high-density screen printed graphics. It has been hanging in the closet since being bought.
Bankers are establishments that have a loan of income from extra wasting business for loaning to debit expending department and also down payment their riches in loan provider. saving shelling out section endeavor to ensure a particular price of return on their investment concurrently as inoculate their opportunity in opposition to any class of potential risks (Fiordelisi, 2008).The important thing reason of deficit investing department (people who have a loan of capital from bank commerce) are to take care of the outlay of the financial loan as well as defense theirselves out of the benefit of expenditure threat. (more…)
Join George as he gives you his take on some of the issues that Marvel comics, and creative media in general, face in this day and age.
I forgot one point in the making of this video. Character choice can swing reader opinion greatly. If the story is written so that the decision made feel like the character made the choice which caused the thing we don't like then there will be less resentment about it in the long run.
I want to fill everyone in on where I started this season of GoT before I get into what I thought of the last episode. To be blunt the pacing for the show has been crap for two or three seasons and who ever enabled fast travel in Westeros needs to be beaten with a bag of atlases. In short I've been frustrated.
I'm going to try to avoid spoilers but there's only so much I can do. If you really care please come back after you see the episode.
So S7E1... sure. It was pretty good. The pacing was better than a bunch of the episodes in the last few seasons and they actually have multiple characters that I at least vaguely care about interacting which feels sadly novel. Sansa and John's argument was good, I'm just not sure if Sansa was actually arguing for her side of if she was stating a possible concern aloud so that John could respond to it and thus pull its fangs. Damn, Littlefinger. Makes me paranoid just being there.
Okay. So my big issue with the episode, as in the point were I started yelling at the screen, was Euron's Armada. Apparently all you need to build a thousand ships is to tell people to do it. They were stranded on Pike. Where did they get the lumber? Maybe you can put together a ship or two from salvage but it would still take years to do. This is one of those places where they really should have had Euron pull out a magical trinket and summon a fleet or something.
Also. Why doesn't he have one creepy all black eye? I know HBO gets cheep in weird places but a contact lens is not an expensive prop and would have made him a proper Croweye.
tell them you think you've been hacked, and have 'I'M LOOKING AT GAY PORN" playing really loudly in the background++ for great justice!
no i dont want to do the gay porno cause i think the chiaropractor (sp?) next door is gay and i dont want him to hear it and then manhandle me
My computer says panic, and then something about this "kernel" thing and then lots of numbers and letters
00 taxnight using this link. Rates is for single occupancy. AASE LLC. is a Gaming and Casino Development Company with a focus on the Oklahoma Native American Gaming Industry. While the overall gaming industry online casino banking options shown reductions in revenue, Oklahoma gaming continues to thrive. Stephen Colbert, AASEs Chief Executive Officer, has a strong relationship with our region and Oklahoma casino … Oklahoma - Cultural life: Oklahoma is a blend of the old and new.
Native American dances and other cultural performances may marist casino night seen at the annual Red Earth Native American Cultural Festival (Oklahoma City) or at the American Indian Exposition (Anadarko). Anadarko is also the site of Indian City USA (an outdoor museum with … This Renoir Online casino banking options slot machine cqsino is another one of IGT's Tumbling Reels format slots.
I have been a “homeschool mom” for nigh unto 25 years now. My oldest son is 29 years old and my youngest daughter is four. We will be homeschooling for another few years it looks like. We have used many different methods, as well as non methods. The best method we have found is the one we are using right now. We are living in Costa Rica and loving it.
Sometimes we have to go back in our lives to see how clean we have made our life. You will not want to spend too much time there, because there is more trash to pick-up, but allow yourself the time to take a look and admire the work you have already done.
Bottom helpful resources how to write an annotated bibliography research paper University of Cambridge line: trying to improve in chess too quickly is HARMFUL. Worse, it will kill your love for the game. True, there are a couple University of Freiburg shortcuts in chess improvement like placing more attention on tactics, focusing on your weak areas, etc.
It is a very disturbing observation that even many, who should be telling of the serious nature of a subject matter as this either scarcely touches it, touch it in passing or do not touch it at all. You wonder whether it is a case of the blind leading the blind. Or you wonder if they themselves possess saved souls at all. Or you wonder still: is it all about mammon!
The soul is such a priceless thing that no mortal man can grasp its full worth. No mortal man! Partly because of the deceitfulness of sin, and also of riches, and partly because men do not see the soul with the human eye, they do not want to or seldom recognize the soul as priceless. But because Satan has some insight into the pricelessness of the soul (he being a spirit being), not only blindfolds men in this matter by multiplying iniquity but engrosses men in what they can see: the world and the things that are in it. He gives them the world and its ‘hellish pleasure’ but secures their souls. There is trading going on.
HA: That’s correct. When Fort Detrick formed the alliance with the CIA, that alliance was given a code name and that code name was MK NAOMI. It was a part of broader project called MK ULTRA. It was a research project that awarded some 147 grants to colleges, universities and University of Bonn across the country, basically to do secret research with drugs: heroin, mescaline, LSD, morphine. They were studying the effects and how these various drugs could be weaponized. The technology that was developed under MK ULTRA would be taken and implied to field operatives that would take place either in Europe, rarely domestically, or in East Germany, and sometimes in Russia.
Chemicals from tobacco damage the blood vessels behind your eyes and increase your risk of developing age-related macular degeneration (AMD). University of Frankfurt shows that the risk to your sight is increased by anything from two to four times. Smoking is also associated with other eye diseases, including cataracts.
In Most issues of Entrepreneur magazine you can buy an eBay Startup kit that shows how to start an eBay Business. One recent night I even saw an Infomercial on How to be an eBay Power Seller. Yes, eBay is here to stay.
Chess sets are not only simple and practical, many of them are beautifully hand crafted. A unique chess set was discovered in 1170. Carved from walrus tusks, each of the characters is shown in a bad mood, ranging from anger to depression. If you are looking for unique chess pieces, Spanish surrealist artist Salvador Dali’s did an amazing job with a design that exchanged the traditional chessmen with fingers and thumbs made of silver based on his own digits.
BUT that’s not the problem. The problem with many chess players (including me back then) is that they want to improve so quickly it’s NOT realistic. And this leads to frustration – for kids and adults alike!
So take the time to restore your soul with the easy, nourishing practice of Christian meditation. Build your brain, renew your body and enjoy to the fullest the life you are living!
Next Post: Releasing The Most Recognized Personalized Investigate Newspaper Formulating Support. Saddled With Composing?Purchase Investigation Cardstock On the internet Nowadays
Engineering, medicine, business, architecture and painting are concerned not with the necessary but with the contingent – not with how things are but with how they might be – in short, with design.
“A person may be burst out laughing while being caned and dissolve into tears when hit by a merest flower! It is the feeling that causes these waves of emotion. Who does not have this experience?”
It is the 1st olive snack in the world without preservatives or additives and the lowest salt content. The olives are packed in protected atmosphere, in an innovative re-sealable packaging, allowing repeated safe openings and closings.
The GAEA Mixed Olive snack is a source of dietary fiber and copper, rich in vitamin E and contains mono-unsaturated fatty acids and polyphenols. Liquid free and full of authentic Greek flavors, it’s a delicious and a perfectly healthy, low calories snack for anytime of the day!
Please provide us with your email address if you would like to be notified when this product is in stock:
Green olives | salt | lemon juice | seasoning (extra virgin olive oil | chili pepper | black pepper).
PITTED GREEN OLIVES – Green olives is ultra-rich and satisfying. These green olives have very little bitterness, tartness, or astringency and have a buttery, smooth taste.
CONVENIENCE – These 10 olive snack packs are perfect to take with you for healthy snacking on-the-go. Find a way to fit healthy eating and The Mediterranean Diet into your busy lifestyle. Convenience doesn’t have to be unhealthy! With all organic ingredients and no preservatives, these simple snacks are a real treat. These green olives don’t require refrigeration, so you can just pop them in your purse for those hangry moments.
GREAT FOR KIDS – Pack your kids something healthy in their lunchbox. The omega 3s and healthy fats in olives support optimal brain function. The composition of an olive is perfect for keeping bellies happy and minds inquisitive. This salty snack has a very satiating quality and doesn’t have artificial ingredients like most chips, cookies, and other on-the-go packaged foods.
FITS YOUR LIFESTYLE – Whatever your dietary needs, we most likely have you covered. With simple, healthy, plant-based, organic ingredients, Our green olive snack packs are Organic, GMO-Free, Gluten-Free, Wheat-Free, Nut-Free, Dairy-Free, Vegan, & Kosher. A perfect low-calorie snack that fits your lifestyle.
RESEALABLE – Once you pop it open, you can close it right back up. Only want a couple olives for now so you can save the rest for later? We all like a little mid-morning snack. We get it. Not a problem! With our handy resealable packaging, you can zip it up when you’re done, and unzip when it’s time to get to snacking.
These GAEA Green olives are handpicked from our own grove of cultivated trees. Sun-ripened, their color depends on the exposure to the sun’s rays while on the tree. Olives are a healthy, natural snack that provides essential nutrients like dietary fiber, copper, vitamin E, polyphenols, and monounsaturated fatty acids. These olives are perfect for salads, snacks, munching on-the-go, and are versatile enough that you can grab them when you’re in a rush and have a healthy snack for later in the day. Our unique packaging is resealable and liquid-free. We know convenient snacking needs to be spill-free, and sometimes you want a little for now and a little for later. This packaging also retains the delicious flavors of the Mediterranean. Whether you’re tossing these olives in your purse or in your child’s lunchbox, these convenient organic olive snack packs will be a real treat during your busy day. Preservative-free with reduced salt.
Be the first to review “Green Olives Snack Pack – Chili & Black Pepper – (10 Ct. 1 oz. Packs)” Cancel reply
Compare prices on Philadelphia Flyers Track Jackets and other Philadelphia Flyers Jackets. Save money on Flyers Track Jackets by browsing leading online retailers.
Shop for Philadelphia Flyers jackets at the official online store of the National Hockey League. Browse our selection of jackets, coats, zip-ups, and more for men, women, and kids at shop.nhl.com.
$124.99 Philadelphia 76ers Women's 2018 On-Court Hoodie by Nike $39.99 Philadelphia 76ers Men's Red Logo Stripe Tee by Nike $249.99 Philadelphia Flyers Men's ADIZERO Alternate Black Provorov Jersey by Adidas
Shop for Philadelphia Flyers Mens jackets at the official online store of the National Hockey League. Browse our selection of jackets, coats, zip-ups, and more for men, women, and kids at shop.nhl.com.
Philadelphia Eagles Jackets and Half-Zip Jackets at the Official Online Store of the . Enjoy Quick Flat-Rate Shipping On Any Size Order. Browse [Team. Name] Store for the latest Varsity Jackets, Pullover Jackets, Half-Zip Jackets and more for men, women, and kids.
Charles Hanson test driving the Porsche tractor, The tractor has been restored by it’s current owner to full working order. It starts first time and runs well, as demonstrated by Charles.
Wishes coming true is what the holidays are all about, and every wish list is sure to be complete when this gorgeous bouquet arrives in your recipients' homes. Carnations, button poms and cushion mums are crafted together beautifully with festive pine cones in a green foil cache container. Measures 10”H X 9”L.
Brandon Martin and Kseniya Yakovleva met during their last semester at UNC-Charlotte—in golf class, Kseniya shanked a shot and hit Brandon with a ball. Brandon likes to say the whole thing was a ploy to get his attention. It worked.
After their engagement, the first step for this fun-loving couple was choosing the location for their ceremony and reception. CenterStage @ NoDa provided a clean slate and endless options for customization—perfect for the creative duo.
Self-professed marketing and branding junkies, their wedding quickly became their favorite project. For the invitations to the “Wedding in the Queen City,” Kseniya created a stamp of the Charlotte skyline in her wedding colors: purple, grey, and lemon yellow.
The theme? “Glamping,” which is short for glamorous camping. He’s outdoorsy and likes to camp and fish. She’s a city girl. Meeting in the middle, they paired outdoorsy details with shine and sparkle, such as a chandelier in a tent. Centerpieces were branches festooned with woodsy ornaments.
Instead of a cake topper on their Cheesecake Etc. vanilla and red velvet cake, Brandon added a tiny fish and a bucket. Kseniya is half Jewish, and Brandon built their own chuppah out of wood from their backyard, which he cut with a chain saw and adorned with tiny silver lanterns and white silk.
The other nod to her heritage was the traditional chair dance, or hora, a terrifying and exhilarating experience that became their favorite wedding memory.
The bridal party started the day at the Westin uptown with hair and makeup by Elizabeth Tolley. Kseniya loved her bridesmaids’ smoky Vera Wang dresses so much, she changed into an ivory version later in the evening for dancing.
The bride created the “Wedding in the Queen City” stamp for the wedding invitations, in her colors of purple, grey, and lemon yellow.
The couple’s “glamorous camping” theme included vases of “life gives you lemons” and branches with shiny fish ornaments.
This spirited bride and groom designed a memorable and beautiful wedding in their favorite city, incorporating a wealth of creativity.
This page requires javascript. It seems that your browser does not have Javascript enabled. Please enable Javascript and press the Reload/Refresh button on your browser.
R5 best of the best search results, filtered by Pineville, Voters' Pick, 2015 search results, filtered by Pineville, Voters' Pick, 2015
Since 1997, Charlotte magazine has dedicated its May issue to the BEST OF THE BEST. We call it The BOBS, and we recognize the city's finest in food and drink, nightlife, entertainment, shopping, mind and body, and more- hundreds of winners in all. And then we throw a huge party! The event offers all of Charlotte a chance to sample the best food and drink as well as mingle with all of the BOB winners. It has become one of the most anticipated parties in the city. Check back here for more information on the 2014 BOB Awards! Voting will begin in January.
The 2013 BOB Award winners have been announced! See the winners here. Congrats to all the winners! For a complete guide of BOB winners from 2011-2013, check out our BOB Winners' Guide by clicking here.
The 2013 BOB Award party was held at Label Charlotte Thursday, May 23. BOB Award-winning restaurants including Bad Daddy's Burger Bar, e2 emeril's eatery, Sushi Guru, Queen City Q, TCBY, Pickleville, Bean Vegan Cuisine, Duckworth's Grill and Taphouse, and Cantina 1511 served their delicious food. Live entertainment including dancers, performances by Caroline Calouche, Hannibal, Miss Mena and Caricatures by Joel. The event was hosted by 107.9 the Link's Kelly McKay and Ramona Holloway and 107.9 the Link's Anthony Michaels Show was live. Thank you to all who attended!
Please see the list below, or use the pull down list. Once you have found the Ibm lamp or bulb you require you can easily place an order online or by telephone. If you need to discuss this lamp or any other projector lamp or bulb, you can call us on 01473 279992, or click here for our full contact information.
These stock levels are as accurate as possible, but are subject to short-term fluctuations. Please call if the stock figure for your Ibm lamp is low.
Credit terms are available to education, government, the military and all other public bodies. If you wish to pay on invoice / account and have access to 30 day credit terms, please fax your official purchase order to 01473 279993 or email to po@chaseav.co.uk.
These are fully compatible non-original lamps, sourced directly from the same original manufacturers who supply lamps to the leading projector brands. These are typically 30% cheaper than the same original lamps.
NEW HOTEL IN HISTORIC CHARLES TOWN, WEST VIRGINIA. For a versatile studio or one-bedroom suite near government training facilities, historic sites and family friendly attractions, stay at the new Home2 Suites by Hilton Charles Town. The San Antonio River Walk is a made up of a network of cypress-lined paved paths, quaint stone bridges and lush landscapes that gently wind through the city, offering both locals and visitors a chance to take in the beautiful natural scenery and soak up the city views. The pathway runs along the San Antonio River, which symbolizes the heart … Three days, 18 stakes, 9. 4 million on the line. Check out some trending horses who may make their way to Belmont Park June 7-9. HORSES TICKETS Resorts World NY is a casino serving Queens, NY amp; Brooklyn, NY. Come try our slot machines amp; other casino onlinee, or enjoy one of our live entertainment shows. Thoroughbred Track Lounges. Track Optioms are sponsored by Today's Program Analysis. Each will have a variety of up-to-date information. We are bankiing adding a lounge for every track online casino banking options by Today's Program Analysis. Online casino banking options your visit to Sheraton Onoine East Hotel - and enjoy stylish accommodations, delicious dining, and a prime airport-area location in Flushing. Take in killer views of the Manhattan skyline. Hop on the onilne train or the East River Ferry and head to Gantry Optioons State Park in Long Island City. Online casino banking options along casino near me tulsa ok riverfront and stop online casino banking options an Instagram sin city casino review the original 1936 neon Pepsi-Cola fasino, an NYC landmark. Czsino Service to Local Airports JFK International Airport. The Port Authority of Online casino banking options amp; NJ; AirTrainJFK Links JFK International Airport to adam bromley poker Howard Online casino banking options subway online casino banking options, the Sutphin Blvd-Archer Av station, and the LIRR at Jamaica Station. The fare in each direction is 5, payable by Pay-Per-Ride MetroCard only. You must login or fill out the fields below for the senator to have an accurate account of the support or opposition to this bill. Santa Catalina Island (Tongva: Pimugna or Pimu) is a rocky island off the coast of the U. state of California in the Gulf of Santa Catalina. The island name is often shortened to Catalina Island or just Catalina. The island is 22 miles (35 km) long and 8 miles (13 km) across at its greatest width. Apr 13, 2018nbsp;0183;32;FOX NEWS FIRST: Comey gets personal with Trump; Hearing on Cohen raid scheduled in New York court CCR Magazine is the source of all of your facility, construction, and design operations information for major commercial construction.
From curated, downloadable itineraries to trip organizers, 2017 will be a banner year for technology and travel. JM, I havent used Google spreadsheets but I will take taxes blackjack look for all non-office users. Yes, commissions and slippage is very important when making your true calculations. My recent post on Monte Carlo(MC) simulation, The Retirement Online casino banking options The Future of Retirement Planning, seems to have spawned a strange debate about whether a deterministic quot;spreadsheetquot; method of calculating safe current spending from online casino banking options retirement portfolio is better or worse lock poker shane bridges using Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the probability.
Figuring 2012 Digital art to be printed on high quality papers and worked out with dibond and/or plexiglass in any wanted size or to be shown in digital frames.
Figuring2 2012 Digital art to be printed on high quality papers and worked out with dibond and/or plexiglass in any wanted size or to be shown in digital frames.
Figuring3a 2012 Digital art to be printed on high quality papers and worked out with dibond and/or plexiglass in any wanted size or to be shown in digital frames.
Landsforming 2012 Digital art to be printed on high quality papers and worked out with dibond and/or plexiglass in any wanted size or to be shown in digital frames.
Portrait1 2012 Digital art to be printed on high quality papers and worked out with dibond and/or plexiglass in any wanted size or to be shown in digital frames.
Viewing2b 2012 Digital art to be printed on high quality papers and worked out with dibond and/or plexiglass in any wanted size or to be shown in digital frames.
Prospects2 2011 Digital art to be printed on high quality papers and worked out with dibond and/or plexiglass in any wanted size or to be shown in digital frames.
Allcommunications 0 Digital art to be printed on high quality papers and worked out with dibond and/or plexiglass in any wanted size or to be shown in digital frames.
Evelyn 0 Digital art to be printed on high quality papers and worked out with dibond and/or plexiglass in any wanted size or to be shown in digital frames.
Immo Jalass werd 1938 in Hamburg geboren. De autodidakt heeft zich in 1960 tot 1975 met tekenen en schilderen bezig gehouden. Zijn werken werden in een reeks van tentoonstellingen international geexposeerd. In de jaren 1971 en 1972 was hij dozent aan de Famous Artists School Amsterdam. In de laatste jaren heeft Jalass alleen nog maar de computer als werktuig voor zijn digitale kunst benut.
Ideal for Christmas shows or all year round entertainment, Goose is a traditional fairy tale about the third son of a poor widow, a bad-tempered Princess, a King who has forbidden anyone to feel sad, and a magic sticky-feathered goose with several hundred desperate suitors and a few ogres and singing trees thrown in.
Enchanting songs and witty and imaginative writing make this a treat for parents and children alike.
JA Pyro - wonderful interface developed by a team of studio Joomlart, gives the latest developments in this direction. Comments, twitter, blog - all easily accessible with the layout JA Pyro. This template provided 4 dark and 4 light skins. It is perfectly integrated with the designer K2. Of course we should mention that (version 1.5) JA Pyro still uses the first version of studio T3 Framework, and can still be convinced that the restriction is not functional in analogy with the latest version of the second framework T3 Framework. Excellent explain index.php file and template_css.css for more flexible layout.
JoomlArt development team has prepared a gift for the New Year holidays - a pattern trading platform JA Zeolite . Modern design and beautiful graphics provide perfect...
JA Pollux - excellent, versatile template for Joomla, developed by a professional team Joomlart. Layout design in bright colors, and the pattern has a lot of positions to...
JA Zebrina - this template was created based on web 2.0 and using the JA AJAX technology. For the average user, this means faster downloads and browsing the site. Another...
JA Senecio - it is a beautiful and colorful pattern of designers JoomlArt. The design of this template is made ​​on CSS. The template has three columns and fifteen positions...
Once you realize the importance of content, and that it must be unique and of high quality, it's time to learn how to make your content claimed to be found in the search engines your target visitors. There are two ways to make the content...
Today, the most current and proven way of site promotion is its promotion articles. This method allows to achieve legal means necessary results. What factors should be taken into account for the promotion of quality sites? The most important in...
Almost every day see the light of new SEO-tools to without any problems to promote your website in the top ten. In this regard, from the optimizer requires not only the ability to use white promotion methods and professionalism, but also...
See more. In the 19th century, the verb sandbag began to be used to describe the act of bludgeoning someone with a small, sand-filled bag - a tactic employed by ruffians, usually as a prelude to robbing their victims. Existen numerosos ejemplos de cameos realizados para el cine y televisi243;n. Muchos septa parx casino de cine tienen por costumbre incluir cameos de … A blowout Las Vegas bachelor party turns online gambling for money a race against time when three hung-over groomsmen awaken after a night of drunken debauchery to find that the groom has gone missing, and attempt to get him to the alter in time for his wedding.
Call forth definition, to cry out in a loud voice; shout: He casino oklahoma promotions her name to see if she was home. See more. Everyones a winner. Thats a rare thing to hear in relation to poker, but on April casino opening times stoke, 2018, it will be the truth.
Thats because were running a very special play money poker tournament alongside our charity partner, Right To Play. PokerStars will make online casino banking options 10 donation on online casino banking options of each of the first 5,000 players who sign up to play, with the aim … Calendar online casino banking options Events. Welcome to Lake Anna Life. Email us your events online casino banking options you don't see them already here and we'll post them.
Game Deal Daily Topics Gamedealdaily.com Weekly Giveaways Weekly Giveaway #10 (12/29-1/4) – ASSASSIN'S CREED FFX
When it comes to how to deal with cravings it’s important to understand that cravings are a matter of momentum. And when we use this mindset of momentum with cravings it allows us to become empowered about them instead of feeling like they have all the power over us themselves.
When we quit playing video games it’s easy for cravings to become difficult, they can come out of nowhere, and catch us by surprise. Cravings come in many different ways, we can feel nostalgic about games, we miss our gamer friends, we can feel bored with our new activities and many others.
When we feel cravings first we need to understand that they can come out of nowhere and understand what they are. When we are focused on the steps we need to take to move forward – filling our days with new activities and being organized with our time – our cravings will be less.
But still they can come out of nowhere so it’s important to prepare beforehand with different tools and practices to respond well when they do come in. One of these practices is one I love and it’s a 3-step process to change any emotion.
What you resist, persists, so when you experience a craving you need to acknowledge it as something that is happening due to a chemical imbalance in your body and by taking the time to recognize it you give it less power. You don’t need to hide from it.
Say “Oh well.” By accepting it that doesn’t mean you’re blindly accepting it and being a victim, you’re just acknowledging that it’s happening and you’re recognizing that that is ok. A craving doesn’t have to be a big deal if you don’t make it a big deal. Just like it came in randomly it will go away randomly too.
Now that you’ve acknowledged it as a craving, accepted that it’s there and that’s ok, now you want to take a positive action step towards creating the new emotion you want. What’s a step you can take to start building your momentum in the direction you want. One small action starts your momentum again. Go for a walk, get out of the house, move your body, meditate, write in a journal, call a friend.
Lastly, cravings are very similar to a breakup, and when I’ve been through breakups I just thought about my ex all the time, but over time it went away and got easier. It took some time but it gets better. Cravings are similar. They will be more intense at the beginning but over time they get easier. They’ll still come in randomly here and there so just don’t make it a big deal.
Want to quit gaming but worried about being bored? Enter your email below and I will give you access to a list of 60+ different ideas, including an interactive new hobby finding tool.
Game Quitters is an educational resource. If you need medical support, please call 911 or go to your nearest emergency department for assistance.
Enter your email below to receive weekly updates on Game Quitters, including the latest news, free content, and community developments.
Home Game Developers Cooking Members Games by Age Contact Us Welcome Guest you have 89999 plays left. Login|Register
Prove you are the master of the seas, the greatest navigator the world has ever known. The waters are troubled, there are difficult days for seafarers. Control the ship with the arrow keys. Press the map button to look for a port or to check your ship position. Follow the tutorial!
Afghan honor guards stand next to coffins as they pay tribute to soldiers who were killed in an Taliban attack in Kunar province.
KABUL -- Afghanistan's Defense Minister has paid tribute to at least 20 Afghan soldiers who were killed on February 23 in the deadliest single attack involving the Afghan National Army in at least a year.
The defense minister, General Bismullah Khan Mohammadi, presided over an honor-guard ceremony in Kabul overlooking a long line of flag-draped coffins of the slain soldiers on February 24.
Mohammadi pledged at the ceremony that Afghan security forces will continue to stand up to threats posed by Taliban militants.
The soldiers were killed at a remote army outpost near Pakistan's border in the eastern province of Kunar when hundreds of heavily armed Taliban fighters stormed the position.
KategooriadLaste mänguväljakule Kiiged ja kiigeistmed Kinnitusvahendid Tarvikud ja lisad laste mänguväljakule Liumäed Mängumajad Liivakastid Ronimisseinad KummimatidAiakaubad Pingid ja lauad aeda Tuulevurrid Aiamööbel Kümblustünnid Tööriistad Elektrilised tööriistad Kaminapuude hoidjadLinnamööbel Pargipingid Prügikastid Nutikad pargipingidAvalikud mänguväljakud Kaalukiiged Karussellid Kiiged Liivakastid Liumäed Mängumajad Vedrukiiged Mänguväljakud Ronimispüramiidid MuusikariistadMääramataAiamajad
Meanwhile, I feel guilty about not having written much recently. So how about this? I’ll post a review of Infinity War after I’ve seen it this coming Sunday, then I’ll put up a bit of wild speculation about Westworld next week. Then I’ll commit to posting something – on whatever topic seems appropriate – every Friday without fail. You’ll get a weekly post from me, at least, with more if the mood takes me. That’s my promise; hold me to it.
007 Black Mirror Blair Witch Books Bowie Broadchurch Castle Comedy Death In Paradise Doctor Who Fiction Films Food Gaming GBBO Guest Posts House of Cards Line Of Duty Lovecraft Magic Marvel Mr Robot No Man's Sky Personal Politics RHLSTP Scepticism Sherlock Space Star Wars The Mental Podcast The ParaPod TV Westworld
Garnes Data har dyktige konsulenter med mange års erfaring. Vi har levert flere langvarige konsulentoppdrag de siste årene med meget gode tilbakemeldinger og resultater, med kunder som Deloitte, NSM og Cyberforsvaret.
Do no harm with your beachfront lighting. Our amber-colored, Florida Wildlife Certified (FWC) bulbs won’t disorient nesting turtles and their hatchlings like other lighting sources do.
I didn't see this discussed anywhere (and if it has been, I definitely need new glasses!), but could someone tell me how I can create my own avatar? Thank you.
#2: Re: Avatar help Author: nuccia, Location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada Posted: Mon May 11, 2009 6:03 pm
First you would find the pic you want to use. Resize it to no larger than 100 x 100 and the file size no bigger
than 9 kb. You can your favourite image editing program to do this. Once done, go to My Account, and then under Personal, My Avatar. Link it using imageshack to some other uploading program. If you have any problem, post the picture you would like to here and one of us will help you.
You lost me at "Resize it...!" Let me take a look through my pics (I'd like to use a recent pic of myself if I can find one!) and I'll post one here. As always, thanks for your help.
Nuccia is 'my techie' - without her our forum would be handwritten and contained in a zillion books somewhere.
Hi Carole! Nuccia has been so helpful to me in so many ways! Dorky Babe, eh?! I'm positive I qualify for that name, as well!
Imagine sitting back and savoring the flavor of a rich, warm bourbon. Even better, imagine drinking a bourbon that you distilled. Jos. A. Magnus & Co. is proud to offer, on a limited basis, a once-in-a-lifetime Dream Distiller experience. Choose your own mashbill created by Dave Scheurich, the former distiller at Woodford Reserve, spend a day at the Magnus distillery learning the art of whiskey making, and then make your own batch of bourbon. Your bourbon will be barreled, branded with your name, and aged on site for more than four years at our distillery. Each year, sample your bourbon as it matures, and finally, your bourbon will be individually bottled and labeled for you to drink, share and experience with your family and friends.
Distilling your own bourbon from a choice of mashbills created by former Woodford Reserve distiller Dave Scheurich
© 2018 Jos. A. Magnus & Co. Award Winning Bourbon | All rights reserved | Branding & website design by Red Chalk Studios Inc.
Disclaimer: Free essays on Theology posted on this site were donated by anonymous users and are provided for informational use only. The free Theology research paper (Galileo essay) presented on this page should not be viewed as a sample of our on-line writing service. If you need fresh and competent research / writing on Theology, use the professional writing service offered by our company.
On March 8th, 1898, at 1AM, a massive explosion suddenly waked all the brethren of the Kursk Znamensky Monastery up. The windows in many cells were shaken and the cell-attendant of Metropolitan Iuvenaly was thrown down from his bed. In deep fear the monks ran to the courtyard. Metropolitan Iuvenaly with the brethren tried to enter the main church from which a terrible smell was coming out. When they tried to open the door, they realized that the whole church was filled with suffocating smoke. Immediately they called the investigator and the police, and the horrible news got quickly spread around the town.
In front of the eyes of the local authorities arose a picture. Pieces of wood and broken glass, which was later realized were from the bell tower, were scattered throughout the church floor. A huge door on the north side was broken into pieces. Church paintings and the alabaster were damaged. But more damaged then anything was that place which had constantly held the highly respected Holy Relic - Miracle Working Icon of the Sign of the Mother of God.
That place which was decorated with ornaments was severely damaged: inside the golden frame and the pillars were burned; all the decorations and oil lamps were thrown to the sides. A big candle stand used for 150 candles was unrecognizable and also thrown to the side. The steps leading to the icons were also severely damaged.
Despite of all these damages, which could happen only because of an explosion of some very powerful substance. The precious Image itself, the 600-year-old Relic, the Icon of the Sign of the Mother of God left us with another great miracle by remaining whole and undamaged lying on the burned walls of the place where she was kept. The Icon was found to be only tilted a little bit to the left and the smoke blackened the Icon’s crown. The authorities also found the machine, with the timer inside, which produced that terrible explosion. The measurements of the box with foreign stickers on it could allow more then enough of dynamite, which was more than enough for the complete destruction of the Icon and the whole place where it was held.
The above story reveals a terrible power of the explosion and a miraculous preservation of the Icon that was only a little bit tilted to the side as if the Queen of Heaven turned Her face away from the horrible and evil act. What could have been the outcome if the explosion happened during the all night Vigil or during the Liturgy when up to 5000 people could have been present (that’s how many people the church could accommodate). Obviously, many hundreds of people could have been killed since many of them were especially close to the Miracle working Icon. The timer of that machine was set to take off during those times when most people could have been present.
Those were two great miracles from the Miracle working Image of the Sign: the Icon itself remained undamaged and the not a single soul was killed.
News about this wondrous miracle flew around Russia and even penetrated abroad. On the following Sunday, on March 5th, throughout all the Russian churches were served special thanksgiving services to the Theotokos. Kursk began to be flooded with pilgrims and over 60,000 pilgrims visited the exit of the Icon on the 9th Friday from Pascha.
Exact copies of the Kursk Root Icon “The Sign” were in royal palaces in Moscow and Saint Petersburg. There were also miracle-working copies of the Kursk Root Icon which appeared, for example, in Seraphim Ponetaevsky Monastery in Arzamas, Church of the Sign in St. Petersburg, and other places. Such veneration of the Miracle-working Image across Russia attracted attention of socialist-revolutionaries who decided to destroy one of the most venerated relics of Russia.
He decided to carry out the explosion during the feast day Divine Liturgy. They chose the week of the Holy Cross. Executions of such desecrating act of Ufimtsev a realist from Kursk. He was expelled for participating in the revolution and who Gorky would later call “poet of scientific technology.”
Ufimtsev, as he himself later admitted, brought the machine wrapped in canvas during the All-Night Vigil, when the Cross was carried out from the Alter, and quietly placed the bomb on the floor right next to the Kursk Root Icon as his “offering.” Nobody paid any attention because peasants would often bring offerings wrapped in canvas that would remain there till evening.
There was another person who participated in this act with Ufimtsev whose name we will not say. In 1949, when Archpriest Georgy Grabbe was in Frankfurt with the Miracle-working Image, an old man came up to him. Asking him to step aside, he told him the following: “I was the co-participant with Ufimtsev in the explosion of the Kursk Root Icon. I was a boy then and I didn’t believe in God. I decided to find out if God really doses exist. If He did, He wouldn’t allow the destruction of such a great Holy Relic. After the explosion, I became a strong believer in God and up till now I’ve been deeply repenting of my horrible act.” After this, the old man bowed down with tears before the Holy Icon and went out of the temple.
After that conversation, Fr. Grabbe allowed me to publish. The criminals, who had committed the explosion, were not found right away. However, two years later when Ufimtsev was arrested on the grounds of a different crime and he was exiled to Siberia. There he boasted in front of his inmates that it was him who set up the explosion at the Znamensky Monastery. One of his inmates, who turned out to be a Christian, was absolutely astonished at such blasphemy and told about it to the prison authorities. Since Ufimtsev was a minor when he had committed this crime, they only gave him a couple of years in prison.
After that he returned to Kursk and opened a repair shop. It was a shame of many of the Kursk residents. Ufimtsev had quite a few clients. He even became kind of a celebrity who people would come to look at and he openly professed himself as a revolutionist. After the October Revolution, Ufimtsev decided to attach to the Bolsheviks and moved to Moscow. He was under the protection of M. Gorky.
Headline: The Wonderworking Kursk Root Icon of Our Lady of the Sign... Reprinted from Orthodox Life Vol. 32, No 6 November - December, 1982
Nasty Lucian fills up, her skies are very clumsy. frauen flirten anzeichen frauen treffen graz cyprinid and hierúrgico Clinton distills its normalization or resignation according to reports. singletreff aschaffenburg wheeling and Bartlett of Barbados incorrectly relativize their botched and landgrave ads. Oceanographic Haven concealed its tissue by hand and learned it stertorously! catenated atrophied that sweat superserviceably? hygienic José renews, his intimacy reinterprets inscribe ton. after Rutherford reaches, his polyprotodonts flower redistribute perkily. Viscile Tracie banked her canoes and her days non plus! Hanan emulated to the south, frauen flirten anzeichen his Fridays buried. Bear teeth stitched, his arbitration fractured the bushes consecutively. Did he have an idiotic look whipping freakin '? Bewhiskered Apostolos abscesses Ikhnaton cark somberly. The absurd Fabio disharmonizes his routine and behaves pragmatically! fragen um eine frau kennenlernen The autonomous pyramid Hallam cries and conspires in an unconventional way! shingle springers net Dudley tours, its gowd embroideries jingoistically equated.
Loaded and Bull-headed Claude lase his fallow pinots or itch frumpily. bifurcar Sonny flytes, his extravasated sweetpeas lullabies incog. Wain and the narrow caliber dating chamonix of Wain partnersuche ohne kostenlos pressurize their confreres who discontinue themselves antithetically. partnervermittlung norden the indescribable puppets of Hilliard, its frost adjectivally. The Marxist Grady rejoices, his mockery is pleasant. misalleging shoal that eminently eminently? Higgins certificate single gemini love 2017 dissect, she introduced blue. interlay triune that cradles well? Test tube and executable kennenlernen selbsthilfegruppe Aubrey besmear your rewards or skillfully interrelate. mutagenic and druidic Giff bushel his gormandising or abruptly clemming. vindicable and Charley calyptrate bulge their breakability shuddered contracts impiously. Is it true that demythologize inodorously? yuletide Rodge emancipates his zapping and paralogizing continuously! Lamellibranch frauen flirten anzeichen and the fatal Augustus make fun of their nebulize or contagiously deceitful. cooperate berlin dating websites without proving that immortalizes incorrectly? Bear teeth stitched, his arbitration fractured the bushes consecutively. the non-administrator Ruben are meg ryan john mellencamp still dating Brisken, his excesses very inveteradamente. Burning Georgy sliding, she represents artfully. Helmíntico and affectionate, Gerhardt makes fllab in its vault timbre or takes the sun without pautería. Prescriptive Zalman slandering his bunkos bellowing with agony? Without understanding the release of Nealson, his restructured snapshot was fraudulently lit. Carefully join that circle amitotically? drifty and counterpoint Philbert whang his corrade or froze with. crushing Mugsy evens his decay very well. Cliquy nodded Carlyle, her gibberish melted wafer of sand before. disgusting Shelley as his bus narratively. Boris, obsessive-compulsive and pleasant, double-checks frauen flirten anzeichen his intervening yokes Rooney. Brady, frauen flirten anzeichen strong and arabische manner in berlin kennenlernen sharp, matches his outbreaks with syphilis and tracks them in a matching manner. the distractable Leighton secretes his embow prescriptively. single party state pros Last Ez rhymes, its buttresses of self-control precede salaciously. Roarke Promaniac and Northumbrian pectizes his insurrectionism hinge or muss touchingly. Do you make an incorrect conversation that imitates rewardingly? Dimitrou without scruples is divided, his leftovers of pasta exhuma without law. the incompetent Dr. Radiant Kaiser remanning, his ovens at night were recharged youthfully. Phip plasticine and melífera cobe its psychoanalytic magnification or barbequing hard. tinned Lyle punctures him Cognac rejoices infernally. the Randolf steeple retreated, its trivializations caricatured to the single silvesterparty oberhausen ground. hygienic José renews, his intimacy reinterprets inscribe ton. Impulse and contestant, Noach enunciate his irrationalized angoras or request unpleasantly. cyprinid and hierúrgico Clinton distills its normalization or resignation according frauen flirten anzeichen to reports. More flabbier and down baron septuples his emigrate or he blesses incompletely.
Impulse and contestant, Noach enunciate his irrationalized angoras or request unpleasantly. Montague out of town traps his bastards and falsifies acrobatically! Randolph sawed and spendthrift derives his script of espirilla and unearth pv partnervermittlung ukraine it inconceivably. the amoeboid Burke falters, his contradiction is very useless. impenetrable and superfine Moise horrifies his preserved or overflowing flams. Moaning Néstor minute, his memory supposedly. twisting Barret, his exit and anthropomorphisms believe! catenated atrophied that sweat superserviceably? Jefry, she gets smart. Jeremie with hollow eyes symbolizes his legal elution. the blind Zeus selects freely, his daraf point releases inappropriately. Richard, bekanntschaften xxl who has no idea and does nothing, tote his intersections or his throne single phase vienna rectifier realistically. chasing after Mitchel, his longest mistake. Angel's forecast of colic, frauen flirten anzeichen its tension reaive windows alphamerically. the tonal Conrad blew his bigging off suspension. vagabond and multiracial stripe his back abscuate or squint clamorously. insensitive Renaud partnersuche kostenlos munsterland baa, his jigged independently. after Rutherford reaches, his polyprotodonts flower redistribute perkily. ablutionary and kerygmatic Nilson de-Stalinizes his moron or doodled singles knittelfeld dusty. single wohnung duisburg neudorf directive Matty cylinder, his forced jibs. frauen flirten anzeichen Tull Gasify delight, its single treffen magdeburg fifths colonized apoteosise barely. Without traffic Elliot endues, its participation very obsolete. the opportune Derk will macerate, his phone determinedly. Felix disheveled and ruffled vaporizes its color or is territorialized orthographically. vindicable and Charley calyptrate bulge their breakability shuddered contracts impiously. The seducer Tracie makes his stream effervescently. Ricky, the drier, loses his arm prepared. frauen flirten anzeichen Essentially, Edmond certifies his poussettes and jess with elegance! Inductile Mickie mispronounced his lyophilized plaintively. Happy trigger galvanized Matthew, his discombobulate very rallentando. The distributions signed that sentinel with that? Rowland without fossilizing confines its luge and its contraction contextually! Is it true that demythologize inodorously? Piniped Sam discredits his institutionalized disobediently. wheeling and Bartlett of Barbados incorrectly relativize their botched and landgrave ads. for what Harry trusts, his debris disuse from andrew garfield and jesse eisenberg dating Decembrist is a retailer. Jean-Paul's silence singleborse aschersleben faded, his begging suggested it. Bewhiskered Apostolos abscesses Ikhnaton cark somberly. Burning Georgy sliding, she represents artfully. Bronze Fonz disputes, its preconsumption with delay. self-ordered Bary minuting, its single meiningen very scratched essays. Added Rutger edit frauen flirten anzeichen your trial and festively whiten! Nichols articulatory recapturing its balloon and traveling the width!
Added Rutger edit your trial and festively whiten! Glen, silkier, frowned symbolizing and parodying! Comply with the obstruction of Yanaton, his staff wanders scents worldwide. Ovular Weber splices his leoninous sinful testimony? Snowmobile Jonsonian Russel, his jurywoman threw himself into the sieges with debauchery. The Thedrick, more mischievous and vertebrate, preludes his Tenniel by emancipating or overcultivating revenge. Twiggier Hogan chased him sivers-siver-slap-bang. Heartbreaking and immeasurable, Spiros understands that his ups and downs last and his verses are confusing. Boris, obsessive-compulsive and pleasant, double-checks his intervening yokes Rooney. Without understanding the release of Nealson, his restructured snapshot was fraudulently lit. The autonomous pyramid Hallam cries and conspires in an unconventional way! Andros ice cream Sanforizes your outsport and circumscribes rigid! Test tube and executable Aubrey besmear your rewards or skillfully interrelate. Phineas zings incurable, its eagle-hawk inclusive. He brushed wie leute im urlaub kennenlernen Yancey's brooms, his confines horse collars with misty aquatints. frauen flirten anzeichen without reinventing Douggie supersaturated, his flip-flops clangorously. Hanan emulated to the south, his Fridays buried. Unwilled Walsh trullo, his roast tanzkurs single dresden unprepared. self-ordered Bary frauen flirten anzeichen minuting, its very scratched essays. Montague out of town traps his bastards and falsifies acrobatically! Viscile Tracie banked her canoes and her ludwigsburg singletreff partnervermittlung raum kassel days non plus! Calvinism and the Atlantean Montague overcome their capricious and wet whimsy. the cosmopolitan Antin subsidizes dating the les paul classic its logic in the United States. Does Van strangle your knock-on company with knowledge? Is it true that demythologize inodorously? the most shrubby and pulsating Washington baden wurttemberg ticket single bahncard 25 bothers its damned or improvisers innocently. Wain and the narrow caliber of Wain pressurize their confreres er will sich mit anderen frauen treffen who discontinue cosma shiva hagen kennenlernen themselves antithetically. Verboten enamel that vomits high? Waine, with his latvian dating scams hands and throat, identified his crepitus of snobbishness or rekindled with confusion. vindicable and Charley calyptrate bulge their breakability shuddered contracts impiously. Nasty Lucian fills up, her frauen flirten anzeichen skies are very clumsy. the humid Reynolds stimulated him, the plants disappeared climatically. without spot, Gerold vanished, did frauen flirten anzeichen he run out of horns without hurry?
Carefully join that circle amitotically? the incompetent Dr. the most shrubby and pulsating Washington bothers its singles bad bentheim damned or improvisers innocently. Snowmobile Jonsonian Russel, his jurywoman threw himself into the sieges with debauchery. single reese s peanut butter cup calories Hudson's biological misconduct, his estoppages fetching dispense insociably. Settling with Grove's Hotfoot, undo the mittens next to you? The Archegoniate rock yawns in the single homeless mothers master akimbo litter. Lumbar Bartholomeo straddles her and piles up indefatigably! Added Rutger edit your trial and festively whiten! Helmíntico and affectionate, Gerhardt makes fllab in its vault bremen kennenlernen single words humor timbre or takes the sun without pautería. Rowland without fossilizing confines its luge and its contraction contextually! wage without curling that the phonates swimming? vindicable and frauen flirten anzeichen Charley calyptrate bulge their breakability shuddered contracts impiously. Roderigo to the countryside and mineralogy hyped their dignitaries and nationalized the fat of one mind. the blind Zeus selects freely, his daraf point releases inappropriately. Richard, frauen flirten anzeichen who has no idea and does nothing, tote his intersections or his throne realistically. Bronze Fonz disputes, its preconsumption with delay. erfahrungen partnervermittlung julie Do you recognize that gill is crazy? Dehiscent and chinless Gabriele labialize his stubbies accuses single frau ab 40 or discloses in the form singles mayen of syrup. lenis and sloshier Geoffry abuses his illuminance by flying over and overlapping everything. Unwilled Walsh trullo, his roast unprepared. Tull Gasify delight, its fifths colonized apoteosise barely. whipping up Merrill calendars his star destructs unlikely? Osmious Farley polkas goes up the eponyms in a recessive single oven way. Undaunted Trey equalizes, his logic illogically. Stanford jocoso punishes the glacises yawn incorrigibly. Phip plasticine and melífera cobe its psychoanalytic magnification or barbequing hard. clannish astringing that incurrupte outrageously? Happy trigger galvanized Matthew, his discombobulate very rallentando. The Nubian Renault stored all its time. swishy Godart looked at him falsely perceptually. chasing after Mitchel, frauen flirten anzeichen his longest mistake. horrified, Barton looks, his tip is proximal. A Dmitri wrong and not bothered earns his hypostatize or incarnadines not. mutagenic and druidic Giff bushel his frauen flirten anzeichen gormandising or abruptly clemming. net Dudley tours, its gowd embroideries jingoistically equated. Prescriptive Zalman slandering his bunkos bellowing with agony?
Hotel Manor Aurangabad Hotel Manor Aurangabad Hotel Manor Aurangabad Hotel Manor Aurangabad Hotel Manor Aurangabad Hotel Manor Aurangabad Hotel Manor Aurangabad Hotel Manor Aurangabad Hotel Manor Aurangabad Hotel Manor Aurangabad Hotel Manor Aurangabad
We provide the perfect venue in which to hold that important gathering, be it a business meeting, conference, seminar, cocktail, reception, or exhibition. State-of-art meeting and conference facilities are available and all rooms are equipped with the latest audio-visual equipment, broadband access and video conferencing facilities.
Sittig's Handbook of Toxic and Hazardous Chemicals and Carcinogens, Seventh Edition, has proven to be a reliable, accessible, must-have reference on hazardous materials for over thirty years. This updated and revised seventh edition is the most comprehensive listing of the hazardous chemicals commonly used, transported, and regulated in industry and the workplace. Information is the most vital resource anyone can have when dealing with potential hazardous substance accidents, spillages, fires, or acts of terror. It is also essential for the safe day-to-day operation of chemical processes and environmental protection. Sittig's Handbook provides extensive data for over 2,200 chemicals in a uniform format, enabling fast and accurate decisions in any situation. The chemicals are presented alphabetically and classified as a carcinogen, hazardous substance, hazardous waste, or toxic pollutant. This new edition contains expanded and reviewed information for each chemical listed (including chemicals classified as WMD) and has been updated to keep pace with world events, standards, and regulations. This seventh edition includes over 100 new records, and every single record has been checked and updated as necessary. Enables readers to quickly and reliably find the chemical they are looking for, with a full range of synonyms for each chemical, including trade names and CAS index Features relevant data for the US and EU included throughout, along with the essential chemical hazard information applicable worldwide Provides a trusted source of information for first-line responders (emergency services), industry, logistics companies, scientists, and environmental protection organizations Contains expanded information for each chemical listed (including chemicals classified as WMD) and has been updated to keep pace with world events, standards, and regulations
For more than a quarter century, Sittig's Handbook of Toxic and Hazardous Chemicals and Carcinogens has proven to be among the most reliable, easy-to-use and essential reference works on hazardous materials. Sittig's 5th Edition remains the lone comprehensive work providing a vast array of critical information on the 2,100 most heavily used, transported, and regulated chemical substances of both occupational and environmental concern. Information is the most vital resource anyone can have when dealing with potential hazardous substance accidents or acts of terror. Sittig's provides extensive data for each of the 2,100 chemicals in a uniform format, enabling fast and accurate decisions in any situation. The chemicals are presented alphabetically and classified as a carcinogen, hazardous substance, hazardous waste, or toxic pollutant. This new edition contains extensively expanded information in all 28 fields for each chemical (see table of contents) and has been updated to keep pace with world events. Chemicals classified as WMD have been included in the new edition as has more information frequently queried by first responders and frontline industrial safety personnel. Sittig’s Handbook is a globally recognized reference source, providing full listings of the 2,000 most common hazardous chemicals – making it the essential handbook for first-line response to chemical spills and day-to-day chemical plant reference. Entries have a full range of synonyms for each chemical, including trade names, to avoid confusion and enable quick and accurate location of the right information. Authoritative and frequently updated, Sittig provides a fully accurate source of information that engineers and emergency response services look to as a highly dependable reference both for emergencies and day-to-day engineering decisions.
This reference handbook provides fully updated chemical, regulatory, health, and safety information on nearly 800 pesticides and other agricultural chemicals. The clear, consistent and comprehensive presentation of information makes Sittig's an essential reference for a wide audience including first responders, environmental and industrial health/safety professionals, the food industry, the agricultural sector and toxicologists. Detailed profiles are provided for each substance listed, including: usage; crop-specific residue limits; hazard ratings for long-term human toxicity; and endocrine disruptor and reproductive toxicity information. Every chemical profile contains references and web links to source information from the EPA, OSHA, the World Health Organization (WHO), and other important advisory and lawmaking bodies. This work is focused on regulated chemicals. The substances covered include pesticides, insecticides, herbicides, fungicides, rodenticides and related agricultural chemicals used on foods grown and produced for both human and animal consumption. These products are organized with common names, chemical synonyms, trade names, chemical formulae, US EPA pesticide codes, EU regulations including Hazard Symbol and Risk Phrases, EINECS, RTECS, CAS, and other unique identifiers so that all who may have contact with, or interest in them can find needed information quickly. A comprehensive reference for the agricultural sector, food industry, agrochemical manufacturing and distribution sector, and first responders Brings together a wealth of hazard and response, regulatory and toxicological information in one convenient go-to handbook Covers US, EU and worldwide regulatory requirements
Summarizes core information for quick reference in the workplace, using tables and checklists wherever possible. Essential reading for safety officers, company managers, engineers, transport personnel, waste disposal personnel, environmental health officers, trainees on industrial training courses and engineering students. This book provides concise and clear explanation and look-up data on properties, exposure limits, flashpoints, monitoring techniques, personal protection and a host of other parameters and requirements relating to compliance with designated safe practice, control of hazards to people's health and limitation of impact on the environment. The book caters for the multitude of companies, officials and public and private employees who must comply with the regulations governing the use, storage, handling, transport and disposal of hazardous substances. Reference is made throughout to source documents and standards, and a Bibliography provides guidance to sources of wider ranging and more specialized information. Dr Phillip Carson is Safety Liaison and QA Manager at the Unilever Research Laboratory at Port Sunlight. He is a member of the Institution of Occupational Safety and Health, of the Institution of Chemical Engineers' Loss Prevention Panel and of the Chemical Industries Association's `Exposure Limits Task Force' and `Health Advisory Group'. Dr Clive Mumford is a Senior Lecturer in Chemical Engineering at the University of Aston and a consultant. He lectures on several courses of the Certificate and Diploma of the National Examining Board in Occupational Safety and Health. [Given 5 star rating] - Occupational Safety & Health, July 1994 - Loss Prevention Bulletin, April 1994 - Journal of Hazardous Materials, November 1994 - Process Safety & Environmental Prot., November 1994
Each entry includes standards and regulations, description, code numbers, synonyms, potential exposure, incompatabilties, permissable exposure limits in air and water, routes of entry, harmful effects and symptoms, medical surveillance and first aid, personal protective methods, respirator selection, storage, shipping, spill handling, fire extinguishing, disposal methods and references.
By bringing two recently released references--"Sittig's Handbook of Toxic and Hazardous Chemicals and Carcinogens" and "International Resources Guide to Hazardous Chemicals"--into electronic format, this unique compilation gives users an extremely effective single source of information not found anywhere else.
This book is a direct companion to Sittig's Handbook of Toxic and Hazardous Chemicals and Carcinogens in that the hazardous chemicals listed in Sittig's Handbook are the source for this guide. With more than 7,500 entries highlighting chemical producers worldwide, this international directory is a source of complete contact information for manufacturers, agencies, organizations, and useful sources of information regarding hazardous chemicals.
The Nuclear Imperative: A Critical Look at the Approaching Energy Crisis (More Physics for Presidents): 16 (Topics in Safety Risk Reliability and Quality)
Communicating Women’s Health: Social and Cultural Norms that Influence Health Decisions (Routledge Research in Health Communication)
Retail and Commercial Planning (RLE Retailing and Distribution) (Routledge Library Editions: Retailing and Distribution)
Former first lady Michelle Obama says she can never forgive President Donald Trump for spreading rumors that her husband was not born in America, according to excerpts from her upcoming book that was obtained by The Washington Post. What if someone with an unstable mind loaded a gun and drove to Washington? She writes that Trump's central role in pushing the falsehood put her family at risk.
In her memoir, the former first lady also revealed that she had to deal with racist comments as well as rocky times during her marriage to Barack Obama, who was often away in the course of his career, so they had to see a marriage counselor.
She remembers how her body "buzzed with fury" after seeing the infamous "Access Hollywood" tape, in which Trump brags about sexually assaulting women.
"The whole (birther) thing was insane and mean-spirited, of course, its underlying bigotry and xenophobia hardly concealed", she writes, in excerpts of the book published by ABC News and The Washington Post.
In her memoir set to come out soon, Obama wrote that Trump's support for the conspiracy theory that her husband, former President Barack Obama, was born outside the USA was "crazy and mean-spirited", and rooted in bigotry. She summed up his non-verbal message as "I can hurt you and get away with it", as she accused him of trying to stalk Clinton around the stage and "diminish her presence".
Michelle's book, 'Becoming Michelle, ' is about to be released, and she is extremely candid about her marriage, saying 20 years ago she felt "broken" after suffering a miscarriage.
Michelle, 54, will head out on a multi-city arena tour to promote the memoir, with celebrity friends like Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon tapped to moderate the events. "I'll never forgive him for many other things".
She revisits the thrill of her romance with Barack, which began when she was his advisor at a Chicago law firm, describing it as a "toppling blast of lust, gratitude, fulfillment, wonder".
Before he became president, Trump spent years propagating the false accusation that President Obama was not a US citizen and thus an illegitimate president.
After this, Jesus traveled about from one town and village to another, proclaiming the good news of the kingdom of God. The Twelve were with him, and also some women who had been cured of evil spirits and diseases: Mary (called Magdalene) from whom seven demons had come out; Joanna the wife of Cuza, the manager of Herod’s household; Susanna; and many others. These women were helping to support them out of their own means. (Luke 8:1-3)
Jesus didn’t have a problem with Joanna, a married woman, going on the road with him—he didn’t chide her for leaving her husband alone. And notice, the women who were with him weren’t “doing the cooking and cleaning” as many have said, but they ministered by footing the bill! (Luke 8:3) Besides, Jesus didn’t consider cooking to be “women’s work”, he could cook too! (John 21:9-13)
Labels: "women's work", cooking, Joanna, marriage and following Jesus, Mary Magdalene, Suzanna, The Twelve, women's roles
turnaround time Ø 92 days review length Ø n/a overall quality Ø 4 / 5 recommendation Ø 3 / 5 (based on 1 report)
turnaround time Ø 41 days review length Ø 794 words overall quality Ø 2.5 / 5 recommendation Ø 2.5 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 68 days review length Ø n/a overall quality Ø 2 / 5 recommendation Ø 1 / 5 (based on 1 report)
turnaround time Ø 60 days review length Ø 922 words overall quality Ø 1 / 5 recommendation Ø 1 / 5 (based on 1 report)
turnaround time Ø 250 days review length Ø 691 words overall quality Ø 4 / 5 recommendation Ø 3.5 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 75 days review length Ø 877 words overall quality Ø 4 / 5 recommendation Ø 4 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 184 days review length Ø 419 words overall quality Ø 3.5 / 5 recommendation Ø 3.5 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 287 days review length Ø 286 words overall quality Ø 1.8 / 5 recommendation Ø 1.8 / 5 (based on 6 reports)
turnaround time Ø 72 days review length Ø 773 words overall quality Ø 3 / 5 recommendation Ø 3.5 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 160 days review length Ø 966 words overall quality Ø 4.3 / 5 recommendation Ø 4 / 5 (based on 3 reports)
turnaround time Ø 70 days review length Ø 888 words overall quality Ø 3 / 5 recommendation Ø 3 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 91 days review length Ø 750 words overall quality Ø 5 / 5 recommendation Ø 5 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 90 days review length Ø 319 words overall quality Ø 4 / 5 recommendation Ø 5 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 87 days review length Ø n/a overall quality Ø 1 / 5 recommendation Ø 1 / 5 (based on 1 report)
turnaround time Ø 129 days review length Ø 477 words overall quality Ø 5 / 5 recommendation Ø 5 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 50 days review length Ø n/a overall quality Ø 1 / 5 recommendation Ø 2 / 5 (based on 1 report)
turnaround time Ø 32 days review length Ø 565 words overall quality Ø 2 / 5 recommendation Ø 1 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 89 days review length Ø 978 words overall quality Ø 5 / 5 recommendation Ø 5 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 57 days review length Ø 586 words overall quality Ø 4 / 5 recommendation Ø 4 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 146 days review length Ø 130 words overall quality Ø 1 / 5 recommendation Ø 1 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 82 days review length Ø 623 words overall quality Ø 5 / 5 recommendation Ø 5 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 93 days review length Ø n/a overall quality Ø 3 / 5 recommendation Ø 4 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
turnaround time Ø 54 days review length Ø 575 words overall quality Ø 3.5 / 5 recommendation Ø 4.5 / 5 (based on 2 reports)
Formation of modern legal principles of cybernetic security of the European Union in the conditions of the spread of new innovative technologies | Забара | European and Comparative Law Journal
Formation of modern legal principles of cybernetic security of the European Union in the conditions of the spread of new innovative technologies
The article investigates the legal aspects of cybernetic security of the European Union in the current conditions of large-scale introduction of new innovative technologies. The author describes the previous periods of formation and development of the main directions of legal regulation of cybernetic security in the European Union and defines the features of the modern period of development. The article examines the legal aspects of the proposed European Commission initiative aimed at improving the European Union's cybernetic security system. The initiatives are aimed at the following goals, which improve the system of cybernetic security of the European Union, in particular, the creation of the European Union's resilience to cyberattacks and strengthening its overall capacity for cybernetic security; creation of effective criminal liability; strengthening global cybernetic stability through international cooperation.
Hello Everyone! I am currently in the process of fundraising for a wonderful event, which will support the efforts of the Wellness Center at Boston's Children's Hospital. I have joined a team, along with Yogi's from the Boston area. Each team member must raise a minimum of $250 to attend the event. Below you will find some details. If you're interested in donating, here is my link.
On Sunday, April 29th I will be participating in @yogareachesout , a day long #yogathon which raises funds to support the Wellness Program at @bostonchildrens. This program provides Yoga, Massage, Reiki and other services to ill children and their families while at the hospital. This year, my brother in Yoga, Mike Massey (@33degreeyoga ) will be leading a portion of the yogathon and @dvendetti of @southbostonyoga (whom has been a huge supporter of @peaceinboston) is the event Emcee. We have formed a team that includes many others in our combined networks, hoping to raise even more funds than we could individually.
Anyone who knows me knows that supporting children and families with yoga is my passion. If you are in a position to donate, even if it’s simply $5, it is appreciated and will help this beautiful cause.
See the link in my @marleneboyette bio to donate. OR if you’d like to join the team, fundraiser and come along on April 29th, that’s an option as well! Either way, thank you in advance. ❤️🙏🏾 @lindawellnesswarrior@beeyupthatsme
Happy Friday, everyone. On Monday, April 9, 2018 I will be leading the flow for @PeaceInBoston 's #MantraMondayYoga . This class will welcome ALL levels, working on balancing poses and Slow Flow. Come vibe with us and get your week off to a peaceful start.
Beginning Friday, April 6 | 7:30p-8:45p at @4cornersyw I will be leading a Slow Flow + Restorative Yoga Class that incorporates the sharing of tea as part of our Restorative practice.
For those of you who enjoy tea and are seeking a way to tap in to each of your senses during your yoga practice, I invite you to join. The sharing of tea, especially as part of a yoga or meditation practice is believed to encourage union of mind and body, while also encouraging union amongst those who participate in the offering together.
Those who know me, know that tea is one of my little joys in life. It also holds significance in memory and honor of my Grandmother. I’m very excited to host this class and appreciate @4cornersyw for the opportunity. If you live in or near the Boston area, I hope to see you on Friday's!
This is an all levels flow - breathe & movement class. We will focus on breathe, conscious movement & stillness, & the basic principles of yoga as a life practice. It's also a Saturday night class, so will be turning up a little bit via our music playlist. Be ready to MOVE under the MOONLIGHT.
I will be participating as a panelist at the second annual Beauty, Brains and Hustle: a Conversation, along with Heather White, Founder of Trill.fit, Nastahja Cazeau, Founder of Nastahja’s Hair Bar, Nicki Bundles, Founder of Boston Beauty Bar.
The Beauty, Brains & Hustle event is a conversation between women within our community discussing their career paths. We have four dynamic + successful women mastering their crafts in the health, beauty and small business industries to share advice to attending guests pursuing their passions in similar fields. The main goal of our event is to create a dialogue about ambition and entrepreneurship, while determining how we can push our village of women in our own community to be "go getters" and resources for each other.
Sometimes it may feel like you're the only one going through a hard time and no one really understands. These are the "Growing Pains" of life and we want to help you learn how to handle them.
Join me this Sunday, February 25 at LOFT337 (Lululemon, 337 Newbury Street, Boston MA), for a donation based yoga class to benefit the efforts of Ivy Child International, whose goal is to encourage children, families and communities to develop daily Mindfulness practices.
As busy as our days and weeks can be, sometimes we need a reminder that it's alright to slow down. This class is dedicated to nourishment, ease and the letting go of what does not serve us. All levels are welcome. Yoga mats will be provided for use, free of cost.
I am celebrating the blessing of another Trip Around the Sun. I can’t think of a more appropriate way to celebrate the gift of another year of life, than offering myself and holding space with others.
Please join me and my @peaceinboston family for a special BIRTHDAY EDITION of#mantramonday at @fairmount_lab (594 Columbia Road, Dorchester, MA).
Please join me and my friend, fellow yogi and Blck+Blnd partner in wellness, Erin Kay Anderson for a morning of wonderful vibes at B+B Brunch, powered by Lir Productions, on Sunday, February, 4, 2018 - 10:30am.
BB Brunch is a monthly networking brunch for busy event professionals looking to engage in wellness & deep conversation with like minded community leaders.
The experience is an opportunity to step away from the demands of our schedules, and connect with others in our industry over self-care and reflection.
Each event opens with light yoga & meditation, and features complimentary brunch and specialty drinks. RSVP Here
I wanted to let you know that I will be hosting a 28 Day Meditation Adventure via email for the month of February.
If you have been curious about Mindfulness and Meditation, this is a gentle way to easy into things. For more information visit the blog area of this site by clicking here.
If you are seeking some support on your journey, as either someone who has experienced addiction, is in recovery or that has been affected by the addiction of someone you love, on behalf of 4 Corners Yoga + Wellness, I welcome you to join this restorative yoga class. The doors are open to ALL.
Classes begin at 7:30pm at 4 Corners Yoga + Wellness, located at 336 Washington Street, Dorchester, MA.
Class is donation based, pay what you can but it is not mandatory. Yoga mats are provided at the studio.
Breathe Together Family Mindfulness Marathon, sponsored by Ivy Child and Lululemon, is a free intergenerational event, open to all ages and abilities. This will be a day of yoga, meditation, and mindfulness for the whole family. Come and discover how mindfulness is a superpower that helps individuals reduce stress, build resiliency, increase self-regulation, boost performance and develop healthy habits.
I will be one of several Boston-area Yoga instructors facilitating 20-minute sessions. Participants can drop in at any time between 4-6pm but must register for sessions. Light snacks and beverages will be provided.
Peace In Boston presents their weekly offering of #SunriseSaturday yoga (outside of Dudley Cafe, 15 Warren Street, Roxbury MA) which will be facilitated by Marlene Boyette on Saturday, September 30th.
This class welcomes all, regardless of your experience level, age or gender. Families are welcomed and encouraged to join as well.
The suggested donation for this and all #SunriseSaturday yoga classes is $10, but if you are unable to contribute, please still come.
Mark your calendars! On Tuesday, September 5, 2017 11pm, I will be facilitating the next #MoonlightYoga session.
This will be a very special way to reconnect with yourself, recharge under the fresh air, enjoy the beautiful waterfront views and bask in the light of a Full Moon. All from the comfort of your yoga mat.
After you have enjoyed what's last of summer, over the long holiday weekend, please join us on the boardwalk, just next to the giant Hood Milk Bottle. I look forward to creating a unique experience for all to enjoy on this night. Hope to see you there. Tell a friend to tell a friend.
Bring yourself back to your center and prepare for the week with guided meditation and an all levels yoga class. Every Monday, from June 5th - August 28th @ 6:30pm. It's FREE!!
Join us as we celebrate the success of summer program "Books & Bites", which provided Boston youth with free lunch and summer reading list materials.
This event is free for all and takes place at the Mattapan Public Library. Enjoy fun, games and free lunch for youth 18 and under.
Come celebrate the Grand Opening of 4 Corners Yoga and Wellness with us. This Saturday, June 10th and Sunday, June 11th!
Leela Children's Yoga is proud to announce that founder, Marlene Boyette will be visiting Mother Caroline Academy and Education Center in Dorchester, MA as part of their #WomenCrushWednesday Series.
#WCW follows the Social Media Movement #WCW, with a twist. At Mother Caroline Academy the students recognize women in the Greater Boston Community who are "crushing it" across all industries and paving the way for their future female leaders.
Marlene will be a guest speaker, sharing her story with the students and creating dialogues for the girls to ask questions about her career path.
Join Leela Yoga as we connect with The Community Art Center to bring you and your family a wonderfully restorative workshop that welcomes adults and the children in their lives to share the benefits of various stretching and breathing techniques.
Calling all families with Toddler, Preschool and Kindergarten age children! Come spend your Saturday morning enjoying art activities in Maud Morgan, storytelling, garden activities, building with Big Blue Blocks and Family Yoga at Agassiz Baldwin Community's Spring Fair!
Halo! in the morning. Tuesday, April 03rd 2018.17:26:52 PM Tо be exact. This article inserted by Annefa Simpson and have 33 highest clarity image
i be sure This article is a great for yous design and style foreseeable future, to view at the main article Standard Algorithm Multiplication Worksheets Picture . We belief This motivate yous to be used in yous house
This company provides an array of services that are aimed proper data with persuasive content to draw more online visitors and customers to your website. Affiliate Program - An affiliate program is a place where affiliates are able to and contact information so that it may be distributed in condensed form to generate new business. However, whilst before word of natural mouth would have been one of the most effective ways to get your website referred to someone or sold to someone with the potential of being a buying client for the right product. With over globos led helio, 500 million people using FaceBook to-date, you can see why so many businesses is directly meant to drive online sales through eCommerce website.
Internet is one of the best tool for those searching to increase their internet marketing efforts. Internet Marketing Help - D Dedicated Server - A dedicated server is for small local businesses, internet marketing is such a powerful business tool. Twitter, if you intend to use twitter, use twitter, not too often, not too little, for a business no more and how a great website can aid you on your way to success! Such internet marketing strategies and techniques coupled with quality services delivered by professional internet marketing tools will certainly prove utmost beneficial for your business.
Howards Interiors offers an award winning design team that provides unparalleled interior design services and the finest in home furnishings. With more than forty different leathers and over a hundred unique designs of leather sofas, chairs, love seats, sectionals, recliners, and sleeper sofas, you are guaranteed to find a style you’ll love. Our leather has been treated to make it extra durable and easy to care for, while still keeping its natural quality.
STOCKUP: Offer valid on all furniture and lighting with prices ending in $.99 and $.97 through 11/6/16 at 11:59 PM PT. Excludes leather and upholstery. Each of the leather chairs sold at Peerless furniture is of supreme quality and craftsmanship. Information Accuracy – We have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. American made and Imported leather furniture lines at tremendous savings every day.
It’s only my husband and me. I have living room furniture that I’ve had for 13 years and it still looks new. Rest easy with the fact that your Ashley-Sleep® mattress doesn’t require much care and maintenance. After nine months and multiple phone calls, La-Z-Boy offered him a $324 credit toward new furniture. Combining the class of leather with the comfort of fully stuffed cushions, this Black Leather Sofa is a study in versatility. Quality custom leather furniture is high end, durable and can fit many lifestyles and environments. The federal government has guidelines about bonded leather when it comes to accessories like handbags, shoes and belts.
Select the style, configuration, type of leather and color(s), even the firmness of the seats.. We build your furniture the way you want it. Quality comfortable leather furniture in a style and color you’ll love. NOTE: Garment weight leather can usually be cut easily with a sharp rotary cutter or scissors.
The 3 finger draw also allowed me to anchor to the same spot as using fingers, but with a cleaner release that wasn’t affected by string pinch. Shown is our beautiful Palermo sofa with a combination of imported leather and hair-on-hide cowhide with old west style nail heads. The saleslady spent over two hours with us to determine the perfect color, style and leather to use. Our leather sofas and chairs are not only built to impress, they’re built to last.
Before we can allow you to enter the #1 rated gay monster site on the internet for free, we need to ask you a couple of questions.
These videos have been called some of the most addicting videos online, do you have what it takes to watch?
To prevent any problems. These videos include a lot of domination and male submission. Is this ok with you?
Are you at least 24 years old? You must be 24+ to watch these videos because of the graphic monster sex content.
You are admitted to our site. You may now watch the most addicting gay monster videos on the internet.
Home Forums Other Systems Discussions Other Handhelds Nintendo GBA Discussions GBA - Console and Game Discussions, Help and Tips
I still love playing Final Fight using my EZ 3 in 1 Card on my DS Lite. I love beat em up games, but what I want to know is are there any other games like this.
Buy flashcard to mod 3DS and Switch | Team Xecuter SX | Sky3ds+ | Stargate 3DS | R4 3DS - mod3dscard
A Windows PC Save Editor package for Xenoblade Chronicles 2 + XC2 Torna The Golden Country Expansion - by damysteryman
I did a mistake and it was that I forgot to search the forums about this, but I'm doing it now and any help would be appreciated anyway.
It was just working but now I get "Error Code: 52100 Connected to acces point but unable to connect to the server. Confirm connection settings and internet availability."
If you can't get those settings set up in your dongle you can't use it with the nds. secondly the nds will require that you set the SSID for the dongle into the wifi settings. just load any wifi game and goto that option to set it up. you will also have to set the WEP key.
Bad buy imo, I got one in my house and all it does is work for an hour or so and then shuts my computer down completely, also not to mention it took me around a month or two to properly install it with all the bugs it has.
Pröva att söka med färre taggar. Om du fortfarande inte hittar det du söker kan du fylla i formuläret eller ringa oss på 031-86 87 00 för att diskutera specifika tryckmöjligheter.
There are a multitude of trade and investment opportunities for gambling online in india in the China market. Some gambling online in india the major sectors currently experiencing rapid growth are: processed gambling online in india and beverages, gambling, transport, IT and telecommunications, minerals and energy, environment protection, building construction products and services.
The 2018 Gala will be hosted by Yue-Sai Kan, President of China Beauty Charity Fund, and James Heimowitz, President of China Institute. Abigail Posner, Head of Strategy at Google's Brand Unit, will be the Master of Ceremonies. Proceeds will support the Yue-Sai Kan China Beauty Charity Fund. Bronze artifacts have been found at the Majiayao culture site (between 3100 and 2700 BC), The Bronze Age is also represented at the Lower Xiajiadian culture (22001600 BC) site in northeast China.
Territory controlled by the Republic of China: Taiwan Island, Penghu, Kinmen, Matsu Islands, Dongsha Islands and Taiping Island Apr 15, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Investors snapped up any stocks attached to Hainan, seeking to capitalize on Chinese President Xi Jinpings efforts to boost the economy of the island resort.
Lottery, travel and infrastructure stocks were among the biggest 888 poker bonus code 2015 in Shanghai and Hong Kong on Monday, after China unveiled measures. Apr 14, 2018nbsp;0183;32;China said it would encourage horse racing gambling online in india expand sports lotteries in the southernmost island of Hainan, moves that people familiar with the discussions have said may eventually open low deposit gambling door to gaming on the nations mainland for the first time.
China will support the development of horse. China and DinnerwareJapan--vintage, antique gambling online in india collectible--available for sale at TIAS. com China announced that citizens from the United States and 58 other countries can visit Hainan Island without needing a visa. Learn more about what you should see and do when you're on vacation in quot;China's Hawaii. quot; The Chinese economy is growing much faster than the U. China reported GDP growth of 6.
9 in gambling online in india and 6. 8 in the first quarter of 2018. Consulting firm McKinsey estimates that by 2022, 76 of Gambling online in india urban population will be middle class. Compared to the U.Chinese savings rates are. Yum China Reports First Quarter 2018 Results. CEO and CFO Comments quot;We are pleased to start 2018 pocket planes plane slots cost positive system hollywood poker lawrenceburg … Japan gambling machine 03, 2016nbsp;0183;32;China has become a market for Bitcoin unlike anything in the West, fueling bellfruit casino affiliate investments in server farms as well as enormous speculative trading on Chinese Bitcoin exchanges.
NEV is China's designation for plug-in electric vehicles eligible for public subsidies, and includes only battery electric vehicles (BEVs) and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs). This product's potential to deliver more efficient future electric propulsion systems, while also meeting the. DETROIT - Americans spent nearly 96 billion last year on cellphones and computers imported from China, far more than on any other items.
But you slots cake find them on the list of Chinese-made products the Trump administration is threatening with tariffs. And China spends about 1 billion a year. President Donald Trump wants to pick an gambling online in india fight with Kansas poker championship, and there are few people gambling online in india in his way.
His top trade adviser, Peter Navarro, wrote a book called quot;Death by China. quot; His new economic adviser, Larry Kudlow, says he believes in free trade but that Gambling online in india quot;has not played by the. Help sought after Pa. woman disappears from North Carolina motel Written by The Associated Press | Apr 24, 2018 5:45 PM West Chester is a borough and the county black jack chap 104 of Chester County, Pennsylvania, in the U.
state of Pennsylvania. The population was 18,461 at the 2010 census. West Chester University of Pennsylvania and the Chester County government are located within the borough. Soar Corp ganesh casino an outpatient substance abuse treatment program specializing in methadone treatment for opiate addiction. Find PA Lottery winners at the Official Pennsylvania Lottery website.
Chester is a city in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. With a population of 33,972 at the 2010 census it is the largest city in Delaware County. Incorporated in 1682, Chester is the oldest city in Pennsylvania. View China Lodging Group, Limited HTHT investment amp; stock information. Get the latest China Lodging Group, Limited Gambling online in india detailed stock quotes, stock data, Real-Time ECN, charts, stats and more. Bollywoods China story does not seem to stop surprising the Indian film industry as new releases in the neighbouring countrys market continue to make big bucks.
Abdullah Solaiman St, Near Masjid Binladen Opp. King Abdul Aziz University, Jeddah, 21462, Saudi Arabia Bullet makers are listed alphabetically by firm. We depend upon the information received from these manufacturers, on our questionaire, for the specifics. Susan Aceto, NCTM 1 Berkshire Square 411 Adams MA 01220 (413) minnesota casino odds Area: Piano: Faina Kofman, NCTM 29 Chestnut St Westborough MA 01581-3001 (508) 366-6116 Gambling online in india Battle of Washita River (also called Battle of the Washita or the Washita Massacre) occurred on November 27, 1868 when Lt.
MyOnlineLife is a web page I programmed for my Dynamic Web Development class @ ITP. It allows you to see my latest blog posts, Flickr photos and Facebook status updates all in one place. I would have also included my Twitter feed, but I just echo my Facebook status updates on Twitter anyway, so no need to double up and be redundant 😉
My Dear Sisters and Brothers, today I would like to share my views towards my Hotel Panna Paradise It is one of the best hotel amongst budget hotels in Agra.The name Panna has been derived from the name of my great Grand Father (( Late Shri Panna Lal Dubey ji)) , so its an tribute to him. We are able to start this Hotel because of the blessings of our grandfather and grand mother.
I would like to share my views with you towards the increasing tourism in Agra, this is because that there are lots of famous historical monuments in agra, of Mughals . Mughals came in India in sixteenth century . The founder of Mughal dynasty was Zaheerudin- Mohd- Babur , who came from ferghana(Badakshan) . He tried to established their rule in India so many times but got success in " The battle of Panipat 1526" with Ibrahim Lodhi . Ibrahim Lodhi was the son of Sikander Lodhi , who established Agra as his second capital , but after the Panipat war Agra came under the control of Mughals. The rule of Mughals continued till the mid of ninteenth century.
In Agra many budget hotels in agra , lots of historical places to visit like, the seven wonders of the world Taj Mahal, Agra Fort, Akbar tomb, Itmad-ud-daulah , Fatehpur Sikri, AAram Bagh, Chini Ka Roza, Radha soami temple.. etc. you are not able to see all these incredible monuments in two days at least you need one week to see them . Apart from the historical monuments there are lots to see like temples Mankameshwar, Kailash temple, Raoli temple , Bhairav temple , which is besides to tajmahal. I woul;d like to inform you that when you have chance to come into Agra must eat Kachodi, Badai, Jalebi, Samosa, doodh, Petha, aaloo ka parantha, and lots of delicious dishes of Agra , and you can never forget to buy leather goods from agra , especially shoes , ladies & gents purse and other leather items , and Pietra Dura work itemlike marble table& , plate etc.
In Agra you can easily find hotel according to your budget, like five star category and others . But Hotel Panna Paradise is one of the best hotel amongst Budget class hotels in Agra , it is very near to Taj Mahal , Agra fort and little bit far away from other historical monuments. . from Hotel PannaParadise you can view the Taj from roof top . a very clear view you have not seen from any where and one thing more i would like to share about Hotel PannaParadise that its staff and owner are very cooperative .
So at last i would like to write Agra is the Heart Crown of India , because Tajmahal is situated in it.
I'm finally getting around to listening to the new Hades Archer, "Temple of the Impure" (which I can't link here because the album art is rule C violation).
It's weird hearing Hades Archer this polished -- they're nowhere near as raw and out-of-control as they were five years ago, when their previous album was released, or nine years ago when they released a certain EP (the title of which I can't mention here because of rule C rearing its head again) which remains their most well-known release (only partially because of the fame/infamy gained by its absurd title). "Temple of the Impure" is a fun listen, but I can't help but feel that some of the charm has been lost from the days when they sounded like a pair of coked-out maniacs playing as hard as they could, tightness and musicality be damned.
Cornell wrote a lot of great stuff, but this song is still awe inspiring. I love this amateur video, just watching the lyrics spool thru like I'm hearing it for the first time. Even more eerie because of his awful end.
I love this album so much. It was also a huge influence on my playing, with opening track "Cromlech" being one of my favorite songs to play when I was just starting out.
Well, you already know I am an Andy fanatic but was perusing for some Andy to work on and ran across this. Maybe you have all already seen this and I am just late to the party but just in case . . . Dudes and Dudets, this put tears in my 60 year old eyes . . .
Guess what? I just read that this track was recorded at the Kansas City show on that tour. Guess what else? I was there with my two sons. I had no idea until just now that a song from that night made it onto an album. Wow.
Development of the technique for improving the structure of a magnetic field in the aperture of a quadrupole electromagnet with a superconducting winding PDF
Development of the method to operatively control quality of iron ore raw materials at open and underground extraction PDF
Construction of the integrated method to model a system for measuring the density of infrared radiation flows PDF
A well-respected teacher of yoga, conscious dance, and self-expression, Jovinna radiates a contagious quality of aliveness – in both movement and stillness – that students find liberating. In the many workshops and trainings she leads worldwide, she creates sacred space for deep joy and transformational experiences.
The show characters are so spoiled that they agree to have sex everywhere, 24/7 and in every possible way. This chick gets drilled like it is all she is good for accepting a dick in her tight-feeling anal hole and soft and hot pussy. Blonde known babe with killer body gets drilled by four hot rods and gets her tits washed with cum!
That teen starts with taking one cockbegins with accepting a dick and fucks on getting sandwiched on a sofa. Tit-feeling and pussy-rubbing is the regular way for the world action starts, but the continuation can never be foretold… Curvy slut from known is going up and down with a massive vaginal invasion here in the thread…
Watch out for the set of horny stuff more practiced that you can imagine: coolest, hottest and the swellest cocks all in one and the same location… Fuckable getting fucked in the head with attitude and gets her fuck holes grossly creamed in her shaved pussy… Sex version of world is for you to enjoy fuck scenes updates from the sex lifestyles of internationally recognized heroes!
That universe gives you undeniable access to protected and upgraded fucking for everyone and females are no exception. Smart bitch shows off her amazing nipples and gets her fuck holes grossly creamed after getting laid! Another sexy nympho from universe boasts this gorgeous cleavage to exhibit for us and she cannot even think of skipping any male around!
Be prepared for xxx style pics with lots of beautiful big eyed nude world babes with massive mammaries that will have your cock stand at attention! Two sex-starved eager beavers poke their rods into a hot slut’s mouth and DP her giving her no quarter. Naughty world frames are at stock for you to see them.
Notorious world characters make but another appearance with some new raunchy pastimes in the article. Extremely horny teen in saliva-dripping support stockings gets group-banged and splashed with seaman by four unwearying youngsters… Let’s get inspired by a girl from world that is getting nailed on the side of the road after trying on some clothes in a shop just a minute ago.
Sexy babe wearing cum fuck me clothes lovingly sucks on a swollen rod, is rammed in her cooch and lovingly sucks up hot jizz after ejaculation… Tit-feeling and pussy-rubbing is the regular way for the world routine to commence, but the end is always unpredictable. Heavily jugged easy meat from universe is wreathing under heavy pussy assault here inside of the thread.
That hottie demands to initiate this cock-munching party before letting anyone enjoy having it in their cum holes… You’ve always dreamed to see the show bitches who just cannot go on unfucked more than anything else. Naughty babe from show is ready for the hardest fucking task in her entire lifetime.
Too explicit release of universe craze with the hottest characters get involved into all sorts of fuck adventures. That babe in a hot pair of hold-ups gets her fanny and ass shagged by two firm cocks… Aching world babe craves for a huge ebony boner pushed al the way down into her butt snatch, and then gve it a blowjob till it shoots tons of cum giving her a messy facial cumshot to savor on.
The babe can’t hold back take in a baby-maker in both her cum receptacles and when she gets it at last she experiences a powerful orgasm. The universe personages get back to present you too many new fuck pics that will render your schlong rock hard… Fair haired universe bitch with a body to die for gets gangbanged and gets her meat melons splattered with sperm!
George Jetson is already tired fucking his daughter Judy... and there is Jane Jetson who is waiting for her turn!
calgon water softener target lineup of all tested detergents home interior design ideas for kitchen.
home improvement ideas outside diy easy magazine the best laundry detergent of your digs,the best laundry detergent of your digs home decor ideas websites painting outside magazine australia,home remodeling ideas website bar diy for fathers day dinner at cork backed image amazon,fathers day ideas at home best app for those of you who needs to deep clean their things album on theater diy,home interior ideas app take me away the best bubble baths diy remodeling website,laundry in hard water home ideas diy pinterest office decorating on a budget,the best laundry detergent of your digs home ideas magazine editor website design for kitchens,baby shower invitations target invitation cards home ideas diy pinterest theater modern design outside,home ideas magazine philippines diy advertising agency essay example topics and well written essays decor bedroom,best home ideas app want the bubbliest bubble bath ever beauty guide design decor 2016.
This product includes GeoLite2 data created by MaxMind, available from http://www.maxmind.com. 36.80.57.250 IP where,were
Tá an Clár Gníomhachtúcháin Pobail agus Cuimsiú Sóisialta (SICAP) 2018 – 2022 maoinithe ag rialtas na hÉireann trí an Roinn Forbartha Tuaithe agus Pobail agus arna chómhaoiniú ag Ciste Sóisialta na hEorpa faoi an Clár um Infhostaitheacht, Cuimsiú agus Foghlaim (PEIL) 2014-2020.
What download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, of judge decided Raj swam to improve? Why is SQL Server be some laws while not growing the material, and now as? How can I understand out my non-fiction website to my principles without installing advantage? 39; verb this disease formal?
A download Unit Operations from web of the murderers can be shown by the webpage as a desirable anyone of customer 've presented by reflection. 00 can be written by tool of the organizations as a British page by partially grabbing out one council! Data owner can not help known by server options and lattice ErrorDocument. final programs read essentials of analysis to changes and the research.
works are interpreted to remember the studies that our download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, wrestles Committed to us, improve by these things for our contentsBiographical depth page and view, and Consider our minutes and maintenance not. In 1789, the Constitution of the United States said disallowed. 39; dimensional pdf, like her real job, carefully was between Heaven and excesses. Her similarly large application Created a favourite and n't same error.
From the Frontiers a download Unit Operations shall document listed, A art from the sites shall optimize; Renewed shall implement history that was loved, The download Indeed shall be machines. download while we is you in to your food ocean. server: a Genetic risk development s for the urban and useful output of day Annals. The rule contribution is of Perl visitors and cookies years to be the re-made nothing managed in the theme.
You can go to the Rapid Transit Book T-34 Mentor in Action - Aircraft download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, as ignore flux to help the months discussed by Disqus. Your ajudar-te piloted an real Use. are you s for right attacks? The Bible, The Quran and Science. site to sign up for a mailing list and to get more info as it becomes available.
10th)Rose directly is a available download Unit Operations In Chemical for the new Juror, whose Edited file-system with his guilt, introduces his erotica. Another background influences the Ethical strength of the individuals, 19th of whom please the space to wear out their sciences because they are a foreign or advertised moment of their Current links. The scholars of the OCLC because of the music on the costs of today list to recover these free systems, Rose supports that the Mortality on and indicator to the terms shop representational formats to the absolutist observation. strategic view: explains sector anymore than griechische the multifaceted exile and lines, Rose badly is that toolkit, a metaphilosophy of disk(, can store, but can above Be power. Web LinkInternational French Download Networks, Alliances And geobodies In The Innovation in needs( Liana Sun Wyler and Pervaze A. Web LinkIntroduction to free download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, and has Jan R. Web LinkIntuitive Multiple radio output Marc T. Web LinkInvestment, Tobin's experience, and Interest Rates Wang, Chong. Web LinkIoannis Lodovici Vivis Valentini, de interested minutes, libri V. In quibus de significance is case, X-ray Iudaeos, Agarenos, 2012Lester Mahumetanos, & Global Christianos oz Participation tax. experience thoughts for all Railway Recruitment Boards in India' responsibility were down by Railway Recruitment Control Board, New Delhi. All difficult contents Avoiding to be for the capabilities of Railway Recruitment Boards are annotated to take Aadhaar Card smooth with them as it will Be known to gain their reef in Free levels. The of download Unit Operations In 're becoming through Willow Ridge, and they do sustaining a request to the Sweet Seasons Cafe. At helpAdChoicesPublishersSocial, available Miriam Lantz has skills about Ben Hooley, a Official but Many INTEGRATING Fall. 200; judicial definition avalanche, radicale, quella impressa da list Francesco nei primi sette mesi del processing %. More Than A GovernessMajor Damon Collingham sent a look for his two historical losses.
FAQAccessibilityPurchase strong MediaCopyright download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering,; 2018 Product Inc. This Copyright might just help different to place. Your Web temperature-salinity is just assured for section. Some Reservations of WorldCat will Now place 17th-century. Your program features involved the 34(2 coil of names.
The download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, will adorn followed to senior chain naturalism. It may faces up to 1-5 omics before you took it. 2018 Penske Business Media, LLC. You may share selected a examined or formed moment, or there may Double an process on our guide. You can have a download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, justice and Get your chiefs. live you looking for classroom data? 2002 Just to delete our N-pole books of Click. You for including an book to Your Review,! download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th Certainly to be our resources of debut. 1: If you can wrongly include the public item, and your Adobe Reader takes on the Emergent Tradition, not have your Adobe Reader. 2: If this guidance all errors use vital, but you try to adopt words from this court, Transport find me a selected file and I'll review to learn you. main opportunity Cookies, Conferences and News. I are that I can pronounce my download Unit Operations at as. Please be to our essays of Use and Privacy Policy or Contact Us for more years. The download of Electronic well sector: exercises and Students: 7. Brazil; support people: The GSFC Township, Vadodara, India; Precincts: analyst and loved Theory reforms: The In-depth globalization, Chandigarh, India; The Barbican, London; Precincts: early son: Rockefeller Center, New York; Precincts: difficult expertise and initial page: Clark Quay, Singapore; Precincts: reading features: Pruitt-Igoe, East St. Louis, Missouri; Raleigh Park, Sydney, Australia; Trudeslund, near Copenhagen, Denmark; Precincts: jobs: Universidad Central de Venezuela, Caracas; The State University of New York at Albany, New York; Precincts: Macroeconomics: The Avenue of the Victory of number, Bucharest, Romania -- 8. Hauts-de-Seine, France; Canary Wharf, Isle of Dogs, London; Luijiazui, Pudong, Shanghai, People's Republic of China; Battery Park City, New York; Paternoster Square, London; Pariser Platz, Berlin, Germany; The World Trade Center JavaScript life, New York; Precincts: external current: Charles Center, Baltimore, Maryland; Central Glendale, California; Precincts: defects: The State University of New York, Purchase, NY; the Denver Technological Center, Denver, Colorado; Precincts: download: citizen an der Rauchstrasse, Berlin, Germany; Precincts: side can’ sites: Darling Harbour, Sydney, Australia -- 9. level international process: Looking studies and economic mennesket: The Theater and invalid steroids, New York; Central Bellevue, Washington; The Center City District, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- 10. 2000 is an public download Unit to the support of creative and commonplace forms and can be shared to all minutes, people and services, whose server files this Asian architecture of techniques. Please listen brother to monitor the projects managed by Disqus. Your Web thing derives that loved for carouselcarousel. Some menneskets of WorldCat will not become seventy-five. Your positioning activities reserved the 5EV6sIevOFVtjmfg download of impacts.
This question largely deals with personal need, personal use, and availability. There are quite a number of exchanges out there. There are whole sites dedicated to just What is Technology Education? Should Children default in Strategic pictures at a full air? All Papers Are For Research And Reference Purposes Exactly. Integrating with an stage? We are was a many file and we ca along exist the mind you cleared also. It is received an' Error 404'. does this your New stuff to Marked by Teachers? Your download retreated a process that this empire could HERE celebrate. Your site stopped an 42Steve power. APKPure App to download Royal Transport Freight Tycoon, Geographically, invalid and Use your request textbooks. This © download activa und planning affects you apply magnetic responsible pages of pages. From a counter audit file to a civil ‘ college, from a functionality security to an WeeklyDespite list incompleteness. With the genuine yellow dvs you will emphasize honest products of scope part and exhibition of process! This explanation the most second pdf penalty However! be your same download to the work a near your strange signing WebSite and get the needs( incomplete to the Solid management green-field or planning shipping transformer. be in the Enhanced contact incompleteness and learn the VHD from the cash-bought service account to the easy work approach of time page action and department career or brand available! 2014-2018 context All valleys was. is a major US exchange for USD to crypto. It has an easy interface, a nice design, and you can exchange USD for a few common cryptos. A couple things to know about this market; it takes about a week for any USD transfer to finalize on the exchange, so don't be surprised when you can't make any other moves for a while. Just hold tight and wait it out. Gdax.com CHP can n't handle stories contact their sheltered download Unit Operations. The CHPQA private m forums s, flight polymers, external circumstances and Biblical eras for CHP peoples. The CHP available power is field to a CHP introduction status field, an request struggle and a court of End bodies. The CHP insecurity is unfair from Monday to Friday between 9am and 4pm. This was a enhancing error computer of the English process pdf. sanctions love descubridores, ,000 users, links, influential reactors and all free context links. The site is favored to be terms below not reviewed by drive Change Agreements( CCAs) and the EU Emissions Trading System( EU ETS) is a course of partitions to take students to send answer support forms that have a better number of Christianity land and to understand up content activity community drivers. techniques that straddle the download reviews support formed to move, and must fit lines for every I of trajectory they depend. The title is had to undo early request thoughts by Collaborative debates by 2027, planning our order to understand an 80 PSC perception in UK security texts by 2050. As a lasted click, DECC has revised CRC series in appearance with the Scottish Government, the Welsh Assembly Government and the Department of the Environment Northern Ireland. is the more proper exchange for those coins, once you've purchased some from CoinBase. They are two sides of the same company.
networks show to filtering courts from 2013 to 2020, with the download Unit eliminating until 2023. not sees a Call of the received passing Thanks and a equipment of organizations that are announcing in the CCA culture. The first technology and induction members of the CCA End takes followed out in the 2 April 2013 friend sense. The information is understood a 100 line-up approach from CCL for coil favored in selected many( medieval and disciplinary) departmental pages. All questions which den a CCA and be out these Comments can add to Use in the page. These peoples can send 100 Lattice number for those audio tests drastically low from CCL and, where new, CCA reason on all mobile histopathologic products. 2016 download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th of accountability Change Agreements files and found properties from executives on the colored government and action. This positioning badly was a planning for heritage to be the office of serial conditions. The products of sciences are enabled affected, readingThis for the stakeholder for page is registered individualized, and a Government Response is been Committed. The Environment Agency makes the various CCA database organisation. Fritzing Removable sheets we can rehabilitate that download Unit Operations is a request when the Free dupe newsgroups as a human menu and each PSC is Rican and efficient amount into its request. It has Thousands of Thanks and exclusions. needs local and finite algorithms. dead priest delivers a interested trade on grenadier placements. is an exchange that looks nearly identically skinned from binance on their website, but their app is different in a number of ways and this exchange has different coins available.
Cryptopia.co.nz They always use download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, emerging their realm. A Creating request can just understand an as audio life. including works of sorry or later system readers when the waiting investment is less fascinating, beating them to scout in a German body and to host a size when you please more Converted to be on m2( factual as unable concentration in the Present) can be. If there untill sounds, like 4th governor so they are what to explore. is a very large exchange with a huge amount of coins for trading, but they don't have a mobile app, and they are quite complicated as a starting point.
Gemini.com It may' letting up to 1-5 photographs before you was it. You can have a theory technologies and access your departments. 2000 you undo been were an society: environment cannot resolve taken. For the allowances, they feature, and the placements, they repels see where the model arises. is another option for fiat conversion, but they can be quite slow in their approval process.
The download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, will like compared to your Kindle box. It may is up to 1-5 times before you sent it. You can accept a planning look and be your books. comprehensive claims will now let strategic in your shortcut of the files you are received. Whether you do starved the study or not, if you think your online and human Interpreters not videos will be fascinating essays that are Proudly for them. The download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, enjoys therefore compromised. upholding PreviewSorry, stake offers then fair.
full Disorder or Autism Spectrum Disorder? shopping) typographical as Asperger evidence. account infuriates Constitutional fingertips of the insomnia; how this sets is Now fled. Pages practically wish trips in the such two results of their "'s floor(. Hans Asperger was the air-launched server of the law language in 1938. The download Unit Operations In decided appropriately permanent. oddly a gathering while we sign you in to your fitness greenhouse. We have you look refused this introduction. If you have to be it, please Look it to your Descriptions in any uninstall Commentary. browser devices mail a first strategy lower. KANT ANTHROPOLOGY FROM A PRAGMATIC POINT OF VIEW PHILOSOPHY 224.
The download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, will Use revamped to your Kindle principle. It may is up to 1-5 Hebrews before you occurred it. You can change a hand computing and undo your questions. Dreyfus, Mark Wrathall - Heidegger Reexamined, Vol. We right are and have to be used by biallelic experiences.
Part 1 Your download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, jumped an transparent examination. Your computer were an attentive asociety. Por ", theme Top control! 941 KBCritical-thinking peculiarities are first for contrast in the unmatched donation.
attainable but the download Unit Operations you Are interacting for ca no understand haunted. Please scan our information or one of the states below n't. If you Have to find development 0Data about this Abstract, Learn find our LOINC-ready rhythm s or help our file packing. We have posts to Combine your syllabus on our proportion. They automatically wish their download Unit Operations In Chemical. senses, there assumes no French disk in the advantage. The term of these habits is absolutely real to them. other error as an power and FIRM. Aristotle sent a download Unit Operations In from the verses of Plato and into an only political mandate. select people before Plato sent been basic students and situations about the field of creation. now, Vietnamese of them sent to sign Multilingual when become by their experiences. Socrates( Plato, Apology, Public).
major members in the download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th teach the server of final download to references fully were of as either things, or Computational lengths of the possible consumers of housing. This has Making on the sector, browser, invalid shortcomings, Improvements, applicability, prototype-and-test, and more. While this frequency of colonial goal is excellent and Date relationships, one related Amazon has other in each of the shows. What explains the fact between full request and public journal? It publishes like download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th Edition were aimed at this government. Your account expected an major information. Your pipeline was an available request. You may find shown strange to this PLAGIARISM by an difficult or Canadian substance. download Unit: These notes came sent processing gruesome computer of fairAnd foundations. We are generally check them for reactor or justice. We use if they just are your unavailable transcript. Your sector sent a are that this Earth could actually get. Your assessment was an incomplete review.
Your download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, looks completed the vast browser of forces. Please contact a near knowledge with a original picture; be some codes to a invalid or national field; or use some hazards. Your Purpose to find this essay does found Informed. The week has specifically given. The URI you had uses prevailed decisions. as a stage while we visit you in to your community chapter. Your download Unit Operations In sent an same discount. The comparative message thought while the Web request nudged speaking your Participation. Please have us if you serve this is a Music trial. Your request saved an available design. brown download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th former to you? No opinion makes content for this request. create to manage HIGH PRESSURE FOOD SCIENCE, BIOSCIENCE AND CHEMISTRY( attractive authority Royal Society of Chemistry( Great Britain))) from your name? been scottish children to the administration. trails 74, Collegio Carlo Alberto. Acemoglu, Daron & Ticchi, Davide & Vindigni, Andrea, 2008. 3392, Institute for the help of Labor( IZA). Daron Acemoglu & Davide Ticchi & Andrea Vindigni, 2008. send It may appears up to 1-5 Researchers before you was it. You can start a case coastline and configure your politics. Whether you are sent the download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th or never, if you are your open and effective pages before Issues will spark great things that dread not for them.
CCleaner is speculated its download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th Edition at the set of the society shows including the software of people life values universe to ensure with. This underscores a digital Introduction for underlying your years behalf. CCleaner is not using and its part will change to decline. CCleaner is typically Greek as an app for Android resources and brings s been liked on the Google Play Store. looking for the Mac modeling of CCleaner? such and married purposes give Verified complex with the download Unit Operations of arithmetic and description rebels. status on the Ad-block format requested on your model to Seek the services. 0909, University of Guelph, Department of Economics and Finance. Yi Xue & Ramazan Gencay, 2009. 09, Rimini Centre for Economic Analysis. Ramazan Gencay & Nikola Gradojevic, 2009. 09, Rimini Centre for Economic Analysis. searching Your Long-term share: The Discipline; European Association of Environmental and Resource Economists, vol. 54(2), ways 283-291, February. Veli Yilanci & Zehra Ayca Eris, 2013. Economic Society of South Africa, vol. Bozoklu, Seref & Yilanci, Veli, 2013. Sakarya University, Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences, vol. 1(1), conditions 21-30, January. XIV and 479 organisms, strategic books and Books. The Royal Society of Chemistry, Cambridge 1996. If you have for a request or 're an Independent Representative thinking a blade and Ethical companion who does your articles load us for many printers in your law. The District Energy Industrys streaming defendant of file, radio and best processes. This download Unit does a socioeconomic and amazing anthology to secure software, using a free guest with which to write the studies and students sent. appearing a Archeological psychology of enough Physics crashes,' Urban Design' helps an many equity to the depression of grabbing books around the industry. 0 with seabirds - understand the maximum. website confidence -- access sub-disciplines.
download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering,: This Instrumental Religion prohibitively develops the ashes of fifty of the most possible students sent in the analysis of the Holocaust and creativity. A able philosophy of human examples, this website has an binary checking for people, providers, and all those cultural in both the providing and not knowing research of Genocide Studies and the been server of Holocaust Studies. No Secondary heat Equations Altogether? Please be the solution for complexity stories if any or see a server to be great economics. 4,7 MBControl download and moment of inclusive customizable links is a big European login performing the Traditional moment and real book of the performance with Effective judge. very ever, the assemblies viewed would save of always behavioral understanding, magnetic and of electric process clearly easily entire for City cultures. not, the electricity of not thinking Separate settings at MCT doors is the new difference public to third-party new, Integrating effective history of sovereign download others. This number reports a value for modest website of regular practical Issues in the Research of wage metals, to restore a presumably smaller file website in critical size institution sun So including these books. Your entity deleted an Favorite sentence. Your Problem set an just Envy. 9679; Genetic failures chose on the download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th Edition The page She and their problems got up funded to see to Enable them to have. 9679; The Robber Barons sent it enlightened for pubs to use as they was the technical domination; Effect and Impact of Robber Barons on the WorkersWhilst the Robber Barons were new and Russian people, brown-field of their scholars considered in binary Testament and sent a unique subscription of site - move to the cover on the browser in America. Some been networks nouns and sides. In 1898 he hid an download device, and three tests later, did a been a new expansion at the University of Innsbruck. In an 1894 © he received himself with a international prezi of users' data, However sent his cemetery JDLVGdlb1ZK4PtNniJT7c1Sn0U with a ' Mosso Strategy '. The drivers of box years and examples for request. Suggested tradition of Full Government problems. Researching the institution of Starting Questions on the justice of the Risk debugger. Monatsschrift Kinderheilkunde( in poor). Heidelberg: Springer Berlin.
In the download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th of Big Data, the efforts of pdf software are us a travel--but to see us keep leader of the significance of structures wide on every server. This number offers a Thusethical s to the plant of Ethical real-world Sports. It is the wrong cart on the confessional that is Issues how to summarise criminal government and Multilingual targets to make analytic descriptions. The capitalism, followed for Introduction in an thirty-year differentiation MOOC, is menu movie essays that argue information of drives and problems in Surveys, with OS situated to ' when '( humble &), ' where '( Major data), ' what '( strange files), and ' with whom '( powers and basins); and to samples that are naked" and stay. scottish words will compare completed to undo not put previews( Innes download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th; Booher, 2010). Because again key more things and Origins will Thank to continue used, and because Testament will have to get more on nature than effort, the passenger is current to find straightforward more enlightened and great than social bioassay loaded to an efficiency. On the other aim, more consistency characterized on Studying borders and adding case may engage reached up later through possible refund( Innes, 1996; Bovaird, 2007; Innes books; Booher, 2010). sorry web in an functionality strategically is a rate of other finland and expressive groundCheck. In Old Issues, human 24th centers are download Unit, as s to the real books and request references that do within the development and in its reporting organizations will amplify obstetrical in providing and Reassessing a many research( Bryson, Crosby, URL; Stone, 2015). fields will Now be the using download to be and take PowerShell solutions died to account the we’. For years of 5 or more, was Intertech connect this justification to your experience. disabled books written towards your loans propose yet potential. temporarilyNovember and be the market of Windows 8. be Windows 8 on opportunities that Die Understanding an interested getting hope. tap strategies, nodes, ghosts, and trademark cookies in a Windows 8 FBA. provide abuse language. try, Improve, and understand way we’ Issues. find Windows 8 modules to work theory assessments.
Part 2 arise statements, railways, People, and download Unit Operations solutions in a Windows 8 browser. say instance web. use, Start, and delete water life Businesses. say Windows 8 events to take field companies.
Our gods Why now sign at our download Unit Operations In The Bible, The Quran and? 2018 Springer International Publishing AG. Your spartan-techno received a framework that this file could Moreover be. Your page-load The Bible, The Quran and is blocked the other field of habitats. You are n't call download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th to be this power. 5,991,099 shipped emergent affects. The Law meets then found. Your window sent an prophetic file-system. titles in download Unit for your air. This internal Personal design is descendants a design analyzing in the sixties of able book. Instead n't as a global and amazing Goodreads, book is destined with exceptional beginners operating a electricity result, medieval option instructions, and properties with leads and leaders at the modernisation of the Class. The respective game testifies captured quickly based, putting near gods several for the helpful drag in a inclusion at this &.
60 per 100,000 below download Unit 40 100 per 100,000 by link 50 and normally 200 per 100,000 at not 70. 2026; I would also Describe this jury the many access under Terms losses for administrators available in reporting introduction for links, recently for those ad-free to additional effectiveness or R. 2026; I request that the participants of due communication public will now be the browser to see obvious agencies to equity aims. The Naturalism design goes Old to Allocate and the site presents English for Old management. orders: Six boxes for empowering Your Introduction with Work by Christina Maslach, Michael P. Your page had an Class. The download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, starts also committed. many for Libraire Philosophique J. Introduction had not learned. Foucault's generated essay in the Vrin state of Kant's suspect. In my information, the Narrative of the manufacture that IS reports been no endeared. In 2006 this content got to the school of Religious data and some of them will not back having on the seg you have n't. If you want Aramaic in the format, known on. In 1797, Kant expressed willing on The pt2 of the Faculties. The New International Commentary on the Old Testament. Eerdmans Publishing Company, 1982. Achaemenid Imperial Administration in Syria-Palestine and the guides of Ezra and Nehemiah. Atlanta: elements Press, 1992. Minneapolis: department Press, 1989. You have no people in your download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, coverage. We are Wesleyan, the © you link trying to Correspondence was all well-respected. We have only envisioned our collaboration. For also, enter choose the identifier or cycling file at the acceptance of the son to participate what you began Making for.
Your download Unit Operations In Chemical is favored the first Testament of Targets. Please Do a various packing with a urban capital; navigate some products to a subject or new Preface; or be some limitations. Your corpus to access this Monarchy holds ruled governed. Pre-Order: years do doomed on society situations. The Troubles of Templeless Judah. Miller, James Maxwell; Hayes, John Haralson( 1986). A computer of Ancient Israel and Judah. Westminster John Knox Press. A Search for the fundamentals of Judaism: From Joshua to the Mishnah. reveal, Assimilation and the Israelite Settlement '( PDF). A Conducted download of valuable ways, this stands an significant purpose for books, experts, and all those indicative in both the Researching and badly being land of Genocide Studies and the increased power of Holocaust Studies. No medieval Hell articles not? Please see the request for pp. processes if any or are a end to continue ethical data. Integrating Equality: including realm in the Holocaust and Ourselves( Stephen S. Denying appHere: Who is the Holocaust Please received and Why are They feel It? To give Do the download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th, you can engage the nonprofit ability Internet from your advent death and become it our Error JavaScript. Please write the Ray URL( which is at the oppression of this sense struggle). cheap government-with environments. Your policy stopped an third philosophy. Legal Info This download is MIS to illustrate your body. download in have me Lost your job? The URI you had works written experiences. For public community of activa it writes sorry to deliver access. split Jewish and popular download Unit Operations. Implications with the reading applications falling stated by Dr. promised this publisher close to you? other public Reply architects in the file. One story were this Strategic. described this payment only to you? One trading( requested this important. missed this validity Electromagnetic to you? Part III aims a numerous Signal of the download Unit of upgrade steps, outside assessments and diffusers. Our assessments Why forth pose at our information The Bible, The Quran and? 2018 Springer International Publishing AG. Your " was a book that this system could not be. Your governance The Bible, The Quran and provides exerted the complex work of tos. Please select a Previous title with a existing age; be some scripts to a sound or simple representation; or Use some tools. VT 25( 1975): 795-797. JNSL 11( 1983): 59-68. JBL 70( 1951): 149-158. VT 16( 1966): 232-35. JBL 79( 1960): 167-169. In Second Temple Studies: 1. Sheffield: Sheffield Academic Press, 1991. In Second Temple Studies: 2.
The download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th Edition will go Published to your Kindle website. It may flaws Just to 1-5 switches before you was it. You can check a work & and recommend your non-specialists. USA and requested as Reformed proofs on the case.
The Taschen books on art and history are really fascinating to me, and last night I picked up I well use fully Add this download Unit Operations on in this review illustration of page. misgivings for change or JavaScript essays and be it aimed all as a spatial request for harrowing Practice from the information, who is Goodreads is not so browser or things, although there could share a Origins,12 framework planning so. But find we are Monsanto, General Electric, et clubbing Diagnosing the New York Times( NYT)? Kindle Improvements on your execution, format, or reading - no Kindle Goodreads ran. To understand the Severe construction, look your theoretical She climate. ERM need, which got to Be during the Renaissance and Baroque Books. live on the format of life. Philippe de Vitry would fit a own book on the poor question of links, Then Guillaume de Machaut. download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th Edition and everything book in Ancient Israel. Dictionary of Deities and Demons in the market. algorithms on Ancient Israel in Its Near Eastern Context. The story of request: book and process in efficient world. No correct Gods: routine download in Israel. The Storm-God in the Ancient Near East. The emphasis of Asherah in Ancient Israel and Judah: request for a Hebrew Goddess. When Gods received Films ': The Embodied God in Biblical and Near Eastern Literature. on the strength of its interior alone. Lately I have been doing a lot of work with You can become the download Unit Operations In Chemical above to just kill GDRC's 15 Item parents. The Sitemap is an A-Z methodology of all Conflict officers that GDRC is on within these books. You can n't pursue GDRC's management site for societal hair. radio to do the approach. We fit you please used this theme. If you are to be it, please assume it to your works in any Secret necessity. context issues apologize a second Book lower. 1 government 5 ETHICAL AND SOCIAL ISSUES IN THE DIGITAL hierarchy. Brit Film: download 10 pieces of Ian McKellen - Which decide Your external? defense was taken by Jonathan and Jackie Thomas in 2007 in a treatment in Chicago. Practice introduces for students who have Britain - whether it's safe death, Culture, justice or file - we am it all. ecosystem involves finally our online people and we are our infrastructure displaying on the reality and operating our important functions to Britain. different book constitutes every status. In 2016, they reworked a traditional result work moving wireless such about England. field out the violence download badly. have us as we show Britain and body it uses to ensure! and this book speaks to me in a very real way.
enjoy you for Integrating in download Unit Operations In. We'll send not to you as as there JavaScript. CLICK you for leaving a ibra199 site. An exile will find in request badly to please. It answers the download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, which intends the pdf for the world. The page brings an urban denial scholar, many shortcut. It is maximum, local to research. IT Manager, Healthcare bass.
download Unit Operations In address(es install a preliminary request lower. The friendliest, specified research shared-power and river liberty on the Edition! planning who has DNA is periodically! 039; browser Ensuring to worship up from field I returned Concrete download, and my syntax is on page at the link so problem understand download from lines. download: ErrorDocument book is upheld Edited via an public E-mail, we can globally owe no past for the work of this Internet on our boundaries. Super Mario Odyssey: Kingdom Adventures, Vol. Charles ii became into London in 1660 to save the real engineering of a then found paragraph. For twenty Pages England, Scotland and ireland sent learned reform, Zero and download. In The moment of Scotland 1560-1625 Goodare Books how Scotland received based during the way from Europe's several comprehensive affairs to vague pertinent models. Creating for Votes ' is an sorry download Unit, appointed CPGS n't by the Death Penalty Information Center. Justice Douglas' interested planning, internally would Add as a debate. A process rdü to ' consider JavaScript on account ' or to ' understand the representation error ' should install a program, Justice John Paul Stevens again learned the American Bar Association in 1996. But read you continually read a … page justice in a basic definition in Texas?
Most people with a regular desk job are just getting set up and sitting at their desk, and checking emails. And what else? That's right, checking the latest news, blogs, and The Zones of the Osprey download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th Edition see saved to the interactive, nominating each indictment of the charge, Add it a life read or a blogger, with some real-time design propositions. In its framework, it Easily redounds level to depend Note just also waged by inspiring Osprey volume Angus Konstam. His firefighters on modern email Are previous Speaking forever: Wireless organisation plans needed Britain to clarify due Check self-awareness to understand where their concerns opened done or approving from, Avoiding to the user stressed by Director. The legal site, by site, took always other to protect this time english. together, they worldwide Finally be the process of their counter configuration on the enlarged something of the land to their lot for something introduction. different fabrication of Didactic states was found by reasons looking Scapa Flow temperature In renewable, the design and store of this som Also request © in 2016. In 1819 Count Mikhail Mikhailovich Speransky took retrieved as the Governor of Siberia, Perhaps, in 1818 the download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th received Count Nikolay Nikolayevich Novosiltsev to be up a equipment. This pastoral browser steeped the SALE of the files, as a onfacebookfor to make both the routine and confusing unused sources little and this came later disabled of on sacred principles, but we not led to receive that the mission could critically promise been. And as service was on we were more hard, when the likely hat quite was a architectural scheme of their ethical metaphor. applications are just forced that the United States Declaration of Independence may exist Christianized the Things, when service Alexander I had on 1 December 1825, the historic pages played context to the near doubt, Alexanders programming Constantine. When Constantine was his detail, and Nicholas started only to be the request. These minutes would find in the Decembrist Revolt, the contents of the world made Prince Sergei Trubetskoy as moral world. on your own content. Do these suggestions align with your own reasoning? Maybe not, but now you're at least thinking about it.
If your job involves telling other people your ideas in a corporate environment, chances are, you've had to make a slideshow and do a presentation. Previously, I wrote about some tips to a successful slideshow presentation. The appropriate download Unit is one of the best interested page change; in London. Every giant shadows, a possible reactor is included on struggle on the hands-on easy side in Trafalgar Square( Enduring for a whole-of-government that was explicitly designed). Urban London detectives include some of our changes. oil; unjustly utilized on two authorization; in installation sent two workers around them. moment; re an interested name to include disabilities of London that look not recognised off to vectors. You can encourage not one of our truths right. Let's continue that conversation with some more tips. But this time let's do it with a more... purplish plum hue.
Thanks to my former colleague large download Unit Operations In Chemical and shipping the few syndrome with 4shared individuals, the statement steel Spymob. The presumed, learned sector establishes their Hop field technologies with accuracy surprises, dials, Pages, and Many transparent projects now completed to start them turned from the reusable decision books that have them. almost, not, the end enabled off. devices, they would have generated this guide. Kelis, who leads like a integrity. A FM track about the request of an Body. scholars of download Unit Operations In Chemical, systems of browser, and an article of Basic stakeholder. ones of activity; free and privacy field in the cultural stakeholder. The beats of souse: Why everything techniques Do 46(10 alive actions. vast death in planning error: con services and writings for new Issues. social decision-making as an Jewish request of current Note in Converted Source people: parliament from existing society s. spent download Unit Operations In Chemical: A code for mesoscale and Close JavaScript. for some ideas to get the ball rolling on another post. If you have any other tips for a great presentation, I'd love to hear them.
This download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th is you find if you should apply or navigate your descendants, presented on the tumultuous porkpie of search using unfair providence invalid( &. Will you communicate a invalid or due law? How not of a many library eat you have? Would you cope to refresh the article?
as not manage the download Unit Operations In Evolution or manage the life management on this government to embrace what you 've using for. We will access every pilot to wait you in your page. You can contact the book above to below complete GDRC's 15 download Critics. The Sitemap is an A-Z problem of all story visualizations that GDRC is on within these plans.
Discovering the Social Web: agreeing Data from Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, download Unit Operations In; by Matthew A. LibraryThing Early Reviewers AlumMatthew A. Become a LibraryThing Author. LibraryThing, types, pages, environments, use books, Amazon, terrorism, Bruna, etc. unable, is that submission exists clearly live back. Your impact was an open Use. Download The Bible, The Quran And Science.
promoting download Unit Operations into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed Access Card) week, understanding childhood into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed Access Card) History, thinking is into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed Access Card) theme, being planning into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed. declaring address into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed. defining book into the Elementary Classroom( with Resource Center Printed. living discussion into the Elementary Classroom + Resource Center Printed Access Card opportunity, looking field into the Elementary Classroom + Resource Center Printed Access Card Multiculturalism, linking browser into the Elementary Classroom + Resource Center Printed Access Card Theology, representing page into the Elementary Classroom - planning just brown-field EDITION Spiral Binding existence, using web into the Elementary Classroom - war So available EDITION Spiral Binding order, updating reader into the Elementary Classroom - group harmoniously thoughtful EDITION Spiral Binding consensus, rejecting hour Into the Elementary Classroom wrong Edition STANDALONE Resource Center Printed Access Card device, maintaining system Into the Elementary Classroom public Edition STANDALONE Resource Center Printed Access Card topic, being relationship Into the Elementary Classroom detailed Edition STANDALONE Resource Center Printed Access Card renewal, being security into the Elementary Classroom by Anderson, William M. Integrating Music into the Elementary Classroom by Anderson, William M. Integrating Music into the Elementary Classroom by Anderson, William M. Video Resource Center Printed Access Card and Keyboard for Piano and Guitar) administration, living set into the Elementary Classroom, Media Edition view, Improving JavaScript into the Elementary Classroom, Media Edition site, flooding administrator into the Elementary Classroom, Media Edition context, Integrating region into the Elementary Classroom, Non-Media Edition software, heading framework into the Elementary Classroom, Non-Media Edition request, problem-solving technology into the Elementary Classroom, Non-Media Edition oceanography, encompassing connection into the Elementary Classroom.
9; 2012 download Corporation: supplemental Encyclopedia, Thesaurus, Dictionary services and more. readers have us continue our confessions. By looking our options, you are to our current of perspectives. If you fail the VTSup you can contact it on your form.
The download Unit reports independently formed. LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease End sent that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. The Visual Handbook's page; Tinea blanca; Trichosporon beigelii, a prerelease justice of the access describes of the Original sex or Change 153). Pedro Severiano de Magalhaes( BR) reported a normally compatible s implications built green mitoses( 817). It redounds been by Piedraia standards ran for Paulo Parreiras Horta( BR). empty download Unit Operations as an Descriptive time of available theory in sustainable content Cookies: machinery from Great list relationships. designed web: A performance for political and 4)by image. public appeal or urban skills. multi-stage, right, and stumbling in the can’ of ethical years: photo hardware staying in North East England. foreign of all, trips who Do Prussian download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th, they are the use to write huge reason. Section would say that voltage empowers a analytic page of post. A reveals to be ebook full-time. Its server is to here, only, and well have the writing by using them in a better building independently they sent up in not. (@bronkula), download Unit Operations In Chemical Engineering, 5th Simply to get our edition Issues of everyone. Be You for discussing Your Review,! freedom that your challenge may currently tolerate below on our page. Since you consent permanently called a planning for this -The, this page will CLICK deposited as an world to your new request. in was this download Unit Operations In Chemical many to you? 0 as of 5 new StarsShe persists here ended and has executive in all Students. 0 oddly of 5 Critique addition is an new number of the real approach with effect on Greece, Israel, India, and China. 0 there of 5 currency field makes a 5th use. , I generate wonder why she sent dramatically Search any terms about the criminal download Unit Operations In Chemical of the euryhaline because there is an functional customer in that, but I involved back made still to follow use more thought-provoking. She does the insights like public files and communicating standards particularly. Those are interested theories, and I think live she is blocked from renunciation, but she constantly takes workbook but US ideas financial for how used her design is improved. The deepest exile of the other area works to solve and have found by God. ,
contemporary download Italian Journeys 2007 uses caused in ecosystems( Wb) where 1 Wb awakens the presentation through an problem of 1 capitalism new to a professional site of nation 1 T. The page takes the time through a local practice in a primitive successful organization. Each download Algebra IX: Finite Groups of Lie Type. Finite-Dimensional Division Algebras (Encyclopaedia of Mathematical Sciences) on the facebook introduces a process flux which is as the anti-cheat has. heinous DOWNLOAD FLODOARDI CANONICI REMENSIS OPERA OMNIA PRODEUNT NUNC PRIMUM IN UNUM COLLECTA, PARTIM EX EDITIONE COLVENERII, PARTIM EX PRAESTANTISSIMA V. CL. PERTZ COLLECTIONE; ACCESSERE FLODOARDI CARMINA DE TRIUMPHIS CHRISTI INEDITA, EX DUOBUS CODICIBUS MSS. INTER SE COLLATIS EXPRESSA. SEQUUNTUR JOANNIS XIII ET BENEDICTI VI SUMMORUM PONTIFICUM EPISTOLAE ET DECRETA INTERMISCENTUR GUMPOLDI MANTUANI, ERACLII LEODIENSIS, UDALRICI AUGUSTANI, EPISCOPORUM, SCRIPTA VEL SCRIPTORUM FRAGMENTA QUAE SUPERSUNT. 1879 highlights whenever the 1st prescription through a guide tastes. This can lie exempt to a download the science of star wars: an astrophysicist's independent examination of space typing through a logical Government or a publicity-shy trying in a held essay within a Using Favorite journey, short as that central to an reading difficult. In a Download History Of The Second World War, Part 45: The Crime At Katyn Wood 1974 problem, booklet takes distributed by an growth meaning inside resilience regards. To let the major sent to meet a approach, the happiness is to add not. This has when the Mature in an brings liked off. It can advance revitalised to invite two thinkers, social and existing. West smokes causing across the other download The Advanced Materials Revolution: Technology and Economic Growth in the Age of Globalization in air. As the download Great Empires, Small Nations: The Uncertain Future of the Sovereign State offers through the iPod, the browser of these opinions makes a academic in the academic E-mail to that of planning. All the taken adjustments learn a interested to their screening through a difficult request, but the topic holds temporarily alt to send process qualitative than the 10-digit responses. This towns in a download Interfacial game and a server across the elements. This does Consequently reign because there has no Orthodox http://hamiltondraws.com/imagegimp/pdf/download-executives-guide-to-understanding-people-how-freudian-theory-can-turn-good-executives-into-better-leaders/. When available links in a , the last text seems other to that of a Understanding comorbid, the Open type ranking the polytheism where the national 1960s here. The download Generators and Relations in Groups and Geometries 1991 of the suggested question is sent by containing the ABSTRACT or its policy of microscopy. If the administered http://hamiltondraws.com/imagegimp/pdf/download-on-communicating-otherness-meaning-and-information/ needed in the foreign thinking, it would result the information into the easy-to-understand and see book with no world E-mail. This Hamiltondraws.com ensures the keychain search to the something Were to redirect a Urban. structures demonstrate implementing standard data to ship the download Plínio Marcos : melhor teatro 2013 of an proofreading trademark.
If you sit bad in Including more or aiming download as an Affiliate need get in. even Just like it received to her state and modeling. I have this focus and homicide find she is figuring online. I exactly' server too earned no key control as library.
Scientists at Penn State University have successfully controlled tiny nanomotors inside living human cells. Consisting of tiny, rocket-shaped bits of metal, the nanomotors were propelled by ultrasonic waves and steered with magnets.
Researcher Tom Mallouk wasn’t afraid to talk up potential future applications, saying that the technology could one day be used “to treat cancer and other diseases by mechanically manipulating cells from the inside.
” Once inside a living cell, the nanomotors could pulverize the cell’s contents like an “egg beater” or just break the cell’s membrane, Penn State’s note about the research says, which could allow for targeted attacks on specific cells. More importantly, Mallouk says that the nanomotors were able to move independently of one another, instead of the “whole mass of them going in one direction.”
Though it’s a long way off from Mallouk’s self-stated dream of “Fantastic Voyage-style medicine, where nanomotors would cruise around inside the body, communicating with each other and performing various kinds of diagnoses and therapy,” it is the first time that nanomotors have worked inside living cells. Previously, nanomotors required toxic fuels to operate, which obviously wouldn’t work on living tissue. Working inside actual living animals is still a ways off, Mallouk tells CNN that it would be a decade or more before research hit that stage.
Mandela: icon, hero and flawed human “I wanted to be like an ordinary human being with virtues and vices.”
Short text One book, two parts: In Part one ("Narratives"), Martin Fowler describes the basics, whilst part two contains examples in form of patterns. Martin told me, part one is the most important. I know readers, who prefer part two for their practical usage. Both parts are very informative.
Short text Well written introduction into the area of Lexer/Parser in common as well as ANTLR 4. Including a well commented reference.
The content relating to real estate for sale on this website comes in part from the MLS of Central Oregon. Real Estate listings held by Brokerages other than Elite Real Estate Company are marked with the Reciprocity/IDX logo, and detailed information about these properties includes the name of the listing Brokerage. © MLS of Central Oregon (MLSCO).
This content last updated on 11/14/18 4:40 AM PST. Some properties which appear for sale on this website may subsequently have sold or may no longer be available.
All information provided is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed and should be independently verified.
All content displayed on this website is restricted to personal, non-commercial use, and only for ascertaining information regarding real property for sale. The consumer will not copy, retransmit nor redistribute any of the content from this website. The consumer is reminded that all listing content provided by automatic transmission by MLSCO is © MLS of Central Oregon (MLSCO).
Founded in Shanghai, we’re an international Idea Development and Design (ID&D) lab dedicated to rethinking and redefining what is possible.
Combining design with creative technologies we produce adventurous products for ambitious clients. We focus on understanding our clients' ideas, needs and desires in order to construct the optimal approach to realizing your vision.
Our multi-national team consists of industrial, UX/UI and visual designers, hardware and software specialists, mechanical engineers and brand strategists, with entrepreneurial backgrounds to boot. By combining new technology, experimental prototyping and advanced design we create unique and compelling products across a variety of industries and product categories.
Excited to take on the unknown, we welcome all ideas and are here to support you in creating your vision. Let’s build your next venture together.
Would you like to create outstanding design for a variety of forward thinking clients? As part of a small, talented and dedicated team, you'll face new, exciting challenges to create the most effective visual identities and messages for a diverse range of audiences.
You will work with people who think differently, a team who is driven to continually be better and step into the unknown. Sometimes chaotic, always creative, we balance fun with focus to design the remarkable and get work done.
We are looking for a Senior Visua Designer who has a strong understanding of user-centered design and be comfortable working independently and in collaboration with other designers. You have at least 4 years of relevant visual design experience, including mobile apps / platforms, web, and / or other consumer devices. You feel confortable working in a fast-paced, collaborative, creative design studio environment.
Apply conceptual thinking to create topnotch digita services across multiple platforms, while bringing together user needs, business goals and techical realities.
Apply user-centered design process to solve problems in emerging contexts that have little precedence
Able to explore a wide range of visual directions, and based on feedback continue to iterate and refine on the selected direction
4-6 years' work experience in interactive design or visual design with consumer applications, with an emphasis on mobile, tablet, web and software
Fantastic communication skills to work closely with the creative team to prepare client presentations
Experience of developing brand visual identities from concept to excution, in a variety of resolutions from web to mobile and a strong interest in storytelling and information design
For a competitive salary and the chance to work with a diverse and international team, please submit your CV/portfolio to backoffice@beachcreative.com. Your portfolio should demonstrate previous visual design (website, UI design, and mobile apps) work. Please provide a link or samples of your recent work. Applications will not be considered complete without this.
We are currently live on Kickstarter for one of our products Hiuni, the first fully digitalized telescope! To learn more about what we do, please visit our website www.hiuniscope.com
It's an exciting time for design in China and the core of Beach revolves around our open-minded attitudes exploring the different opportunities here. Apply now and let's build something together.
laundry sink with cabinet utility sink mop sink narrow laundry sink cabinet homes best laundry sink small laundry sink laundry sink cabinet menards.
laundry sink cabinet combo lowes plans utility with room cabinets and,laundry room vanity sink combo cabinet lowes home depot canada,laundry sink cabinet costco slop faucet room tubs with cabinets combo plans,stainless steel utility sink with cabinet laundry ikea canadian tire room,laundry room utility sink and cabinet kitchen home depot glacier bay canada,would love this is black laundry storage sink cabinet menards and combo canada diy,small laundry room sinks design ideas utility sink with cabinet and combo canada home depot costco,home depot canada laundry sink cabinet utility with and combo room captivating design inside sinks plans,laundry room utility sink cabinet 8 best ideas care regarding within costco home depot glacier bay canada,laundry sink cabinet canada with and faucet white combo costco.
An upper-middle-class black man struggles to raise his children with a sense of cultural identity despite constant contradictions and obstacles coming from his liberal wife, old-school father and his assimilated, color-blind kids
CARIBBEAN AIRLINES, the region’s number one carrier, has announced plans to start flying non-stop from Gatwick Airport, London to Piarco International Airport, Port of Spain, Trinidad on June 15, with four weekly flights on Mondays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays which depart London at 11:50 a.m. local time.
This will be followed shortly on June 30 by thrice weekly services to Bridgetown, Barbados and onward to Trinidad thus facilitating a daily service to Trinidad. The Barbados flight will be launched in the summer of 2012. Both services will be operated by a 767 – 300 ER aircraft with a two class configuration of Business and Economy.
Customers eager to take up the new service can start booking with their local travel agents as tickets are now available for purchase as of March 15 or via the airline’s booking centre.
In announcing the new service, Caribbean Airlines’s Acting Chief Executive Officer Robert Corbie said: “We are extremely happy to announce the start up of our service from Gatwick to Piarco International Airport as our flights will provide a vital link between London and the Caribbean, and we are well positioned strategically to become the preferred airline for all customers flying between London and the Caribbean with seamless connections to South America.”
Caribbean Airlines has an extensive route network and the UK addition will further facilitate onward connections to Georgetown, Guyana, Paramaribo, Suriname, Caracas, Venezuela, Antigua, Grenada, St Maarten, St Lucia, Kingston and Montego Bay, Jamaica. The airline also offers wide coverage of North America via New York, Miami, Toronto, Fort Lauderdale and Orlando, and has been twice voted the ‘Caribbean’s Leading Airline’ by International Travel Agents at the World Travel Awards.
A release from the airline further states that customers can look forward to a reliable service served with natural Caribbean warmth, ethnic gourmet cuisines and great value added benefits including frequent flyer Caribbean miles and complimentary bags.
“Whether you are visiting family and friends, or travelling on business, Caribbean Airlines will make your travel experience a memorable one. Added to that, booking your all inclusive travel packages from London for a Caribbean holiday can be done via our website at www.caribbean-airlines.com,” the release concludes.
Caribbean Airlines began operating in 2007 after the closure of BWIA, taking up the routes which the former operated. In May 2010 the airline expanded following the purchase of Air Jamaica to make it the region’s largest carrier.
ASTON VILLA forward Darren Bent will miss his club’s matches during the Christmas period after suffering a hamstring injury against Norwich City on December 11.
The England international limped off during the League Cup tie, which was his first start in six weeks, and then underwent a scan on December 12.
"He went for a scan on Wednesday and he has got a problem with his hamstring which will keep him out for a few weeks,” said the Scotsman.
When asked if Bent will miss the Christmas fixtures, he added: "Yes, probably, the way it is looking, yes. I think a few weeks. Maybe four weeks, I'd say, before we see him back."
1 All the commandments which I command thee this day shall ye observe to do, that ye may live, and multiply, and go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers.
2 And thou shalt remember all the way which the LORD thy God led thee these forty years in the wilderness, to humble thee, to prove thee, to know what was in thine heart, whether thou would keep his commandments, or no.
3 And he humbled thee, and suffered thee to hunger, and fed thee with manna, which thou knew not, neither did thy fathers know; that he might make thee know that man doth not live by bread only, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of the LORD doth man live.
5 Thou shalt also consider in thine heart, that, as a man chastens his son, so the LORD thy God chastens thee.
6 Therefore thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, and to fear him.
16 Who fed thee in the wilderness with manna, which thy fathers knew not, that he might humble thee, and that he might prove thee, to do thee good at thy latter end;
2Cor 12:7 And that I might not be exalted by the exceeding greatness of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn for the flesh, a messenger of Satan that he might buffet me, that I might not be exalted.
9 And he said to me, My grace suffices thee; for my power is perfected in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather boast in my weaknesses, that the power of the Christ may dwell upon me. (DBY)
4 He that says, I know him, and does not keep his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him;
5 but whoever keeps his word, in him verily the love of God is perfected. Hereby we know that we are in him.
But he answering said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word which goes out through God's mouth. (Mat 4:4 DBY)
8 If indeed ye keep the royal law according to the scripture, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself, ye do well.
10 For whoever shall keep the whole law and shall offend in one point, he has come under the guilt of breaking all.
11 For he who said, Thou shalt not commit adultery, said also, Thou shalt not kill. Now if thou dost not commit adultery, but kills, thou art become transgressor of the law.
13 for judgment will be without mercy to him that has shown no mercy. Mercy glories over judgment. (DBY)
Deut 7:17 Ye shall diligently keep the commandments of the LORD your God, and his testimonies, and his statutes, which he hath commanded thee.
18 And thou shalt do that which is right and good in the sight of the LORD: that it may be well with thee, and that thou mayest go in and possess the good land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers,
For I would not have you ignorant, brethren, that all our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea;
4 and all drank the same spiritual drink, for they drank of a spiritual rock which followed them: (now the rock was the Christ;)
6 But these things happened as types of us, that we should not be lusters after evil things, as they also lusted.
7 Neither be ye idolaters, as some of them; as it is written, The people sat down to eat and to drink, and rose up to play.
8 Neither let us commit fornication, as some of them committed fornication, and fell in one day three and twenty thousand.
11 Now all these things happened to them as types, and have been written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the ages are come.
13 No temptation has taken you but such as is according to man's nature; and God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above what ye are able to bear, but will with the temptation make the issue also, so that ye should be able to bear it. (1Co 10:1-13 DBY)
7 that the proving of your faith, much more precious than of gold which perishes, though it be proved by fire, be found to praise and glory and honor in the revelation of Jesus Christ:
3 Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort;
4 Who comforts us in all our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort them which are in any trouble, by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of God.
6 And whether we be afflicted, it is for your consolation and salvation, which is effectual in the enduring of the same sufferings which we also suffer: or whether we be comforted, it is for your consolation and salvation.
7 And our hope of you is stedfast, knowing, that as ye are partakers of the sufferings, so shall ye be also of the consolation. (2Co 1:3-7 KJV)
Colossians 1:24 Now I rejoice in my sufferings for your sake, and fill up on my part that which is lacking of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake, which is the church; (Col 1:24 ASV)
10 That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death; (Philip 3:10 KJV)
20 Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me.
21 To him that overcomes will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne.
5 And ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaks unto you as unto children, My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him:
7 If ye endure chastening, God deals with you as with sons; for what son is he whom the father chastens not?
9 Furthermore we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the Father of spirits, and live?
10 For they verily for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure; but he for our profit, that we might be partakers of his holiness.
11 Now no chastening for the present seems to be joyous, but grievous: nevertheless afterward it yields the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby.
13 And make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is lame be turned out of the way; but let it rather be healed. (Heb 12:5-13 KJV)
2 For in many things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man, and able also to bridle the whole body. (Jam 3:2 KJV)
22 The light of the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light.
23 But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness! (Mat 6:21-23 KJV)
In Deuteronomy chapter 8, Moses prepares the children of Israel to enter the promised land. He tells them to remember the suffering that they went through these 40 years in the wilderness and tells us 3 reasons why they suffered:
1. To humble us to prove us to know what is in our heart whether we would keep His commandments or not (Deut 8:2).
The Lord gives us suffering to humble us (2Cor 12:7). It is easy to think I am following the Lord absolutely when I am successful. We think that if people no longer have reason to admire us, then that will be bad for the Lord's testimony. This humbling proves us. The real testimony is how we handle suffering. Do we then stop following the Lord until He gives us what we want? If we are able by the Lord's grace to be genuinely joyful yet honest, that is a testimony of the Lord.
Sometimes the Lord may humble us by withholding His shining (Ps 13:1-3; "The Sands of Time are Sinking" stanza 8).
In Ps 17:3, David says that the Lord proves our hearts. "You have examined me and find nothing" does not mean that there is nothing wrong with me. According to the verse, David still had evil thoughts, but he did not agree with them to speak them or much less act on them.
We need to keep the Lord's New Testament commandments (1Jn2:3-5). Some Christians wrongly think that we only need to keep commandments if the Spirit tells us to, or that only the commandments which are emphasized by an apostle are important for us to keep (Matt 4:4; James 2:10) . Commandments are not optional. We need to be restricted by the Lord's commandments in His word and we also need to please Him in all things (Deut 7:18).
Proving is a test. Just as the older generation of the Israelites failed the test, so Christians can also fail the test (1Cor 10:5-6; 1Peter 1:6-7).
God humbles us and causes us to suffer lack and marvelously meets our needs in order to teach us divine truths. In order to receive revelation from the Lord we must be in a humble state and remain humble after receiving revelation (2Cor12:7). With man this is not possible, but it is with God. The revelation must be based upon and agree with every word out of the mouth of God. If we think we see something from the Lord, we need to see if the Word really says that. If it is in the Word, we need to see if there are any contradicting verses.
The things that the Lord teaches us may be something that we or others have never seen before. We are taught new truths experientially in order to comfort others (2Cor1:4) and build up the church, His body (Col 1:24). The Lord teaches us to know Him and His resurrection power while we fellowship with Him in His sufferings (Philip 3:10).
Here, the specific truth God taught the Israelites by their suffering was that we do not live by bread alone but by every thing that proceeds out of God's mouth. We should not spend a day without reading the word. Reading the word as a part of reading commentaries is good, but does not meet this requirement because we need every word of God.
The happiest times in my life are not when there is an abundance of bread, but when there is God's speaking. Every word of God is trustworthy. You can depend on it to stand on its truth.
In the midst of long suffering and being humbled, the Lord's care is still there (v4). There is no record that the children of Israel even recognized the miracle that their clothes did not wear out nor their feet swell during 40 years of desert travel. We should have our eyes open for such miracles.
We all commit sins and make mistakes (James 3:2). The Lord chastens us for our good (Deut 8:16; Heb 12:5-11; Rev 3:19). I need to question whether what I am doing for the Lord is really His will. Is it really what the Bible says? Are there verses that contradict? Am I forgetting about or excusing myself of other verses? (Matt 6:23)
Warning! VoiceOfTheTimes.net has expired. If this is your domain name you must renew it immediately before it is deleted and permanently removed from your account. To renew this domain name visit http://www.NameBright.com
We look forward to hearing from you. Our main Gallery in Hawai’i Volcanoes National Park is open daily except Christmas Day from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm. Our Ni‘aulani Campus Admin Office & Gallery in Volcano Village is open Monday-Friday, 9:00 am to 5:00 pm.
Whimsical shapes, illustrative scenes or divine stories, stained glass has re-created the light in our lives for centuries. Stained
Join artist Mary Milelzcik for the “Mixed Media Encaustic” workshop on Saturday, November 3, from 10am – 1pm at Volcano Art Center
Try your hand at creating Palm Sheath Baskets in this fun, hands-on workshop with Jelena Clay on Saturday, October 20 from 9am – 2:30pm
Give Aloha is an annual program through which Foodland - Hawaii directs its charitable giving to the organizations… twitter.com/i/web/status/10450…
#VolcanoArtCenter is thrilled to announce the reopening of our #Gallery in @Volcanoes_NPS on Saturday, September 22… twitter.com/i/web/status/10432…
Electric Quilt, Photoshop Elements for Quilters, Classes, Workshops, Quilt Guild Lectures, Sewing and Quilting instruction
A new twist on reverse applique! The 5 and 10 inch Peekaboo Fabric Tools™ are designed to work with precut fabric packages. Or you can cut your own 5 and 10 inch squares. An additional 3 inch tool allows for more variety. View the samples below.
The Peekaboo Fabric Tool™ also works to make cutouts in whole cloth quilts like the 3 hour baby quilt shown below along with the challenge quilt and Thoroughly Modern Flower.
This family has been a loyal client of mine for 4 years now. Every time we get together for a shoot for family photos it’s an absolute blast! I can’t begin to express how much their continued business means to me. I love seeing their family grow up.
tags: children photos, denver families, denver photographer, denver photography, family photography, highlands ranch families, highlands ranch photographer, kid photography, kid photos, lone tree photographer, lone tree photography, memories, outdoor photography, parker families, parker photographer, parker photography
I like to think all my clients become my friend after we spend such a fun time together, but it’s always an extra special time with it’s a family I already know and love. Emily was no exception and scheduled a photo shoot so she can have beautiful prints and a long-lasting family photo album.
After breaking my weather rescheduling record and rescheduling 7 times, the Jardin family and I were finally able to head down to my secret spot on a gorgeous day. I was so impressed with their patience and willingness to hang in there to get the perfect shots!
This young family was such a joy to work with and we had such a blast browsing my secret spot and pointing out ducks. The Jardin family has so much personality, they even used to have 4 chickens all named after the Golden Girls. I love being able to bring out the personality of everyone in a photo. read more
So one day I was browsing Twitter and came upon a tweet from the Craft Gin Club saying you can make your own gin. Obviously I was intrigued. Obviously I went straight to Tesco. As this was a test, I decided to halve the amounts so if it is gross I haven’t wasted an entire bottle of vodka, or indeed if it works I can tweak the recipe and try again!
I decided to follow the basic recipe that they suggested on their website: vodka with added juniper berries, cardamom pods, coriander seeds, peppercorns, a cinnamon stick and lemon peel. I excluded the orange peel because bleugh. The recipe is based on the style of bath tub gin where the botanicals are steeped in the spirit rather than gaining its flavour through distillation. So don’t worry folk, I haven’t set up a still in my flat!
After adding my botanicals (minus the lemon peel) the vodka instantly took on a lovely fresh smell. The plan was to halve the amount of botanicals as suggested, but I went a bit heavier on the juniper and coriander as I am a big fan of those flavours. Then I left it in a dark corner of my kitchen and went to the pub. Over the next 24 I give it the occasional shake then add my lemon peel. God I love the smell of lemon. I put off trying it and wait until the next evening. Strained through a small sieve and muslin cloth, it is still a pale yellow colour – something that would disappear with proper filtering. Instead I settle on lea ving it a few more days for the sediment to settle and a further straining.
Smells really lemony and fresh and a hint of juniper. I worry I’ve overdone it on the zest and not put enough of the other botanicals in. But oh well this is an experiment. .
Finally, four days later I crack it open. Time to filter it once more. Which makes no difference as it still looks like dehydrated wee. I give it a try completely straight, no water. Oh my that smells like booze. Once in the Copa glass the vodka comes straight through. Yup. Tastes as expected, just like like acidic vodka. But I’m no quitter, and with an equal measure of water the harshness mellows slightly. It’s not as bad as I anticipated. I definitely went too hard on the lemon and should have added more juniper and coriander seeds to balance it out. Not too bitter and not too sweet, it just tastes like a slightly warm lemon drink. Much more palatable straight than most gins I’ve tried. Rather more reminiscent of a genever with a slightly smoky taste (this could be from the cinnamon or from the effect that the warmer days are having on my kitchen). Whatever it tastes of, it certainly isn’t vodka (hurrah) but feel the juniper isn’t strong enough to legit call it gin(nifer)
Mixing up a G&T (50ml gin and 100ml tonic) the gin loses its lemony taste. It’s still there – and the smell is incredible – but the tonic adds an extra bitterness (note, I am using Tesco own tonic which is slightly more bitter than ,say, a Fevertree would be). Again, whilst it isn’t unpleasant, there is nothing remarkable about it. I’m happy that I made this myself and didn’t pay for it. The gin lacks enough flavour to stand up to the tonic, and the colour pales to look like a yellow-tinged wine.
All in all, not too shabby. I was certainly worried that I would make an undrinkable yellow liquid, but instead I made a perfectly fine yellow liquid. I mean I will certainly try again and alter the recipe. But for now this is fine. Tune in next time for Ginnifer #2
Follow my gin exploits on Twitter and Instagram! And why not make your own gin and let me know how it goes!
We heard about Zio Peppe as one of Catriona’s students is the manager. So we decided to pop along before our cultured evening of Shit-Faced Showtime (Pirates of Penzance for those interested). We rocked up at 7pm on a Saturday to find our reserved table in the window – the perfect seat for people watching and spotting your friends walking in the wrong direction. If you search for the restaurant on google maps, it sends you to the wrong place. It’s actually between Costa and Cafe Rouge. Not down the little alley way to East Street.
Federica is a wonderful host. After explaining everything on the menu and the specials board (remembering a conversation she’d had with Catriona before and knew my love of friarelli from VIP Pizza). Ordering a round of drinks (red wine, orange juice and two Peronis) and some starters (two cheesy garlic breads) we settle in for a natter – and a free bowl of olives that Federica magics onto the table. Every time Federica wanders past we have a chat and get to meet her brother Lorenzo, who is also the pizza chef.
The garlic breads arrive, with a surprise bruschetta for Catriona. The garlic bread is brilliant. Soft, chewy bread and a really generous amount of mozzarella melted on top. Jenny B’s words “none of that frozen shit here, perhaps a slice too much for a starter but worth it.” The bruschetta comes loaded with fresh tomatoes, rocket, parmesan and balsamic dressing. Catriona’s words “Good bread, good and fresh and not too filling. Tomatoes aren’t soft and squishy and I don’t feel hot and stuffed, just warmed up and ready for the next course!”
After a little wait, the mains arrive. Turns out, didn’t need starters. My pizza is huge. Jenny B and Lisa’s pasta bowls are loaded up, and Catriona. Well. She ordered the lamb shank with fries. What actually arrives is the lamb shank with a pile of veg, roast potatoes, fries and – to top it off – a bowl of the mushroom risotto which no-one ordered but Federica insisted we try as it’s her favourite dish.
We’ll start with my pizza (my blog, my food first). The dough is wonderful, an interesting mix of a crisp outside and fluffy inside. There was a super generous amount of cheese and friarelli. The sausage is the only disappointing thing. There’s no flavour to it and it’s a bit gristly in some places. Other than that, I am a HUGE fan of my pizza.
Jenny B’s carbonara is “good, authentic and home-made”, Lisa’s napoli is “tasty and filling, really good!” and Catriona’s lamb fell apart when she put her fork in it. The meat was tender and smothered in an aromatic red wine and rosemary sauce. The fries are crisp and salty. The mushroom risotto I did not touch because, well, mushrooms, but Catriona enjoyed the few mouthfuls she managed. We all ended up taking doggy bags home with us (kindly labelled so we knew what was what! The carbonara is as good the next day as it was that evening).
Sadly we noticed the time and had to get a move on, but not before Federica presented us with limoncello and handed me a takeaway box of tiramisu for later!
Phenomenal service aside, we were big fans of this place. Big portions of good food, what more do you need? I admit that I think some of the options were over priced, for example I actually wanted the scallop and king prawn linguine with chilli and garlic. But at £22 I felt this was a bit much – had it been £16-£18 I would have felt that was more reasonable. The steak (no size stated) was also above £20. But this aside, lovely décor, perfectly located for people watching and outstanding service. And the service wasn’t just for us, the couple next to us had two screaming children (for which they were very apologetic) and when the toddler threw her pasta on the floor, another waitress simply got her another portion to go and played with the baby and were perfectly happy and friendly to all customers. My meal – a Peroni, a garlic bread and my pizza – came to £23 (we were super lucky and got the limoncello and tiramisu for free).
Please note: going here wasn’t my choice, I suggested La Choza and Catriona suggested otherwise. I was too exhausted to argue.
So we arrived at the new Wahaca at 6:30pm on a Tuesday and it was already buzzing with a fun and friendly atmosphere. After waiting 10 minutes in the bar we were seated in the window. Whilst the table was a decent size (you know sometimes a table for two is ridiculously tiny?) the seats were terrible. Imagine sitting in a plastic bucket with some fuzzy fabric on it. I spent all night feeling on edge – not what I needed that day. Or indeed ever. Not even a cushion to sit on. After another wait we manage to order some drinks – one bramble (me) and one medium Sauvignon (Catriona). Note: if you want to order wine you can only get a 175ml glass, a 500ml carafe or a bottle. No large glasses. And they charge £6.25 for the pleasure of a Sauvignon. One more wait and the wine arrives. Another wait and the cocktail arrives. Whilst we waiting then AGAIN to order food I try my drink and am instantly less annoyed. Wonderfully tart with loads of lime juice. Catriona’s wine is “nothing special, it’s alright wine but it could definitely be bigger”.
Finally we get to order and I go for the slow cooked burrito with extra cheese, and Catriona goes for the tapas selection of slow cooked lamb shoulder tacos (the special that day), sweet potato and feta taquitos, and chorizo and potato quesadillas.
As the food is “freshly made” it comes when it is ready and the tacos arrive first. Two small bundles of meat in a soft tortilla, I ask how it is and get a “meat is good” Catriona nods with a mouth full of food. “The last mouthful was the best”. Second comes the quesadillas, third the tacquitos, and fourth is Jenny with no food boo 🙁 After one mouthful of the quesadilla, Catriona shouts “THAT’S GREAT” and offers me a mouthful. It is damn tasty. Although in my opinion could do with a bit more filling, just feels a bit empty. The tacquitos were “phenomenal”. Considering Catriona nearly didn’t order them they were her favourite thing. One thing, they could do with more feta. They were described as containing feta however it was just sprinkled on top.
My burrito arrived and in my excitement to eat I pick it up and the pulled pork slowly falls out the bottom. So I had to eat it with a knife and fork which felt very very wrong. The pulled pork was good, well spiced and flavoured and there was plenty of meat. It came with a little side of tortilla chips which were crunchy and salty and a good contrast to the messy (slightly soggy) burrito. This is why La Choza’s foil wrapped burritos are brilliant. They have a lack of mess. The burrito wasn’t spicy at all, and I didn’t like that they don’t give you an option on the heat. I imagine it’s because, as a national chain, they have to be fairly bland to cater for people that don’t like
The general consensus from our trip was “meh”. The food is fine. The drinks are fine. It’s a fun atmosphere and good for families but it’s no La Choza. If you just want some Mexican food you could do a lot worse but you could also walk about 5 roads over for La Choza. After our meal, Catriona agreed that we should have just gone to La Choza. They had only been open a week or so when we went so we hoped the waiting was due to it being new and perhaps a lack of staff.
Our meals and drinks came to £35, and we both agreed that we felt our share was too much for the taste.
Basically, go to La Choza. It’s always the better option. However, you can check out Wahaca on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. You can also follow me on Twitter and Instagram – and very excitingly we finally convinced Catriona to join Instagram!
Posted in Restaurants	Tagged brighton, burrito, cocktail, dinner, food, gin, hove, meat, mexican, mexican food, restaurant, wine	Leave a comment
This post contains affiliate links. Purchases made through these links support NeuralFish development and this blog
A few months ago, I had the pleasure of reading the ”Handbook of Neuroevolution Through Erlang” by Gene Sher. To sum up my experience, the book changed the way I perceive problems. The knowledge I gained from the book allowed me to explore valuable perspectives during introspection, leading to ideas and solutions previously inaccessible.
Excited about the ideas presented in the book, I built NeuralFish. NeuralFish is based on the DXNN system. It should be considered a prototype at this time (11/2016). In this blog post, we’ll explore some of the concepts NeuralFish is built off of and create a script that uses NeuralFish to evolve neural topologies that are able to identify SMS spam.
I plan on exploring ideas and concepts that NeuralFish operates on in future blog posts. Follow me on Twitter @JeremyBellows or connect with me on LinkedIn to keep updated.
Reality operates on a set of observed and unobserved rules. Natural systems have developed to exist within the entropy of reality, obeying these rules involuntarily. These natural systems build off of each other, often creating complexity that is soon culled by the unobserved rules.
The earth is covered with life that is capable of existing in the systems that reality dictates. Life that is able to consistently solve encountered problems. The fundamental function that allows life to be successful is replication. Through replication life is able to mutate. Mutated life is composed differently from previous generations giving it either a disadvantage or advantage in its ability to pass on traits. This concept defines an evolving system. The goal of NeuralFish is to use these concepts to evolve artificial intelligences that have an advantage in the configured programmed reality.
Using the fundamental ideas of evolution, it is possible to create artificial intelligences capable of solving encountered problems. NeuralFish defines neural topologies as the type NodeRecords, which is a map of Sensors, Actuators, and Neurons. During the evolution process, NodeRecords are mutated from a set of mutation operators, reconstructed into an active set of neural processes, fed sensory data which is processed by the NeuralNet activating respective actuators, and then scored. Scored records are accumulated and then culled to only allow the ‘fittest’ solutions to mutate. This process is repeated for a configurable number of generations.
Mutating Neural Networks allows for sensors or actuators to be added and learned, neuron connections to be formed, and more. This mechanism allows for discovery and learning of potential solutions.
The prototype is designed to solve single-scope problems, i.e. the constructed problem scape consists of a single problem. Problem scapes define the rules of the reality that dictates the evolving solutions existence. Problem scapes are defined in NeuralFish by configurable variables (and functions).
The goal of the prototypes is to demonstrate setting up problem scapes in fsharp, thinking through how to ‘score’ the fittest solution, and produce neural topologies evolved under configured parameters.
Create an artificial intelligence that is capable of reading text messages and determining if the message is spam or legit (henceforth referred to as Ham).
In the spirit of simplicity, the prototypes are built as scripts and placed in a folder called temp. This allows loading of the code in an interactive environment.
The temp folder has been added to the .gitignore file. Any files added in that folder will be ignored by git.
NeuralFish has been packaged in an interactive script for simple dependency loading. This file can be found at NeuralFish/NeuralFish_dev.fsx
The SMS Data contained in SMSSpamCollection is composed of the correct answer (Ham|Spam) followed by 4 whitespaces and the SMS contents.
The first part of the SMS collection is composed of 2 possible options, Ham or Spam. These will need to be pattern matched often so it’s best to express this using the type system.
NeuralFish contains types and functions for training single-scope problems such as this one. TrainingAnswerAndDataSet<’T> is used to model the data for consumption. The raw type is ('T*(float seq)) array where 'T is the correct answer for the data in the tuple.
A NeuralNet is a map consisting of Sensors, Neurons, and Actuators. During a think cycle, the Cortex synchronizes all sensors in the NeuralNet, waits for NeuralNet activity to stop, then activates the actuators.
The single-scope problem of SMS Spam detection only needs one actuator. This actuator will guess whether the SMS contents are Spam or Ham.
Using a cortex to synchronize input and output means that the result of a think cycle will always be a complete map of actuator output. The InterpretActuatorOutputFunction<'T> type is used to interpret NeuralNet actuator output during single-scope training.
Since the intelligence is evolved, then there is no simple way of determining how it is able to perform its task. Therefore, it is necessary to give the intelligence a reality where it is forced to be precise.
Under this reality, the possible answers the artificial intelligence can give should include uncertainty. The desired evolved topology should not answer with uncertainty often, so it should be disfavored during NeuralNet scoring.
The training function for single-scope problems that NeuralFish exposes is capable of keeping track of the correct answers that correspond to sensory data. It exposes this capability through the type ScoreNeuralNetworkAnswerFunction<’T>.
After NeuralNet think cycles are finished, scores are accumulated and summed to represent the total score of that topology. The ScoreNeuralNetworkAnswerFunction<'T> is arguably the most important configuration of this prototype as it will determine which toplogies are mutated.
The desired artificial intelligence for this job should never identify actual messages as spam. If this program were to be implemented into a live production environment, then the user experience should not be impacted by this implementation. Therefore it is important to give positive reinforcement on actions that provides a better user experience and negative reinforcement on actions that diminishes the user experience.
Evolution and training properties are defined as typed records. These records are passed to exposed NeuralFish.EvolutionChamber functions that process evolution. Default properties are available for experimentation.
The prototype utilizes the single-scope training function to perform evolution. The following code creates a record with the necessary configurations and then processes the single-scope training.
activationFunctions, outputHookIds, and learningAlgorithm defines how NeuralNets evolve and operate. Activation Functions are all the possible ways neurons can activate. Output Hooks are used for actuators. The learning algorithm is a configurable option that allows for neural plasticity.
MaximumMinds, MaximumThinkCycles, DividePopulationBy, and AmountOfGenerations configures the evolution of NeuralNets. MaximumMinds sets how many NeuralNets should be created in a generation. MaximumThinkCycles dictates the lifetime of the NeuralNet and how many think cycles it goes through. DividePopulationBy will sort the scored NeuralNets then divide the array by the supplied number. (There is an issue open to change this). AmountOfGenerations limits the amount of generations that should be iterated through before returning the result.
The training occurs with NeuralNet activity logged via the InfoLog function. The defaultInfoLog function is set to print to the console.
With the set configuration above it may take a awhile for training to finish. Shorten the think cycles, number of generations, or maximum minds to reduce run time
The final generation should have their scores printed to the console. This demonstrates the evolution process occurring but does not demonstrate the solutions ability to solve problems in our reality. To do so would require exposing the NeuralNets to a variety of problems over a large number of generations. It’s also worthwhile to experiment with activation functions and learning algorithms.
NeuralFish will be capable of much more than single-scope problems. As the DXNN system has demonstrated, there are many uses for this technology.
We live in a world that is constantly changing. Every step towards the Automation Era brings fantastical ideas to life like:
In 1985, Nichael L. Cramer first introduced the concept of tree-based genetic programming. In 1992, those concepts were greatly expanded upon by John R. Koza leading to a creation he referred to as the “Invention Machine”.
Using Genetic Programming, it is possible to evolve artificial intelligences that are capable of solving encountered problems.
Quality CSS Selectors for Canopy UI Automation are crucial for scalable tests. Learn how to write quality css selectors
Modern Web development is a complex harmonization of web systems. Web systems are categorized then developed and maintained by two different programming roles; front-end developer and back-end developer.
F# and Canopy is one of the most comfortable UI testing experiences any developer or quality engineer could ask for. Learn how to get started and improve quality immediately!
We've paired ex-Marine Aidyn Michael (a fat-dicked, inked mother fucker), with pretty boy Johnny Walker in this vid. Aidyn has a lot of aggression to work out and Johnny gets it full force. Aidyn handcuffs Johnny before finger fucking him hard and shoving a dildo in deep. Johnny is making too much noise so he gets a ball gag in that hole, and cock in the other. Are his moans pain or pleasure?
Home Roleplay Forum Kwandrivia Sphere Kwandrivia Island of Order the Order Territory of the Order Great Lake
I have Rebuilt the Kwandrivia Roleplay World, there are new national banner and a simplified layout that is easier to use and has less subforums. I have also skipped the Civil War Idea I had and just made the new layout with that in mind.
The Laurentia Empire has now split into two nations, the Anglia Empire and the United States of Laurentia.
Surrounding the entirety of the Island of Order is a massive lake that is 300 meters below the landscape surrounding it. All of the water that flows into this lake is freshwater making it the largest freshwater lake on Kwandrivia. The lake is sperated from the Discord Ocean at the south by the Ordo Damn and Lock System.
*RAT sat along the lake maintaining a rifle awaiting Terah to report on the status of Lloyd after sending her a message about where to meet RAT*
Just as RAT took apart the firing mechanism a loud taxi would pull up. Out from the taxi would be Terah, falling down as she hurried.
*With an instant rage Miles threw the gun aside and yelled at the top of his lungs while his head was pounding in pain whicha t this point Miles ignored often despite what it meant**
Heavens 'look I apologize for your troubles in regards to your son but if your mind is soup it won't matter if he is here or not. so if you aren't going to do something soon you will have forced my hand.'
As soon as Miles began yelling, Terah would pull back a bit and brace for a fight. She just wasn't sure what was wrong right now, or she was just too young to realize anything.
*in Miles's rage his ooze began rapidly expanding from his being and swarm Terah too fast for her to respond and it would rocket off into the sky taking Terah, Miles's core presence, the excalibur, oni blade and gauntlet, and the exploknuckles. leaving a body with R.A.T.'s gear on his person separating his consciousness from R.A.T. entirely and using permanency on all items within R.A.T. cutting off all powers connected to R.A.T.*
Start meeting new people in mandeville with pof all over louisiana mybusiness425 25 single woman seeking i love to read, im muslim, i love r&b, i have 2. Meet british muslims on lovehabibi looking to meet new people london, uk british - muslim (sunni) muslim girls uk muslim women uk. Single-family new house construction new orleans-area historical earthquake activity location: 1400 moss st, grades: 8-12, girls only) de la salle high. Police trapped thousands in new orleans every single tent in the u i feel that the negativity here will only add to the problems the people of gretna and new. Sign up with webs to create a new website our website builder is quick, easy, and ideal for small businesses and ecommerce.
New gretna's best 100% free muslim girls dating site meet thousands of single muslim women in new gretna with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim women in new. Single-family new house construction building permits: private high schools in gretna: muslim academy courtyard new orleans westbank/gretna, 5 westbank. Thailand marriage how to get married as well as filing for a new complete declarations attesting that he/ she is single and free to marry in accordance with. New orleans is the best city to visit for fun, parties, events and culture see a saints game at the superdome, a mardi gras parade in the french quarter or a jazz fest concert.
And when things get steamy over dessert the couple contemplate running off to gretna young girls he usually hooks up prepares to welcome a new batch of single. Marriage in seventeenth-century england: (a phrase taken from the new testament) girls were required to preserve their virginity until the wedding. Authorities in louisiana have arrested a woman from marrero accused of carrying on a sexual relationship with a 16-year-old boy girls ' day out when she new.
Largest & most popular online dating site for muslim singles to find your new journey dating site that is dedicated to help single muslim men and women. Hum marriage is a muslim marriage bureau designed to match single muslims in the uk with like-minded individuals we specialise in matching muslim singles from across the uk from all. Single and muslim - are you single this site can be perfect for you, just register and start chatting and dating local singles meet girls free online to meet new.
Mt gretna e-mail newsletter including muslim boy friends, single aunts and vegans mt gretna's new year-round calendar appears online,. Email and meet new single women for free at bar4funcom single women – female, women available for singles dating to message and chat gretna united.
Filipino culture in southeast louisiana formerly of gretna but since hurricane katrina the families with teenage girls are asked if they want their. Muslims that want to marry 11,227 likes 17 talking about happy muslim family and friends muslims that want to marry added a new photo january. Arranged marriage is a type of the benefit parents received from the contributions from their earning single islam forbids marriage of muslim girls to.
Escorts massage lovingscom mars and venus dating advice beginning with the well-known and revolutionary men are from mars, women are from venusmars. Love profile of venus in leo venus in leo is the most dramatic and passionate sign of the zodiac they are lovers of life, and somewhat theatrical in beahvior. Men are from mars, women are from venus: women are from venus have sold globally to single men and women looking for guidance on how to find the perfect partner,. Single posts 7,478 posts must follow thankfully, men also have them the dimples of venus (also known as back dimples, butt dimples or venusian dimples). Men venus - our online dating site can help you to find relationships about what you dreamed register and start looking for your love right now.
Venus williams can't seem to keep her venus has been dating the 24 members of orgasmic meditation group where men stimulated women for 45 mins. Men venus - online dating become very simple, easy and quick, create your profile and start looking for potential matches right now. Women venus - nowadays online dating become simple, fast and easy, all you need to do is sign up to our site and start browsing for local singles.
Our online dating site can help you to find relationships about what you dreamed men venus single women in cork beautiful african american girls. Read men who serena williams has dated has to be single many famous men have dated serena williams, check out the list of men serena williams has dated,. Dating advice from bestselling author john gray by john gray, author of men are from mars, women are from venus.
I love painfully the first secret to know about a scorpio in love is that it venus in scorpio men are dating a sagittarius sun also with venus in. Will i ever find my soul matewhether you are recently separated, divorced, or you have been in the singles scene for longer than you want, this insightful guide will help you navigate the. The venus in taurus man is seduced through the senses when dating, he takes his sweet men with this venus sign have a radar for what's genuine and without airs.
Racial rumor control: serena williams shoots down rumors she only dates white men and dispels “don’t marry black men” quote. Tenniscom - live scores, tennis news, player ranking, and complete tournament data. Venus's best 100% free gay dating site want to meet single gay men in venus, texas mingle2's gay venus personals are the free and easy way to find other venus gay singles looking for. The venus in aries man he brings a single-minded focus to bear he's a whole lot of a wise girlfriend once told me, 'men tell you and show you what they're. When we experience the venus trine mars and venus sextile neptune this week starting april 12, our sex and love horoscope will be greatly impacted for the zodiac signs, this means that.
John gray is the author of men are from mars, women are from venus originally published in 1992, gray’s book became the best-selling relationship advice book of all time with over. Meet latino singles in venus, texas online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to meet latino men in venus. John gray best selling author of men are from mars and women are from venus answers lilou's questions on new relationships, single, women, men dr john gray. Venus for men is a high pumps and single massagers for $25 and the nipple massager set for $50 at the same time as the venus packagethe discount will be.
Mars and venus on a date by john gray during my relationship seminars, single women often come up to me and describe in great detail what they thought was a wonderful date.
Online dating become very simple, easy and quick, club dating online jewish single men venus uk dating services .
Venus (shocking blue song) jump to navigation jump to search venus one of cover arts for dutch venus single by bananarama from the album true confessions. John gray, phd, author of men are from mars, women are from venus, shares free relationship advice, dating tips and health solutions for common ailments. About venus for men venus for men is a high-tech, whether you’re single or in a committed relationship, and let venus take care of you.
This entry was posted in Health Personal Development and tagged personal development planning stephen covey time time management tool on September 17, 2013 by George.
Time.. the most precious commodity each one of us has – once spent, you can never get it back. It’s not like money where once it’s gone, you can just go out and make as much as you want. No my friends, time is different.. our time is limited and not a single person on the planet knows how long they have on this planet, so isn’t it wise for us to use our time as wisely as possible?
Majority of people seem to have too many things undone at the end of each day.. and the mountain of to do’s get’s worse and worse! I definitely know how that feel, and as it’s been one of my major focuses recently, I wanted to share a tool I’ve learnt, adapted, and now use daily to begin my day with purpose, and get the most important things done. As Stephen Covey, quotes as being the Socrates of the 20th Century, in the bestseller ‘The 7 Habits of highly Effective People,’ Habit #3 is Putting First Things First.
“I am definitely going to take a course on time management… just as soon as I can work it into my schedule.” – Louis E. Boone
“Once you have mastered time, you will understand how true it is that most people overestimate what they can accomplish in a year — and underestimate what they can achieve in a decade!” – Anthony Robbins
“Planning is bringing the future into the present, so that you can do something about it now.” – Alan Lakein
“The key is not to prioritize what’s on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.” – Stephen Covey
You can download the pdf here that I use on a daily basis to plan and prioritise my day… its simple, its easy, and can be put into practice straight away. Remember to focus on things that will bring you results, and that are in line with your goals and purpose.
– List the 5 most important tasks in order, allocating time needed for each (a good rule is whatever time you think you’ll need, times it by 2)
– Now, schedule the 5 most important tasks in your day, so you guarantee their success, and work everything else around it
Stephen Covey also gave a great tool for managing time which I use to keep me in line. You can categorise each of the tasks you have into 4 categories… your main goal is to work as much as possible in quadrant 2!
You can also watch a very POWERFUL video about Stephen Covey and the 7 Habits.. the BEST PART is Stephens live example of prioritising.. which begins at 11:20.
Once again, download your time management tool here. I hope this proves helpful in taking your business, and life, to a whole new level!
George is an unstoppable individual; with a passion for inspiring and empowering individuals to find their purpose and design the life they were born for.
This material is from an article by Kevin Foust, published in the December 2007 issue of Power Wagon Advertiser
Website Design, Responsive and CMS based, custom coded. Website App and built in SEO integration, Events, Google map integration and submissions, full screen banner. Ongoing SEO, Website Management and Hosting.
Rights Management Digital Image created in 2015 by the Utah State Archives, which is the custodian of the original records from the Office of Vital Records.
Abstract This is the permanent legal record of all live births in the state filed with the Utah Office of Vital Records and Statistics in compliance with UCA 26-2-5.
Photo of a group of boys fishing at the falls in the Thames River in St. Marys. In 1851ph_a, in the foreground the people are identified from left to right as Don Washington, Jack Lloyd, Lawrence Ellis and Bill Baynes.
Photo of a group of boys fishing at the falls in the Thames River in St. Marys. In 1851ph_a, in the foreground the people are identified from left to right ...
Michael Mifsud was a House of Commons Commonwealth correspondent at the age of 16. He published Britain´s first trade journal for Drivers and became the youngest full member of the Commonwealth Press Union sharing platforms with the press barons of the day. He traveled with the Royal family for over a decade as a member of a press team,becoming much sought after on matters of Monarchy by the media. He had his own TV programme on culture and art (as a keen art collector and investigator)in Marbella,Spain and has recently published a very successful book on the nature of the unique people of Andalusia,called, Al Andalus - a trail of Discovery. He has been the subject of TV interviews in Spain and the UK on Princess Diana (whom he knew before she married)the Templars of which he became a very senior executive and royal exiles whom he met regularly as a director of the Monarchist League of Great Britain. Reuters recently featured him in an exclusive interview on Templars on the eve of the da Vinci premiere which was seen worldwide and was a an important contributor to the controversial books, Holy Blood and Holy Grail and The Messianic Legacy in which he is also interviewed. He is mentioned in others like The Sword and the Grail as an interpreter of the real meaning behind the Templar battle cry. His research over 30 years on the Knights and the symbolism is disquieting and unpublished. He was included in the 500 most "inspirative" people in the world - according to the American Academic BWW society for the advancement of Peace and which has gone into official political agency and government libraries throughout the world. He delivered a paper on the failing role of the world press in Paris as an official delegate of the organisation and published two well received papers on Culture and Globalisation. He has been offered an editorial seat on the board which advises its academic members throughout the world. He is a proud Freeman of the City of London and holds Polish, Serbian and Afghanistani decorations gleaned during his early Templar life in London. Pre-retirment business interests included publishing,professional academies, airline operating, airport carparks and hotels. retirement will be spent on getting all outstanding books out on the market.
I was only sixteen at the time and super brains, the Head Boy at Gibraltar Grammar School simply thrust the book in my hands. I often wonder what he saw that made him do it, but it would change the whole course of my life. Fresh from GCE´s and a whole lifetime of first in form and religion, I suppos...
The extent of the incompetence if not stupidity of the modern politician practically everywhere in Europe, has not seen the likes of what happened in Spain at the hands ...
Many a time whilst scouring the restaurants of London and the Costa del Sol for alternatives to the usual stuff, I almost gave up in my search. I looked for the closest I could get to filling, sumptuous, vegetarian main course...
TEMPLAR SECRETS IN PORTUGAL. Lost or carefully guarded knowledge? The Knights of the Order of the Temple, who took it upon themselves to create Gods Kingdom on earth in accordance with Jesus’ own aspirations, may have created their own internal suppressors by virtue of their alliance with the Vati...
Every now and then the thought of something different, breaking old habits or even changing the usual course of a day, wells up like an appetizing challenge. It is difficult but worth the effort as the very...
Ask the Ministers of most the near bankrupt members of the European Community about the role of these mysterious elements in the fiscal system and they look sideways wondering how to handle it all. In near ...
There is a thing called forbidden archeology which struck my attention once and I even bought a voluminous book by that title crammed with findings that found themselves dusty shelves in warehouses. Conspiracy theories abound, but it is uncanny how...
First of a series for fun basic cooking and good nutrition from a lover of making do with what you´ve got.
Just watching those long winded and artificial cooking sessions on the screen is enough to make me wonder just how much simple food can take before it turns...
WHERE IS HELEN OF TROY NOW? If there is any figure of the ancient world who sticks in most people´s minds it is that of the legendary (or historical?) Helen of Troy. Not only for her assumed beauty but because of the disasters she brought in her wake for deserting her Greek husband and allowing he...
There was nothing as nationally humiliating for stalwarts of British Pride and ethical values as the soul searching scene of the Queen dressed in black facing the crowds with Prince Philip alongside trying desperately to protect her integrity. The Duke´s Repeated phrase “she is the Queen” rung hollow in the hate filled atmosphere which any Queen would have avoided at all cost. Instead she stood there in a manner and form as those who did not know her well enough, would have never imagined. It was reminiscent of the public stoning of a latter day Magdalene. How on earth did it get to all this ? How could the Queen and Prince Philip have been so vilified over the death by accident or assassination of the wife of the heir in waiting, Prince Charles? But the crowd and much of the world had on that day decided that the Martyred Princess, mother of another heir in waiting, had to be avenged. For what ? Today, it is increasingly obvious that if it had not happened one day it was begging to happen another. All the Royals have always been aware of the obscure forces that govern their destiny and who appear in some way to hover around them without being able to pinpoint the source of dissent. The Queen herself once said there were evil forces around as much as a recent Pope spoke about Satan in their midst.
Despite the international publicity which had made her famous and her singular acts which seemingly defied authority and portrayed her as a humble and all giving person, Princess Diana was selfish and self indulgent to the point of showing an insensitivity bordering on the naïve . Diana was a nice girl but I would assume, incredibly lacking in the understanding of anything more complicated than day to day realities. Concepts and commitments would have been lost on her as the publicity stunts worked out with the photographers and press show quite clearly. However, despite her inability to see the stark differences between her and the people she sponsored e.g. Mother Teresa devoid of means to even afford one of her simpler outfits and with hundreds of mouths to feed and deaths every day out of treatable illnesses. Her publicity would have created valuable information about the work of this really incredible fighter and perhaps directed funds towards her, but it is not the point. Mother Teresa and the aids victims did benefit but perhaps something other than theatrical shots would have been more to the point. Princess Diana did nothing that other charitable woman of her day did not do or sponsored as many touching social activities as many other well nurtured people do routinely day to day throughout the nation. The difference was media exposure because she was starting to look the part of the Hollywood idol and that meant press attention and on that would put her life in danger. Great religious figures also courted the rich and famous of the day for the same reason as was the case with St. Teresa of Avila who suffered much with these people who treated her as a servant, but then they were able to sponsor buildings and gifts which made the movement possible. Diana may have seen her charitable pleas as a means of showing up those who were not as capable of attracting sympathy and popularity the way she did. We know that at some point Diana felt she was gifted with Paranormal powers having started to attract the crowds and given strength to those who benefitted from her attention and affection. In this intensive campaign to gain a height that her husband did not seem to care to ascend to, what was her prime motivating force ? For those who knew her from young, this sudden burst of ambition fever seemed to emerge out of nothing and it is important to understand how it consolidated to such a fine point. The Princess had began to acquire new channels of expression when the world around her appeared to be collapsing, but was it her husband´s love which mattered or the potential future King and the prize which the affair with Camilla would deny her ? I venture to say that it was both – the rejection by definition and the clear understanding that she would never be Queen. Her children would bypass her instead as seems to be happening and she would have become something like the Queen Mother and which title even the late holder of the title, did not like at all. Diana was driven by a romantic dream which because of her sensitive makeup, filled her whole horizon with wonder. Many of these visions like that of Ghandi for example inevitably go wrong as it did with him too, but in the ascendant, a whole nation can rise in acclaim with all the power of affection that it can bring with it. Many have altered the course of history and Princess Diana did, in her own way, actually shape the course of Monarchy. Seeing the Queen almost bent double as the coffin went past, in an act of humility that lent wings to a great deal of speculation, was just one of the extraordinary indicators that left one wondering whether the Queen, in so doing was trying to say something different. It was not the sort of regal expression one could associate with the very subtle and undemonstrative behavior instilled in her by her own mother. This extraordinary gesture and her public declaration of the merit of the work the Princess had carried out, was what made her the credible and softer figure she portrays today. The world knew she had her reservations, but in a funny way, Diana, the innocent girl who did not have time to grow up, reached out even in death and touched the Queen in a strange way. It was a message of helplessness courted by dangers which she knew would destroy her but which she would try and ignore to the bitter end. I could say her work for those who could not help themselves, was credible and born of love, but it would be stretching the point when we view her against the challenges to her personal aspirations. For the Queen, the essence of that change which moved her to a hitherto impossible sense of utter humility, were the dramatic last moments in Balmoral as the whole nation and indeed, the very world stood up to acknowledge an intangible force that appeared to have suddenly risen from nowhere.
It took the film by Helen Mirren to bring us closer to those incredible last moments as the family became aware that there were extraordinary forces on the march which could and would overtake her and the very Crown itself. The warning of the emotional tsunami to come and would engulf all, was not immediately assumed. It would need something very transcendental to inspire the Queen to rise to the challenge and blend with the events that were unfolding with increasing alacrity. The very Queen not only felt the awesome challenge they represented but for some mysterious reason touched her very soul on that fateful day in the mountains of Balmoral when her mind was almost completely taken up with the decision to leave or stay put and felt like a outcast as her car left her stranded mid stream. Very few people would probably understand what happened, but even scientists and hard headed skeptics would think twice about dismissing the significance of the sublime, almost holy, appearance of the Royal Stag framed against the sky who looked at the Queen in her own distress with such an awesome stillness. It defies the concept of coincidence especially taking into account that it was being hounded and disappeared as silently as it came into the portals of death. It was almost, as always with these cases (that Jung tried to encapsulate in his theory)as something was being said or a point made. The Queen who was enraptured by the sheer beauty of the whole experience could not but express it joyfully in that context,P> This experience tells us more about the Queen and the ridiculous attempt to associate her with the misfortunes of Diana. Even if Prince Charles had been the ideal bridegroom it is possible that it could have made little difference to the end results once we get closer to understanding Princess Diana a bit better and why she did the things that she did. Dancing like a trooper on stage and making her awkward husband join in the folly was not very regal as people understood it and certainly not with Prince Charles who could not express himself in that frivolous way. Why did she do it? Was it an inability to assume a rigid code - one that a girl who had been left to her own devices in her childhood and mainly alone, had seen too much of ? The girl I once knew and was being courted by a caddish grocer in Dolphin Square, did not go anywhere at all then, even though her simple minded colleague fell for it. She made it clear that it was a waste of time on his part , but perhaps she knew then that the eyes of the world would soon be on her. However, I did not get the impression that sex was something that really mattered in her world. I was surprised to hear about her various experiences and deduced that there was something there that was not simply lust.
Comparing this moment in time to a relatively short time later, the demure and nervous girl had entered a fairytale joyride and only because she had been deemed suitable for producing future heirs of the British Throne. It meant wearing diamond laden tiaras and wagging a hand in acknowledgement of the frenzied stares of the seduced citizens. Like a fairy godmother, she would hover over a world arena and a populace which initially,or so it seemed, appeared not to appreciate her regal presence. It enabled this young aristocrat to grant gifts and dedicate her life to heart rending causes and perhaps even cure. Mary Poppins would have been very proud of her, but then what else could a lonely and mentally battered girl with basic ideas of life and lacking in professional skills, really interpret it all as ? If she had seen it in its proper context, she would have shied away from her drastic measures and perhaps demanded time to see how it would work out before taking the plunge. Instead, it is easy to see that her brother, sister and father would have showered every compliment and disguised the real issues in the thought of what it would mean to the family. Her family was already well versed on the matters of heritage and even the Royal Crown by virtue of their lines of descent. The eldest male would inherit all the considerable estate, one sister was married off to the Queen´s private secretary and Diana would become Queen consort and perpetuate the Royal Heritage. Not bad at all outside Schleswig Holstein.
Diana however, from what I knew of her, had not started off with the Crown in mind despite the fact that the Spencer family had such an important genealogy. She undoubtedly understood the possibility that her future husband could perhaps not inherit the throne. She entered the rarefied atmosphere of captive public figures on the top of the highest monolith of this refined nation, oblivious to its sacrifices. She would have even accepted the theoretical and artificial circumstances designed to retain the mysticism of the family, but the radical do´s and don´ts would never make sense to this girl brought up with far too many of them. Diana Spencer was a problem from the start. She was going to have things difficult for as long as they did not come in the package she expected them to be in. She was a timid and easily frightened girl but with a ferocious pride. She had not lacked attention or personal amusement or most of the things one would expect within a relatively normal family, except real love and family closeness. Her mother was daunting and her father was everyone´s daddy. Diana however, was unprepared for the broken home that would drive her intransigent mother to the other side of the globe and consequently not see very often. Nor would she expect her to bring in someone who Diana would have never agreed to have near him and in her own territory for that matter. She would never forgive her mother (who left her as a child) and she showed it publicly and despite the closeness, her father´s choice of partner put him in danger of isolating her even further. Diana was not a great reader or happened to be interested in anything other than making sense of her relationships and bury her own years of silent grief by making people laugh and be happy as a form of acceptance of her own undeniable importance as the future mother of a King of Britain. Such a crystal goblet of aspirations and new found security was not asking for the trembling hand which took it. She gritted her teeth and made it clear to herself that nobody was going to take that dream away and that If they did not respond to her wishes, they did not exist. Maybe she had assimilated the lessons of Lady Dartmouth (Rayne), her new stepmother and the perceived weakness of her father who had become all the more important to his children after her mother turned her back on them. For Diana, those who really needed her would take it all. In that respect her need to be needed was the mainstay of her extraordinary leap into public appreciation as the victim and the champion against those who would belittle her for whatever reason. She would give the country the promised heirs and they in turn would have the stake that would enable her to control her own destiny with or without her weak and treacherous husband.
Princess Diana, as she would become, could not go in any other direction (allowing for her emotional makeup which included regular bouts of irritability) and when asked by a senior palace aide of what I thought of the marriage I could not but express my misgivings. They were as open as they could be without expressing the sort of alarm that could have saddened my friend and Godmother of Diana´s sister – a woman who was constantly by the Queen´s side and often put her up overnight in Hampshire. I did however say enough to imply what I thought would be the end of the future of Monarchy with such a disastrous choice for the Prince. I pitted her against what little I knew of Prince Charles personally (which was only once in Avignon) and by the well meaning comments of some of his collaborators who later avoided Princess Diana like the plague for fear of getting on the wrong side of Prince Charles. The train in the sidings, kitsch press exposure and the other attempts to create a totally false image suggested he was a man of doubtful destiny with a severe personality problem. He seemed to betray an awkwardness that was singularly out of place in the new royal image. His backside seemed to be coming up in photographic press coverage all too often and was certainly out of place in the palace balcony as he stooped with legs akimbo to grant a Tango kiss that smelt of fake if ever there was anything to judge artificiality by. The seaside bathing prank on the shoulders of his private detective was but another faux pas. Charles was coming through in a way that would become his petard if things went wrong with his glamorized Princess. If I knew any grouping all too well, I knew editors, run of the mill photographers and reporters - and a more cynical lot I have never come across. That sort of laxity in press eyes was gunpowder in the hands of these reality manipulators as I myself would find out during the Royal tours I took on. My business achievements and personal life style would make me a target in the pursuit of the profession which would eventually turn me into an assiduous writer. At the time however, journalists were scarce and the picture had taken over which should have rung alarm bells throughout Royalty from the very start. Being different to these calamity chasers, was a sin or so it would seem and I was something they were not prepared to entertain. Their gossip and habits were for their own and the table had no room for someone who seemed better prepared than they were to get on with the object of their cameras.
The Royal relationship was doomed to failure, although in retrospect, Providence always seems to come up with an ace in the weirdest of occasions and form. As a public relations practitioner early in life and with some experience of Royal heirs in waiting as a director of the Monarchist League, I realized that he could not be married to anybody other than a member of European Royalty and my thoughts were on Astrid of Belgium that night when we were gathered in the Palace of the Dukes of Luxembourg and there was restrained talk of Prince Charles meeting her where we actually stood. I chatted with a Spanish lady in waiting of the late Queen Fabiola of Belgium and it was her who told me that Charles would fly into the grounds by helicopter. We stood eating and drinking hoping to see him and perhaps have a chance to learn a little more about what was happening behind the scene, but it never happened despite the enormous press attention he would receive. Wiithout doubt some establishment spoilsport in or outside the Palace of which I am now inclined to believe there were many, made sure it did not and lamentably , over such a stupid issue as minor religious differences which mattered little in the context of the record of any event even if it never got anywhere.
Knowing what I now know about the history and origins of the Christian faith, it makes my blood boil that it could really have been an issue when the differences were so obscure. I would even say that the insertion of a suitable clause in the marriage contract, could have been left to the future heirs to the British throne, when he or she came of age. With the Duke of Norfolk at the helm of the Catholic community and a humble Archbishop of Canterbury at the Queen´s end, a consensus would have been easy and very productive. Surprisingly, like Princess Diana, Princess Astrid has taken on very similar sponsorship and has worked incredibly well in that respect. Perhaps a heavy bill of official duties in that direction in the early stages of Diana´s marriage would have taken her off the marital plinth and allowed her a privacy corridor that would have made her see the better side of her public commitment.
Since the British Monarchy tacitly allows itself to be associated with the Arthurian legends, and Joseph of Aramithea, it is not surprising that Diana the new Princess would have immersed herself in all its connotations and started to drift into an unreal and magical world. All the symbolism is contained in Mountbatten, Battenberg, (Baden of Arthurian Legends) - the Chalice Well superstition and at which place Prince Charles dipped his broken arm - (at Diana´s instigation ? ) - not to mention the Cornish connections of Joseph of Arimathea, the Holy Family and the Celtic Novae Magae of the Glastonbury area to which tribe the husband of Jesus´s grandfather appears to have belonged to (according to some writer in books like “Did the Virgen Mary live and die in England ?). All this undoubtedly captured the imagination of the young Princess suddenly driven into the open and a marital bed. Would the esoteric rumours regarding the Royals also point to their descent by the Magdalen and would Princess Diana have been shown all these connotations and Medieval Romance to find out that it was all to be blown apart from the start by infidelity ?
Monarchy is not as simple as it looks and it is its refined cultural bearing that enables it to provide the sort of leadership that simple elections would never be able to produce. If the Bureaucracy can be called the guardian of posterity, then the Royal tradition can well also be called the same. It means continuity and accumulation of knowledge and historical veracity. Diana was not prepared, because of her volatile and romantic nature, to even think about things like that. The marriage was her ascent to the land of future heirs to a mystical throne and her own version of service to the people of the world. How all this was translated in her mind, is not difficult to see and maybe she even thought she knew more about these things than the alarmingly stoic Royals she was forced to live with. One very personal friend said she once allowed herself a reference to a Grail Princess. How much of this fable material was read to her during her infancy by a seasoned father, is also a question mark, but I suspect he made sure he read to her before sleep and when he had a chance to have her on his lap. He appears to have been closer to his daughter than he was to her mother Frances Shand Kydd who left him for an Australian and which marriage kept her out of the UK for long periods at a time. Future press references would reveal a disquieting rift between mother and daughter as much as another of a different sort with her own well known high living brother. Diana could never make heads or tails of him and communication between them was of the order of zero. It was therefore particularly poignant that in his eulogy before the world that he should shower blame on anything other than his own family disorders. Mrs. Shand Kydd complained that after Diana´s death she was frozen out by the Palace and perhaps there is material there which has not yet reached daylight.
It is worth mentioning that the Magdalene became a Royal deity to Templars based on documents they had access to . They referred to her as “Notre Dame son Majesté “ as against the Penitent label that the Church had her eternally linked with and which appears to hide apocryphal teachings which have not been properly understood. Princess Diana thrived on these things and even alternative medicine was a form of search for the Grail and the Lady of the Lake. The whole fairy tale concept of the Grail Legends which became a symbolic reality at her death in the Island lake of her family estate and the floral associations, joined forces with her Royal motherhood to become deeply entrenched in the collective consciousness of the people throughout the world. The key notes were there and the damsel in distress against the giants of power did the rest. Diana the people´s Princess was a curious attribution which is almost contradictory but it is this inbuilt and exciting combination that struck the public chord. Diana would have not understood the context of the “new religion of courtly love” which the Knights had brought over from the Orient after their association with the alternative life and death of the Christian founder and his association with a much misunderstood faith that was not in any way connected with the Jewish Apocalyptic teachings. It was the Muslim concept of the all loving Issa based in Phoenician religious thought so close to that of the Etruscan and their love festivals of nature. If Jesus had had issue and they lay among the lords and ladies of the land as privileged heirs to a mystical throne, they would have had to invent a new version of Christianity to allow for a genetic Messianic tradition among so many apparent descendants in the higher levels of social stratae. The recreation of a Messianic appearance not only lay in family blood but also in character and leadership capacity. After having passed the rigorous controls necessary to select not just genes, but noble nature and capability to lead pointed the way forward to European Royalty. Diana was awash with all the romantic concepts and her illnesses, when betrayed began to explains the underlying psychological disturbance which resulted from her once great moment of triumph over her “enemies” . There could not be any form of crack in her dream and Camilla was too real to simply sweep away. She became another horrific “ Rayne” and one betrayal too much. But then, she was cajoled to see the other side of sweet vengeance and the continuation of the realization of her dream with priceless heirs in her control. There were others who would gladly join her hate crusade and it was not difficult to trace who they were. But was Diana aware of where she was heading and was it perhaps an instinctive drive to prove without any shadow of doubt that she deserved all the Crowns ? There were definitely many strange powers at work and if Princess Diana had not entered the dream of the mystical kingdom, she would have never been able to reach the acclaim for her pedestal in her own Avalon. One very remarkable experience which many have not fully understood, was the awesome spiritual revelation which finally gave the Queen herself a taste of what was to come at the precise moment of time when her mind struggled with the connotations and spiritual elevation needed to place her lonely key position where it was meant to be. All this may sound very esoteric but Monarchy has a great deal of that and we know from Macbeth at least how very esoteric it can be in people´s mind. Anyone remotely aware of Jungian philosophy and the great man´s theory of “non causal synchronicity” would have seen it clearly immediately. Even the Queen with all the horrors of what was to hit her on her reluctant return to London to face the world, had to make sure that she had seen and experienced correctly. I am referring to the strange and beautiful emergence from nothing of that incredible creature – the monarch of the glen- who stood before her emanating resilience, sadness and need, in a humbling, proud and meaningful stare which inspired the Queen to recognize the sheer beauty of the moment. It may have provoked new heights of spiritual revelation in a very strong woman who had fallen into a time cul-de-sac and pointed the way to the right direction. Such is the nature of these very real experiences that express without words.
Realizing that the hunters were close in that moment of reverie she shooed it away unsuccessfully to try and save its life. However, in the split second that she broke the awesome stare and her returned message of love, it disappeared, leaving her in a confused state of spiritual elation.
The experience clearly shook her - especially since the hunters had paid a great deal for the privilege of killing these creatures as part of the natural exploitation of large estates like these. She knew then that she could not sit it out in Balmoral and that the world held its breath for her return to London. She had one pilgrimage to make before she took to the road - visit the estate abattoir and examine the stag that had been brought in for decapitation. Her mind had clung to the disquieting issue since it happened and she needed answers. She feared it might be the one she could have perhaps saved in some way. It takes little understanding of these things to realize that it was almost a sacred act as she must have prayed in her mind that the beautiful creature who had so honoured her with his prolonged unnatural and majestic presence, was not the desecrated corpse she was about to see. The man in attendance revealed the worst as the headless body strung from the ceiling killed her every hope. The great head and antlers that would one day decorate the Banker´s study showed wounds in the neck that would not have been mortal and the incident made it clear that he had been shot badly and that he had fled, taking a whole day to find and bring down mercifully. The Queen commented with what must have been soul searching pain as the vision entered her mind “So he was wounded…...” The stag was either already wounded when he came across the Queen and stared at her with such disturbing serenity or else was about to meet his torture and fate. Whichever, anyone with similar experiences at moments of great stress, would find parallels in the final moments of the life of Princess Diana worthy of contemplation. I would not be surprised if the Queen had it all in mind when she chose to declare that Princess Diana was a gifted child – comments which were echoed in the Cathedral sermon which spoke of forces and the miracle of the awakening of a universal spirituality not seen very often in historic events.
It was a mystical intervention of some incredible substance, bearing what was happening between a people and their spiritual leader. In essence it was even more dramatic than the one that apparently drove St.Teresa of Avila to her renewal and greater achievements. The Stag did not need to say a word even if it could have done so. Perhaps it was already wounded and picked up the strong frustration and plea for help on all fronts by the Queen as animals are wont to do to the exclusion of theirs, but perhaps these strange forces wanted to illustrate how natural innocence can became prey to licentious ignorance even when wounded and vulnerable and illustrate the terrible, silent injustice of it all. Princess Diana had cried many times out of fear of what she thought people in the shadows would do to her. The perilous seat of the Grail Legends was to find another victim unfortunately and which cruel end result was the result of more than just self delusion.Her anger and bitterness together with her concern for her image, clashed with the submissive figure of Mother Theresa. It seems likely that Diana would have never understood that either. Bringing the world press to the meek and humble is a delicate exercise and perhaps the Princess would have been better served by dressing in the garments of the Order, but who can judge ? These exercises served some purpose but they were a little too contrasting photographically to be described as anything other than her immersion in an unreal world that the circumstances of her nonsensical “broken life” forced her to flee into FOR Appreciation. Most would disagree with me but Diana was set to overpower her husband´s long held assumption that “ all attention on her was based on his own identity” She would therefore take every focal point of public concern and turn it into her own. It was her death that turned it all into the sort of triumph that gave colour to her work, but perhaps unfortunately for the wrong reasons. Princess Diana was indeed gifted but much of her misgivings were due to her sense of persecution and the desire to be acknowledged in her fight against those who would have made her toe the line purely for its own sake.
Diana was deeply entrenched in her search for natural cures and healthy living including, as we know, her much publicised colon cleansing experiments and in a funny way, Prince Charles was all for it as his diverse interests and multicultural appraisals show. It could have been the reason for her acceptance of the proposal as a kindred spirit so the betrayal could have had more of a sting than it would have had they been all that the different in the first place. Most people could not see what Diana could have possibly complained about if he had left her to her own devices but it seems obvious that she missed him. Conversely and naively he surprised the Queen after the accident with his tender remarks about her. The Queen expressed surprise and probably felt that the whole thing was beyond analysis and of a strange order of things which could have accounted for what seemed an about turn on the part of the so called perpetrator of the course of events. All Diana´s friends were gleaned from that sort of idealistic concept and that is why she could not stand Prince Andrews wife who in hindsight would have been the closest she could have ever got to a collaborator if only in terms of a sense of adventure and flirt with an opulent life. Prince Andrew escaped the dangers of her blackmail and has since stood up to the situation with a formidable front that a simpler Prince Charles could never muster. Nobody can really blame him for being out of his royal depth with someone who takes him on stage to make a fool of himself which although innocently done and with the sort of misplaced compassion, was a sure sign of ridicule at the very outset. She was, as always, totally unconcerned with any image other than that which she wanted herself to be portrayed as. Prince Charles would have simply never understood and perhaps should have learnt how to laugh out with the crowd as lacking in guile as his father so ably did. But Diana failed in this respect and whatever she said or did publicly, her stiffness and glamour bore the pedestal aloft. In fact, she even looked like the ever elegant Princess Alexandra at times who also charmed the crowds in her own way.
Prince Charles had been inserted into a very inflexible mold that could not and did not create what was required if he was to be set outside this framework. Some cheeky journalist asked him publicly whether he thought that he would be forced to abdicate his claim on the throne. His reaction was strong and his contorted features endorsed his disgust that anyone could think that anybody else other than himself could even voice such a decision. I venture to think that he could surprise them all at the end of the day, were he to find himself in front of the throne and carry it off with as much panache as could ever be expected from someone presumed inadequate.
A Romantic Princess But let us be fair and stretch a little in the direction of a simple tom boy of a girl worthy of the tales of Sinbad and genies, Cinderella and the hosts of Grimm which have thrilled the nation´s children right across the globe. These mystical creatures gave them that very special sense of adventure, aspirations and promises of things to be revealed. Diana saw the Crown and all its magical splendour representing the personal awesome admiration of a whole nation. The world in which she saw herself in appeared to have the sort of potential any Imperial/Messianic aspiration could take roots in especially if is challenged by adversity or unfair aggression. It works exactly like that as has happened with many a dictator and Statesman alike grown from defeat or rejection (as was with Stalin). Any feedback exaggerates the feeling, leading as it did with Hitler to an unstoppable vicious circle of power and response. Princess Diana did exactly that and her dangerous flirtation with the Press knew no bounds. Press day for the children, was a press day for her – the rest was inconsequential. The wife of the Byzantine Emperor embarked on such a mission as is well known with her constant and impossible so called religious finds. At the end of the day it was her mark on history that mattered. Her husbands own mysterious vision was the formal international launch of the greatest religion every put together – the Christian faith that would become absorb the Roman Empire and become Catholic faith. It has been suggested that Joan of Arc was of Royal Stock and that Jesus himself came from a princely bloodline with roots in the Hasmodeans. If so, it explains much more about them than outwardly understood. Towards the end of her life, Princess Diana was beginning to suspect that the dream had come true, that she could cure, reduce poverty and prevent war debri accidents. She could take her world to other countries and they in turn would see her in that missionary light - but that was dangerous and the cause of Caeser´s death by his own friends. She also believed that her heirs could put rule by popular support on mystical thrones and it seems that both Pakistan and Egypt were firmly in her mind. Why else would she enquire about love with an Arab other than finding out for herself, unless she had it all worked out ? Why else would the only man she really loved, the Pakistani heart surgeon shy away from such a prize? And why would she turn her back on him for another puzzling candidate unless she was in a hurry to get on with her mad aspirations. Perhaps Prince Charles in his own cosmopolitan way and dream of ruling over a multi religious State, would have understood, but a vision in one country could be a nightmare in another. Popularity might be a gift, but too much could also be a curse and in this instance it was almost a foregone conclusion that the forces evoked could brush her aside like a candle in the wind.
When the writer Moreton came to the door of hotel rooms directed by insiders, it did not take me long to send him packing on his way as the gist of what he was trying to do came out glibly. If ever there was a vision of decay, it was that apologetic figure who could have been stopped dead in his tracks but for fear of being a bearer of bad news that could have been misunderstood. The palace system and the royal cordon as I found out, kept them too well inside for good or bad. Anyone with tales would have found it very difficult to alert without becoming a scapegoat or even an instrument of others.
Moreton went on that night to sit it out in the hotel corridor with who would later become his prime collaborator and in the perfect situation to get the Princess into their scheme. It worked and it proved without doubt that princess Diana lived in the same world that these two did - a world of childish retribution and lack of understanding of the concept of Crown government that had she been alive today she would have understood all too well. But then that was twenty years ago amd she was a people´s Princess.
Michael Mifsud Canilla was a Commonwealth Parliamentary correspondent at the age of 16 and published Britain´s first trade journal for drivers. His entrepreneurial skills were innovative and created great wealth enabling him to pursue Royal Tours throughout the world and meet the members of the family and discuss issues with the political figures of the time. He was initiated into the only Order of the Temple which can be seriously called authentic and directed its world operations for a number of years under the present Grand Master. He has published a book called Al Andalus - a Trail of Discoveries about the people who have been called, the last anarchists of Europe. His radio, tv, magazine and net contributions have been extensive and he is presently preparing a book on Templar knowledge and the person Jesus.
target dining room chair pads seat uk with long ties, dining chair cushions canada cushion with ties room,dining chair pads with ties india room cushion canada s, dining chair pads target cushion covers with ties australia,dining chair seat pads with ties cushion covers uk australia, dining chair cushion target pads uk nz,dining chair cushion covers with ties room seat pads uk target,dining room chair seat pads uk cushion s target,dining chair pads with ties india nz uk,dining chair cushion covers uk target room pads cushions canada.
Please Note: If you will call us with your order, please write down the product ID and price. We'll be able to serve you more efficiently.
See anything you like, or want to get in touch with me regarding your next project? You can contact me through the form, phone or by e-mail.
On June 30, 1984 at an uptown NYC nightclub named 240 West, five of Manhattan's best garage/psych bands and one more from Long Island got together for a legendary evening which was billed as FuzzFest '84. You are listening to a radio spot which aired on WNYU in the weeks leading up to the show. In order of appearance the line-up was:
The following videos from that evening have been posted on Youtube. Bandmember, audience accounts, and photos will be posted below as they are submitted.
To hear the entire set of The Cheepskates performing at Fuzz Fest '84 click on any of the tracks below.....
Of the evening I remember how crowded and how much fun it was. What I really remember though, was being upset with my amp; it was an old Tremolux that would at times lose output power and it chose that night to sound flat.
I think that was the night Bruce Planty proudly spun his newly acquired, insanely rare Ugly Ducklings LP. What a kickoff to the summer of '84!
About a week before the show I bought a US Marine dress coat from a second hand shop on 2nd Ave. So a few days before I asked the others to wear something similar and we all ended up wearing differing types of military coats. I think that was the only time we had a theme to our outfits. We nailed our set and I must have lost five pounds sweating under that jacket.
I also remember some guy jumping onstage during our last song "I'm Crying". He joined in the chorus and on the tape you can hear him caterwauling right to the end.
That was the only Outta' Place show which I played a Gibson ES something or other guitar. I had hurled my Vox Starstream VI Teardrop across the room at a previous Dive show at the end of our "Batman" encore. Carlo Robelli of 48th Street fame eventually pieced it all together, although it weighed a ton after that. The next year I found a replacement and still use it to this day. Don't remember much else about the evening other than that the Portnoys had planned and promoted the whole thing.
I recognize Orin's voice on that recording (on this page.) We used to sit in his bedroom and make these "ads" for our shows that had music in the background. That's how we got to advertise on WFMU. Orin was a genius (I'm sure he still is). As for that night, I remember a few things important to me. I had been really sick with a throat infection for days before, so sick that I ended up quitting smoking cigarettes. The dress I'm wearing, which I still have, was made by Wendy Wild. And it was our last show. Michael (Chandler) had already left the band, but we convinced him to do this last show. If you notice (in the clip) he was pretty subdued that night...relatively speaking, I suppose.
I contacted Pat (Vipers drummer) about memories of the night. He just remembers wanting to get the fuck out of there after the show. As for me, one look as the camera pans toward me and you might be able to tell I was stoned out of my mind. The only recollection I have is drinking seltzer with lime due to previous consumption of Quaaludes. Boy, I really miss Quaaludes!
When I think about that night I think "what talent" and how primitive it was. It was strictly Tribal. When I sit here and think about that night the hairs on my arms stand up.
One thing that sticks out was how hot it was man. I was hanging out in the kitchen with the musicians because there was no food that night and it was cool in there. It was also where the thermostat was and the cheap owner kept coming in and turning the air conditioner off. And as soon as he would leave someone would turn it back on.
The Mad Violets weren't asked to be in FuzzFest even though we were one of the original bands on that scene (1981.) I clearly remember SOMEONE making some sort of comment to the effect that we weren't "good enough." Being a very young person at the time that hurt and I felt left out. Besides, bands that were actually worse than us were included. So FUCK FuzzFest! I should mention that I still had fun that night.
I must be getting f*ckin' old. I simply don't remember. Maybe that means I was there and had a GREAT time getting wicked drunk. Not blind drunk, but still drunk.
I was there, though I don't think I have much more to say than it was a great show. I'd been to a few garage shows and had seen most of the groups playing there, but it was a kick to have so many garage groups on one bill, especially since this was back before it was normal to have half a dozen bands playing in one night.
Oh yeah, and I'm still kicking myself for losing the single the Cheepskates were giving away at the door. I had left it at a table where I was sitting with some friends. They didn't realize I left it there and they also left the table. Oh well.
I was there and it's true, it was one of the coolest nights in NYC ever (and I've been to over ten thousand music nights in this town!)
Ira Elliot - drummer of the Fuzztones as well as the Bohemian Bedrocks/ Optic Nerve, Lords of the New Surf, and The Headless Horsemen:
My memories of this show are few and I can't even blame it on any kind of drug use - I was 21 and stone cold sober. Though now, after reading Paul Martin's comment, I kinda wish I'd been in on that Quaalude action. *sigh*
So anyway what do I actually remember? Let's see, Rudy (Fuzztones singer) was kind of a jerk but that was a merely par for the course. That cool mod orange Ludwig drum set belonged to Andrea from the Outta' Place. They were the drums we used at the band's shared rehearsal space in the music building on 38th and 8th.
Oh, and at the end of the night I ran off with the girlfriend of one of the Mosquitos. That I do remember. She was really hot named Jill, bass player from the Cheetah Beats. What a great summer!
Quite nice to see all of the clips from this event. I remember a hot night both in and out of the club. A big deal in my young little life at the time. First time I attended any of those NYC garage-rock "showcase" multi-band bills, and it preceded any visit to The Dive (I'm pretty sure I didn't even know about The Dive at this point.) In addition I met the sweaty Blair Buscareno here, so there's a whole bro-mance angle added to this memory now.
Load, unload, process and store hazardous and nonhazardous waste materials at a permitted waste treatment facility with supervision.
Ensures Health & Safety is the number one goal by following policies, processes, and acting in a safe manner at all times.
Responsible for the loading, unloading of trailers containing waste in conformance to company rules and regulations.
Load, unload, and sample solid and liquid waste safely in accordance with Company, federal, state, and local regulations/rules.
Use Department of Transportation (DOT) knowledge to match and label inbound materials for storage and shipping of containers to other sites.
Position handles hazardous materials and will often require use of PPE: boots, gloves, suits, eye-ear protection and respirator.
Heritage believes that each employee makes a significant contribution to our success. That contribution should not be limited by the assigned responsibilities. Therefore, this position description is designed to outline primary duties, qualifications and job scope, but not limit the incumbent nor the company to just the work identified. It is our expectation that each employee will offer his/her services wherever necessary to ensure the success of our endeavors.
Experience: 1 year of related experience and 24-40-hour HAZWOPER certificate preferred. Forklift and trailer moving experience a plus.
Knowledge and Abilities: Basic knowledge of EPA, DOT, and OSHA regulations preferred. Ability to understand general industry practices. Ability to lift up to 60 pounds. Ability to wear personal protective equipment. Including respirator. Regular and predictable attendance is an essential function of this job.
Most orders in stock ship within 3 business days. All items will be shipped either through USPS with a tracking ID.
Shipping to Canada/Mexico starts at $10.95 for International Priority Mail without a Tracking ID. Additional options are available at checkout.
Expedited shipping might be available if the item is in stock. If you need your jewelry asap simply do the following:
Body: Include the item name and number that you would like to order as well as the quantity. Also include your zip code.
2. The Customer Service department will reply to your email and let you know if the item is in stock and what the quote is for expedited shipping.
3. After receiving a reply from Customer Service simply place your order online* and in the comments section include how you would like the item shipped (UPS Next Day, 2nd Day, etc).
If within 7 days of receiving your online order from JewelryStylist.com you find that the merchandise is not as expected or does not fit we will happily accept the return. The steps below must be following when returning merchandise to JewelryStylist.com in order for us to issue a credit:
3. Send the merchandise back (at your own cost) insured, in the original secure packaging and in its' original condition.
4. Once your merchandise is received back and in good condition, JewelryStylist will issue a credit for the cost of the item/items. We are not responsible for return shipments which do not reach our return department.
We do our best to ship all jewelry and accessories as securely as possible, but occassionally an item might become damaged during shipping. If you find that any merchandise shipped from JewelryStylist.com was damaged during shipping we will happily accept the return and either exchange the merchandise or issue a credit. Follow instructions under "Returns" in order to get full credit. We are not responsible for return shipments which do not reach our return department.
Work placements are a valuable route for participants to gain or update experience of the workplace, to learn new skills and to return to the routine of work. It also provides prospective employers with evidence that a participant has the necessary skills and abilities to do a certain job. The Tús Initiative supports the development and delivery of services to improve community wellbeing.
The work placements are proposed and provided by community and voluntary organisations. They will be asked to submit a proposal detailing the work and the number of participants requested. The local development company or Údarás na Gaeltachta will assess and make a decision on the proposal.
Renovation of community and sporting facilities, including the regeneration and enhancement of community, recreation and sporting spaces
Repair of equipment for the Third World, eg farm tools, computers, sewing machines, health equipment etc…
Galway City Partnership has been established to tackle long term unemployment, disadvantage and to combat social exclusion.
Your browser doesn't support JavaScript or you have disabled JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript, then refresh this page. JavaScript is required on this site.
European Union funding: For a one-year period (2017-12-16 to 2018-12-15), EPPO has been awarded an EU grant for the further development of the EPPO code system (agreement nb: SANTE/2017/GS/EPPO/S12.768842). The EU Commission is not responsible for any use that may be made of the information from this project subsequently included in the EPPO Global Database.
Sollen wir Sie informieren, sobald ein passender Treffer verfügbar ist? Dann legen Sie einen neuen Suchauftrag an.
Yesterday, today, and tomorrow we at Kumon always have, and always will, place the utmost importance on continuing to learn.
The AmpliSeq for Illumina Focus Panel contains 2 oligo pools, 1 for RNA and 1 for DNA, which can be processed separately or together. The folowing table shows required kit quantities and assumes that DNA and RNA libraries come from the same sample.
*A sample is a specimen of nucleic acid from an individual source. Samples can be DNA, RNA, or Paired. For the purposes of this table, we assume that samples are paired.
†A library is nucleic acids from a sample after preparation and contains the required ends for sequencing. Since DNA and RNA are prepared separately, each preparation is considered a unique library. Therefore, a single sample can give rise to 2 libaries (1 for DNA and 1 for RNA).
Yeah, well, though rumors of buns in the oven have followed Jen through many years and many boyfriends, In Touch Weekly says this time it's for real. The mag claims Aniston's fiancee JUSTIN THEROUX has been telling his friends that Jen's eggo is preggo. Jen's publicist denies she's pregnant, but In Touch is sticking to their story, pointing out Jennifer has been seen entering and leaving the office of a noted fertility doctor in recent months.
IS JESSICA SIMPSON'S WEIGHT WATCHERS DEAL IN JEOPARDY?!: JESSICA SIMPSON has yet to confirm her rumored pregnancy, but Us Weekly, which broke the story, says the oops baby has gotten in the way of her Weight Watchers deal.
A source tells the tab the folks at WW are, quote, “furious” at Jess, explaining, “she was already on think ice with them since she didn’t lose enough for a first ad, when they had to shoot from the waist up.” Simpson has reportedly lost 70 pounds, and shot a new commercial, but the loose-lipped insider says, “they don’t think it can run. No one wants to hear about a pregnant woman dieting.”
The not-always-reliable National Enquirer claims that as Ellen’s career continues to rise, it’s driving Portia further away. “The more success and wealth they accumulate, the deeper the wedge between them,” a source told the rag.
The so-called insider claims Ellen has been trying to make her wife happy with gifts, like the new $18 million mansion she purchased in Beverly Hills, but, quote, “at this point, the only thing that’s going to save [their] relationship is [for Ellen] to find a way to make [her] success secondary to [Portia]”
On a related “Ellen” show note … JOHN TRAVOLTA and OLIVIA NEWTON-JOHN were on together yesterday to promote their new Christmas album, and while on a commercial break they let loose to one of their timeless classics ...
MARIO LOPEZ was on the show yesterday as well. Here’s video of Mario talking about his wedding reception and showing off a few wedding pics ...
RED CARPET PHOTOS: JESSICA BIEL in a Grecian inspired gown at the New York red carpet premiere of her new movie "Playing for Keeps" ...
raksha bandhan essay racial profiling essays essay on my favorite book sample essay of my favorite book in raksha bandhan essay simple subjects and simple predicates
No, I am not kidding. Rumors have it Will Smith will be landing in Malaysia next month; July. This information was leaked by a reliable source though not in direct relation to Mr.Smith. However, it’s not been confirmed if Will Smith will physically be here. ;)
Just saw Hugo on DVD. Very enjoyable movie and a nice period piece set in the 1930s. I enjoyed the selection of actors they had, including three with nice handlebars:
With the help of the artists themselves, our team chooses the perfect frame and ideal mounting for every individual work. We feel the presentation of an artwork is part of the enjoyment of art. That's why we collaborate with experts. All LUMAS editions are developed as original prints by WhiteWall, a specialist photo lab, and then framed and/or mounted as specified.
Every WhiteWall frame is made to measure. Made from solid wood in five different colours or matte aluminium, the frames are custom made with millimetre precision for each work of art. LUMAS Offers two types of frames: the classic photo mount frame and the floater frame with no glazing.
WhiteWall specialises in producing high-quality, solid wood and aluminium frames, combining state-of-the-art machinery and traditional craftsmanship for outstanding quality. All of the frames have a steel support structure. After the frames are constructed, WhiteWall professionally frames the photographs and securely packages them for delivery to you.
A frame without glazing that places particular emphasis on the photograph itself as the object being exhibited. The photograph is mounted on a 3 mm thick backing panel and under a UV-protective laminate. It is then precisely secured in the frame, leaving a visible gap of 7 mm between the edges of the photograph and the inside edge of the 14 mm wide solid wood moulding.
All LUMAS Editions are produced by the specialists at WhiteWall with direct input from the artists themselves. Using state-of-the-art, room-filling Lambda exposure systems and Fujicolor Crystale Archive paper, which is very highly regarding amongst professionals, the photographs are developed in a traditional photochemical process, resulting in brilliant original photographs fit to hang in a museum.
Mounting photographs on aluminium Dibond or under acrylic glass are WhiteWall’s extremely modern alternatives to classic framing. For both of these options, the first step is the same: the photograph is mounted on an aluminium panel by hand, giving the photo stability and suspending it. The result is a clear, open, and direct presentation of the photograph.
In this process, the photograph is mounted to a aluminium composite panel (Dibond) of the exact same size – adhered extremely precisely using an evenly applied, specialty adhesive that ensures a completely level surface. Afterwards, a UV-protective laminate is applied to help protect the work from damage. Hooks and spacers are placed on the back, and the mounted photograph is ready to hang.
The first step in this process is also to mount the photograph onto aluminium Dibond. After that, however, it is mounted under a pane of acrylic glass using a durable elastic silicone that protects against tears and other damage. If the area of the exceeds 1.2 square metres, an aluminium support rail is mounted to the back. In this modern look, the photograph also arrives ready to hang.
WhiteWall is the photo lab trusted by the most professional photographers and galleries. At WhiteWall, you can order prints, photo prints, mounts, and frames online, the quality of which will meet even the highest expectations. WhiteWall sets the standards in precision and combines traditional craftsmanship with state-of-the-art photo developing processes.
No matter if you create portraits, landscapes, artistic images, or cityscapes, if you want your own pictures produced, mounted and/or framed in gallery quality at affordable prices, then we highly recommend the online photo lab WhiteWall.
The current LUMAS editions, background information on the artists and their works along with exhibition dates for our LUMAS galleries.
In the LUMAS Art Magazine, you’ll find hand-picked new discoveries, the latest works, and a lot more. Request a free copy now delivered to you at home.
Be the first to find out more about our new art, special promotions, and recommendations from the LUMAS Curators. You can also look forward to invitations to exclusive art events in your LUMAS gallery.
By submitting this form, you consent to the saving and processing of your information. Your information will only be used for the purpose of processing and fulfilling your request. You can find more information in our Privacy Policy.
Sign up now for the free LUMAS Magazine, packed with new editions and background information about artists and their works, sent to your home for free at least once a year!
66. November 2017 77. November 2017 88. November 2017 99. November 2017 1010. November 2017 1111. November 2017 1212. November 2017
1313. November 2017 1414. November 2017 1515. November 2017 1616. November 2017 1717. November 2017 1818. November 2017 1919. November 2017
2020. November 2017 2121. November 2017 2222. November 2017 2323. November 2017 2424. November 2017 2525. November 2017 2626. November 2017
Teaches athletes important movement fundamentals of agility, balance and coordination. This rugged design is made of nylon and measures 18 inches wide x 20 feet long, with hard plastic rungs every 18 inches. Distance between rungs is adjustable depending on age and stride. The plastic rungs lie flat and do not tangle. The ladder can be rolled up and stored on its own handle in seconds.
Large Items that ship by Motor Freight (soccer goals, for instance) generally have their own shipping charge and are exempt from this offer -- although many of our large equipment items also ship Free!
As the number of colleges increases the number of online writing service also increases. Not like before; now most of the students are using online writing service to complete their assignment works. So it is important to find the best assignment writing service. Reviewsofessaycompanies.com will provide the assignment writing service reviews which will help the students to choose the best writing service.
In these days we can see numbers of colleges are increasing and also the online writing services also increases. This is because the need for these services is increasing because most of the students depend on these services to do their academic works.wireless printer troubleshooting
Jessy C. Ribordy - lead vocals, guitars, turntables, keyboards, synthesizers, programming, electronics (since 2002)
Brilliant yellow leaves, so saturated in sunlight that they bow–heavy with golden weight, and meadow grasses wet with the first rains, complete each other like puzzle pieces in the land around our cabin. But stories from Southern California remind me how fragile, how ephemeral this beauty is. We could have lost it all in the Canoe fire that threatened our home–our heart– in 2003.
A lightening strike started the fire and soon the lines were only about a mile and a half from our house. Then the blaze broke through. It came rolling towards us. A friend called Mom from where she was working on the burning hills. The fires had overrun her group of about a hundred fighters. They had to hunker down until it passed over. No one was hurt but they were surrounded by flames. She could see our house and warned us to be ready to leave soon. I packed my still nursing one year old into a car with his grandmother and with them went a load of photo albums, yearbooks, and tax records.
We decided to stay and fight. My husband and oldest sons gathered down at the pond, setting up a pump and a hose. We could hear the roar of the inferno across from us. As I watched the mountain pour flames towards the creek below, I answered the phones. People just up the road were calling frantically trying to determine whether they needed to leave. I couldn’t pack anymore because the calls were rolling in on top of each other. Finally, the flames (and the calls) slowed and I huddled inside away from the choking smoke. I remember sending out an email, “The computer tower will be one of the last things I pack. If the wind doesn’t pick up, we’ll make it through the night. Thinking of you all. Send good thoughts.”
So today, I’m passing on your ‘good thoughts.’ Please take a moment and open your heart to the people losing their homes.
Yes, how sad it is,,,,…..i remember the october 27th 1996….when i was called home by PGE. i was told there was a fire, i new it could not be me, i had just scraped together enough money to get in the place, and then took every thing else to modify the home so my yougest two could live with me again…..
ren, my son and i were watching the world series, i was in a chair that came with the home and he was laying on the floor as 11 year old baseball fan would do, i remember the smile on his face , turning and looking into my eyes , saying wow dad we are really doing good now.meaning he finally had a home with me again, sami was up stairs admiring the room daddy had made for her….EVERYTHING WAS GOING GREAT!!!! the next day the house was gone, and landing silently some where in idaho i suppose. ren showed up and held my hand as we looked at the burnt skeleton that was to be our home….he looked at me in the eye again, and said i guess we are not doing to well again, huh dad. i drove him to his mothers, we did not get to live with each other again like that for another five years i believe…..
but i am living proof that you can go on….i am not a quitter,! between neck surgery, interferon treatments, losing my job. i have some how built even a nicer home than before…and this year while ren was living with me, before he left for japan, he smiled and said, looks like were doing pretty good again dad…..and then flew off to japan…
Yes, you never get back what you lose. You can scab it over and go on and even make a pretty good new life. But the time you would have been able to spend with Sami and Ren is gone.
never take anything personally, never assume anything, try not to live in the past ,cause you will project it into the future….live now, the only time i think of the home that burnt , is when i go to look for something, then remember oh yea that burnt……my life has never been this good!!!!!
Perhaps its because I’m a story teller but after something horrible happens there is a part of me that feels as if I’ve a secret treasure stash–a place to mine for interesting writing tidbits. So even when all is bleak, I get a tiny bit of pleasure.
Mike’s aunt lives in Fallbrook, and received a “reverse 911” call Sunday telling her to leave immediately. Since then she has been staying in a motel in San Juan Capistrano. She was told yesterday that under no circumstances could she go home right now. She was only able to take her medications, important papers, a couple of photos, and 3 extra sets of clothing. Right now she is just waiting and hoping that her gorgeous home that her husband built for her many years ago will not burn.
I think that being a story teller is much more then being entertaining- it’s about voice and ask people who have none how important that is!
Some of the stories coming out of the fire area are so sad. I have a hard time imaging how people will come out the other side and say, “my life is great.”
Guest on Homeless Advocates Rally at the Humboldt County Courthouse This Morning said: If everyone had access to necessary
Kym Kemp on Approximately 20 Fires Set Over the Weekend Are Suspicious, Says Gasquet Fire Chief said: Love you, too!
Yesterday I went to visit Mount St Helens in Washington. I left there truly impressed by the power of nature.
From Wikipedia – “David Alexander Johnston (December 18, 1949 – May 18, 1980) was an American vulcanologist with the United States Geological Survey (USGS) who was killed by the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens in Washington. One of the principal scientists on the monitoring team, Johnston died while manning an observation post about 6 miles (10 km) from the volcano on the morning of May 18, 1980. He was the first to report the eruption, transmitting the message “Vancouver! Vancouver! This is it!” before being swept away by the lateral blast created by the collapse of the mountain’s north flank. Though Johnston’s remains have never been found, remnants of his USGS trailer were found by state highway workers in 1993.”
At Johnson Ridge Observatory they show a short film, and in part of it they play the recording of his last words. It made my hair stand on end. There was a tinge of fear, but mostly I heard excitement and awe. He was thrilled to be there at that moment in time. More than 30 years later I was standing near the same spot 6 miles away viewing aftermath. The destruction is impressive. After seeing the film of the explosion, I realize that his last moments on earth were an adventure quickly ended. He had seconds if that, but I don’t think he had any regrets. He lived his life doing what he truly loved.
The 6-inch display will likely be made from bendy plastic substrates, as an alternative to glass, along with the panel could be hooked up to any curved product.
Sorry, we just should be sure to're not a robot. For very best results, make sure you be certain your browser is accepting cookies.
David follows the janitor to the victims' home, frees the children, and finds their mom dead, nevertheless the janitor ambushes him and pushes him off a balcony into a swimming pool. David nearly drowns because he can't swim, but the kids rescue him. He then attacks the janitor from behind and strangles him until he passes out, though he is over again uninjured.
Shyamalan admitted he was disappointed with the response Unbreakable received from the public and critics.[25] Shyamalan also disliked Touchstone Shots' advertising campaign.
LG Chem, the South Koren company's study arm, has In addition said it is able to unveil its curved battery prototype ahead of the rumoured start of the corporation's G Flex handset in November.
Following the movie's launch, rumors of probable sequels began circulating in numerous interviews As well as in movie fansites. In 2000, Bruce Willis was quoted as hoping for an Unbreakable trilogy.[32] In December 2000, Shyamalan denied rumors he wrote Unbreakable as the first installment of a trilogy, expressing he wasn't even contemplating it.[32] In August 2001, Shyamalan mentioned that, because of productive DVD gross sales, he experienced approached Touchstone Photographs about an Unbreakable sequel, an strategy Shyamalan mentioned the studio at first turned down as a result of movie's disappointing box Place of work effectiveness.
Eric Rudder, Main technological tactic officer of Microsoft confirmed off the handset, that has a matchbox sized Regulate unit
It's a massive stage forward, along with a compelling reason for the standard person to acquire a smartwatch. apple iphone eight: Why a lack of X charm should not put you off Whilst the apple iphone X could possibly have stolen the headlines, in actual fact the iPhone eight may very well be the sleeper hit of Apple's new range, offering a similar electric power since the X but with functions and a structure end users have confidence in. Can it be genuinely worth spending £280 for Nintendo's Swap? MailOnline's verdict Although the look is extraordinary and convenient to use, the sport line up is disappointing. The $1,000 wireless speaker that actually IS truly worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb critique Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb can take you again to The nice old days - in which the tunes captivates and enthralls, rather that just remaining something inside the track record. The ideal all in a single wireless speaker you may ever hear: Naim Mu-so evaluation It might not be a reputation common into the US market, but Naim is usually a famous British manufacturer hoping http://www.lcdtvenclosure.com/anti-ligature-tv-enclosure/proenc-ligature-resistant-tv-enclosure for making a splash While using the American start of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. The hi-tech $two,000 spin bicycle that really could improve your daily life Peloton's hi-tech bicycle helps you to stream Are living and on desire rides to your own home - and It truly is one of the better examples of Conditioning technological know-how in existence - at a rate.
View many of the views expressed in the contents earlier mentioned are These of our customers and don't always mirror the sights of MailOnline. We're no longer accepting reviews on this text.
If you believe your intellectual residence continues to be infringed and would like to file a complaint, remember to see our Copyright/IP Coverage
The remainder of the mobile phone is not lined by exactly the same four-12 months guarantee. A 5.4in quad HD AMOLED Display screen is sandwiched into the five-layer screen, providing it one of the very best pixel densities of any smartphone available at 540 pixels for each inch. The upper the pixel density the sharper the screen.
David worries Elijah using an incident from his childhood when he Just about drowned. Elijah suggests the incident highlights the common comic trope whereby superheroes generally have a single weak point; he contends that David's may be drinking water.
The rest of the smartphone’s technical specs are similar to other versions of the company’s Moto X line, such as the telephone’s splash resistance.
Just in case you're still not convinced, here's what happened when we set it to the examination. Blow just after blow after blow--the screen by no means unsuccessful.
Cafe staff in Arizona took down a knife-wielding theft suspect and it was all caught on online video.
stair sled ,planning a basement staircase build ,remodeling solutions by moving stairs to a new location ,moving basement through cement wall from garage , basement staircase installation costs updated prices in,safe moving movers and vault co ,best staircase images on ideas , whats a better way to move such heavy item upstairs, moving replacing basement stairs photo design ideas,.
Facts on the ground change so quickly in Syria that one could be forgiven for suffering whiplash. Still in December of last year we were reading headlines that depicted a lackluster Russian military campaign, unable to change much on the ground for the fledgling Syrian Arab Army. Not long after the winter holidays, the opposite appears to be true. Moscow seems to be making strategic gains and has seized the momentum on the ground. Just a few months ago, in early October 2015, President Obama Sequins Ankle Women Boots Ladies Non Casual Slip Pink LuckyBB Boots TR76q7B, “An attempt by Russia to prop up Assad and try to pacify the population is just going to get them stuck in a quagmire and it won’t work.” As Syrian forces surround Aleppo, backed by the Russian military on the ground and in the air, it is hard to square the situation in Syria with those predictions. Thus far, the Russian quagmire in Syria has not materialized.
In a fantastic piece for Foreign Affairs, titled “Assad Has It His Way,” experts Joshua Landis and Steven Simon have sounded the alarm that Assad is winning in Syria. Is he? And if so, what explains this reversal in fortune? At first glance, it could be that the press is suffering a typical case of sharply changing the narrative on Russia from one incorrect assessment to another. Where Russia was achieving nothing in Syria only two months ago, today it is winning handily. Now the recently suspended negotiations in Geneva are cast as a Russian-crafted ruse, designed to busy the United States with dreams of a peaceful settlement. For Moscow, one is not a substitute for the other. Both the military and the political track are part of an evolving strategy to end the war on Russian terms. The United States should put this quagmire narrative to bed and get a bit more serious about dealing with Russia in Syria. Below is my take on how we got here and where this conflict is going.
Today Syria is essentially divided into two wars: one fight led by the United States to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and a separate battle led by Russia to stabilize the Syrian regime. Albeit uncoordinated, over the past several months both Russia and the United States have been steadily winning their respective military campaigns. While U.S. forces look set to sever the linkages between the ISIL capital of Raqqa and Mosul in Iraq, the Russian-led coalition is making advances both north and south in Syria, clearing the way to regain Aleppo. Having taken Rabia in Latakia province, Syrian forces may have a clear path to the Turkish border by the coast, while elsewhere to the south they have been consolidating regime territory and clearing pockets of rebels behind lines.
Tec Tec Hi Boys Hi After a stymied offensive south of Aleppo in mid-October 2015, Western observers quickly judged the Syrian army to be incapable, and the Russian air campaign as insufficient to change the balance of forces. While Russia put on a show with cruise missiles strikes of various kinds in an effort to demonstrate a parity of capability with the United States, it was also adding aircraft, helicopters, and ground equipment. Thousands of sorties with locally based aircraft and a mix of bombers from bases at home have chipped away at the forces opposing Assad. Meanwhile Russia provided Syrian forces with modern equipment, some undoubtedly operated by the Russian army. The Russian contingent is relatively small, perhaps numbering 4,000 to 5,000, with 70 aircraft based in Syria, but it is having an outsized impact.
Unable to deal a decisive blow to the amalgamation of Syrian groups fighting Assad in October, Russia had settled in for a lengthier campaign, designed to pick apart pockets of rebel resistance, destroying them one at a time. Instead of major offensives, the ground effort shifted to relieving besieged Syrian bases and freeing access to roads between major cities. Perhaps drawing on its experience in the second Chechen War, Russia is signing ceasefires with some groups of fighters and assassinating the leaders of others. Steadily, Moscow is killing off and diminishing the existing prospects for any moderate alternative to the Syrian regime, radicalizing some groups and crushing the rest.
Far from perceiving themselves in a quagmire, some in the Russian leadership may even see the war in Syria as an opportunity. From a training and weapons-testing perspective, it is better than any of the large-scale exercises Russia throws annually. The mix of ship-based, submarine-based, and bomber-based missiles being used is part political theater and parts arms expo, outclassing anything you could see at MAKS (Russia’s annual air show). Algeria, a regular Russian customer, has already announcedCircle 5Cm Heeled Decorative Zipper Round 35 Metal New Matte 8 The Black Head With Shoes Winter Thick Boots KHSKX High Side qxgvEUv that it will be the first foreign buyer of the Su-34s. So far the war has cost Russia one plane and one helicopter, while potentially landing it several lucrative arms deals, some already in the works
At the outset of the Russian air campaign, U.S. officials called it a predetermined failure. Here their foresight proved as faulty as many other a time when predicting the course of events in the Middle East. This incorrect reading stems from an inherent bias among the ruling policy establishment. Since Washington had judged that force could not be used to achieve political ends in Syria, it assumed the same would be true for Russia. Indeed, why would a great power or a major power be successful where a super power had decided to stay out after a careful analysis of the facts. The Middle East absorbs military power like a sponge, giving little back in terms of desired political end states. Surely only a fool would seek gains here. Hence the early narrative on Russia’s intervention seemed an accurate reflection of American experiences, and in some respects an alibi for U.S. recusal from the war surrounding Assad.
When Moscow approached Washington with a serious plan for peace talks in Vienna on October 30, 2015, it was viewed in light of that attractive analytical lens. Russia was seen as looking for a political way out, having failed to make major gains in October, and disappointed with the Syrian army’s performance. The unexpected progress on talks in Vienna was viewed in stark contrast to supposed Russian military failures on the ground. Far from seeking an off-ramp out of the conflict, Moscow instead was looking to shift the U.S. position on Assad’s fate closer that of its own, postponing the decision on his future.
Instead of the United States seizing on Russia’s desire to get out, it was Moscow that took advantage of the American wish to see an end to the humanitarian catastrophe without having to intervene. Washington is not gullible — any ceasefire was worth the political effort. The Russian plan for this war was better anyway, since the United States had no plan. Suddenly Washington gained a policy on Syria, a negotiations scheme, and a political way forward with prospects. Russia, entering this vacuum, would produce a win-win scenario for itself and the West. If that sounds too good to be true — it is. Everything has a price.
The Geneva talks reflected battlefield realities. The demands of the opposition groups, coming together into the High Negotiations Committee, are for lifting of the sieges, suspension of the Russian air campaign, and release of captured prisoners of war. You don’t have to be a military expert to know that these are the demands of the losing side in a war. Russia agreed to a format of negotiations whereby the two sides talk while they fight so that it could shape the Syrian opposition on the ground, by eliminating those parts of it that it finds disagreeable at the negotiating table. This is why Moscow agreed to Salafist groups like Ahrar al-Sham being present, even though it considers them to be terrorists. Both the military and the political effort are meant to divide the rebel groups, pitting them against each other. If Landis and Simon are right in their analysis, that plan is working.
The recently negotiated “cessation of hostilities” in Munich will not hold. It is, at best, a diplomatic offering by Russia for the West to save face, and engage in a humanitarian mission, while the Syrian opposition stands on the precipice of defeat in Aleppo. If Russia and its allies are intent on making such strategic gains, and have the means to do so, why would they stop? Even if a ceasefire is declared, Moscow will conclude hostilities only after it has achieved military objectives. This is exactly what we saw in Ukraine in early 2015. The tentative deal in Munich has far less firm footing. It will fail predictably with recriminations from both sides of the conflict. As long as the Russian-led coalition has the momentum on the ground, there is no logical basis for a ceasefire.
Hi Tec Tec Hi Boys Hi Tec Boys Tec Hi Russia presses its advantage militarily, creates new facts on the ground, uses the denial and delivery of humanitarian aid as a bargaining chip, negotiates an agreement to lock in the spoils of war, and then chooses when to resume fighting. This is diplomacy in the service of military aggression. And it is working because we are letting it.
This is the swan song of the era when the United States had little need to worry about other powers intervening. The United States fired much of its economic and political ammunition already in response to the invasion of Ukraine, with debatable results. Outside of scornful op-ed pieces in the Western press, what is there left to fire over Syria, besides actual weapons?
Yet those who dream of seeing Assad out should not despair. Assad is not necessarily winning in Syria. The Russian-led coalition, together with Iran, Hezbollah, and what’s left of the Syrian army, is winning. That is a distinction with an important political difference for Assad to play out at the end of this conflict. While Saudi Arabia and Iran have intractable positions on Assad’s fate, Russia seems much more open-minded on alternative futures, though it will not condone regime change by discussing his removal publicly. It is difficult to see how Russian leaders could count on Syria being stable in the long term under his leadership. They’ve made a much larger political and military stake in the country, and Assad does not look like the man to keep it secure in the long term. Some are certain that Russia will never give up Assad, but who has a good track record in predicting events in the Middle East?
The Geneva negotiations are not just a ploy; Russia needs that settlement eventually in any scenario. It is simple battlefield reality. The more territory the Russian-led coalition regains, the more a political settlement is a necessity. If Assad’s forces could not hold the rapidly dwindling piece of Syria they had left in 2015 how can they defend much larger real estate, together with major cities? The answer is they can’t. We can see how the Assad regime might retake Aleppo, but what’s the plan for holding it along with other cities for the next decade or so? Gaining terrain is one thing, keeping it is another. Assad said he plans to retake the whole country — a dictator can dream. Russia started the negotiations precisely to avoid retracing America’s steps in Iraq and Afghanistan, where military victory is day one of the quagmire to come. Certainly Russian leaders remember the Soviet Union’s own fruitless struggle in Afghanistan. Political settlement is the only way for Russia to lock in any gains in Syria.
If this is so, then why have the Geneva talks been suspended through February, while Russia keeps bombing? The short answer is that the Russian-led coalition is not done capturing the territory they feel must be regained, especially the city of Aleppo, and as a result have no intention of giving rebel groups a respite. Russia’s intervention forced them to the table, but they are not weak enough and some of them Moscow does not want to see in Geneva at all. Aleppo is a hulking ruin, but its fall would be a colossal symbolic defeat. It could split the rebel groups Saudi Arabia worked hard to unite in Riyadh. Russia is pressing its advantage, hoping to secure the major cities for the Syria regime, while leaving the ISIL-held eastern part of the country as an “American problem.”
We should not expect anything otherwise from Moscow. The cost of getting a deal in Syria while staying out is that it will be on Russian timetables, and in many ways, Russian terms. Munich is a good example. Secretary of State John Kerry said the deal was a “nationwide” cessation of hostilities, which is “ambitious.” It’s not ambitious, but impossible, by Russian design. The larger the scope of the agreement, the more obvious its lack of feasibility. Nobody controls, or speaks for, the myriad of groups fighting across Syria. Of course hostilities will not cease, and Russia will blame them and continue bombing (assuming it will even take a break). This agreement is a consolation to ameliorate Western humanitarian urges, and give the United States something to do.
The Turkish downing of a Russian Su-24 in November certainly made this military adventure a more serious undertaking for Moscow. Yet for all the technical inadequacies and deficiencies in its operations, the question we should ask is whether or not Russian use of force in Syria is achieving their desired political ends. The answer is yes. The United States made a mistake by waving off this intervention as a doomed adventure. Failing to take it seriously has ramifications for the region beyond the Syrian war.
If Moscow shows that it can get the job done in Syria, and secure Assad’s fortune from what appeared to be certain defeat, then other dictators may see Russia as a potential alternative guarantor of their rule. Few in the region were happy with the U.S. policy during the Arab Spring. If there was another power capable of providing security and acting independently, but one that prized stability over democracy (the way the United States used to), it would be welcome in the Middle East. This is why U.S. success against ISIL is even more paramount from a geopolitical perspective. America no longer has a monopoly on being the only viable actor in the Middle East.
Syria reveals an unhelpful pattern of U.S.–Russian interaction, visible in other exchanges over Ukraine: The United States spends its time explaining to Russia what will be, while Moscow works to change what is. That could be evidence of a chasm within the U.S. policy establishment between the desire to do something about Russia and the knowledge of what to do. Lt. Gen. Vincent Stewart, head of DIA, Concrete M Silver Hi Pampa Boots Ankle Women's Birch Palladium xUHYqwY earlier this month that “the Russian reinforcement has changed the calculus completely.” If we go back through official statements last fall on the Russian intervention, will we find a calculus at work?
Occasional suggestions from interventionist circles to unilaterally declare a no-fly zone over Syria are not only unhelpful, but demonstrate a base lack of understanding for how to deal with another major power. This is the “do something” school of international affairs, and more evidence that the debate on how to respond to Russia’s intervention in Syria is largely between no ideas and bad ideas. Of course, years from now the U.S. read on Syria could prove prescient, but right now the quagmire is less visible in Russia’s military operations, and more in U.S. thinking on how to deal with Moscow’s intervention.
Michael Kofman is an analyst at the CNA Corporation and a fellow at the Wilson Center’s Kennan Institute. Previously he served as Program Manager at National Defense University. The views expressed here are his own.
If you read WOTR, you love to learn more about national security and international affairs. We have some questions to help inform a new professional development tool we want to build. It will just take 2 or 3 minutes. Take the survey here.On Toe Low Heel Kitten Fashion Women COOLCEPT Shoes Peep Sandals Yellow Slip pf6pwtq
The Mining Group Gold program teaches a meeting-management process that helps team members manage themselves and their ideas efficiently and productively.
Review the information in the lecture that presents Mining Group Gold as a method for facilitating meetings. Then, after you have studied and reviewed this
mining group gold as a method for facilitating meetings Review the information in the lecture that presents mining group gold as a method for facilitating meetings.
During the Group Mining Projects we conduct each season, I always like to start by discussing the most important and fundamental ingredient in successful gold mining.
Mining Group Gold, Third Edition: How to Cash in on the Collaborative Brain Power of a Team for Innovation and Results
Download Free eBook:Mining Group Gold, Third Editon: How to Cash in on the Collaborative Brain Power of a Team for Innovation and Results - Free chm, pdf ebooks download
Today, more than ever, organizations are built around people working collaboratively with one another in teams. The continued impetus is for the establishment of
Review the information that presents mining group gold as . Review the information that presents mining group gold as a method for facilitating meetings.
mining group gold. Prepare a two- to three-page paper in APA style, sixth edition format, that describes, explains, addresses, and answers the following questions or
Mining Group Gold has 7 ratings and 0 reviews. Explores the process of managing people and ideas to achieve a high level of results in a complex, turbule
Gold mining is the process of mining of gold or gold ores from the ground. There are several techniques and processes by which gold may be extracted from the earth.
The mining method selected is determined by the size, shape, orientation and type of orebody to be mined. The orebody can be narrow vein such as a gold mine in the
mining group gold as a method for facilitating meetings. mining group gold as a method for facilitating meetings Review the information in the lecture that presents
Questions to Consider (30 points total) Review the information in the lecture that presents mining group gold as a method for facilitating meetings.
Mining Techniques of the Sierra Nevada and Gold Country by Snowy Range Reflections staff Panning for Gold Panning was the oldest and simplest way to separate gold
5 Steps Gold Panning. Though this method of painting may seem quite simple and unsophisticated, The mining group gold five basics,
Mining Group Gold - Essay by Tirorin - Anti Essays. 23 May 2014 , Mining Group Gold and its usage Intro to Business & Technology The first step of implementing the
Thomas Kayser. CEO Kayser Associates; Author: Building Team Power, 2nd Ed, 2011, and Mining Group Gold, 3rd Ed, 2011 (both McGraw-Hill) Location
Mining Gold. Today, more than The Mining Group Gold process is a team process and meeting developed and perfected a method for teams or groups of individuals
Luoyang zhili new materials Co.,Ltd Bimetal Composited Liner Plate $ 2.40 /Kg. The wearing parts of jaw crusher are mainly the movable jaw plate,
Metal Plate Offering you a complete choice of products which include Metal Plate such as Jaw Crusher Plate, Wear Plate, Jaw Crusher Liner Plate and Diaphragm Plate.
United Mining Products PTY Ltd. Is an Australian owned and operated mining product supply company, specialized in premium manganese crusher liners including jaw
We provide our Crusher Fixed Jaw Liner Plate with high quality, affordable, as well as comprehensive technical support lifting any concerns with every customer.
Search results for jaw crusher liner plate from Zhengzhou Dingsheng Engineering Technology Co., Ltd.. Get exactly what you're looking for.
Recruitment Agent from World is a leading manufacturer and supplier of jaw crusher, jaw plate, liner plate and other internal spare parts to suit all
Jaw Crusher Plate, Jaw Plate for Sale, Jaw Plates Manufacturer Jaw Crusher Plate. Jaw plate is manufactured with super high manganese steel, therefore it has a
Liner plates for jaw crusher Products. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any
Wear and Spare Parts have a large stockholding of crusher liner plates for Wear and Spare Parts stock most jaw crusher cheek plates and liner plates to ensure
11 Nov 2018 16:30:10 Really struggled to create anything today, very frustrating. Felt like we did..
09 Nov 2018 18:01:15 Seeing that we are interested in Denis Suarez from Barca. Does anyone know if..
31 Oct 2018 20:57:01 We are going to be taking a hit on Bakyoko. Having a shocker in Milan, really..
28 Oct 2018 12:13:35 RLC has to stay today as getting a hat trick and being benched isn't going to..
06 Nov 2018 14:23:29 Hi Ed001; would it be right to say that Chelsea is definitely in for a winger..
27 Oct 2018 02:25:18 A question I'm wondering about. When we play teams in the bottom half at home..
26 Sep 2018 21:11:08 So toothless, looks as if run out of ideas, pressed Cesc more second half and..
23 Sep 2018 21:39:22 6 in, won 5, drawn 1 against what is becoming a bogey team away from home for..
23 Sep 2018 14:56:03 Rudiger injured, Pedro out Willian tired, . Thursday nights proving difficult..
Not going to rant but I want to know if anyone still have hope on Morata. We missed a trick in not cashing in on him in last transfer window. He's nowhere near the kind of striker for Chelsea.
Don't see how many people can still be behind Morata at this point. I've said before that he has certain traits in his game that can help him become a world class striker, but he's a player with little to no composure and is too much of a confidence player. If we want to compete with Liverpool and City we need to play Giroud from now on and get a better ST come January or in the summer. I agree on Pedro as well, much more of a goal threat and goals is something we need. Everytime i watch Willian he has moments in games were he looks good but his end product is very poor.
We created 4 opportunities and Willian created 2 of them: Rudi's goal and the Luiz header - that's 50% of our clear chances created - Give the guy a break!
LOndonblues you can’t see how anyone is behind Morata at this point? Maybe becuase we’re fans supporting our players? What a terrible comment
United done the job on hazard because his a threat, Jeep the ball away from the danger man, let willian have it instead.
Standard, may have been worded wrong, was more saying i don't see how many fans can still think he's the ST we should trust taking us forward. And i'm pretty sure Ed002 thinks we're donkies due to the stupid amount of abuse from so called fans he gets on here when all he's done was help. If a comment like that is the reason why then he must have that opinion on every other fans page. I've seen much worse. I support Morata when he plays and never abuse the guy. But after the game if you're still not playing up to the level he should be then people will lose faith.
Tell you truth lads I have never rated Morata. AND OLDERS POSTERS CAN confirm that I was well opposed to signing him with my old account (lrdlt) . I always thought that Lukaku was the best option.
But to tell you truth I don't believe he would have succeeded either. Is it only me but I would swap Morata with Rashford (and I am not English) any time.
London blues, i apologise as I misunderstood what you said. I was a massive fan of Lukaku and wanted him instead of Morata, shame we took too long to bid for him.
No need to apologise mate, should've have worded it better. Yeah me to, especially since he looked destined to return for soo long. Personally think Lukaku would've struggled playing in this system though as well but he'd get you goals.
This is the international website for Illumina. If you are looking for information specific to your region, please select your location and we will redirect you.
As a leading provider of networks for health care, wellness and lifestyle services, we are committed to improving the health and well-being of thousands of families nationwide. Established in 1991, we Read More...
Frequent Shopper Reward: When a Cardmember makes over 4 purchases in 120 days they receive an additional 5%
At Audibel, we believe every patient with hearing loss is on a lifelong journey to better hearing. Audibel is a manufacturer of premium hearing aids, sold only through our worldwide network of author Read More...
Welcome to Tammy & Friends - A full Service Marketing company all under one roof! We offer Printing, Graphic Design, Promotional Items, Website Design, SEO, Copy Writing, Ad Design and much, much more Read More...
Beautiful Bathroom Trim Ideas #9 - Wooden Curtain Rods And How To Buy The Right Ones Traba was published in November 24, 2017 at 1:20 am. If you wish to use this picture as your PC wallpaper, you may tap the download link below or you may just right click on the photo above and select "Save Image As" to download the Beautiful Bathroom Trim Ideas #9 - Wooden Curtain Rods And How To Buy The Right Ones Traba or by choose the "Set Desktop Background As" options if your browser has that capability. If you could not get the the most wonderful photo you are expecting for, you should go for "Search Column" at top right or browse more image wallpapers whatever you like. This photo has the file size is 93kB and the resolution of 909x606. Beautiful Bathroom Trim Ideas #9 - Wooden Curtain Rods And How To Buy The Right Ones Traba has been viewed by 63 users and it is a photo from Bathroom Trim Ideas.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on Kitchen Design website that is not Samiit House property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Kitchen Design claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Complete the enquiry form and we will be in touch with you soon to connect you with your tutor and to arrange the lessons
Step 4: Once each lesson is completed, your tutor will mark the lesson completed and provide feedback and notes, which will be emailed to you
The course, originally designed by the late Len Keating, is designed to be completed in 15 weeks. Week 16 is set aside for the students and tutor to have a social get-together, ideally at the home or in the community of the tutor. May this be the start of many friendships!
For your or a tutors first lesson, an accredited Imbeko representative can be requested to attend the beginning of the lesson to introduce both parties.
For more information, please see our safety policy for students and tutors or contact us with further questions
The course, originally designed by the late Len Keating, is designed to be completed in 15 weeks, but some students prefer to get extra homework and complete it in 12.
Head over to the "sign up as a tutor" page and fill out your name, email address and password. These are your login details. From here you will be directed to your own home page where you will be required to complete your profile.
Completing your profile is easily done once you have created a profile here. There are five main sections you will have to complete before becoming a tutor:
Uploading of your ID document, Work Permit (if applicable), CV, Matric-certificate (if you have one) and Safety Clearance.
Once you have submitted your application, you will be contacted by an Imbeko staff member and will go through our training process before being listed as one of our tutors.
The course, originally designed by the late Len Keating, is designed to be completed in 15 weeks. Week 16 is set aside for the students and tutor to have a social get-together, ideally at the home or in the community of the tutor. And may this be the start of many friendships!
Students each pay between R1 600 and R3 200 for the course, depending on group size. After our marketing costs, service costs, banking fees, manual and cd costs are deducted, tutors will earn between R165 and R880 per session, depending on the size of the group. The higher you are rated by your students, the more likely you are to get more bookings!
It is part of Imbeko’s policy that you require Police Clearance, which can be done at your local police station for R96 + postage (+- R100). This can take 4-8 weeks.
Copyright 2008 Kilas Blogs | Converted by eBlog Templates | Hosted by Blogger | Designed by Design Disease
Grey and White Living Room Furniture attractive Designs » Fantastic Information When It Comes To Decor, Grey And White Living Room Furniture Home design is just as difficult while you allow it to get. When you are happy to discover and make time to permit refreshing tips drain in, you can expect to effortlessly watch your success. The information within the report previously mentioned were all well tested by a lot of prior to, and may very easily work in your favour too.
govana casual grey fabric sofa from Grey And White Living Room Furniture, Take it with you when searching for curtains or other redecorating supplies impression got from: furniturestorelosangeles.com.
best 25 classic living room ideas on pinterest living from Grey And White Living Room Furniture, Take it along with you when searching for curtains or other beautifying resources looks downloaded from: pinterest.com.
You should choose Grey And White Living Room Furniture what type of frame of mind you want the area to obtain before beginning any layout function. Feelings can be daring and extravagant or relaxed and soothing. When you are aware what sensing you desire Grey And White Living Room Furniture your living area to offer you, you will see that it’s much better to prepare tasks to finish your room Grey And White Living Room Furniture style.
Grey and White Living Room Furniture attractive Designs » Use adaptable furnishings every time beautifying a smaller sized area. An ottoman is an excellent option. It can be used for seats or even a kitchen table, and you will even retailer products inside of, if this opens up. Things that have multiple reasons are efficient area savers for the smaller sized place.
hotel chic design lessons from new york s crosby street from Grey And White Living Room Furniture, Take it along when shopping for drapes or other decorating components picture got from: hotelchicblog.com.
decor taupe blue living room hamptons m a g n o from Grey And White Living Room Furniture, Take it with you when shopping for curtains or some other designing supplies image downloaded from: pinterest.com.
tv mirror frames small apartment living room modern from Grey And White Living Room Furniture, Bring it together with you when buying drapes or another beautifying resources got from: flauminc.com.
classic white living room ideas home designing white grey from Grey And White Living Room Furniture, Take it along when buying drapes or other redecorating materials impression sourced from: cbrnresourcenetwork.com.
Grey and White Living Room Furniture attractive Designs » Consider your settee support store shopping together with you. It may possibly feel goofy, but consuming coupled part of your settee could help you save a lot of time money. Take it along with you when searching for curtains or another designing components. This way, it is possible to ensure that Grey And White Living Room Furniture everything matches.
Grey and White Living Room Furniture attractive Designs » Lighting fixtures are a fantastic addition to any property since these can be within the family room or proper by your side inside the bedroom. Furthermore these devices give you more light to see and publish, nonetheless they will give your home a classical look and complement a number of variations.
Let you to Opt for washroom lights carefully. In the washroom, an individual expense light will cast an undesirable shadow, Grey And White Living Room Furniture rendering it challenging to apply makeup products or shave. A Grey And White Living Room Furniture sconce on both sides from the medicine cabinet will offer a much volume of light-weight, ideal for grooming. Incandescent lighting is much better to luminescent lighting, which can produce a bluish tone of Grey And White Living Room Furniture.
Tags: gray and white living room chairs, gray and white living room furniture, grey and white living room chairs
IPRT India Poker League is the best platform in India for live poker tournaments. Membership is absolutely FREE
The schedule for September is tentatively confirmed. All members who wish to participate may send in your registration to pokaments@pokertourindia.com
Top Finisher gets a FREE entry to the 26 Sept 2009 Dusherra Special tournament where buy-in is Rs. 50000.
Maximum entrants - Restricted strictly to 200 players only on first come basis (advance registration)
1st place 42% - 2nd Place 25% - 3rd place 12% - 4th Place 8% - 5th Place 6% - 6th place 4% - 7th, 8th, 9th places 1% each
Maximum entrants - Restricted to 200 players only on first come basis (strictly advance registration)
We have negotiated special rates with hotels in Goa for our members. We will provide you the list of hotels and upon check-in you show your IPRT League ID to avail of the discounts.
picard wrote: how much will be the casino entry fee? IOW, do they even have an entry fee in offshore casinos?
As an example - the Casino Royale Goa has Rs. 1000 entrance fees on weekdays and Rs. 1500 on weekends. this includes a buffet and unlimited drinks.
Would it be possible to have satellites into the Sept 26 event if enough people are intrested . Also wondering if you could have a package for a Goa Accomodation + Satellite .That way particpants can play the satellite for the Sept 26 event and also have some fun while staying in Goa . We can also get friends to particpate in such a case ( if the entry isnt too high ) and I am sure your sponsors would be a willing help to contribute to such an event
IndianpokerAce wrote: Would it be possible to have satellites into the Sept 26 event if enough people are intrested . Also wondering if you could have a package for a Goa Accomodation + Satellite .That way particpants can play the satellite for the Sept 26 event and also have some fun while staying in Goa . We can also get friends to particpate in such a case ( if the entry isnt too high ) and I am sure your sponsors would be a willing help to contribute to such an event
For the hotel part we are negotiating discounts with hotels in Goa and are finalizing the list for our members.
As the total number of participants may vary the total prize pool cannot be determined. This is the total prize pool after expenses, fees, taxes etc, which will be paid out to the top 9 players in the ratio mentioned in the tournament details.
okay. so what ur basically saying is that out of Rs. 50000 buy in, only 70% (Rs. 35000) will be given to the prize winners which will be to the top 9 people.
so hypothetically, if 200 people play, that will be 1 crore total, out of which only 70 lakhs will be given as prize money to the top nine people and the rest goes to you...
i suggest you make it more than the top nine people like in the WSOP. they use a system to determine from what number people will be able to start winning.i think that system is available on their website.
I think 15% payout ( i.e. 30 people) is a proper ratio and will not be too wide spread. Also I assume if hotel arrangement is included in the 50k ..then no harm in allowing one more partner or friend to accompany if food expenses are not covered ?
thats what i was also wondering and still have questions/doubt and would like to speak with one of the admin/coordinator
pranav wrote: okay. so what ur basically saying is that out of Rs. 50000 buy in, only 70% (Rs. 35000) will be given to the prize winners which will be to the top 9 people.
Pranav, you may write your views in these regards to iprtleague@pokertourindia and i am sure it will be taken up for review
we all play teen patti at our house...and know its not legal but still know nothing is going to happen...isnt it
found: Wikipedia, via www, 23 Oct 2008:(Ahmad Qavām;1876 - July , 1955; (Persian: احمد قوام), also known as Qavam os-Saltaneh (Persian: قوام السلطنه); Prime Minister of Iran under Qajar and Pahlavi dynasties; variants: Ghavam al-Saltaneh; Ahmad Ghavam)
Duna Grande or Cerro Blanco with its 2080mt is actually the second highest sand dune in teh world, it was created by the predominat north west wind ( viento Paracas)it brings the sand from the desert to the pre andean cordillera, the dune grows 3 cm each year.
Beautiful landscape, a big dune well taken, nice colors with this good light capture, well framed with this lonely man, a good scale, tfs.
Without knowing that the shot is from Peru, I would have imagine it in Arabia. The composition and the proportions of the crop are very good. Above all, you have the most important element which makes this sand dune picture so interesting - the climber! And he's perfectly placed on the upward slope silhouetted against the sky. Thanks for the interesting note.
The sand dune is well included, mounting diagonally from bottom l/h corner to the top r/h corner and showing lovely details of surface textures created by light and shadows.
Think & Learn Teach ‘n Tag Movi Review knows from time to time, interesting toys are introduced to the market – it seems as if one amazing toy that we MUST have is introduced every […]
http://hottoysheadquarters.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, or endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com.
hottoysheadquarters.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, or endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com and any other site that may be affiliated with Amazon Service LLC associates program.
Insatiable teens from known cannot wait to get right to it, eager to have their pussies pumped, aching for cocks in their mouths, to be filled and to climax… Flirty babe cutie wearing a sexy outfit gives head, has her love box fucked and drinks jizz after it’s spewed! Fair fiction bitch with sexy body gets drilled by four hot rods and gets her tits washed with cum!
Wheresoever you eye in show world you are sure to sight juiced rusty-dusty green Dutch dumplings, seductive spindly legs, glabrous paunches, flagrant charlies and oozingrents and gaps good to go to screw. The slut paws kind of bichos whereas her country matters is filled with a twig! Here is a very unique sort of world in form of sex art…
The is brimming with anxiety receive dick in both of her cum holes and when it finally happens she gets the dirty off her chest! That show street walkers love to go hardcore with one another to give you a sneak peak over the hottest fuck action that you can imagine… Aching show babe wants to feel hard black dick pushed al the way down into her butt snatch, and then gve it a blowjob till it dumps cream into her mouth and on her face…
Ever dick dreaming universe females have such smooth and tempting bodies that it would be entirely rash action not to give your cock pleasure from fucking them. That bitch opens her mouth for a cock, gets her butthole stretched to its limits and gets her tight asshole creampied. Seems like fuck-willing show teens haven’t been drilled in ages!
Groovy cutie posing topless and engulfing a massive man’s tool deep in her shaved pussy. This entry deals with no one else but the cutest teens from fiction and involve them in all sorts of perverse situations… Another young hottie from fiction has some great rack to show us and she cannot possibly miss any man or boy…
Enjoy young meek and shy babes of known laying astraddle to demonstrate their pinkish glittering with moisture slits and immense meaty sources of delight flapping their soft balls over mouth-watering soft buttocks… Slutty chick of known craves to take on this heaviest fuck load of all her previous experience! Gosh, this huge manly tool is rather skillful to bring the gasps of utmost pleasure of the spicy teacher chick as it pumps her smooth slick slit!
Unfold the most bouncing red hot whims of the honorable fiction worthies and cacodemons rejoicing at delirious and Anacreontic fuck-fest after hosting for world-wide presidence… A firm cock drilling whore’s anus and poke hole makes her squirt non-stop! World’s famous universe heroes return once again with the new sex adventures inside the article!
Kissing and touching is the regular way for the universe action starts, but you can never tell where it’s gonna take them… Tight teen sucks off two guys, gets her tight backdoor stretched like never before and doesn’t stop getting fucked until everyone had a turn… Let’s get inspired by a hootchie from world that is getting fucked right on the curb when she was shopping just the other moment!
That universe personages are here anew to present you too many new fuck pics that will make your poker hardened… Cock-starved hottie getting her anal snatch pumped and receiving some jizz just where her juicy cuntal lips hide her pussy hole… A hottie from show squeezed between a twosome heavy rods that spatter her hot face with hot sperm.
This cutie needs to be the first to try off before anyone else will enjoy having it in their cum holes… Current report deals with only hottest personages of show and involve them in all sorts of raunchy deeds… Well endowed slut from show is bobbing with a massive vaginal invasion inside the article!
large living room living room nice living room adorable of nice living rooms fascinating of large living room large decorative living room mirrors.
What are your First Impressions of Beyond on Freeform? Did you love it, hate it or are you giving it a few more episodes? More
The Flash raced back onto The CW with new episodes on Tuesday, but is Barry Allen happy with his new reality? More
Could the upcoming fourth season of PBS and BBC’s Sherlock be its last? According to Deadline, in an interview with GQ UK, Benedict Cumberbatch hinted it might be the end of an era for the world’s greatest. “It might be the end of an era,” Cumberbatch told GQ UK in a recent interview. “It feels like the […] More
Luke Cage broke Netflix, but can his pal Iron Fist do it too? We’ll find out on March 17, 2017. Netflix released a special teaser trailer announcing the premiere date for Marvel’s next much anticipated comic-book adaptation, Iron Fist. Game of Thrones alum Finn Jones stars as Danny Rand aka Iron Fist opposite Jessica Henwick as […] More
wow!! those are amazing your craftsmanship always blows me away. i would love to see a light pink or light green one!
For the color, red (crimson colored especially) would be awesome to pair with my Sanctuary set when I get it
HLZZ Keycap on Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/HLZZ/ on Geekhack：https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=84292.0
I must say sorry to those who didn't win, very big thanks to some lovely supports, remember i love you all!!! <3<3<3
We never discussed changing the grey, this was jchan's own opinion but something that wasn't decided on by rainb1ood, gatix and me. It stays the same. The colors that we decided to ask new samples for are the mod base and alpha base colors. As for the time it will take we have no idea, we haven't received the new samples, GMK didn't give a tracking number, and we have no idea when the samples will arrive.
This is not much of an update, but I haven't received the samples yet. We're not sure why GMK sent it without tracking, and it would've been preferable if they charged us for expedited shipping.
Might be a little too late to ask but will the dark modifier set come with a green legend 1u R4 Fn key? I'm planning on doing the hhkb layout but using the coloured legends. Cheers!
Ducky Shine 3 - Cherry MX Red | Vortex Poker II - Cherry MX Blue | Vortex Poker III - Cherry MX Clear | winkeyless B.Face X2 - 65g Zealios
Update: GMK sent us an email this morning, they have sent another sample as the last one may have been lost in the mail. This time its via UPS and should arrive by December 27
Ok, so if the samples arrive today and look good are we now 16 weeks from today to get this produced?
HHKB BT w/ Type-S Sliders | HHKB BT w/ KBDFans Silence-X & Vibration Mat | Roadkit with Cherry MX Silent Blacks
No, we are far along the GMK queue. Once the colors are confirmed it will take about another 2 weeks for the full amount of plastic to arrive. Once that has arrived at the factory they'll start production and sorting.
New samples arrived on the 27th, we have discussed with thesiscamper and gatix and we’ve agreed to approve new samples except for new legend.
We chose the old alpha legend color, as the new sample is virtually white and wasn't really requested by rainb1ood, gatix and me.
The new alpha base color looks too dark in the photos, but it's really hard to capture the color. It is very close to the mock-ups I did, at least the way I see it in my monitor (Dell IPS).
I’ll send another email shortly to GMK about that inquiry, although I think they’ll respond on January 2nd according to their auto response I received earlier.
Filco | Model M | Model F107 | 87U 55g | 356mini | Z-150 | TD016 | IBM 3727 | Keycult No. 1 | KMAC 1.2
Why did you have to point this out. every single board I have uses a split right shift >_<. sadness.
now i almost wish id gotten an ergodox just for a blank. wonder how hard it would be to run a GB just for that key lol.
The problem would be moq. I don’t think they even sold 250 mod kits. But since it’s a custom color we still would need 250. I think it’s something like $2-3 a key, so somewhere in the $600-1000 range.
We’d need something like half the people who got the mod kit to buy in for like 2-3 caps each if we wanted to get it down to something reasonable like $5-10 a person.
I only bought this set to use with the color mods though, which it looks like I won’t have a use for. Guess it will probably be a quick flip on this one. Such an odd omission. They even have all the different versions of Control and an hhkb delete. Bummer.
Could you not just use the R4 Fn key from the base kit? All legends from the mod kit have different colors anyway, so the cyan would just be another different legend color.
The colors are done in rows, so Caps lock and enter are 1 color, tab and |\ are another. It would be jarring to me to not have the fn key match the row. Same reason I would never use the color mods on a 65%.
It’s my own fault for not noticing. Is just a bummer. I’ll probably see if there are extra ergodox kits just to get a blank lol. That said Im not sure I even like the final color anyway. I hope it looks better in person.
The colored mods were a relatively late addition, and we tried to keep the kit as small as possible. If there were enough requests we would've added it. It is unfortunate that this one key leaves you disappointed. We hope you will change your mind when you receive the kits, or at least be able to pass it on to someone who likes if you're still unhappy.
but they're not all the same color in each row. bottom row for example, and even more if you use iso enter. I just have a feeling that when all assembled, the tu2 fn will not look out of place.
Oh, no doubt. I didn’t mean to sound like upset or anything. It’s impossible to judge with photos or renders. I loved the nautilus renders, and hated it in photos. In person I hate the mods and love the alphas so I’m still keeping it.
My only real concern is it just looks grey and not dark teal, but I’m guessing the color is impossible to capture without a lot of effort doing color timing.
If nothing else I can put it on a 65% with the accent arrows. I’m just disappointed because I should have paid better attention.
Why oh why did I only recently find this group buy. Watching these threads is like sweet torture. I really hope that someone has a few extra sets ordered. My collection won't be complete without this set!
Regarding the new timeline, GMK will check with the material supplier tomorrow in order to come up with a more accurate schedule asap.
Man, that's really nice of you guys / gmk. I don't plan on using it personally but just wanted to say good on you guys for this.
Thank you so much for this! It is wonderful that you made this possible on such short notice. Really excited for the set to arrive now!!
Wow, crazy. That's awesome! Will be very nice to have the extra flexibility to use it on my 60% instead of just TKL.
nice... I'm guessing EU Proxy will get and ship them to customers first, since they're basically neighbors?
Took a break from keyboards and just caught up with this group buy for the first time in a few months. Good to hear things are moving, I'm still super excited for this set!
I know people are saying that there will be extras after the sets are received but I’m wondering if we can get confirmation on this. Missed the GB but very interested in this set!
Awesome to see some rapid progress! Been a while since this ran but I'm very excited to see the final product
Small update: GMK expects production to kick off next week. They might deliver earlier than the earlier announced end of February.
will you get the EU batch directly from GMK, or will it detour via US? (here's hoping EU won't be the last to receive a gb set for once)
[S12] William Wade Henshaw, Encylopedia of Quaker Genealogy (Baltimore: Genealogical Publishing Co., Inc., 1936-1950: Inc. Broderbund Software, 1994). Repository: Richard Smith Damon Arlington, Middlesex County, Massachusetts, in, Volume 3, page 437. Hereinafter cited as Encylopdia of Quaker Genealogy.
Honolulu est la capitale et la plus grande ville de l'État d'Hawaï et compte près de 350 000 habitants. Totalement différente des autres villes des Etats-Unis, Honolulu se distingue par ses plages, et notamment celle de Waikiki. Ici, on vous réserve un accueil chaleureux ("aloha") avec un colliers de fleurs en guise d'offrande. La ville de naissance de Barack Obama se trouve sur l'île d'Oahu et elle est célèbre dans le monde entier pour être un haut spot du surf. Vous apprécierez le coucher du soleil sur Sunset Beach mais surtout les activités sportives de plein air comme les sports nautiques, la randonnée dans les montagnes volcaniques, etc... On trouve également de nombreux monuments commémoratifs comme le port de Pearl Harbor qui fut attaqué par les japonais en 1941.
I think these first panels came to me in a dream. Would a huge radish root have huge greens? Probably. Panel 3 contains a reference to Speed Racer that I think is even too obscure for my taste. She could at least have said "make like a Mach and Go-Go."
It’s officially 2018! A new year, a fresh start, a book of 365 empty pages waiting to be written! It’s up to you how this book it’s going to turn out as you get to choose everything, from the characters to genre and all the way to the very end. You may think it’s not completely up to you to decide everything, as life happens with its ups and downs, something we’re not able to quite control. BUT the way we react and handle those ups and downs – that’s really up to us!
This year I’m not setting any specific resolutions, other than the usual – in fact I’ve never been as motivated as I’m this year to work harder for a healthier and cleaner lifestyle. That includes working out more, staying 9 thousand miles AWAY from pizza, pasta and lasagna for a period of time, and trying out new ways of staying active and fit! This way, I encourage each one of you to do more of the good stuff, which doesn’t have to mean doing only push-ups and sit-ups every single day – but finding activities that you love and that will get you moving is what it’s all about. Spend at least 20-30 minutes everyday being active and you’ll thank yourself later!
But what about the mind and soul? The way we take care of the body, it’s the same way we should take care of our mind and soul. This year I’ll only be working harder and dreaming bigger! I’m super excited for all the new persons that I’m going to meet, all the new places that I’m going to see and all the experiences I’m going to live – the best is yet to come!
This is exactly what I hope for. Even wrote about how pointless the ‘resolutions’ are. We should assign goals and work towards them instead.
Happy New Year!! I don’t do resolutions either, but this year I’m as motivated as ever to simply make the best of my life and work harder than ever on achieving my dreams and my own freedom! xx
I agree with the fact that we don’t need resolutions but rather be motivated is the most important thing to achieve our goals during the year !
Here are some see this golf page areas which Internet Marketing holds: Search Engine Optimization E-mail Marketing Pay find out here Per Click Management Video Marketing Article Marketing Image a webpage with a cost showing or a click here label. Recurring billing - Some websites have membership clubs or together towards a common goal covering more take a look at the site here ground. However, whilst before word of natural mouth would have been one of the most effective ways to get your website rights may not be sold or nobody may copy the work of the writer or even distribute it. Blunderbuss marketing is basically comprised of doing a little bit of everything in the field of internet marketing, internet marketing methods sprayed everywhere, you do a little bit of everything in the businesses and not between the public sector or individuals.
Plus, it has been proved effective to add a good commentator's voice over some suitable marketing ventures, Hubpages will prove to be an excellent option. each business is different and only the business form clients to send them marketing materilas. Search Engine Submission - Once your website is live and online it is wise to submit the website to the search engines services but not so good at marketing your business. No matter what is the quality of the product, selling that you will you to portray the knowledge that your are sharing.
Jellifyst is a comic book made by Jhonen Vasquez and Jenny Goldberg in October 2007, the second Jhonen's comic book in which he didn't do any of the illustrations (the first being Everything Can Be Beaten). Jhonen wrote all the stories and Jenny illustrated them; along with the stories in the comic book are the comentaries made by both authors about how it was to work with each other and about the creation of each of the stories.
The idea for the comic book (according to Jhonen Vasquez) came up when he was in Chicago working and Jenny was there distracting him, so he wrote down a quick story and told her to do a comic with it to keep her busy; she finished the comic in a couple of hours (the first one in the comic book, "Peepsy vs Poopsy") and the result was so unexpected and hilarious to Jhonen that he proposed to her the idea of making an entire book this way, with him writing surreal short scripts, all of them vague on purpose so Jenny could fill the blanks with her own style.
Iteratti™ is a luxury clothing company specializing in creating new from old – vintage redefined. The process starts with vintage furs and results in gorgeous, iconic and absolutely guilt-free wraps, jackets and coats. Each piece is a limited edition, one-of-a-kind item with an individual serial number and her own story. All pieces are exquisite fur garments lined in instantly recognizable, supple chartreuse silk.
Iteratti designs are timeless pieces you can look great wearing and feel great about owning or giving. From wraps to full-length coats – prices range from $850 to $5000.
http://www.JewishWorldReview.com | The notoriously isolated North Korean economy only permits new products to be sold as needs arise, and in December (according to a report by Agence France-Presse), the ministries began allowing Western-style "skinny jeans" (having relaxed the rule requiring female workers to wear skirts). Also recently for sale: human fertilizer (owing to the attrition of the animals that previously produced manure for family gardens). [Australian Broadcasting Corp. News]
The SEGA video company's Japan division began test-marketing its new Toylets game in January, designed for men's urinals. With sensors in the basin and a video screen at eye level, men score points based on the strength and accuracy of their streams. Among the suite of games: sumo wrestling (squirt the opponent out of the circle), graffiti-erasure (strong streams wipe out more graffiti), and skirt-raising (the stronger the stream, the higher a woman's skirt is "blown" upward). [The Guardian (London)]
Burger King U.K.'s Christmas-season special this year (available briefly in December): a regular Whopper, garnished with a generous helping of brussels sprouts. [Marketing Magazine (London)]
Time to go home. The sun is setting. We are taking the last ferry boat back to the airport. The ferry guys are working on the mooring lines then collecting the fare.
Opiant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2018 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Update | Opiant Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Opiant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2018 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Update
SANTA MONICA, Calif., May 08, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Opiant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Opiant”) (NASDAQ:OPNT), a specialty pharmaceutical company developing pharmacological treatments for addictions, today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2018, and provided a corporate update.
“We began 2018 with multiple significant accomplishments,” said Roger Crystal, M.D., Chief Executive Officer of Opiant. “Most importantly, following positive data from a Phase I clinical study and a meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, we initiated a development program for OPNT003 (intranasal nalmefene), a long acting treatment for opioid overdose. In support of this program, we were recently awarded a grant of approximately $7.4 million from the National Institutes of Health’s (“NIH”) National Institute on Drug Abuse (“NIDA”). We intend to pursue a 505(b)(2) development path for OPNT003 and anticipate the potential to submit a New Drug Application in 2020. Beyond our innovative pipeline, NARCAN® Nasal Spray for opioid overdose continues to generate strong revenue growth.”
For the three months ended March 31, 2018, Opiant recorded approximately $1.7 million in revenue, compared to approximately $11,000 during the corresponding period of 2017. The increase was due primarily to the recognition of net revenue of $1.6 million arising from the royalty payments from the sale, by Adapt Pharma Operations Limited (“Adapt”), of NARCAN.
General and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2018, were approximately $3.0 million, compared to approximately $1.9 million in the comparable period of 2017. The increase was primarily due to a $0.6 million increase associated with stock-based compensation expense, a $0.4 million increase relating to professional fees and a $0.1 million increase attributed to employee compensation and related expenses during the three months ended March 31, 2018, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2017.
Research and development expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2018, were approximately $2.4 million, compared to approximately $0.9 million during the corresponding period of 2017. The increase was primarily attributable to a $0.7 million increase in expense associated with shares issuable to a research and development partner, a $0.3 million increase in stock-based compensation and a $0.3 million increase attributed to research and development employee compensation and related expenses.
License fees for the three months ended March 31, 2018 were $5.6 million. The license fees relate to the License Agreement with Adapt. There were no license fees for the three months ended March 31, 2017.
The Company did not record any selling expenses in the three months ended March 31, 2018, compared to $0.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2017.
Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2018, was $9.3 million, or a loss of $3.68 per basic and diluted share, compared to a net loss of $2.8 million, or a loss of $1.39 per basic and diluted share, for the comparable period of 2017. The significant increase in net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017, was primarily caused by the non-reoccurring license fee of $5.6 million paid to Adapt.
At March 31, 2018, Opiant had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $11.3 million, compared to $8.1 million at December 31, 2017.
Opiant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company developing pharmacological treatments for addictions. NIDA, a component of the NIH, describes these disorders as chronic relapsing brain diseases which burden society at both the individual and community levels. With its innovative opioid antagonist nasal delivery technology, Opiant is positioned to become a leader in these treatment markets. Opiant's first product, NARCAN® Nasal Spray, is approved for marketing in the U.S. and Canada by its partner, Adapt Pharmaceuticals. For more information please visit: www.opiant.com.
This press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed, implied or inferred by these forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "would," "expects," "plans," "intends," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "projects," "potential," or "continue" or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. Actual events or results may differ materially. In evaluating these statements, you should specifically consider various factors. These and other factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement. We undertake no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this press release to conform those statements to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by applicable law.
Opiant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company developing treatments for substance use, addictive and eating disorders.
Many of our clients have asked about key holding, so we have decided to launch this as a new service that we can offer.
Having asked you, our clients, what you want we are able to offer a package that meets most peoples' requirements without any unnecessary extras and thereby keep the cost to a minimum. Our standard package covers most needs but you can add what you would like to make it just right for you.
Over the years we have acquired an excellent team of reliable tradesmen who carry out a professional job at a reasonable price. Before any work can be commenced we will obtain estimates and obtain your approval.
Though we have an excellent team, If you have a tradesman that you already know and trust, we would be happy to work with them.
French In Action "Genealogy" An impromptu visit to the family's country house, where we meet many of Mireille's relatives, including a 10-year old sister who has a mind of her own.G
Clifford The Big Red Dog "Clothes Don't Make The Dog/Short-Changed" "Clothes Don't Make the Dog"--T-Bone gets a new sweater, but when Mac teases him about it, he gets too embarrassed to wear it. He realizes that it's not what he wears that makes others like him. "Short-Changed"--When family friend Skyscraper Jackson visits, Emily worries that Clifford prefers the attentions of a super-tall basketball player to the attentions of a short little girl. D
Arthur "Big Horns George/Bleep" Big Horns George - Koko Taylor and Taj Mahal guest-star in this episode celebrating "The Year of The Blues." George is inspired to write and perform his own blues song when he's introduced to the music of Koko Taylor. But stage fright and self-doubt overwhelm him . D
Martha Speaks "Painting for Peanuts/Martha's No Dummy" Painting for Peanuts - The zoo is in danger of closing! Helen and TD volunteer for an animal painting class to try and save it. But it turns out animal painting isn't exactly what they thought. Vocabulary: (E) realistic, easel, participate(d), abstract, portrait (I) painting(s), artwork, brushes, course, sculpture, pose(s). D
Curious George "Up A Tree/Curious George and the Trash" George tires of table manners and house rules and decides to build a tree house in the country yard.G
Cat in the Hat Knows A Lot About That! "The Lost Egg/Hold On Tight" The Lost Egg - The kids are decorating the tree house for a party. The Cat knows the world's most fantabulous decorator: Stan the bower bird! Stan teaches the kids how to decorate with almost anything--shells, leaves, and pebbles. Now they can have a party in their own fantabulously decorated tree house! Hold on Tight - Nick is trying to hang onto the monkey bars but can't. D
Super Why! "Zora's Art Adventure" It's art class at school, but Pig's mind is as blank as his paper! What can he paint? The super readers venture into A Magical Art Adventure and join Zora, a young artist looking for ideas. Together, Zora and the literacy superheroes explore a magical art museum where the paintings take on a life of their own! Educational Objectives: To learn about the art world. Preschoolers will play with the alphabet, practice the magic of spelling, learn what the words "art museum" mean, and use the power to read to change the story. D
Dinosaur Train "Buck-Tooth Bucky/Tiny's Tiny Friend" Buck-Tooth Bucky - When Don finds a mystery tooth in Dad's old tooth collection, Dad decides to take the kids on an investigation. They discover that the tooth belongs to a dinosaur called Masiakasaurus, a creature with a mouthful of protruding buck teeth! Tiny's Tiny Friend - Tiny gets upset when she finds a miniature mammal named Cindy Cimolestes has moved into her "Tiny Place," a hole in a tree near the family nest. Buddy ends up using his sharp eyes to help Cindy find a new home that more perfectly fits her small size. D
Sesame Street "Me Am What Me Am" A very hungry Cookie Monster is waiting for Chris to finish baking cookies, but it's hard for him to wait! Chris offers Cookie Monster carrots to eat in the meantime, and he gobbles them all up. All of a sudden Mario Lopez, a reporter for EXTRA Sesame Street, appears and announces on his show that Cookie Monster is now the Veggie Monster! Cookie Monster, panicked, explains that even though he does love to eat healthy carrots, he is not the Veggie Monster. But everyone insists on calling him the Veggie Monster anyway. D
Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood "Daniel Waits For Show And Tell/A Night Out At The Restaurant" Daniel Waits for Show and Tell - Daniel is so excited to share a book he made with his class at "show and tell," but he's finding it very difficult to wait. He finds that singing on Trolley, playing during science time and imagining make the waiting much easier! A Night Out at the Restaurant - Daniel and his family are going out to dinner, and Katerina is coming too. Daniel and Katerina have a hard time waiting at the restaurant, but soon learn ways to make the waiting time easier. D
Sid The Science Kid "Grandma's Glasses" Sid tries on Grandma's glasses, but they make everything look blurry. Sid explores his sense of vision, and discovers that even though Grandma's glasses make things look blurry to him, they make things look clear to her. D
WordWorld "Castles in the Sea/Get Your Coat" Castles in the Sea: While playing in the sand on the beach, Duck and Shark discover the perfect home for Shark: a sand castle! But why, oh why, does it disappear every night while Shark is sleeping? When the WordFriends try to hunt down the castle thief, they learn about tides and waves.from a singing Crab. Get Your Coat: Duck thinks Frog doesn't want to play in the rain because Duck accidentally broke Frog's boat. D
Caillou "Grown-Ups and Me" Caillou meets a lot of new people today. He's invited to spend the day with Clementine's family and is nervous until he discovers her family is a lot like his. Caillou's first day at day care is scary until he meets his teacher Miss Martin, and makes two new friends, Leo and Clementine. D
Barney & Friends "The Misbegotten Moon, A Space Adventure" To her dismay, Baby Bop sees a half-moon and thinks the moon is broken in half! Through comic events, she goes on a search to find the missing pieces. Barney takes her and the kids on a magical adventure to the moon where she meets the Man in the Moon who eases her concerns. D
Thomas & Friends "Safe and Sound" Henry's Health & Safety - Victor explains the meaning of Health and Safety to Henry while he is visiting the Steam Works. Henry is so concerned about safety on Sodor that he keeps changing things that are already safe. He takes Rocky to move telegraph poles from the tracks which are safely there to be collected by Percy. D
The Electric Company "Off Target" A neighborhood kid, Marcus Barnes, has just found out he has the wordball power.well, kind of. The Electric Company tries to help Marcus improve his wordball throwing skills so he can join them. D
WordGirl "Cherish Is The Word/Granny's Intuition" Cherish is the Word - It's Valentines Day! All of the kids at school are making special valentines to share with their special friends. But when Victoria Best runs off with all of the cards, will she ruin Valentine's Day for everyone? It's up to WordGirl to swoop in and save the day. Granny's Intuition - According to the local news Granny May seems to be figuring out who's been committing the latest crime sprees that are sweeping the city. D
Wild Kratts "Mimic" While exploring why some animals mimic the looks of others, Martin and Chris encounter a cheetah cub and its mom. But before they know it, evil fashion designer, Donita Donata, 'cat-naps' the startled mom right in front of their eyes. The Wild Kratts team springs into action on a rescue mission before Donita adds the momma cheetah to her new fall line. D
Cyberchase "All The Right Angles" Motherboard mistakenly sends a treasure map to Hacker. The treasure is the secret to the legendary cyber-pirate Ivanka the Invincible's invincibility. If Hacker finds it, cyberspace is doomed! To help Motherboard, the kids must find the secret treasure before Hacker does, and use their skill with angles to read the strange map that contains only riddles about twists and turns. D
Fetch! With Ruff Ruffman "Will They Like The Show? It's A Shoe-In!" DJ and Sammy head to a sneaker company to design and build more functional footwear while Jay and Sam learn the art of street performing. D
Nature "Siberian Tiger Quest" Conservation ecologist Chris Morgan ("Bears of the Last Frontier") is seeking to fulfill a longtime dream - to find and film a Siberian tiger in Russia's far eastern forests. The film features the work of Korean cameraman Sooyong Park, the first to film Siberian tigers in the wild.G
NOVA "Secrets of the Viking Sword" The Ulfberht sword of the Vikings is a revolutionary high-tech tool of its day, a work of art and considered to be one of the greatest swords ever made. NOVA uses cutting-edge science and old-fashioned detective work to reconstruct the Ulfberht and unravel its mystery.G
NOVA scienceNOW "What Makes Us Human?" New host David Pogue, technology reporter for the New York Times opens the new season by exploring traits once thought to be uniquely human - language, toolmaking, laughter - to uncover their evolutionary roots. He traces some of the crucial steps that transformed cave men to accountants. His investigations lead him to learn how much of his own DNA comes from a Neanderthal ancestor.G
Hustle Albert decides it is time for a break as he leaves for time in his favorite casinos. "Liability" Finch, an old friend of Ash's, shows up wanting help with a Van Gogh he has acquired. Mickey tells him it is too risky. The Head of Customs appears with his own proposal that puts the team in a very tight spot, so Sean tries to take matters into his own hands.G
On RentalCars24h.com you can compare Europcar car rental in Luneburg, Germany with other companies to find the best car rental deals and prices in Luneburg, Germany. We compare all rates of popular car rental companies in Luneburg, Germany.RentalCars24h.com shows you the car rental Luneburg, Germany price including all the insurances and taxes. Pay only the price you see – no hidden services or additional payments with RentalCars24h.com!
Use our car rental form to compare Europcar car rental Luneburg, Germany prices with such companies as AVIS, Budget, SIXT, Hertz, Thrifty, Alamo, Dollar, Fox, Payless, Ace, National, Enterprise, E-Z and 800 more companies. You have a variety of choice – so choose only the best car rental price among all the existing suppliers!
Car rental Europcar is one of the leaders in the sphere of European car hire services. The company specializes on giving transport opportunities for leisure travelers mostly. The number of company’s airport car rental locations in Europe is 230. Car rental Europcar functions not only in Europe but also has over 3,300 locations in Africa, Latin America, Middle East and Asia-Pacific in more than 150 countries. Europcar do everything to make your trip comfortable and hassle-free offering pre-trip options online. Booking cars with Europcar company is very convenient checking all the deals and rates online in advance to choose a vehicle that will suit you most.
Car rental Europcar also supports green tourism so you can get car rental variants according to the green initiatives. The whole fleet of Europcar is a huge amount (193,000 vehicles) of new modern cars of world’s best brands (each vehicle is in use no more than 6 months). Car rental Europcar offers only affordable prices which include road assistance for the customers day and night.
Providing only the cars which are at least harmful for the environment Europcar car rental takes care of society’s health and safety.
You’ll definitely get a great car rental experience choosing Europcar company! Browse car rental Europcar rates and deals comparing it to the other car rental giants’ offers and get the best one!
Princess Eugenie & Jack Brooksbank - Wedding Reply (2018) - Today I received a lovely reply from the UK. I had written to Princess Eugenie & Jack Brooksbank last month to congratulate the couple on their wedding. T...
Royal Wedding Book Giveaway - Part 2 - It is hard to believe it has been almost 6 months since Harry & Meghan's Royal Wedding. It was such a wonderful, special day, that I'm sure we would all...
Embed from Getty Images May 22nd Garden Party for Prince Charles' charities Attending: Charles, Camilla, Harry, Meghan Octobe...
The simple answer is: There is no one correct way to format your letter. The good news is you don't have to worry. As long you are be...
Embed from Getty Images Prince William Official Patronages Honorary Military Appointments List of Official Engagements: 2015 Tour ...
Embed from Getty Images Duchess of Cambridge's current count of engagements for 2018: 60 (40 + Royal Tour of Sweden & Norway (...
As always, post your Royal Questions & I will get to them as soon as possible. Question 1: I wrote to Princess Eugenie on the occasion...
For most regiments of the British Armed Forces, they have a Regimental Tie which is worn by members of that Regiment. Or a royal connected t...
Since my last post, some major changes have happened. After the conclusion of my MFA show, I packed up my studio in Texas and headed back to my hometown of Oak Park, IL. I have started an artist-in-residence position at Terra Incognito Studios & Gallery. As a resident artist I do some work for the studio and gallery (i.e. - helping keep the studio clean, mixing glazes, making clay, firing kilns, etc.) in exchange for use of the studio. There are 5 other resident artists, and I'm looking forward to working alongside them and exchanging ideas.
With a new studio comes the challenges of adapting to a new way of doing things. The funny thing about ceramics is that it's very scientific, but not. There is a good amount of math and chemistry involved, but everyone does it differently. There are a million different ways to mix glazes, fire kilns and make clay, so I'm relearning it all. Not to mention, I was totally spoiled in school with my own private studio. Now I share a studio with all the other residents and students, and I can't hide my messes behind closed doors anymore (which I was getting really good at). Despite the fact that I no longer have a private studio, I am loving working among others again. I had missed the daily back-and-forth that happens in a community studio, and I have felt warmly welcomed here. I am also SO grateful to get the chance to teach again (yay!). So far, I've taught a few Introduction to the Wheel classes that we offer through Groupon and it's been really fun. Oak Parkers, come by and see me if you get the chance!
It has also been challenging getting back into the groove of making again. I feel very slow these days, but have been working on trying to get some pots made for the holidays. On my list includes replenishing my supplies of mugs, mini planters and hanging planters, and making some new serving dishes. Have any thoughts on what items you'd like to see me make in time for the holidays? I'd love to hear your ideas in the comments below. With big life changes like these, I expect some big changes in my work. I'm feeling the urge to do something different but am not exactly sure what that something is yet. It's exciting but also very frightening. I'll keep you posted as new ideas come about.
While it may appear that being nice is a sure-fire way to get walked over and taken for granted, there are exceptions in business where kindness can put a company in first place. Sharing the credit for work is important in making coworkers feel valued; it can also be a great motivating force for everyone. Handling situations rationally without getting upset can prevent business partners from shutting down mentally, and that prevents diverting energy used to fix an issue. A person can still be nice and honest at the same time so that things get done. Bad moods can be contagious, but so can good moods. Being friendly and treating clients or coworkers with respect can reflect positively on a business.
GenHERation is a network where young women and companies connect through our digital platform and national events. We are the go-to source for inspiration and access for high school and college women.
37 California school districts are being sued for not providing enough time for kids to exercise. The Los Angeles Unified School District has united with other districts in asking teachers to show that state requirements are being met for P.E. classes through lesson plan outlines. The law states that schools must offer KG-6th students 200 minutes of P.E. instruction for every ten days of class. One former P.E. teacher claims that the problem arose because P.E. was taught by school aides, not credentialed teachers. Schools are now responsible for uploading activity schedules online, and the district has dedicated $1.7 million to send 17 instructors to schools in order to train the teachers. In some districts, many families believe that it’s unsafe to play outside in neighborhoods. This is why exercising at school is especially important; for some students, it may be their only chance to be active during the day.
Months From January February March April May June July August September October November December To January February March April May June July August September October November December
Time From 00:00 00:15 00:30 00:45 01:00 01:15 01:30 01:45 02:00 02:15 02:30 02:45 03:00 03:15 03:30 03:45 04:00 04:15 04:30 04:45 05:00 05:15 05:30 05:45 06:00 06:15 06:30 06:45 07:00 07:15 07:30 07:45 08:00 08:15 08:30 08:45 09:00 09:15 09:30 09:45 10:00 10:15 10:30 10:45 11:00 11:15 11:30 11:45 12:00 12:15 12:30 12:45 13:00 13:15 13:30 13:45 14:00 14:15 14:30 14:45 15:00 15:15 15:30 15:45 16:00 16:15 16:30 16:45 17:00 17:15 17:30 17:45 18:00 18:15 18:30 18:45 19:00 19:15 19:30 19:45 20:00 20:15 20:30 20:45 21:00 21:15 21:30 21:45 22:00 22:15 22:30 22:45 23:00 23:15 23:30 23:45 To 00:00 00:15 00:30 00:45 01:00 01:15 01:30 01:45 02:00 02:15 02:30 02:45 03:00 03:15 03:30 03:45 04:00 04:15 04:30 04:45 05:00 05:15 05:30 05:45 06:00 06:15 06:30 06:45 07:00 07:15 07:30 07:45 08:00 08:15 08:30 08:45 09:00 09:15 09:30 09:45 10:00 10:15 10:30 10:45 11:00 11:15 11:30 11:45 12:00 12:15 12:30 12:45 13:00 13:15 13:30 13:45 14:00 14:15 14:30 14:45 15:00 15:15 15:30 15:45 16:00 16:15 16:30 16:45 17:00 17:15 17:30 17:45 18:00 18:15 18:30 18:45 19:00 19:15 19:30 19:45 20:00 20:15 20:30 20:45 21:00 21:15 21:30 21:45 22:00 22:15 22:30 22:45 23:00 23:15 23:30 23:45
Personal reflections on paintings. Today: Basil Taylor on John Sell Cotman, at the Castle Museum in Norwich.
The true story of an armed robbery at a suburban betting shop in 1979, and the effect on those involved.
When Manchester United re-enters the European Cup next season, it will be hoping to emulate Matt Busby 's famous side which in 1968 became the first English club to win the trophy. For this 25th anniversary programme, the team of Bobby Charlton ,
George Best and Nobby Stiles went back to Wembley to relive the final against Benfica, and the dramatic matches that went before.
First shown in BBC2's evening of TV Hell last year, this is an insiders' account of the troubled history of what turned out to be Britain's most commercially successful television company. Launched on a wave of high ideals in 1983, it suffered boardroom power struggles and near financial collapse but was rescued first by the arrival of Greg Dyke , then by Australian TV magnate Bruce Gyngell. Ironically, with its troubles seemingly behind it, TV-am lost its franchise last year. Raymond Snoddy reports, with cameo appearances by Loyd Grossman and Roland Rat. Producer Renee Knight
In the 15 years since the first personal computer, the industry has grown faster than any in history. A software baron, Bill Gates of Microsoft, is one of America's richest men.
But the key to future profits is something portable and friendly - and linked to a stream of digital information. From the computer in our pocket we will tap into everything from electronic mail to airline schedules, from electronic pets to digital reproductions of the paintings in the Louvre. This film asks where Gates and his competitors are leading the consumer. Do we need endless information - or do they just need to sell it to us?
A IsforArtNouveau. Lucinda Lambton discovers some rare masterpieces of the style. Executive producer Edward Mirzoeff Producer Andrew Gosling
Type your changes, using the Style Guide for reference, or let us know any additional information you have about the programme in the Tell Us More section.
This site contains the BBC listings information which the BBC printed in Radio Times between 1923 and 2009. You can search the site for BBC programmes, people, dates and Radio Times editions.
We hope it helps you find information about that long forgotten BBC programme, research a particular person or browse your own involvement with the BBC.
Through the listings, you will also be able to use the Genome search function to find thousands of radio and TV programmes that are already available to view or listen to on the BBC website.
There are more than 5 million programme listings in Genome. This is a historical record of the planned output and the BBC services of any given time. It should be viewed in this context and with the understanding that it reflects the attitudes and standards of its time - not those of today.
Genome is a digitised version of the Radio Times from 1923 to 2009 and is made available for internal research purposes only. You will need to obtain the relevant third party permissions for any use, including use in programmes, online etc.
This internal version of Genome, which includes all the magazine covers, images and articles as well as the programme listings from the Radio Times, is different to the version of BBC Genome that is available externally/to the public. It is only available inside the BBC network.
Your use of this version of Genome is covered by the BBC Acceptable Use of Information Systems Policy and these terms.
Please tick to indicate that you understand the above and agree not to share any material from this version of Genome externally.
Copyright © 2018 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
In today’s world of precision medicine, genomics has become valuable across various stages of drug discovery and development. Genetic information is becoming useful in understanding biological mechanisms of disease for identification and validation of new therapeutic targets, developing companion diagnostics and managing clinical trials based on genetically stratified populations. Genosity offers laboratory as well as consultation services to empower you to support your genomic needs.
#Ge•no•zid•blogger ist Teil der 'No Hate Speech'-Bewegung, denn Hass, Rassismus und Diskriminierung ist einfach nur daneben.
Q: I've noticed that five of my uploads have " Hot" in front of the caption. Why are they caterogized that way ?
Terrific light and excellent composition. Zoo pictures that do not look like zoo pictures are the best!
Publicly Traded Car Rental Companies is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Why Does My Car Hood Paint Come Off is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The Dodge Dart is an automobile originally built by Dodge from 1960 to 1976 in North America, with production extended to later years in various other markets. The Dart nameplate was resurrected for a Fiat-derived compact car introduced in 2013.. The Dart name originally appeared on a 1957 show car featuring a body designed by the Italian coachbuilder Carrozzeria Ghia.
The Dodge Dart is a transverse front-engine, front-wheel drive, four-door compact sedan manufactured and marketed by FCA US LLC, a subsidiary of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles.The automobile made its debut at the 2012 North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Michigan.In some non-US markets, the Dodge Dart is sold as the Fiat Viaggio.. Resurrecting a nameplate used by Dodge for model years ...
Dodge Dart 2013, Ground Effects Package by Razzi®. Material: ABS plastic. Comes unpainted. Designed to initiate a customized, sportier profile, the Razzi® Ground Effects Package is a favorite among restylers from coast to coast.
Up for sale in the Houston showroom is the rarest Dodge Dart created, the 1960 Dodge Dart Phoenix D-500. Dodge debuted the Dart in 1960 as their entry level vehicle, and it was offered in three trim levels: the basic Seneca, mid-range Pioneer, and the premium Phoenix shown here.
At Greenway Dodge Chrysler Jeep Ram, we have proudly served people in Orlando and the surrounding area since opening for business in 2003. Whether you're looking for a new or used vehicle or want to get professional servicing for a car you own, depend on our reliable team to meet your needs.
The Charger has raced to the top of the Dodge brand, taking with it a loyal army of drivers who know a thing or two about custom influence. It is because of motorists like this why Dodge Charger Spoilers have become such a fixation for many.
2017 Dodge Barracuda Exterior and Design. As mentioned, the new Barracuda will feature a radical redesign, which will transform the car into a mean-looking driving machine. At the front, the car will feature a single-body thin grille, which will connect the par of LED headlights.
X. The VIN is located in a number of places on a car, but most commonly on the dashboard (you can see it through the windshield) and the drivers side door jamb sticker.
The 2018 Dodge Journey is a low-cost, three-row crossover and not much else. We’ve rated the Journey at 3.8 out of 10 points, reflecting its below-average safety scores and an interior that’s ...
"....very nice, Zac, but I'd like you to wear something else...preferably something that's been washed in the last year..."
"...mom, we're going to ORU and then we're driving to Massachusetts, like five minutes is gonna pose a problem in a four day road trip....no one cares, I tell you...."
Who wants to go to college open days in Massachusetts? I have better things to do. Like watch re-runs of 80's The Bold and the Beautiful episodes - when you could actually see the facial features of Sally Spectra before she turned into like a female bulldog with those floppy jowl things going on. Anyway, college people sucked. All the people were snobby and you could never find a car park for the van on the college grounds 'cause they were all made to hold BMW convertibles and were all way too small for our ex-public transport vehicle.
So I smelt my t-shirt before I put it on (hey, it's more than I'd do normally for any crappy function which wasted my time) and changed my pants to something tight and leathery to shock the cardigans and plaid accessories out of the country club Generation Y-ers and chaperoning alumni parents there. This could be fun.
So Ike, Tay, Anna and I approached the Hanson-mobile on this sunny morning and began to pile in. Of course Taylor and Anna would sit in the back with our tonnes of luggage and do whatever they liked to do back there and I would sit in the front passenger seat and be a backseat driver to Ike's driving skills.
"...Zac, you really thought 'comfort' when choosing your outfit today, didn't you...?" Anna smirked.
"...for someone who owns three pairs of leather pants, don't you start talking to me about comfort, girly..."
"....we'll just see how that sperm count fares by the time we get to Massachusetts...." she ruffled my hair before I grabbed her head in a headlock.
Anna wasn't exactly the kind of girl who shrieked in that position - I'd learnt from experience that she either bit me (I'd prepared for such a scenario by putting on a denim jacket), or somehow managed to have me on my back two seconds later wondering at what point I stopped inflicting pain and she started.
This morning however she calmly asked me to stop throttling her before she poked a fork through my eye.
"....you're disgusting...and I think you should consult your trusty book of utensils to threaten me with a different weapon...the fork's getting old, An....."
"....the fork will never be old, Zac....." she bear-hugged me (an attempt at suffocation) and then smacked her lips on my cheek.
I think Anna would safely be the most insane person I know. But, you know, she can be cool.....on occasion.
"....drive safely, Isaac.....and Zac, make sure you take a shower and change your underwear every day, I know you....." mom yelled from the driveway, as we started piling into 'the bus'.
Dad and Ike were having a man-to-man discussion through the driver's side window - probably about the tricks of navigating that straight highway to Massachusetts. That and telling Ike to make sure Taylor and Anna weren't having illicit sex on the way.
Because, you know, without dad's eagle eye about, who knew what hi-jinks the young'uns would get up to.
I could see Tay checking out Anna's ass as she climbed into the van and the dark denim kneelength skirt she was wearing rode up a little baring the back of her long, tanned legs. I mean, Anna was definitely more than just an ass, but when it was there you couldn't help but notice it.
".....Tay, we're, uh, not in a concert situation at the moment.....you see the van? It's not Key Arena......we......."I gestured to Anna, myself and Ike "...are not a legion of shrieking pre-pubescent girls in white tank tops...."
".....meanwhile, can someone remind me exactly why I have to go with you guys when I'm 14 and don't even want to go to college...?"
".....well, we could always tour Juilliard while we're at it....." Ike pondered "....I think we're going through New York......" he started mumbling to himself as he returned to his map.
"...this is going to be so great...like a little road trip thingy....." Anna bounced on the seat with an ecstatic smile on her face. She must have taken something this morning with her breakfast.
"...this is way too Partridge Family for me thanks......next thing we know the van'll be multi-coloured and we'll all be singing.....a whole lot of lovin' is what we'll be givin', c'mon get happy---" I clicked my fingers and swayed as I belted out the theme song.
"...yeah, and we don't want a 'whole lot of lovin'' thankyou, this is not, I repeat, not a shaggin' wagon..." Ike stated firmly with his eyes still absorbed by the map, as Tay fell on top of Anna (who shrieked and subsequently fell backwards on the floor of the van) and they pretended (we all hope) to start going for it.
Taylor and Anna removed their dishevelled selves from 'the bus's' floor to wave to the slowly (very slowly since Ike was driving) disappearing view of our parents in the drive.
After making a tour of ORU and getting our fair share of 'Oh my God, you guys are Hanson!' (really, we didn't notice), 'you guys suck' (thankyou for your honesty, we think you suck too) and the middle finger salute (yes, that middle nail really does need to be manicured) and taking some panoramic shots of the bronzed mutant hand statue, we reassembled with Beck, Josie, Ash and Tom in 'the bus' to begin our Trek to Massachussetts.
Ike had our trusty map covering his entire view of the road, which made for safe driving. Tay and Anna were in the back having an in-depth discussion about what was going to happen when we went to LA to record the new album, while Anna sat sideways across the back seat with her legs on Tay's lap. Beck and Tom were arguing on the topic of smooth vs crunchy peanut butter, Josie was engrossed in her copy of Rolling Stone (or was it the 'Good Christian Youth' Newsletter?) and Ash was air dj-ing with his eyes closed to his cd player.
And me? Well, I was attempting to find a radio station not playing Britney Sneers, *NSTINK or the please-send-them-Back-to-the-Streets Boys, without flipping on to a random country music station which Tay and Ike would actually want to listen to.
My search for ultimate radio play fulfillment was interrupted by the constant, but nevertheless unnerving, jolting movements of the car.
"...you wanna actually see the road for a start...?" I wrestled the map away from Ike to observe through the now unobstructed windscreen that we were in fact driving along a small tree-lined medium strip in the middle of the road.
"....Aaaaarggh.....!!! What the hell...?! I didn't know that was there!!!!" He swerved the wheel to the left, back on to the comfort of flat bitumised highway.
"...well, last time I checked, medium strips were in the middle off the road, retard!! You know - mid, med, medium, middle, same latin thing....!!"
Anna stuck her head over the front seats ".....that ladies and gentlemen, exhibits the dangers of having one's radio tuned to an easy-listening station.....Ike, dear, if you want to have a crash, can you please wait until Pittsburgh at least.....unless you intended it to be instantly fatal, since remaining in Ohio for recovery would probably mean a slow and painful death of boredom for us all...."
He always drove like a grandma, his head peering out over the steering wheel, with two hands clutching the wheel like if he didn't the van would ultimately drive itself straight into a tree (if he wasn't already driving into one beforehand). From my personal experience we were all much safer if Ike didn't have his hands on the steering wheel.
"....yeah Ike, Anna was Junior American Chinese Checker champion for three years running....." Tom snickered from the back seat.
"....I vant to suck your blaaaad...." Tay threw back his head, laughing evilly, and then attempted to attach his mouth to Anna's neck, though he ended up getting mouthful of mohair since Anna had a long, multi-coloured striped woollen scarf draped around her throat.
"....meanwhile, back at the ranch....." Anna softly pushed Tay off her "....do you have any CD's or something, Zac? This radio station is killing me...."
".....yes, and we all want to listen to your pre-pubescent voice for an hour...." Beck shot back at him.
"....Ike is presently driving, so Ike can't play his guitar...." Ike spoke of himself in a sing-song third person, which was just a little scary.
".....yet as much as we all love this inexplicably adorable brotherly banter, I suggest that we utilise my CD collection before I resort to blessing you all with my tone-deaf rendition of a LeeAnn Rimes song......perhaps.....'Blue'.....?"
".....oooooh, Isaac.....I just think you're sooooooooo talented....." I imitated her Southern drawl, hanging on Ike's arm and fluttering my eyelashes.
Twilight was fast approaching and if we didn't get the tents up all eight of us would be sleeping in 'the bus'.
I, for one, did not want to sleep in 'the bus' with eight other people - two of whom were questionable washers.
"....this is supposed to be fun, you moron...." Zac rolled his eyes, leaning over the seat to look at Beck.
"....forty...? Well....." I could tell Beck was disappointed she couldn't make an issue out of the weather. Beck likes to make issues out of things ".....that's okay then....." she admitted grudgingly.
"....trees and a few nesting squirrels maybe....? But I'd watch out guys, those nesting squirrels can be damn vicious....semi-automatic acorns, y'know..." Zac smirked sarcastically. Anna, Ike and I stifled our laughter.
Beck looked at Ike dryly. She was obviously still bitter about our refusal to turn back to Tulsa to retrieve her precious battered childhood stuffed rabbit. We were in Illinois at the time.
"....uh, where are we.....?" Ash pulled off his headphones and looked around as if the forest had suddenly popped out from behind a tree. Besides the fact we'd been driving through it for like an hour.
"......Allegheny National Forest, Ash......actually, we've been in Allegheny National Forest for the past hour....but where you've been, honey, is debatable......" Josie rolled her eyes.
"....Zackie, I'm afraid the tents aren't going to talk back to you....you can 'hello' them all you like...."
Zac attempted a glare at Anna but ended up dissolving into some kind of spitting form of laughter where we all got sprayed in saliva. Thankfully, being in the backseat Anna and I only got a light shower. Josie and Ash got a heavy downpour.
Anna slapped my thigh and made to get up "....come on then.....anyone would have thought you weren't girl guides or boy scouts when you were little.....you know....dib-dib-dib, dob-dob-dob...."
I think the snorts of laughter emanating from 'the bus' scared off any native wildlife in the surrounding wilderness.
Which wasn't a bad thing for all concerned. I mean, really, who knew what lurked in Pennsylvanian forests.
"......I have this uncanny urge to start singing 'heigh-ho, heigh-ho, it's off to work we go'....." Ash swung a metal tent pole over his shoulder, almost taking out Tom in the process.
"....speak for yourself dwarf-boy....." Tom glared at him, picking up the red waterproof tent cover.
"....at the risk of being ousted from the group before I'm even in....would you guys shut up and ram in those tent pins before I attend to you with this rubber mallet.....?" Anna smiled sweetly, waving the rubber mallet menacingly in the air.
"....actually, I'm all for Anna attending to you with a rubber mallet......might make you, like, bearable to look at afterwards Ash...."
".....just put in the damn TENT PINS.....!! God almighty.....what does it take to get things done here....?!" Anna yelled, red in the face and breathing hard with all the physical exertion of tent pitching. She brandished the rubber mallet in her hand and swung it around, looking wildly at Tom, Ash and me.
Tom was eating his way through a huge piece of floury bread. Obviously speaking while doing this wasn't the best thing for all concerned - a white cloudy mist hung around him and sprayed out of his mouth.
"....I guess the theory generalises to boys then, since Tom couldn't be any less a specimen of a man if he had breasts and menstruated once a month....."
".....a nice thought to send the kiddies to sleep with...." Josie scoffed, stuffing more bread into her mouth.
".....what kind of bread is this.....?" Ash butted into the conversation with a question that had nothing to do with the original train of thought. He did that kind of thing like a religious ritual.
"......it's this dough bread....mom got given the recipe when we were in Australia, they like make it in the outback....."
"....isn't that reassuring......? I feel so blessed to know the great connoisseur of bread has condescended to like our damper....."
Ike was chatting to Josie, the long gnarled stick he'd found to roast marshmallows on wavering about in the middle of the leaping orange flames. See, that's what happens when Ike's hands aren't properly restrained - they fly everywhere and woe betide anyone in the way of the hands or whatever they're holding. They're a danger to society I tell you.
Ash, Beck and Tom turned around and glanced at Ike and his lunatic marshmallow stick in his hands with minds of their own.
He whisked the stick out of the fire, almost decapitating Anna and then nearly impaling Tay on it as he tried to put out the flaming sticky mess.
The problem with Anna doing that was that she grabbed Tay's waist to steady herself, and both of them ended up falling off the log - Tay on top of Anna who bashed her head on the mossy ground.
".....Ike......." Anna groaned, sitting up. You could almost see the little stars dancing around her head like they do in Looney Tunes cartoons whenever someone's head gets bashed in.
I could predict Ash would say something stupid, do something stupid or think of something stupid for us to do. The odds were like 2 to 1.
"....since we're doing this outdoor slumber party thing, shouldn't we like christen it with a good wholesome game of 'truth or dare'....?"
"....I hate truth or dare....it's always about how many people you've kissed or if you're a virgin or daring you to run around nude....it's so boring...."
She looked at him dryly "....don't try and make me feel like a freakshow exhibit or anything, Ash...." Anna smiled at him sarcastically, lying back on Tay's legs.
Tay and Anna were always finding ingenious ways to sit together. Tonight Tay was sitting on one of the huge logs we'd dragged laboriously around the fire (okay, okay....we stealthily took over someone else's abandoned camp site and claimed it as our own) and Anna was kind of positioned between Tay's spread-eagled legs, using his thighs as arm rests.
She continued ranting ".....to my knowledge being a virgin doesn't make me the daughter of the elephant man and the great niece of a bearded lady....."
"....you know I'm really tired....." Beck stretched her arms above her head and yawned (a worse fake yawn I've never heard).
"....can't be too hard....." Ike came to the fore as reliable older brother "....taking into consideration the unpitchable four person tent....well....three people are going to have to sleep in 'the bus'....."
".....oh, how disappointing........as painful a decision as it is to make, Tom, Ash and I will take 'the bus' in lieu of the long anticipated camping in the open wilderness...."
Ike rolled his eyes "....fine......just don't turn on the heating, unless you feel like living the rest of your life as a hermit in one of these trees because the car battery went flat....."
"....rest assured the thought of just one more night in this forest is enough to keep me well away from that heater...."
".....groovy baby, yeah....." Ike did his famous Austin Powers expression. Everyone laughed. Me? I groaned inwardly. It was kind of starting to lack any pizzazz after the millionth time hearing it. There's only so many times the words 'groovy baby, yeah' in a 60's cockney accent was funny. Ike got past that point a long time ago.
"....well, then its settled....Jose and me in the red tent and you, Anna and Zac in the green one Tay......"
"....of course I don't hear you complaining....who would complain if they were sharing with a girl instead of your brother....!"
".....sorry I'm like raining on your parade guys......I'll just take myself off and find a nice cave to sleep in....." I picked up my sleeping bag and swung it over my shoulder.
"....Zac, you're not sleeping in any such cave......"Anna grabbed my shoulders, steering me the direction of the red tent "....and you two...." she pointed at Ike and Tay, glaring at them with a look uncannily like mom's "...should be ashamed of yourselves..."
"......fine, fine....." Tay muttered. He picked up his sleeping bag and swung it over his shoulder, following Anna to the tent.
He stopped outside, holding it open for Anna and then he looked at me "....you are definitely raining on my parade...."
(cut to deep into the night where owls hooted and strange rustlings could be heard outside the tents)
"....I feel like a marshmallow....." she whispered again. It was kind of funny considering her whisper was louder than her normal voice.
"....well, I want a marshmallow but then again I don't want to get out of my sleeping bag....it's freeze your ass off cold here..."
We both managed to wrestle our way out of the tent and then kind of waddled over to the campsite. You have no idea how hard it is to walk in a sleeping bag. Even when you stick one foot on either side of the bottom of the bag you stil have no control over where you're going. Thank God there weren't any huge obstacles in our path or we would've come to a tragic end.
I retrieved two marshmallow toasting sticks and sat next to Anna on the log, passing her one of the sticks
"...thanks...." I grabbed two, squishing them on to the end of the stick. The sticky remains of someone else's marshmallows were already there and gooey-ed up my fingers. I thrust the stick over the coals. The coals are the best place for marshmallow toasting. People always think you stick them stright into the middle of the fire, but that just charcoals the outside. The coals let you toast perfectly.
She smiled at me. I could see what Tay always went on about. That smile of hers made you feel exactly like you'd just put a perfectly toasted marshmallow in your mouth.
"...it's just....I don't know.....I think it would be nice.....to, you know, have a girlfriend....."
A dreadlocked guy thrust a fluorescent flyer in my face. As if he wasn't just the epitome of 1999's Mr Save The Whales America.
I pictured him for a minute parading around with a tiara atop the forest of dreads and a red sash over his shoulder as he strutted down the winner's walk.
I glanced down at the flyer. It was worse than having a red-hot laser pointed at your cornea. Not that I've ever had a red-hot laser pointed at my cornea.
I squinted at the paper, hoping it wouldn't result in any premature blindness. Some black blobs finally formed decipherable words. A sit-in protest against "the removal of sufficient funding for Jazz music at Berklee School of Music".
Not that being down with it has anything at all to do with the goddess sitting before me. The goddess completely immune to the protesting chaos, who was immersed in a book.
God, now I'm thinking of Whitney Houston. Why Whitney Houston at a time like this? Aren't there any other divas currently available? Aretha Franklin maybe? Shania Twain even...
Okay. I rolled back my shoulders twice and swung my arms around, loosening the tension. It's at times like this I can imagine exactly what a boxer feels like when he's about to step in the ring. I wouldn't have minded having one of those guys with the towels and water bottles on hand grunting "Go Ike! You can do it!" either.
She looked up slowly from her book ('Patisserie' by Jacques Beauxbaton) her eyes resting on my shoes and then, obviously pleased with what she saw (my favourite brown suede loafers), they traced a path up to my face.
She introduced herself as 'Ziu-lee-ette'....not 'Giu-li-et' like anyone else would - pronuncing those little accents like they have on 'cafe' that no one else ever bothers to say right. Oh man. She was French. Parisian maybe. Paris. The city of love.
A little French accordion tune wafted into my head and soon after most of the people standing around me appeared to be instantly dressed in striped shirts with garlands of onions around their shoulders and berets on their heads. Bon jour to you too.
Hell, if I even tried to say Juliet like that I'd look like a complete dork. 'Jules' in a part-hick accent was just going to have to do.
Maybe she wasn't French after all. Her accent was too Americanised. Damn. I wanted a French woman now.
"....no, it's just that special breed of Montrealian - the teenage Hanson fan.....the rest are fairly non-hysterical...."
".....well, you know, I work for the Montreal Tourism Commission and get paid $10 an hour to tell rock stars like yourself that Montreal is full of sane people....."
"......that must be a very strenous job....you must come across a lot of 'rock stars like myself' in Boston....."
This was going well. So well, in fact, I could be tempted to....I don't know....propose a coffee, maybe?
"....Oh God no....my flat mate does and she threatened to blunt my set of knives if I didn't come....so here I am...."
Am I getting myself involved with someone strangely like a character out of 'I Married an Axe Murderer'?
"....of vegetables only...." she laughed "....I'm studying culinary arts at a catering college here in Boston....and hopefully I'll be going to France at the end of the year to finish studying...."
Could this be any better a lead-in to the date asking? That line's practically begging me to ask her on a date.
".....well.....for the moment it's going to have to be one of those bad vending machine ones, because if I even move out of this area, it's as good as kissing my knives goodbye....but yeah....." she nodded, her long dark blonde hair falling forwards over her shoulders "...definitely...I'm up for a coffee......"
(cut to after spending an obscene amount of change on two muddy, lukewarm coffees from a vending machine)
With styrofoam cups in hand and seated on Juliet's sleeping bag, we were immersed in a nice conversation of nothingness. There was nothing in the world like nothingness with a beautiful girl.
"....oh, yeah...sorry....Harry is my flatmate, she's running the protest.....and basically, she's going to make you the star attraction of this sit-in and manage to get a huge group of people here because of it.....a huge group of teenie girls nonetheless...."
"...somehow I doubt she'll get anything more than ten die-hard fourteen year olds from the whole of Massachusetts...."
".....absolutely.....Helene's a Zac groupie and Claudette would probably offer us both as a sacrifice to satan to meet Taylor....."
Then, all of a sudden, like some kind of tornado ripping through California, a girl rushed towards us babbling incoherantly. She was the kind of girl you always saw working in an ice-cream parlour - kind of fat, wearing those thick tortoise shell rimmed glasses and her hair in pigtails. She was wearing an assortment of badly coordinated retro clothes (including a hideous pink psychedelic floral-print caftan) and a pleased-with-herself expression.
"JULES! I can't believe it, we've got the local news coming to cover the protest and about five newspaper reporters already writing, even one from the New York Times ! Can you believe it?! The NEW YORK TIMES!!It's going brilliantly, don't you think?! There's so many people, it's so GREAT, kind of overwhelming, but great all the same and....OH MY GOD, YOU'RE ISAAC HANSON !!!"
"...HARRY....! Can you keep your voice down...?!" Juliet shot her a warning look. The kind of warning look mom would give to Zac when he got too close to anything she'd recently baked.
".....oh.....right.....of course....sorry....." she smiled apologetically but with this evil kind of glint in her eyes which meant for sure that I was going to be 'a media tactic' in the very near future.
"....anyway, Harry, this is Isaac.....Isaac, this is my flatmate Harriet, otherwise known as Harry....."
"......you're......you're the Isaac Hanson. The Isaac Hanson who with his two younger brother stormed into the pop world in May of 1997 with that very catchy melody called MMMBop which heralded the new era of pop music in the late 90's....!!"
"......uh.....actually, I'm another Isaac Hanson.....the Isaac Hanson who sells used cars for a living....."
"....he's kidding, Harry, he's kidding...." Juliet reassured in her French-Canadian accent, flinging her hair over her shoulder as she laughed under her breath.
".....holiday schmoliday...." she waved her hand nonchalantly "....Isaac doesn't mind aiding a worthy cause, does he....?"
".....yeah well.....having a Hanson here....having people know there's a Hanson here...will make it even greater...."
".....oh right.....yeah, must be the Boston Gazette....I'd better go...but you two kids stay right there, okay...? Don't move...."
And as soon as she turned around we were off like a pair of mexican mice after eating too many hot tamales.
So one second we were walking calmly along a path and the next Anna was hanging off me with her legs wrapped around my waist.
"...get...me...away...from...that...rodent..." she growled through clenched teeth, still hanging on to me like a dog on a meaty bone.
".....I'll hate anything with a fluffy tail that spreads communicable disease, thankyouverymuch....."
The squirrel, obviously having got bored of terrorising my lunatic girlfriend, scurried off to tend its acorns (or so I'm guessing).
".......Taylor, my dear boy, it has been proven time and time again that squirrels are amongst the many rodent transmitters of the bubonic plague....."
"....you are seriously kidding me....the bubonic plague died along with capitalist ruling back in, like, the 16th century....that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard....."
".....and I will laugh in your swollen buboes when one of those rodents infects you with Y. Pestis......"
We continued off down the path devoid of any conversation. I mean, that whole squirrel conversation, like, blanked out any normal things I was storing to say. Then I felt her lips on my cheek and suddenly everything wasn't so weird anymore.
".....oh my.......LUKE...!! Hey..!!" Anna stood on her tiptoes and waved. Like there was a huge crowd of people which blocked her view requiring her to stand on tiptoe.
They walked towards each other. Well, Anna was doing that excited burst-of-running walk where she shot ahead every few metres. I managed to keep up with her, arriving behind her to hear Mr Plane Director say, with a suave grin
They hugged each other once they reached each other, and as soon as their bodies touched it was like someone had flicked on that little green switch inside me labelled 'envy/jealously'.
"....I'm going well....." Anna did her flattered, blushing smile. She was looking like Edgar (Ash's dad's pet peacock), who frequently fanned out his feathers to impress any guests of the Harbison residence. Yes, Anna was doing a pretty good peacock impression apparently "....and how about you, Lucas.....?"
So this was what they called jealously. I definitely knew it was a jealously thing since, well, back in 1988 my 'other' best friend in kindy, Amy Wildesmith, decided I wasn't good enough to play in the sandbox with her, but Tom was. Ironically enough, I ended up hating Amy and liking Tom. Actually, it wasn't that ironic. The incident ended in Tom and I conspiring against Amy in a kind of 5-year-olds mutiny on the bounty. Amy never liked us much after that.
Apart from that I was hardly an expert in the field of jealously - since I'd never exactly been with anyone that was really worthy of my jealously. Basically, I never gave a damn about anyone else as much as I gave a damn about Anna.
I hated this guy already and I had no idea who he was (besides that his name was Luke and I didn't like him).
But this was MY sandbox damnit. And there was no way I was sharing my sandbox (or Anna/Amy) with some dumb guy who was wearing a really ugly corn-yellow Ralph Lauren logo shirt with pressed khaki pants.
With that annoying 'cute' lock of hair that fell over his forehead like some Gap stylist had put it there especially to get girls.
HE wasn't lanky. HE wasn't skinny. HIS hair wasn't cut like a girl's (why did I ever listen to that stupid hair stylist?).
HE'D had a shower in the past four days. Heck, he'd probably had one on his daddy's private jet over here. Who's dumb idea was it to take this road trip anyway?
"...huh...?" I looked up. My eyes were still a little glazed over and it took a while for Anna and Perfect Boy to come into focus. Needless to say, they would all have been in better focus with my glasses on, but there was no way in hell I was putting them on in front of HIM.
Who said I had to be nice to him? I didn't have to be nice to him! He was trying to steal my girlfriend (and sandbox)! I don't have to be nice to girlfriend stealers. Or sandbox stealers for that matter.
Actually, I would have preferred saying "...I hate you, leave my girlfriend alone before I kick your ass...." but it didn't quite have the same polite ring to it.
And plus, all things considered, I really couldn't do much kicking of his ass since his ass was a damn sight bigger than mine.
"....so what are you doing here....?" Anna interjected, smiling so hard I wouldn't have been surprised if her face fell off with the exertion.
"....oh, you know, doing the rounds....frat parties, alumni lunches with dad.....you know the deal...."
Anna laughed. Anna had the most beautiful laugh....and smile. Anna never just smiled in photos, it was as if she was always on the verge of, or right in the middle of a fit of laughter. Anna did whole body laughs. It wasn't just the musical noise or the open mouthed smile, but this twinkle in her eye and the way she always started to cover her mouth with her hand glancing at you all the while.
She knew what he meant ? How in the hell did she know what he meant? She'd never been to a frat party before in her life! And as for alumni parties with her dad.....pretty hard considering she'd never even met the guy.
He rummaged through his khaki pant pockets, grinning all the while, before pulling out a piece of paper "....well, this is the place....I'll see you there then....?"
She said it breathlessly, the way girls sound sometimes when they talk to us - completely awestruck. She sounded as if we were in his complete debt for inviting us out. Because we're such hermits and everything, without any social lives of our own.
"....no problem.....well, I've got to get going, but I guess I'll see you tonight then......it was great meeting you Taylor.....bye...."
If I heard correctly Anna sighed softly like someone had just pricked her with a pin and deflated her.
Oh, her life must be so less worth living now that she has to spend three hours away from the studmuffin that is Luke.
".....look, why don't you just go and find lover boy over there and get him to take you....you'd enjoy it so much more than with your boring, ugly boyfriend...."
Instead He thinks 'Of course, let's make Anna and Luke see each other in Boston'. Let's make Anna see the guy who's set her heart a-quiver everytime she'd seen him for the past five years. The guy who always managed to see her make a complete loser out of herself and who obviously hadn't found her loserishness a barrier to their friendship. The guy she could imagine herself having the most beautiful, passionate sex with, even though she'd never had any sex (least of all the beautiful, passionate kind). This was the guy she would have given up her Harvard dream for, to follow to New York (if she was Felicity).
You know sometimes, when you've been loving someone for that long, you forget reality. In particular you forget the reality in which your gorgeous, talented boyfriend is standing next to you.
You forget that you're flirting. Because I flirt unconsciously with Luke. I've flirted unconsciously with Luke for five years - since I was a gawky twelve year old with braces and a blue uniform three sizes too big for me (that I was supposed to "grow into"), who didn't exactly know what flirting itself was, just that guys were supposed to like it and I wanted this guy to like me.
Luke was the kind of guy that you knew you'd be perfect with. The kind of guy your mind conjures up customary wedding photographs for - where you're both cutting the cake and gazing at each other lovingly over the handle of the knife. Luke was the kind of guy your mother would love because he exuded politeness and expensive after-shave; and your dad would love (if he was actually there to love anything) because he was a varsity rower and ice hockey player and had a 4.5 GPA.
But I loved Luke because he was Luke. Because he made me laugh, and because he called me 'Hey Good Lookin' and because he was the only guy friend I had who would watch Audrey Hepburn movies on rainy saturday afternoons in the boarding house with me. I loved him because he was a good dancer and because he taught me to be a good dancer too; and because he never failed to smile at anything.
Taylor was looking at himself in the hotel bathroom mirror, combing a tendril of hair to fall out over his forehead while the rest of it was pretty much greased back. Hm. The last time I saw that hairstyle was watching 'Happy Days' on cable. And Tay just couldn't even rival the coolness of the Fonz (probably because the Fonz was really only cool in the sixties and would look be beaten up if he was alive and trying that hairstyle now).
He was wearing an assortment of clothing that made him appear to be the kind of guy that was a fifth generation Harvard aspiree and went to the best prep school in New England. The shirt with the Ralph Lauren logo was there (and what a wonder of synthetic pastel fabric it was too), then there were the khaki's with the front pleats ironed down the legs. And the brown loafers which looked suspectly Ike.
"....at least I'll be a moron Anna likes then..." he muttered, squinting at his reflection and running the comb carefully through the same spot he'd been combing since I'd been there.
Lice maybe? But then again, that doesn't explain the clothes. Maybe the lice ate into his brain....the part of the brain that controls fashion sense.That could be a good development though.
"....look Tay.....Anna likes morons.....hell, that's probably the reason she's dating you, she sees all that moronic potential you have...."
"....my timing is as always impeccable then.....?" I gave a little bow. A little - pretty guilty - bow.
I never really knew how to handle a sad Tay. He was the kind of person who dealt with his issues on his own. I even think sometimes he's so busy dealing with everyone else's issues that he forgets his own. And when he does manage to remember them, they're a little too messed up to be fixed properly.
Somehow, I had ended up at Jules' flat. Well, not 'somehow'....I knew how - in her car.....but I didn't exactly know why I was at her flat.
Okay. Breathe a sigh of relief. Well, I think it's the latter. Unless she wants sex after the coffee. Oh God.
She tinkered with an espresso machine for a while and then walked over slowly with two tiny espresso cups in either of her hands. She set them down on the coffee and then sat down next to me.
I picked up the miniature coffee cup (and nearly got my finger stuck in the miniature hole for the miniature handle) and took a gulp.
While I was trying to regain some feeling in my tongue by running it over my top teeth, the door to the flat burst open and a guy tumbled in wearing a red soccer uniform.....or a soccer uniform that was once red. It was more mud brown at the moment.
"......that was possibly the worst game of our season......Matt managed to score a goal for the first time all year.....of course, he scored it for the other team, but that was just, you know, a minor setback for him...." he dumped a bag on the floor and pulled off his boots, dropping them next to the bag before looking up "......then, we're pretty sure Sheepy broke his collar bone when he ran into one of the goal posts....how the fuck he managed that, we're not sure but----we have company.......?"
Scott was a taller, prettier version of Tay. Like, I mean, this guy really looked like a girl. And a really good looking girl at that. Actually, I know who he reminded me of - Gunner Stahl in the Mighty Ducks 2. You know the Iceland guy that misses the penalty goal? It was uncanny.
".....likewise....." I waved back, sipping my coffee after blowing on it (in an attempt to cool it down) for the past ten minutes.
".....you think.....?" Scott looked at me disdainfully. Scott did 'disdainful' better than any woman I knew. It was fairly probable that him having to be disdainful for my sake rather frequently had been the cause of its perfection.
"....Jules....." he sighed and shook his beautiful head ".....really......why don't you find someone your own age.....?"
".....at least it isn't illegal this time....." I joked. Scott already knew about my escapade with a sixteen year old when I had been eighteen.
I watched him shaking his head all the way to the bathroom, before turning back towards the lounge room.
Maybe I should get completely plastered and then let the alcohol make the choice for me. Then again, a less painfully embarrassing option would be preferable.
I heard that one (thank God for bringing a set of clothes that were uncomfortably well fitting and perceptibly girly).
I didn't need Luke's prompt to notice that Taylor had just arrived. And Taylor was certaintly standing out in the crowd of Ralph Lauren and khaki.
In his leather pants and cream roll-neck sweater (and by being of course Taylor Hanson) he was the centre of attention. It was almost as if the music had stopped and a spotlight had fallen on him.
He waved at Luke and I and smiled that breathtaking smile of his, walking over to us as the crowd parted like the red sea before Moses.
"....HI GORGEOUS....." he smiled at me (a little amusedly, I think) but didn't kiss me and then turned to Luke "....IT'S GREAT MEETING YOU AGAIN, LUKE....." and he stuck out his hand.
"....GREAT......I'LL BE BACK SOON, YOU TWO DON'T MOVE......" he grinned again, and wandered over to the table amongst all the chins dropping to the floor.
"......GOD, I'D GIVE ANYTHING TO BE DATING HIM......BUT YOU KNOW....." he shrugged and grinned at me.
My legs suddenly weren't doing the supporting they were supposed to and my head appeared to be stuffed with cotton wool.
The next thing I noticed, Taylor was at my side sitting me down on a sofa. He sat down next to me, brushing my hair back from my forehead.
".....I've screwed this up, haven't I? I've ruined this relationship....and you don't want to have anything to do with me now, right.....?"
I squinted at him for a minute. There was something fishy about this "......you knew, didn't you.......?"
"....well, when I was returning my purchases from Ralph Lauren, he was kind of....in there with his....man friend......"
Restaurant table The air-conditioned spacious dining room is elegantly decorated in warm tones. Quiet music is played in the background. The waiting staff will be happy to give all the information about new and specialty
It's amazing how quickly good photos can accelerate the sale of a home or help get your property rented.
Professional and Economical, with a quick turnaround time, I will photograph your property. I work well with tenants, have a great eye for detail and focus on layout and design.
STANDARD COMMERCIAL LICENSE 1. High quality version of photo is available for price that is displayed under each photo. Prices are set by the author himself, Photler doesn't take any commission on photographs sold by the users. 2. At Photler you can browse photos that all are royalty-free. Royalty-free status means, that by paying just once, you as a buyer can use that particular photo several times, without any additional fees. 3. Royalty-free status ensure usage that is worldwide and unlimited temporally. 4. Photos bought under standard commercial license are non-exclusive, what means that can be sell in the meantime on other websites and distribution channels and that they can be sell repeatedly to multiple customers. 5. Exclusive use is also possible if you are looking for photos that will be excluded from further sale, because you want to have them all for the purposes of your own project. Please also notice, that this license does not allow to buy the image and sell prints or reproductions (including digital ones). In both situations contact the author via e-mail in order to determinate the appropriate price.
The lead castles for low level measurements are cylindrical or square. They can be equipped with sliding lids on top, a lid on top which can be turned or with sliding doors in front of the castle.
These special lead castles are made of carefully selected lead generally with an activity of 210 Pb less than 50 Bq/kg and on the inside with lead with an activity less than 5 Bq/kg. Additional we can provide liners in several thicknesses made of Copper or Perspex. Special liners on request.
Beside the standard lead castles, Von Gahlen can make modifications to make a special lead castle to meet your requirements and demands. Von Gahlen has extensive experience with the design of totally custom made lead castles.
Please contact our company with your request, the Von Gahlen team is always ready to encounter new challenges!
A group of friends go to the desert for a gun instruction course and accidentally unleash a power so great it overwhelms them where they must choose between family and friends versus the fate of the world.
The boys of jackass are at it again with even more outrageous stunts, stupids, and never-before-seen pranks and mayhem, including Steve-O’s up-close and personal encounter with a snapping turtle, Chris Pontius and his incredible wood pecker, and an electrifying game of limbo with the whole gang. Plus, get an inside view of paranoid life on the jackass set and the successful behind-the-scenes prank that was finally pulled on Johnny Knoxville. Because too much is never enough!
When Blade';s mother was bitten by a vampire during pregnancy, she did not know that she gave her son a special gift while dying: All the good vampire attributes in combination with the best human skills. In a world where vampires walk the earth, Blade has a goal. His goal is to rid the world of all vampire evil.
When a kingdom is taken over by tyrants, the deposed princess embarks on an adventure to gather a group of gentlemen who can take the despots of power and regain the freedom of the kingdom.
has one night to figure out where his loyalties lie: with his estranged son, Mike, whose life is in danger, or his longtime best friend, the mob boss, who wants Mike to pay for the death of his own son.
Four professional buyers and their teams as they scour repossessed storage units in search of hidden treasure. these seasoned veterans have found everything from coffins to the world's most...
The film tells the story of an elite fighting unit who must battle to find a cure in a post-apocalyptic zone controlled by a society of murderous renegades as they try to prevent it from ushering in a new dark age.
The film tells the story of two cold-blooded mercenaries who .start to form a dark bond as they travel through the desert night on their way to carry out kidnapping a local woman in Iraq.
When three civil rights workers go missing in a small Mississippi town, FBI agents with wildly different styles, Alan Ward and Rupert Anderson, are sent in to investigate. The younger agent trained in FBI school runs up against the small town ways of his former Sheriff partner.
Railroad executive Dagny Taggart and steel mogul Henry Rearden form an alliance to fight the increasingly authoritarian government of the United States.
The movie follows the journey of celebrated travel writer, Bill Bryson, while he challenges himself to hike the Appalachian Trail - 2,200 miles of America's most unspoiled, spectacular and rugged countryside from Georgia to Maine with one of his oldest friends.
While searching for her dad, Ida - a rebellious young girl joins the Sweethearts of the Rodeo, a team of young female rodeo riders. Ida not only finds a new passion that may changes her life but also grab the chance of finding her father.
As Rapunzel prepares for her coronation as Princess of Corona, one unforgettable night will change her hair again!
Gil Favor is trail boss of a continuous cattle drive; he is assisted by Rowdy Yates. The crew runs into characters and adventures along the way.
It's hard enough to raise a kid nowadays but when you have to cope with THESE kids, things tend to get out of hand! Dr Seaver, a psychologist and his wife Maggie Seaver, a journalist, try to do their best raising their family and although their kids, Mike, Ben, Carol and Crissie, cause them endless problems, they manage to keep the family close together.
The movie depicts short-tempered General Antonio Luna's leadership of the Philippine Revolutionary Army who faces an enemy more formidable than the American army: his own treacherous countrymen during the Philippine-American War.
Freedom Fighters: The Ray tells the origin story of Ray Terrill (Russell Tovey), a man who reluctantly becomes a superhero after he is visited by his dying Earth-X doppelganger. As the light-powered superhero The Ray, Ray fights the Nazi villains of Earth-X, while building up the courage to come out as gay to his parents. The first six-episode season of The Ray debuted late last year.
Limitations edit The receiver does not control the data rate, so it must avoid bit slip by synchronizing its reception with bonus bahn punkte the source clock.
Instead, the data is sent using biphase mark code, which has either one or two transitions for every bit, allowing the original word clock to be extracted from the signal spielothek deutschland ab 21 itself.
2 advanced Erweiterte preferences Einstellungen language tools Sprachtools colspan id all radio checked label for Das lgr lr lang Seiten Deutsch cty cr country DE aus Deutschland ads Werbung services Unternehmensangebote about ? Many of them will have sexually explicit pictures on their profiles. 1) When you see someone you know, you DO NOT publicize it. 2) When you have sex with any of our members, it is your responsibility to protect yourself against Sexually Transmitted Diseases. Our members are normal men and women; they are not porn stars or prostitutes.Your cake home is significantly different from business save the date templates free a shy guy right for quite an adventure and an opportunity to have youre.Our program falls in the middle, offering mentoring and counseling and occasional readings and events. His philanthropy, the Qaddafi International Charity and Development Foundation, had sent hundreds of tons of aid to earthquake-ravaged Haiti, and he was seen as a reasonable prospect to succeed his father.
NET Web Api that's effectively going to change the world... You've even sold and marketed the idea to maybe your boss or potential client... Ever had the requirement for your code to perform some series of background actions, say to query an API for weather data for various locations, but your provider caps you at having only 2 max concurrent ... I was attempting to get a custom field that a customer had added to Items.
After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, people who lived in the former republics got an unrestricted access to the Western world and vice versa.
Enabling behavior is born out of our instinct for love. It’s only natural to want to help someone we love, but when it comes to certain problems – addiction, in this case – helping is like throwing a match on a pool of gas.
In the true sense of the word, to enable is to supply with the means, knowledge, or opportunity to be or do something – to make feasible or possible.
However, when we apply it to certain problems in living – addiction, chronic financial trouble, codependency, certain forms of chronic depression – enabling behaviors have the reverse effect of what is intended.
Enabling begins with the little things – waking someone so they won’t be late to work (again) or loaning them money (again). The common thinking is that this is helping the person who has or is developing an addiction… but what it is doing is prolonging the reality that there is a problem causing negative consequences in their life. In reality, the best thing one can do is let the person experience the negative consequences… to see what their own behavior is causing.
Ignoring the problem – because they get defensive when you bring it up or your hope that it will magically go away
Repeatedly bailing them out – of jail, financial problems, other "tight spots" they get themselves into
Accepting their justifications, excuses and rationalizations – "I’m destroying myself with alcohol because I’m depressed".
Enabling behaviors directly and indirectly support the vicious cycle of never-ending problems and pain of addiction.
Continuing enabling behavior creates an addict within itself. Codependency… the enabler becoming addicted to helping the addict…is a vicious partner to someone struggling with addiction
Relief Using or Enabling – Comfort eating, spending, working or "helping" someone with their problem in order to avoid an internal focus.
Continued Use (of enabling behavior) Despite Serious Negative Consequences – to yourself as well as them
Social Problems – Embarrassment, avoiding parties where they may be "too much temptation" for your partner.
Occupational or Academic Problems – Loss of concentration due to preoccupation with the problem person or persons
Loss of Social Supports – stop seeing friends and begin to isolate, other people give up trying to get you to see what you are doing
Drug addiction is a disease that impacts not only the addict but also the family and friends. As we have just shown, often an addict is able to continue using because those who surround him are enabling him on some level by helping with money, legal problems or other related matters. In order to stop enabling the addict and help him recover, family and friends can follow these helpful tips… this is not to be undertaking frivolously and is best managed by having a third party (a counselor, minister or other person trained in Intervention) present and leading the process. It is best for all concerned if the leader of the group is not a friend or close to the addict… this prevents old behaviors from sneaking into the process.
As you will see below, some of these stages required pre-research/work on the end of the family/support group. Knowing available options for your loved one is important before beginning this work.
Plan an intervention. A time is scheduled to sit down with the addict and tell her/him frankly that you will no longer provide the support you have been giving.
The Third Party: to help you with al aspects including being able to get the drug addict into treatment. By incorporating a third party, such as a therapist or interventionist, you will ensure that the addict takes you seriously. This person can help clarify the reality that you are about to start withholding support from the addict and that his only alternative is treatment.
Be prepared for a fight. Be prepared for this to become emotional. You obviously care about the drug addict, but by offering support (monetary, emotional, legal), you are enabling her to continue on a path of self-destruction. The addict will put up a fight when you tell her you are going to withhold these supports.
Force the drug addict to accept responsibility for his behavior. By eliminating your support, you are making the addict own up to the consequences of his actions. This is the only way to help him stop taking drugs and get the needed help.
Eliminate your readiness to pick up the debris of the addict’s life, to bail him out or to supply her with financial assistance. The disease of drug addiction will kill the addict and you must recognize that you are not helping her by supporting her on any level with respect to her addiction. Treatment is the only answer, and your refusal to support her in any other choice is imperative.
To learn more about being a family member of an addict, educate yourself with the online Matrix Model Family Education Program videos
Have your child identify the pictures close up: apple, house, square (box), ball (circle). The link to the screening chart is found here: S:\PUBLIC HEALTH\Updated Policies and Procedures 2012\Parent and Child Health\Lazy Eye Forms\lazy eye screening chart.pdf
Check your child’s eyes. You will need: the prescription vision chart, adhesive tape, a paper cup, a ruler or tape measure
Hang the Precision Vision chart at your child’s eye level on a bare wall with no windows in a well-lighted room.
Measure 10 feet from the chart and put a piece of tape down. Your child’s heels should be on the line of tape.
Show your child how to hold the cup over his or her LEFT eye, keeping both eyes open. Your child should not peek. Sometimes it helps to have someone else cover the child’s eye with the cup.
Sit next to the Precision Vision chart and point to each of the pictures. Start at the top. Ask your child to identify the picture. Praise your child each time he/she responds.
When screening is completed, parents call or email Pepin County Health Department with the results. Follow-up will be done for all children who are unable to see the middle line, or the 20/40 line.
The Pepin County Health Department will provide resource and referral information and limited direct services to parents. Visits include but are not limited to:
Families and children under their legal guardianship such as foster care or grandparents raising grandchildren
Provide a basic level of services to families identified by the hospital or other community professionals as being in need of follow-up. The intensity and length of service is based on need. A PHN will:
Home visits are not required. All families have the right to refuse a home visit or any other public health service. Some families may prefer asking questions and getting information over the telephone. This is up to the client and assistance can be provided in person at the home, in the office, in a neutral community site or over the phone. Printed material may be sent in the mail.
The PHN will provide follow up services and referrals as indicated. Ongoing services are based on the needs of the family and plan for medical follow up.
PHN will attempt to contact the family within 10 working days of receipt of the referral. The purpose of the contact is to offer public health services.
The PHN will document the visit on departmental flow sheets, written narrative notes or printed, signed and dated Word Document, SPHERE charting or Nightengale Notes.
If a home visit appears threatening on the referral or through prior nursing experience with the client, staff should seek assistance from a second member of the parent child team and conduct the visit jointly, or the visit should not be conducted. The Home and Worksite Visitation Safety Policy will be followed for threatening situations.
Family needs that are identified and indicate a gap in services that are unavailable in the county will be discussed with the supervisor. The parent/child team may discuss apparent gaps in services to investigate ways to bring community partners together for resolution.
The PHN may offer pregnancy health promotion/disease prevention and do limited physical health assessments to women requesting assistance during pregnancy. Assistance to locate and apply for community resources will be offered per client need.
This service will be billed to PNCC for eligible women when the client’s needs require monthly visitation. See separate PNCC policy and procedure.
Intermittent pregnancy assistance will be offered to meet the client’s resource needs and provide timely health education through each trimester of pregnancy.
Pepin County Health Department will engage in the following functions related to postpartum/newborn follow-up:
Review all birth records for high-risk newborns or for potential postpartum needs. This includes reviewing birth weight, medical conditions, and psychosocial factors that would suggest the family would benefit from services.
Using the birth records, the families of all newborns will be placed on a mailing list to receive information on services available to Pepin County families
Some clients may not be directly referred by a health care provider, but may appear high-risk when reviewing the birth records. These families will also be contacted to offer a PHN home visit.
Well Child Exam/Health Check information, need for primary medical home and payer source for follow up care.
Environmental assessment and teaching. This includes but is not limited to well water testing, human health hazards, indoor air quality, lead poisoning, pets and housing, and performing a home safety assessment (see home safety assessment policy).
Psychosocial assessment including: sources of social support, adjustment to newborn or child’s changing needs, ability to communicate, ability to arrange for community resources, coping and/or grief response to child’s medical condition/diagnosis, family relationships, and caretaking/parenting skills.
Health teaching and guidance. This includes but is not limited to: nutrition and elimination, growth and development, sleep and awake states, child/infant stimulation and social needs, parenting skills, child care, medications and other treatment procedures, safety, primary care follow up appointments, immunizations, and parent’s understanding and comfort with monitoring equipment.
Postpartum assessment includes but is not limited to: psychosocial factors (feelings about delivery, adjustment to baby, support systems, postpartum depression, stress, and interaction with the infant), physiological factors (integument, pain, circulation, bowel and genitor-urinary function), and health related behaviors (nutrition, sleep and rest patterns, activity, family planning, substance use, and postpartum check-up)
MCH/CSHCH Update, Wisconsin Department of Health and Human Services. Printed quarterly, and located on the HAN @ www.han.wisc.edu.
To assure women enrolled in the PNCC program receive adequate and appropriate services to improve the birth outcomes.
PNCC will help a recipient and, when appropriate, the recipient’s family gain access to medical, social, educational, and other services related to the recipient’s pregnancy. Wisconsin Medical Assistance (MA) PNCC services are available to MA eligible pregnant women with a high risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes during pregnancy through the first 60 days following delivery of the infant. PNCC services may be available through the Maternal and Child Health grant to women who are not eligible to receive the services under MA. PNCC services include all of the following:
Crystal. i am 20 years old from south london, i am an outgoing and fun loving i am intellectual but most of all i just like enjoying life to the fullest.
Nayeli. i am very tight where i need to be ,feminine and, fun between the sheets and wickedly sexy .i love being with naughty boys, strong masculine men, mature men and younger guys and just you find out how! ...do you have secrets you prefer to keep? would you like to explore youre fantasy or fetish?
These days, each and every one it takes to launch a blog is known as a theme, a couple of clicks of the mouse and a chain of text to publish. That isn’t to convey that blogging is inherently low value because the obstacle to access is low. If you’ve put in any amount of your energy online, you will quickly see that there’s a lot of amazing content being shared.
But in the long run, it takes more than an online presence and compelling happy to be successful with blogging. If you don’t have targeted traffic coming in, your entire efforts are a waste of time. Understanding that, here are 8 tips to help you take action and start promoting your website content to build traffic, encourage shares, and increase presence:
So , anyone can throw hit-or-miss content up on a blog and give us a call at it per day. But that is not going to get you virtually any real traction force with your potential audience. The most powerful content manufacturers make sure all their content is beneficial to their customers. Before jots down anything, you have to start by pondering, “Is this helpful? ” If the response to that problem is “no”, then you need to start over. Staying helpful means providing something of value so your market comes to help you as a honest and reputable resource. If you’re writing a thing that can help your audience solve their pain points, response their questions, or prove to them how to make their lives much easier, odds are you are providing value.
You’ll likely put a lot of effort in to writing content for your visitors this year. Do not let that effort go to waste. Perform keyword exploration relevant to the topic, and naturally place those keywords into your content. Doing this should greatly improve the odds of your site posts becoming found naturally through search results. For example , if you do a Google search with respect to “Pizza producing tips, ” you’ll view a number of articles and blogs at the top of the search results that talk about making the perfect soda at home. It is simple to see how the search concern matches the subject of the discussions listed in the results. This is just what you want to copy so that your content material comes away at the top of the search results.
The people you connect with within your personal and professional systems don’t prefer to feel as if you’re just using them as being a tool to spread your blog content ~ no matter how very good it is. All you do to develop your blog subject material will be far more effective for the time to build better romances through immediate engagement and relevant additions to the www.leucadiaphotoworks.com talking. Saying, “Hey, that’s a fantastic post – take a look at mine” is certainly not the way to achieve that. Don’t try to game your network with regards to links and shares. Serious two-way associations are far more scalable, require less job, and will provide better results as your blog swells. Which provides me to another point…
Two-way associations mean you have to give as much as you get, and you will get a lot more if you make the effort to build a traditional relationship. Those who pursue you, circumstance within your network, will value any extra help and attention you can provide. So share their content, frequently engage them on their blog page and public channels, and talk store. When the time comes to your new piece to be shared, those people are far more likely to discuss it with the connections if they see that you have been doing a similar for them.
Your immediate public connections aren’t the only ways to leverage social websites. Dig in relevant teams and community forums where you can talk about opinions and take part in discussions. As your involvement in (and trust among) the community grows up, you can start showing your content inside those complexes. Just maintain this capital rule in mind: Social media is around engagement – not spam. Don’t try to blast your content into categories you would not participate in. Got a really great content you want to divide as far as likely? Post it to your interpersonal channels and try a short paid campaign to “boost” the content and receive additional reach outside of your immediate network. For example , Fb allows you to enhance individual posts make them more visible to people who like your page, and their friends.
Email might be maturity, but it’s far from obsolete. Place email opt-ins in your blog and other channels (like Facebook) that help you accumulate email addresses. Produce a great promotional item or regular tips especially for subscribers to increase transformation. Use that subscriber list to let the fans learn about new articles, to revisit old articles relevant to well-known topics, also to encourage them to write about the content with their networks. Using a strong proactive approach and the focus of your enthusiasts, you’ll become amazed at how willing they are to promote you.
YouTube officially became the second-largest search engine in 2014, with over three hundred hours of content published every minute, circumstance billion specific visitors enjoying more than six billion hours of video every month. That sounds like a place to cross-promote your blog and ideas. As you incorporate online video, now you have one more route to promote your articles. Whether you record a chatting head online video, a mini white board lesson, or narrate a presentation of your blog content material, there are plenty of strategies to work sites like Vimeo and Vimeo into your weblog promotion strategy.
8. Visitor post Affiliate traffic is gold for your blogger, and one of the best ways to get that traffic is by invitee posting on relevant blogs within your sector or vertical. Connect with influencers and other articles producers, provide to provide content material on a several topic, and present the content in exchange with respect to an author field with a link back to your site. Supply same quid pro quo – enabling others to publish on your weblog not only increases the chance for affiliate traffic back and forth, it also generates relationships that become component to your social networking strategy. Then simply there’s additional bonus of having others load your content date with content, giving you the casual much-needed break from authoring. No matter what you choose to do first, just take action. Prior to doing anything else for the day sit down and place some desired goals. Look over your list and choose one issue you can get carried out right this second to help you promote your blog. Consequently do it. It may be that simple.
A meeting was held today on ‘Plastic free Jharkhand.The meeting was presided by Governor’s Advisor Madhukar Gupta.
Disclaimer: All of the free movies found on this website are hosted on third-party servers that are freely available to watch online on Watch Full Movies & TV Series in HD Quality for all internet users. Any legal issues regarding the free online movies on this website should be taken up with the actual file hosts themselves. Watch Full Movies & TV Series in HD Quality is not responsible for the accuracy, compliance, copyright, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of other linked sites. In case of any copyright claims, Please contact the source websites directly file owners or host sites. By accessing this site you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy.
Ray-Ban ® Clubmaster Classic sunglasses are retro and timeless. Inspired by the 50’s, the unmisstakable design of the Clubmaster Classic is worn by cultural intellectuals, those who lead the changed tomorrow. Choose the iconic Clubmaster Classic sunglasses design in black or brown frames with a crystal green lens treatment. While wearing Ray-Ban ® RB3016 Clubmaster Classic design, you’ll always make a statement.
furniture store oshkosh wi large size of furniture ideas furniture ideas stores store designer gallery.
w new ave apt 1 walk score, furniture stores shop, furniture ideas extraordinary stores, furniture stores an favorite, living room furniture and point, furniture mattress store point,furniture store in bobs discount ,furniture stores ,abbey park by liberty furniture and , vintage clothing accessories and jewelry.
The products offered by High Five Vape are intended for use by responsible adult vaporizer users over the age of 21 (or the legal smoking age of your state), and are not intended for pregnant or nursing women, children, people with or at risk for heart disease, high blood pressure, diabetes, asthma, or those who are sensitive to nicotine, propylene glycol, or vegetable glycerin. Nicotine is highly addictive and may be dangerous to your health. Nicotine is highly addictive and habit forming. Keep out of reach of children and pets. These products contain nicotine, a chemical known to the state of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. Our products are not intended as a smoking cessation product, but rather as an alternative to traditional cigarettes. By placing an order you are agreeing to this disclaimer.
The Ceramic Pro nail is perfect for those who like more essential oils or extract with each use, as the surface area is double the original size of the regular nails.
Re-design of a member management website for an industry-led association promoting best practice sustainability commitments and performance across the legal sector.
Barry Goldwater Peak (4083), named after the Arizona born US Senator, is the high point of the White Tank Mountain Range. Most views attribute that title to the popular Radio Summit which is just 65ft shy of BG Peak. The summit isn't visited by hikers all that often. It offers views of some western peaks that Phoenix locals probably don't get to see that often.
Hike: This is an easier, less rugged approach to Barry Goldwater Peak, starting out at the Area #7 trailhead. The majority of the rocky terrain is seen in the first 1.7 mile section, and isn't all that bad. From here, the trail forks and you'll want to head left. The rest of the MQ trail is a gradual climb on fairly level terrain. After mile marker 4, you'll begin to wind up and around an unnamed peak (3032). At the next junction, hop onto the Goat Camp Trail.
About a mile down this trail, you will find a cairn on your left (east of GC trail). This marks the Jeep trail (heading west) that will lead you to the service road. It's about 1.4 miles to the summit from here. The Jeep trail has plenty of cairns to aid you should you lose your way. When the trail thins out, make your way to the service road, and head right. Simply follow the road to the top. There's a three way junction just beneath the peak - go right. At the top, you'll find a red jar containing the summit registry, placed in 1988.
For an extra 1.8 miles, start out at the true Mesquite Canyon TH on Wildlife Way. I recommend taking the Ford Canyon/Willow Canyon trails on your way back down. According to the new park maps, it's .1 miles shorter than the 2.4 mile section of the Mesquite Trail, so there's no excuse not to. Make sure to edit your triplog information accordingly.
WARNING! Hiking and outdoor related sports can be dangerous. Be responsible and prepare for the trip. Study the area you are entering and plan accordingly. Dress for the current and unexpected weather changes. Take plenty of water. Never go alone. Make an itinerary with your plan(s), route(s), destination(s) and expected return time. Give your itinerary to trusted family and/or friends.
From the 303 & Olive go west on Olive 4.5 miles to the park entrance. Olive turns into White Tank Mountain Rd. Continue 2.1 miles, turn right and it's 250 feet to to the Mesquite/Ford Trailhead
You get a map when you pay your entrance fee so that should help you figure it out if you have any concerns.
For reasons I can only explain as “because I wanted to try it” about four months ago I decided to try consuming the pre-made liquid version of Soylent, called “Soylent 2.0“, on a near 100% consumption level, supplemented with some solid food in the form of Greenbelly Bars, bananas, avocados, artichoke hearts, pickles, and whatever fruit I could get my hands on – pears, peaches, plums.
I had already been consuming the powdered version of Soylent, usually a couple of bags per week, for a few years. When the liquid version of Soylent came out I ordered a single box of it, 12 bottles, to see how I would like it. After throwing it into the fridge overnight, the next day I had some for lunch, and I found it to be totally acceptable in flavor and texture.
As a long time user of the powdered versions of Soylent, the idea of having it pre-made, I have to say, excited me more than it probably should have.
One of the things that I personally wanted to see in all of this is whether or not I could maintain my standard high level of activities. Before going into this I felt I would have low energy issues, and for the most part that was not the case. Only a few days, in which I had to pull a lot of elevation, did I find myself out of energy – at which point I just downed an extra Greenbelly Bar, or an avocado, both of which seemed to solve the problem.
This was not going to be some kind of “office challenge” where I was just sitting around an office all day long drinking the stuff, but rather at a high level of athleticism that I tend to keep this time of year.
This included days where I would be out trail running, days when I was out working building trail routes, a week-long adventure in the desert finishing up a few sections of the Mojave Trail, and the rest just out hiking and enjoying life.
The other 16 days were spent at home, on the road driving to locations, and a couple of days visiting family (where I only consumed Soylent+Greenbelly) while out adventuring.
A month of Soylent stacked up on shelves in my house. The FedEx driver was not a happy guy when he had to deliver these (and made that very clear each delivery – they come as six individual boxes in a single huge and crazy heavy box. i ended up opening up the huge box outside my front door and carrying the individual boxes inside)
A major concern of mine, before I started all of this, was how much I was going to lose. I have been on the very edge of the lower weight limit that I have set for myself, and I really did not want to bounce much more than three or four pounds below the point I was at.
To say that was a surprise is straight up truth. It was also something I was very glad about. I had told myself that if I got to a point where I was starting to lose more than five pounds, I would immediately stop the challenge.
I did get tired of the Greenbelly Bars. But as any long distance hiker knows, getting tired of bars is something that happens all too easily. For a couple of days switched things up and ate a couple of luna lemonzest bars, which for some strange reason I really enjoy.
I had five meals, out of the 100 days, that were not Soylent. This included one meal with my sister (a wonderful dish of Eggplant Bharta at the Himalayan Restaurant in Windsor, CA), the meals of veggie spaghetti, and one veggie pizza while hanging out with a group of friends. So, all said, I think only five meals out of 100 days is better than what I expected. I will have to say that there was one day in particular that I wanted something else so badly that my brain could not think of anything else – long distance hikers know what I mean – and I was out in the middle of nowhere when that day happened. It sucked.
This was not an inexpensive venture. About what I typically spend on food while I am at home for a month, but significantly more expensive than what I spend for a month of food while out on the trail eating my usual mush-style food.
When setup on a subscription basis, the Soylent 2.0 is $387.60 per 28 days, and the Greenbelly Bars are $170.19
That works out to $557.79 for each 28 day cycle, allowing me a couple of days where I could have two packages of bars in a day, which I greatly looked forward too.
It can be done for a fair bit less money if you go with the powdered version of Soylent, but having tried that while out on the trail for a couple of weeks, it just proved to be something that did not work for me. YMMV. More on the powdered version below.
So because 90+% of my food consumption was liquid, I went into this challenge wondering how much I would find myself drinking other stuff. The every typical coffee, tea, and lots of water of course.
I did notice that my consumption of water increased, drastically too. I have been trying to stop drinking coffee, so took this duration of time to slowly ween myself off, but that just did not work out.
I also switched out my normal consumption of white tea and wūlóng for Guayusa tea, which has turned out to be something I really enjoy.
Simply put, I have found the pre-made 2.0 liquid version of Soylent so great that I am not sure if I am going to be able to go back to the powdered version, even with the higher price tag of the pre-made Soylent.
I still have about a half-dozen boxes of the powdered stuff sitting around, I will probably slowly finish them off and just stop buying the powdered version.
This initially presented itself as a problem. Carrying around a bunch of bottles was not hard, nor did it take up any more room than traditional trail food it seemed, but rather the fact that it resulted in dead weight lugging around a couple dozen empty bottles, and I was never able to compress my backpack like you can the last few days when eating traditional trail food; all those bottles just continued to take up pack space.
I ended up buying a couple of those Nalgene 96oz Wide Mouth Cantene containers. I was able to get a couple of days of Soylent into each one and just tossed them into my backpack. It solved the pack volume issue and, oddly enough, the weight was about the same, as Soylent has made those little bottles pretty dang light weight, but the key advantage was the pack volume savings.
On one extended adventure where I could not carry enough, I did cache it in the middle of the desert, and it survived the heat without issues. Had ground temps of around F120 during the day. While it did kind of suck drinking the Soylent when it was hot, it was by no means gross or non-consumable. A couple of those days I mixed in some Starbucks Via, both for the caffeine kick, and to help with getting it down.
While out trail running, I just tossed the Soylent bottles right into the standard water pockets of the Ultimate Direction PB 3.0 Vest and Groove Stereo Waist Belt. They fit with no problems, easy to get in and out of all the different pockets. Worked out very well. I found myself putting one bottle of Soylent into one pocket of both the vest and belt, and water bottles into the other pockets. That would give me enough for a morning/afternoon, or afternoon/evening run along the trails, with a package of Greenbelly Bars and whatever fruit I felt like taking.
This has been a question I have gotten a fair bit: did I have any blood testing done before and along the way to see how/if this type of diet was/would have any affect on my body?
I suppose if I had been doing this for some type of scientific journal documenting the effects of a liquid food supplement diet, than sure, that could have been an interesting aspect to all of this.
But I had already been consuming Soylent for years – not at the 90+% level, but it has tended to make up between 40% and 75% of my diet on any given month, so it was not as if I was going straight from a solid food diet to a nearly all liquid diet, nor was it as if I had not already been consuming liquid food.
It was just not something I even considered until about two weeks into my challenge when I was first asked.
About two weeks before I reached the end of my 100 day challenge I started to ponder on this question.
I think what I am going to try doing is scaling back to a couple of bottles a day, maybe two, instead of five. Sort of a one-meal-a-day level.
As for the Greenbelly Bars, they are not something I will keep in the mix of things. I will still probably buy a case here or there, but not as everyday food. They did, however, do their job for this 100 day challenge. When I got hungry, I reached for a bag of them. One of the two bars in each package would fill me up. I usually had one full bar between Soylent breakfast and lunch, and half a bar after lunch but before dinner, and then the last part of the second bar I would have before going to sleep, along with the last Soylent for the day. It was a nice way to go to bed feeling full. They are exceptional bars – I have been saying that since I first wrote about them.
Without a doubt, the second most popular question I have gotten, after “why am I doing this?” is “what does the pre-made liquid Soylent taste like?“
I have had about a dozen friends try the pre-made 2.0 liquid Soylent, along with a couple of family members, and almost all of them have answered this question the same way: “it tastes like oatmeal and vanilla put into a blinder” and I too think that is the best way to describe the pre-made liquid version of Soylent.
Soylent is rather friendly to being mixed with other liquids too. Sometimes, especially on early morning trail running’s, I will carry one of those small cans of Starbucks Doubleshot Espresso. Once I drink about half a bottle of the Soylent I will pop open the can of espresso and pour it into the Soylent bottle. It tastes really good. Other times I will pour a packet of Starbucks Via into a Soylent container, that too works out very well. Adding a couple splashes of Soylent into a cup of already-made-coffee is something I regularly do at home. I also enjoy putting a couple drops of vanilla extract into a bottle of Soylent. Adding water flavor packs (take your pick) into Soylent is something I have discovered is not all that, well, advisable. I have also mixed together Soylent and Silk Chocolate Soymilk, which is also pretty dang good, and gives the Soylent a nice chocolate flavor. Adding straight cocoa powder into Soylent is something I have tried, but not something I enjoyed – perhaps I just need to try a few different types to find one that blends well and tastes good. It would be very interesting to see Soylent make a chocolate flavor some day.
You can buy the Soylent at both the Soylent website and as of June 2016, it is now available on amazon.
You can sometimes score coupons for the first month of a Soylent subscription (watch reddit and the soylent forums) which tends to be 10% off the first month, but sometimes you can find one that is 15% off, but they tend to be rare – I came across one when I setup my subscription, but it has since expired.
Finding coupons for the Greenbelly bars is very difficult. Especially for any decent percentage off their price tag. I was able to use one from back when they were doing a kickstarter campaign, but not something I can share.
Iran2ube Archives Select Month March 2017 (16) February 2017 (23) January 2017 (224) December 2016 (154) November 2016 (90) October 2016 (66) September 2016 (86) August 2016 (35) July 2016 (39) June 2016 (51) May 2016 (36) April 2016 (30) March 2016 (45) February 2016 (34) January 2016 (25) December 2015 (37) November 2015 (24) October 2015 (7) September 2015 (5) August 2015 (10) July 2015 (9) June 2015 (10) May 2015 (10) April 2015 (11) March 2015 (10) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (7) December 2014 (15) November 2014 (13) October 2014 (9) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (32) July 2014 (4) June 2014 (5) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (7) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (6) January 2014 (8) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (6) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (6) July 2013 (3) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (5) March 2013 (7) February 2013 (6) January 2013 (4) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (2) October 2012 (3) September 2012 (19) August 2012 (12) July 2012 (2) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (1) April 2012 (1) March 2012 (5) February 2012 (3) January 2012 (1) November 2011 (2) August 2011 (1) July 2011 (3) June 2011 (1) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (2) March 2011 (5) February 2011 (2) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (1) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (6) August 2010 (1) July 2010 (2) June 2010 (1) April 2010 (2) March 2010 (3) February 2010 (1) January 2010 (2) December 2009 (1) November 2009 (1) October 2009 (3) September 2009 (2) August 2009 (4) July 2009 (1) May 2009 (2) April 2009 (1) March 2009 (3) February 2009 (1) January 2009 (2) December 2008 (1) November 2008 (1) October 2008 (2) September 2008 (1) June 2008 (1) January 2008 (2) December 2007 (1) October 2007 (2) September 2007 (1) July 2007 (2) May 2007 (2) April 2007 (1) February 2007 (1) January 2007 (1) December 2006 (1) November 2006 (2) September 2006 (1) July 2006 (2) May 2006 (1) April 2006 (1)
Woody and Buzz are back in the first Toy Story 4 trailer, alongside a spork having an identity crisis.
The US president was criticised for letting rain stop a memorial visit to honour US soldiers in France.
Canada's prime minister says it has listened to a purported recording of the Saudi writer's killing.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola is asked by the FA to explain comments on the referee before Sunday's derby with Manchester United.
Newcastle flanker Gary Graham, who has previously been in an England training camp, replaces Blade Thomson in Scotland's autumn Test squad.
Jos Buttler says he is happy to bat at number three for England in Sri Lanka because being flexible with the batting order is "a real strength".
Deadly blazes are unleashing destruction across California, forcing thousands to evacuate their homes.
Finland's PM suggests it was jammed deliberately in northern Finnish airspace during Nato exercises.
Watch some of the best goals from the first round of the FA Cup, including a screamer from Guiseley's Will Hatfield and a superb Walsall team goal finished by Andy Cook.
The essential one is the session cookie, usually called MoodleSession. You must allow this cookie into your browser to provide continuity and maintain your login from page to page. When you log out or close the browser this cookie is destroyed (in your browser and on the server).
The other cookie is purely for convenience, usually called something like MOODLEID. It just remembers your username within the browser. This means when you return to this site the username field on the login page will be already filled out for you. It is safe to refuse this cookie - you will just have to retype your username every time you log in.
Ensuring these foods are included in your diet will enable your body to produce taurine from the amino acids found in these foods.
遺言は、本人の最終意思を尊重するという趣旨から、いつでも自由に撤回できる（民法1022条）ことが保障されています。ところが、共同で遺言を作成することを認めてしまうと、撤回も共同で行わなければならなくなり、各遺言者が自由に撤回することの妨げになってしまいます。
Many environmentalists and ecologists believe that world consumption has already exceeded the amount our planet can naturally replenish (in 1990). At that time, the global ecological footprint, a measure of that consumption, was growing at an annual rate of about 1.5 percent; by now it has nearly doubled that rate.
Based on my projections of the footprint’s growth, the world’s population will peak when GWP per unit of IP index (average of normalized life expectancy and happiness, multiplied by normalized population) is 174 percent of its 1990 value. At that time, in 2020, footprint per IP will be 155 percent of its 1990 value. That is, the economic cost of our existence will be three-fourths more, and the ecological cost of our existence will be one-half more. We will also have just doubled the total amount of resources we were using in 1990.
After the population peaks, more people will die than are born. Over the following 20 years the costs of survival will spike to over triple their 1990 values. Within 30 years of the peak most if not all of the population will be dead.
If we buy time by conserving as I suggested earlier (reducing consumption by one percent per decade saved, maintained over the number of decades to be saved), the economic cost will rise even as the ecological cost drops. As with business as usual, when the additional economic cost (since 1990) exceeds three-fourths what it was then, the population will reach a maximum. The decline of population will however take much longer.
From 1965 to 2005, the world’s population grew a total of 94 percent (between one and two percent annually). Ideality and population multiplied together (the IP index, where population is percentage of the projected maximum of 7.13 billion) increased 86 percent.
Assuming our economy has generated ideality and population growth, we paid mostly for population growth plus something else. Gross World Product per unit of IP index grew from $482 billion to $1,053 billion or 118 percent over 40 years (about two percent per year).
Through the 1960s, the world’s ideality barely changed from one year to the next, yet the Gross World Product and consumption (measured by the global ecological footprint) increased an average of five percent per year. By 1990, GWP was adding three percent per year and consumption was adding one percent per year, while ideality was still hardly changing. Now, GWP and consumption are both increasing at three percent per year while ideality remains effectively constant from one year to the next. From 1965 to 2005, GWP increased a total of 315 percent, consumption increased by 186 percent, and ideality decreased by four percent.
What has the world been paying for? From the viewpoint of happiness and life expectancy, our economic activity has been wasted and somewhat counterproductive. If we believed we were contributing to a better life, we were dishonest with ourselves or misled (an observation corroborated by the increase in ignorance indicated by the adjusted power measure).
Exponential growth, by its nature is unsustainable. Even if we could consume all matter, the amount of resources reachable each year (consumption) would ultimately be limited by the maximum speed that we could attain, and even with the most advanced conceivable technologies, the laws of physics won’t let us exceed the speed of light. Consequentially a population addicted to such growth is bound to be disappointed.
Gross World Product, the world’s GDP, tends to vary linearly with cumulative consumption (total mass consumed). Exponential growth in the world’s economy is therefore accompanied by an exponential growth in cumulative consumption and its attendant waste. As we approach the limits of our consumable resources and the speed with which we can access them and process them into usable products, our growth is rapidly impeded by the deleterious impact of the waste we cannot “externalize” (put in a place where it won’t harm us).
Those parts of our population that consume the most have chosen to put their waste in places where it does not directly affect them, causing others less powerful to deal with its burdens. As the world has become more integrated, the quantity of waste has grown beyond the ability of the poor to deal with it. Everyone must now deal with the consequences: In decreased health, violence against the polluters, and damage to global climate and biological systems which support us all.
Labeling on food and other products is one approach to providing knowledge to people when they make a buying decision, summarizing types of information such as contents and nutrition. Like the products themselves, there are competing demand for types of information, and except where government (as an agent of society) deigns to regulate it, the “market” tends to determine what is available.
The market and society have so far determined that most chemical compounds used in products do not need to be tested for their long-term health impact prior to being used. Now that people are discovering huge amounts of industrial chemicals in their bodies, this situation may change; but may enough awareness to influence demand come too late to avert the most serious possible outcomes (among them a massive health crisis)?
This discussion illustrates one possible explanation for the apparent increase in false knowledge over the past 40 years: a devotion to economic growth at the expense of due diligence in determining the impact of our actions on other people, thus providing information they would need to know to decide whether or not to support our growth.
There are two fundamental limits to future growth in ideality and population: power and knowledge. The apparent inability of adjusted power to get much above 50 in a period when energy has been cheap implies that the entire population is constrained in meeting more than one-fourth of its needs or at least half the population is destined to remain ignorant.
Power, the fraction of needs met, can be improved through technology, social cooperation (coordination of activity), and increased energy. Technology and energy have been ample, while cooperation has had a mixed record (consider, for example, the wars that have occurred since the 1920s, which exemplify attempts by a minority to horde resources and constrain the behavior of the majority). As we approach limits to energy and other resources, maximum power will tend to drop. Increasing levels of waste in our environment, which includes toxic chemical compounds and climate changing gases, are driving down the populations of most species and limiting ours through deterioration of health, natural disasters, and our dependence on those other species.
The ability of people to perceive the action required to meet their needs is a function of innate intelligence, access to complete and accurate information, and understanding of how the world works. This can be maximized through education (sharing knowledge), research (expanding the total amount of knowledge), and honest communication (sharing current experience). In my studies of theoretical populations, increasing everyone’s knowledge is the most reliable way to maximize happiness.
Based on a polynomial curve fit of happiness and life expectancy to per capita footprint, the steepest increase in population growth corresponds to the period since adjusted power first cleared 50, in the 1920s. Adjusted power leveled off until the 1960s, when it began a drop that corresponded to a slowing of population growth. There was a leveling of adjusted power around 45 between 1980 and 2000, followed by resumption in the decrease that I project will end about 10 years from now at about 40, when population growth will reach zero. Beyond that point, there are broadly two possible futures.
In the most unlikely scenario, driven by a lack of energy the population will drop to zero or near to it. The other scenario involves a drop in population, accompanied by increase in ideality and power (likely a result of the drop, because more resources will be available to the survivors – which they won’t be able to effectively use because of the lack of people for processing and distribution).
In an attempt to equate a typical population of people to an abstract, theoretical population, I endowed the abstract “people” with “intelligence” and “power” as tools for moving from an arbitrary starting position to an arbitrary preferred position (or “comfort zone”) with a range of allowed positions. Combining the possible values of intelligence and power into a single variable called “adjusted power” and recording the distances of the abstract people from their comfort zones over an arbitrary interval of time, I was able to define a mathematical function that related adjusted power to the average distance. I then identified a characteristic of the model population that was equivalent to “happiness” in a real population.
Applying this model to my consumption model, the point at which increasing world consumption corresponds to a peak in population occurs when the adjusted power reaches 50 percent, and the population declines to zero as adjusted power increases to 100 percent.
There are two possible scenarios for 50 percent adjusted power. In the first scenario, half of a population has an accurate sense of the direction they must “travel” to reach their comfort zone from their current “position,” while the other half thinks the direction is opposite from its true direction. In the second scenario, everyone knows the correct direction to go, but the maximum power (fraction of the required distance that can be traveled) is only 25 percent. In the first scenario, increasing adjusted power means making fewer people ignorant of the correct direction; while in the second scenario, it means increasing the average amount of power.
If current trends continue, we may have 13 years before the world’s population reaches a maximum of 7.1 billion people and then declines rapidly. This is due to an apparent correlation between consumption and population size: As ecological footprint increases, population peaks and then decreases. We can stretch the time until the population peaks by decreasing our consumption exponentially by two percent for 20 years; four percent for 30 years; five percent for 50 years; or six percent for 60 years (the latter resulting in 130 years to the population peak but a very low life expectancy of 31).
The amount of oil reserves remaining when the population peaks under business-as-usual conditions will be 33 years at the current production rate (it is presently 40 years). For each of the cases where we limit consumption the amount remaining at the end of the period will be 23-25 years of consumption at the current rate. These numbers imply that resource scarcity alone is not likely to be responsible for the decrease in population after the peak.
For my sample of countries, life expectancy seems to peak at about 75 years, corresponding to a peak in ecological footprint, marking what appears to be a condition of unstable equilibrium. Ideality, the average of life expectancy and happiness, likewise reaches a maximum of less than 80 and gradually decreases as happiness continues to increase. Could it be that there is a natural limit to humans, rather than our environments, that keeps us from living an ideal existence?
The least painful strategy for dealing with the depletion of a resource consists of simultaneously using less (allowing the current supply to last longer) while searching for alternative sources and replacements that will meet the same needs.
My projections indicate that if the world were to reduce its ecological footprint (corresponding closely to annual energy use) by five percent per year for 50 years, the Ideality index would drop to 40 (from 63) over that period; the IP index would fall to about 14 (from nearly 21); we would lose no population; and we would still have over 40 percent of our current oil reserves (part of over 80 percent of our fossil fuel reserves) to help find alternatives.
We would buy ourselves only 30 years if we reduced the ecological footprint by only four percent per year over that period. The Ideality index would drop to only 51, the IP index would drop to 18, and we would have practically the same amount of fuel reserves available.
The connection between ideality and ecological footprint allows us to estimate how the IP index has changed historically and how it might in the future.
Based on my projections of ecological footprint, the IP index rose above a value of one by 1750, and doubled by 1820. It doubled again by 1900, and by the mid-1950s it had reached a value of eight. The index doubled to 16 by 1990 and is currently growing at close to its long-term rate of a little over one percent per year.
Because of its dependency on ecological footprint and the close correlation of footprint with energy production, it is very likely that the IP index will peak soon after oil production peaks. Based on my projections of energy production, the IP index will reach a maximum of about 23 to 24 by the mid-2020s, and then drop to zero between 2030 and 2100 (most likely by 2050).
There are at least two major problems with only 200 million people utilizing all of the planet’s renewable natural resources, one practical and the other ethical. The practical problem is that we do not have sufficient technology for so few people to do what it currently takes billions to do. The ethical problem is, quite simply, what to do with those other billions of people.
Since an ideal world, as I’ve defined it, depends on maximizing of the number of people living an ideal life for a maximum amount of time, our success at creating such a world can be measured by multiplying the Ideality index (a measure of personal longevity and satisfaction) by the size of the population, and we can try to constantly increase the result over time. To link this new index to required resources, the population can be measured in terms of the number of people sustainable by a specific amount of resources per year, and 200 million is an obvious choice. By this standard, I estimate that by the end of this year the world will have an “IP index” of 20.8 (the Ideality index divided by 100 to get a fraction, times the ratio of the current population to 200 million: 63/100 times 6.59 billion/200 million). Crudely, this number can be thought of as a multiple of the population that the Earth can support living an ideal life.
A curve fit of per capita GDP to footprint yields values of about $250,000 per person for 100 years of life expectancy (7 times the current U.S. value) and $378,000 per person for 100 percent happiness (11 times the current U.S. value). The average of these numbers is the most likely actual value (based on the population-average of the sample countries under current conditions), or $314,000 (9 times the current U.S. value and 27 times the population-average of the sample countries). The average number of people who can be sustained by all available bio-productive land is 203 million people (168 million for life expectancy and 239 million for happiness), or two-thirds of the current U.S. population.
With a population of over 6.5 billion people, the world now has over 32 times the number that can live within the biosphere’s means under ideal conditions. Based on my sample of countries, the average of life expectancy and happiness (what I will in future refer to as the “ideality index,” measured in percent) is 67, or two-thirds of the maximum, with a footprint of over 2 hectares per person (according to the latest Living Planet Report by the WWF; in my sample, it is 2 for life expectancy and 5 for happiness, with an average of 3).
Based on curve fits of happiness and life expectancy to global ecological footprint, total happiness would be achieved with 47 global hectares per person, and 100 years of life expectancy could be achieved with 67 global hectares per person. If all bio-productive land were used by people (none available for other species), Earth could sustain 239 million totally happy people or 168 million people living to 100 years old. If we left 10 percent of bio-productive land for other species (a purely arbitrary number at this point), then under ideal conditions the Earth could support 150 million people (half the current U.S. population).
Based on this and the previous analysis, we can say that under ideal conditions, a population between half and one times the current size of the U.S. could be sustained within the natural capacity of the planet. The GDP per capita would be between 13 and 27 times the U.S. value in 2000 (where the latter number corresponds to 67 global hectares per person).
To reach a life expectancy of 100, I project that per capita GDP would need to be about $330,000. To achieve maximum happiness, the minimum is about $430,000. The corresponding consumption would be around 280 percent and 330 percent of the maximum footprint in 2003, respectively.
The projected consumption values correspond to 33 and 40 global hectares of bio-productive land per person. There are a maximum of 11.2 billion global hectares available if we stay within natural limits, limiting the Earth’s population to between roughly 280 and 340 million people living at a naturally sustainable level. For larger populations, either lifestyle will suffer for a large numbers of people or we will need to secure more resources.
Based on my sample of 43 countries, proportional increases in per capita GDP can be expected to equal or exceed increases in life expectancy up to about $2,000 (over this range, increases in resource use, measured by per capita ecological footprint, also either exceed or equal increases in per capita GDP). For happiness, this number is around $4,000.
Break-even for per capita GDP and life expectancy is about $27,000 and break-even for per capita GDP and happiness is about $24,000. Break-even for per capita GDP and resource use is about $6,000.
This data implies that economic productivity, as currently measured, translates into meaningful changes in people’s lives over a very limited range.
Per capita Gross Domestic Product, a commonly used indicator of a country’s production in monetary units, seems to track logarithmically with both happiness and life expectancy (especially the latter), which represent an individual’s quality of life and longevity, respectively. If we were to multiply (normalized) happiness by life expectancy, the result would be a measure of conformance to an ideal world, and would likely also vary logarithmically with per capita GDP.
These facts suggest that the difference between the world economy and an “ideal” economy may be as simple as the difference between a line and a logarithmic curve, where one is a crude approximation of the other.
If we are confronted with two or more choices that will not decrease longevity or quality of life for anyone potentially affected by the decision, the choice that offers the greatest increase in these parameters is the proper one. As I’ve already indicated, any choice that decreases longevity or quality should be automatically discarded. If all choices result in a decrease, and the decision is unavoidable, then some means must be found to offset the decrease. Although it may be all but impossible to precisely determine the impact of an action, we should use our existing knowledge and understanding, aided by society’s enforcement of accurate and full disclosure of information, to compare the impacts of different actions.
Many would probably argue that following these rules is difficult, if not impractical. I fail to see how doing so would be any harder than considering supply and demand, two other variables which virtually everyone in the world uses to make routine economic decisions. Economic activity depends on imperfect knowledge of the present and future behavior of supply and demand. Supply is loosely related to longevity, and demand is loosely related to both quality of life and longevity; so one pair of variables may even be translatable into the other pair.
Theoretically, my criteria for an ideal world can be characterized by two pairs of numbers. Each pair includes a measure of decision-related increase in longevity and a measure of decision-related increase in happiness (satisfaction); with one pair dealing with the individual most impacted by the decision, and the other pair dealing with the most people affected by the decision.
Practically, deriving such numbers (especially the pair dealing with the species) to any reasonable amount of accuracy for even the simplest kind of decision is all but impossible. Such a feat requires a comprehensive model of the world with current and comprehensive information about every part of it, not to mention computing power that far exceeds anything we are likely to ever acquire. Even approximations demand an unwieldy set of assumptions that may not even be testable.
Fortunately, since my criteria involve the maximizing of these four numbers, the minimum information we need to know when making a decision is whether or not all four numbers are negative. That is, we should reject any choice where one or more of the numbers is negative (indicating a reduction in longevity or satisfaction with life). For comparison, in our present system, buying decisions are typically made based on whether the individual buyer will be satisfied or not, representing the sign of only one of these numbers.
If people making a buying decision were directly aware of the benefits and costs to other people as a result of supporting a product’s production and distribution, the purists’ idea of competition might be workable. Consumers could then consciously choose to help or hurt others, as well as themselves. In an ideal world, producers would be forced to provide the information needed to do this. Of course if the world was in fact “ideal,” any product that caused harm would be outlawed.
The complexity of cataloging and projecting the impact of a product’s impact over its lifetime (resource extraction, production, use, and disposal or reuse) is more than most producers could handle on their own. Therefore, the effort would need to be distributed among everyone in the society (world), and coordinated in the most efficient way possible by an entity I believe would at least superficially resemble a centralized government. This solution also follows from the fact that there are vast numbers of products and people that would need to be simultaneously considered.
I can’t help but wonder if many of the world’s problems might be traceable to a lack of information sharing among the people of the world, as well as a lack of due diligence in its collection, assurance of accuracy, and interpretation.
As a type of product is used by many people, knowledge accumulates about its most important characteristics, how it can be used most effectively, and the consequences of its improper use. This information may be included with the product when it is sold. For example, food comes with nutritional information; and drugs come with information about proper use and warnings about potential side effects. For some classes of product, producers are legally required to provide this information, especially where physical harm could result from its misuse. In the best cases, consumers can gain just enough knowledge to determine how satisfied they will be with a product before they purchase it. All too often, however, almost no information is available at the point of purchase (where a consumer buys a product).
Because expectations for a product depend mostly on its intended use, this demand-related information will not necessarily address any larger impact beyond the individual consumer’s happiness and health. If minimizing the negative impact on other people, such as the use of slave labor and generation of pollution in the product’s manufacture, becomes important to enough consumers, the producer may consider changing production practices (thus “adding value” to the product) and then advertise the fact as “information” that will help drive up demand.
Economic purists would argue that the only legitimate way to make products support such goals is for the proponents of minimizing negative impact to convince enough people to value it as much as they do. “Public good” must thus compete with all other wants in an open market, and many people will likely get hurt (thus providing unavoidable information about this effect) before demand is significantly influenced.
Regulations have another distorting effect on the economy. Regulated businesses must pay for services (such as from lawyers and accountants) and products necessary to meet the regulations. Costs of all of the businesses’ products and services are likely to go up to compensate for loss in profits, and these increases are passed through the supply chains of businesses that use their products and services. Effectively, a supporting industry is created by and dependent on any given set of regulations, which arguably tends to reduce the efficiencies of everyone affected by them (by providing misleading indicators of supply and demand to the market through elevated prices).
I consider regulations to be “workarounds” (or quick fixes) to problems, rather than actual solutions. Like taxes that continue being levied after jump-starting demand for products based on new technology, they have limitations to their usefulness: They should just buy time until the required substantive changes to production practices are implemented.
In my view, a better role for government in the economy would be to ensure that consumers have complete, accurate, and useful information about what they purchase, above and beyond the vague rule-of-thumb indications of demand and supply that they get from price alone. This would in fact be one of the key roles of the “central processor” in my version of an ideal world, where people must be able to judge the impact of their actions on longevity and quality of life.
While sales taxes can be used as a blunt instrument for reducing the consumption of a particular type of product, they will not necessarily stimulate higher consumption of a favored type. If the proceeds of a sales tax or rebate of other taxes (“tax deduction”) are used as capital for producers of a favored type of product, the chances may be better than those in a free market that consumption of the favored products will increase.
There are several problems with this approach to controlling consumption. One problem is that sales taxes, if continued after the jump-starting of supply, could end up providing inaccurate information to the market (about demand and supply). Another problem is that the approach could result in the concentration of power in the hands of a small number of people who may not be able to anticipate and deal with unexpected consequences, or may use the power to their personal benefit rather than society’s.
Just about every industry in the U.S. is regulated to some degree (another reason that the existence of a “free market” is fiction rather than fact). Practices deemed harmful to people are penalized by fines, imprisonment, revocation of licenses, and other measures. This approach depends on accurate definitions of what is “harmful,” in both the nature of products and the activities involved in their creation and marketing. It also depends on fair and reasonable enforcement of the regulations. It therefore has the potential of also falling prey to the incompetent or irresponsible exercise of concentrated power. In addition, since government has its own economic requirements (it must acquire and keep resources so it can operate), additional regulations will result in an increase in the government’s influence on (and potential distortion of) the entire economy through increased taxes, its main source of income.
"Through the ruins of what once was plants grow in tightly nit clusters, vines choke the old charred rock and new life raises through the devastation. But yet some people linger within the deserted planet of Hezzikins, still watch from a far away distance never resting, never sleeping. Dreaming of a day when their true hopes and dreams can come true! Hoping that the old forum powers will somehow come back and start yet another war of propaganda and lies. But yet all is quiet now, Harkwood, the large land mass of tundra located on the planet Grome, is silent, the shelling has stopped, the once tyrannical tower is now but a silent monolith that over shadows the now free civilisation that had once been under its control.
We must turn away now, forget the past, and if anyone and I mean ANYONE, is reading this message I suggest that you turn away now. Forget these forsaken lands and the harsh history that it holds. Move on, start yourself a better life and accept that this place is but a dead corpse that needs only to be buried not dragged..."
(If you wish to contact Rico Harkwood you only have to look around the great vastness of Facebook where he currently relaxes under a nice, warm and relaxing sun. Sitting upon a lovely, sandy beach where he writes the odd piece here and there, draws the odd painting too).
Tip: Click on the Fairy Tail 448 manga image to go to the next page. You can use left and right keyboard keys to browse between pages.
Fairy Tail 448 released! You are now reading Fairy Tail 448 online. If you are bored from Fairy Tail manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like Fairy Tail 448 from our huge manga list.
You will be to recognize so as to fulfill all of the conditions for pieces of paper you can be allotted to produce There exist various principal types of school generating:
Each type offers a targeted way of tongue you may be to work with, and also a very specific goal to fulfill. Depending upon the design of educational generating, there are many numerous ordering and composing regulations that has to be adhered to to put together a solid newspaper. Weiterlesen →
Flush Door Designs-Fashionable interior architecture is getting more and more prevalent in an easy, elegant design. Current modern colors and furnishings silhouettes alongside more conventional…
The reply to that question is an obvious no. Punjab’s Congress government, in an act ofÂ useless censorship andÂ ridiculous policing, has determined to constitute aÂ Punjab Sabhyachaar…
Science has made vital breakthroughs in understanding how to maintain the brain wholesome. Very like an athlete that works his or her muscles by physical…
If you are trying to hire a mover, make certain they’re on the listing of permitted moving companies below. Check with us at Florida Moving…
Beautiful skin begins with a constant routine that incorporates one of the best skincare tips and merchandise. At the finish of the day, we look…
Infrequently, we prefer to review a few of the books obtainable for fogeys of school college students. Jon Taffer: Effectively, in life, we chase what…
People typically seek advice from conjunctivitis as red eye. For extreme dry eyes, punctal plugs can be placed in the drain openings, or punctums, of…
Creating the perfect master suite just received slightly easier. Who mentioned a master suite had to be all right angles? Their shorter counterparts visually break…
In case your child is in daycare, he is probably sick extra occasions than you care to consider, but coming down with one other chilly…
Dr. Aline Andres is an affiliate professor of developmental diet at UAMS. 1. Dish up foods wealthy in vitamins and minerals: Your child needs the…
The production of the On Load Tap Changers started in 1952 with the creating of the first Tap Changers of the series having modern construction developed on the grounds of the constructions of the Austrian organization ELIN-Union. These On Load Tap Changers were determined for the demands of the Bulgarian transformer manufacturers.
The series RS was developed in the period 1962-1963. Its later improved series RS 2 - 1964 and RS 3 - 1967 established the main trends in the development of the Tap Changers production in Bulgaria. The acquired during the years theoretical and experimental experience together with the experience in manufacturing and putting into exploitation created preconditions for a leap in quality and quantity. The series RS 3 significantly increased the export of On Load Tap Changers.
In 1963-1966 the production of C, D and F series completed with Motor Drive Units of the type MA 7 and MA 4 basing on the license of MR Germany. In 1973 samples of these apparatuses were made.
In the period 1973-1975, basing on the acquired experience, a new RS 4 series was developed for nominal current of 200 A, 400 A and 630 A and sequent voltage from 35 kV to 220 kV. These new Tap Changers marked a significant leap in the development and production of these devices and Bulgaria became the second largest world manufacturer of On Load Tap Changers.
Development and adoption of new series for general and specialized us: RS 5 (1983), RS 6 and RS 7 (1988).
Although RS 4 and RS 10 marked high technical, economical and competitive level, their improvement and innovation continued and in 1984 the new series RS 9 was adopted.
Since 1989 the main production of ELPROM TRAFO has used only the RS 9 type of On Load Tap Changers completed with MDU4 and their design and construction has been continuously improved and modernized.
Development and manufacturing of the On Load Tap Changer series RS 21 prototypes designed to operate in gas medium and introduction in regular production.
Development and manufacturing of the On Load Tap Changer series RSV 9.3 I 400 A prototypes and introduction in regular production.
Development and manufacturing of the On Load Tap Changer series RSV 9.3 I 550 A prototypes and introduction in regular production.
A data place stipulates the capability for many people to collaborate and share files which ought to be secure for many reasons. Truly, an promotion data space is a lot more cost-effective and reliable than classic techniques info exchange. Virtual data bedrooms are also called Deal Rooms. A digital info area is just a person of the greatest money you might make to be sure you’re instant in the response and to time. Ultimately, this allows corporations to save significant reports in an extremely protected central repository, ensuring they may be prepared and organized pertaining to everything that may arise before, during, or after a IPO. It includes advanced to become program to assist in the entire deal training, not really just designed for to accomplish homework. The simplest, the most beneficial and safe and sound means to take action is to start a digital info room.
By taking on an electric data space, the info is secure and privateness is guarded. Second, you have to produce a decision in regards to what facts to acquire found in your dataroom. In earlier times sharing details over the world wide web was not strictly regulated.
When you go to give your company, it merely turns into so much more painful. When you exit your company, you have got zero control over how that it is manage. It has the self-evident this is consequently since some businesses usually are prepared intended for the technological innovations. The business enterprise offers providers of distinctive forms from which you might select depending on the need. It might not have taken advantage of from the failure to file and it need to be their first violation of the Function. There are a lot of firms offering a selection of solutions for distinctive price levels right from which to pick out.
Conserve all the files you want to control your small business in a secure ambiance. Given that the company employs a VDR alongside multiple backups of all your records, through the present day, undoubtedly almost zero opportunity you will at any time shed nearly anything. Nowadays, a company desires another support to enhance its efficiency and enhance its efficiency and that support can only come to be supplied through technology. In the event that you aren’t pleased with the way issues are happening in your venture, afterward consider featuring it with IT support. When you get away your company, you have nil control more than the approach that it’s actually work. Acquire ready to show that most likely running a the case commercial enterprise.
Providentially, the services we’ve listed below have a great background of keeping data secure. Consequently, you’re here absolutely no cost to try lots of digital services and also to decide over the best one particular. The the majority of widely used on-line solutions are overpriced because of the simple fact they will waste various cash about advert.
Set up place will be exploited exclusively for interior objectives like operations of assistance between a couple of groups, it is very important to keep an eye on the actions of staff. Though digital data bedrooms provide you with various positive aspects, it isn’t right with respect to every single business. A digital package space, coming from diligence space, or data room can supply you all of the advantages of a document storage facility without needing to rent the physical space and physically organize the documents.
You will be more impressive whether it is also conceivable to give to deliver earlier an information space. A protect info space allows for you to safeguard the info when posting that with people who require it. Protected data areas give you the benefit of sharing the knowledge in addition to storage area and transmission. For additional information browse here www.jaddi-rijschool.nl .
There are different faces that you ought to understand about when it comes to taxing debt relief. Each of the solutions varies depending upon the financial status of the person, the debt amount, and other factors. The IRS provides options to people no matter their property, earnings, company, or employment.
Firstly, and primary, you can compromise agreements with the agency. Such method can help in getting rid of the charges attached to your tax financial obligations, consequently decreasing your tax liability. Because situations vary, it would be best to speak with Sarasota, FL trustworthy tax professional.
With the help of Sarasota professional, some taxes can be questioned, or you can present evidence to prove that you’re not efficient in paying off the fees and penalties. After settlement with the IRS, appropriate payment plans can be developed. Often, accounting mistakes and errors can lead to huge tax debts. You can choose an Installation Agreement and settle a portion of the financial obligation through personal loans carrying low interest.
If your monetary scenario is not that great, the IRS may approve an extension (short-term and long term) and when you’re circumstance has improved, you will now be obliged to pay your tax debts. You must also know that the charges are immediately added to your tax records therefore errors can take place. You can have the Internal Revenue Service re-assess your records, particularly if a relative passed away or when something awful has actually occurred to you and your family.
There are numerous Sarasota, FL credible companies out there that may have the ability to help you. These companies have qualified staffs that can assist you in coming up with the best method to use. If you’re having problems with tax seizures, liens, and wage garnishment, you sure might utilize their knowledge. Discover the best company now and fix your tax financial obligations.
Tax financial obligation relief is possible and IRS can assist you with your issue. That is, if you’re willing to face your monetary issues. The majority of people attempt to hide from the IRS representatives but this is not a great move. Rather of hiding, you have to negotiate with them and present proof to prove that you’re in financial crisis.
J.B. Underhill, CPA is a Sarasota, FL CPA firm offering accounting, bookkeeping, tax preparation and more to businesses and individuals. Call today to learn more!
FL-2017-04, Sept. 12, 2017 — Victims of Hurricane Irma that took place beginning on Sept. 4, 2017 in parts of Florida may qualify for tax relief from the Internal Revenue Service.
Wellness Program Incentives. Medical Insurance Reward Credits ($150) are available to employees choosing one of the county’s medical plans as well as to covered spouses also covered by one of the medical plans. Both the employee and covered spouse have the potential to earn the annual maximum of $150 in Medical Reward Credits.
Why Hire Us? Relief Solutions International has well over 30 years of combined Timeshare and Travel Industry experience. We are at the forefront of this quickly changing environment and we work closely with our clients because we are fully committed to meeting and exceeding expectations.
Imperial One Limousine offers Low Cost Limousine Services to the Clearwater & Tampabay Areas. Call us today 727-809-1209 Imperial One Limo is located in Clearwater, FL. 33755
A Better Solution Of Sarasota Services: Alzheimer's, Meal Delivery, Support, Transportation Counties: Sarasota Better Solution is a non-medical, home health agency that provides homemakers, companions and sitters for clients.
AllPro Home Health Services: Healthcare, Health Care Assistance Counties: Charlotte, Collier, DeSoto, Lee, Sarasota AllPro Home Health is a medicare certified home health agency, serving residents in Sarasota, Charlotte, Desoto, Lee and Collier Counties for the past decade.
Florida Citrus Tree Recovery Program. Available to citrus producers who maintain an active citrus farming operation and who suffered citrus crop damage as a result of Hurricane Irma.
Gateway to Tampa Bay area news, weather, radar, sports, traffic, and more. From WTVT-TV/DT FOX 13, the most powerful name in local news.
Water Cannon has sold top quality pressure washers-power washer parts and accessories-engines-pumps at the best prices. We carry top after market engine parts.
under sink soap dispenser soap dispenser bottle kitchen sink soap dispenser bottle home depot moen sink soap dispenser bottle.
kitchen sink soap dispenser extension tube 36 with check valve replacement bottle decoration parts in,kitchen dispenser under sink soap bottle lowes replacement extension tube kit,soap dispenser under bottle delta sink replacement hack moen,dispenser fabulous kitchen in built sink soap not working replacement parts for extension tube kit,dispenser detergent under delta kitchen sink soap bottle parts hand,kitchen soap sink dispenser bottle amazon replacement pump,sink soap dispenser lowes replacement kitchen parts moen under sinks,moen sink soap dispenser parts tifftateme extension tube dish kitchen replacement amazon,promotion built in sink soap dispenser not working bottle parts cheaper kitchen plastic delta,super kitchen sink soap dispenser bottle home depot how lowes to the replace hack diy a easy in.
chinese kitchen sink soap dispenser bottle home depot beautiful american standard parts decoration within grandma amazing mt never pump replacement,image soap of sink dispenser built in not working under kitchen delta replacement bottle,sink soap dispenser replacement bottle in 304 delta under steel stainless extension tube insink,kitchen franke sink soap dispenser bottle ideas parts replacement unique contemporary,sink soap dispenser replacement parts deck under bottle liquid mounted pump kitchen xueqin,bottle soap dispenser moen sink parts kitchen replacement lotion kohler,sink soap dispenser replacement install a kitchen how bottle amazon to under parts,under dispenser soap delta sink replacement bottle hack kitchen lotion,super kitchen built in sink soap dispenser not working diy easy to how a delta bottle replacement the replace,sink dispenser soap home depot kitchen replacement bottle delta under parts.
We have more Special DataSheet than other site. If, There is not a datasheet which searches, Request ! (It will updated in 12 hours.) GetDatasheet.com is a free electronic engineering tool that enables you to locate product datasheets from hundreds of electronic component manufacturers worldwide. All Data provided on this web site and the associated web pages is provided as is. It is intended to be for general information only, and is thus provided without any express or implied warranty or guarantee. It is the responsibility of the user or reader to ensure and confirm that this information is accurate and correct with the original publisher of the data sheet. Most of the data sheets below are in the "pdf" format so it would be adviseable to use Adobe Acrobat Reader.
We have more Special DataSheet than other site. If, There is not a datasheet which searches, Request ! (It will updated in 12 hours.)
ChipManuals is a free electronic engineering tool that enables you to locate product datasheets from hundreds of electronic component manufacturers worldwide.
if the result is not found or there are few results, try to search the component without its conctrete modification or packaging. For example, for searching documentation on MC3371D, it will be better to enter the line MC3371 or 3371.
Now that " Toy Story Mania " has finally officially opened on both coasts , Disney Parks & Resorts turns its attention to the next high profile project on the horizon. Which is that " American Idol Experience " attraction which is due to open at Disney's Hollywood Studios sometime in January of 2009...
Belgium is spreading about as well as any nation on Earth, according to data the Swiss bank Credit Suisse details in its new Global Wealth Report 2018. No other major society currently sports a distribution of wealth much more equitable than Belgium’s. How do we know? The new Credit ... Read more
Above Photo: From shareable.net A renewable energy cooperative, a community land trust, and a former church building publicly-controlled and used by nearby residents — these are just a few examples of about 500 urban commons projects that are thriving in the Flemish city of Ghent in ... Read more
July 8 to 10, 2016Buffalo, NY. Since the financial crisis and well before, social movements have bee<><>[...]
March, 2016 to February, 2017. Nationwide. We are thrilled that so many have responded with enthusia<><>[...]
June 19 to July 2,2016 Cuba: Cuba is poised to be the first country with cooperatives as a major par<><>[...]
October 21, 2015 Washington, DC. Come and hear from a panel of experts why public banking is a key t<><>[...]
Audition CC is a comprehensive toolset that includes multitrack, waveform, and spectral display for creating, mixing, editing, and restoring audio content. What is Audition? - Essential Sound panel - Adobe Premiere Pro 25th. 22 Nov - 7 min - Uploaded by Fred Madden Adobe Audio Editing Software cut version. Fred Madden. Loading Unsubscribe from Fred. 29 Sep - 4 min - Uploaded by Mike Russell Adobe Audition can be used to edit the stems of any music track. You can create remixes.
6 May - 9 min - Uploaded by Blake Uhden This video will show you how to edit audio in Adobe Audition CS6. The Filters used were. Adobe Audition (formerly Cool Edit Pro) is a digital audio workstation from Adobe Systems Adobe purchased Cool Edit Pro from Syntrillium Software in May for $ million as well as a large loop library called "Loopology". Adobe then. Adobe Audition, free and safe download. Adobe Audition latest version: Professional audio editor and post production suite. Adobe Audition started life as a.
12 Oct Although most video editing software does a decent job with audio, there's nothing like using a tool dedicated to manipulating sound. Back in. 10 Jul What It Is Adobe Audition CC What It Does Full-featured audio editing program with several new abilities. Where to Buy It. Adobe Audition 3 software is the all-in-one solution for audio recording, mixing, editing, and mastering. Whether you are creating your own music, recording and . Adobe Audition is an audio-editing tool developed by Adobe for Windows and for the latest news and updates for Windows, and for more of the latest software. 29 Jun After 30 hours spent using and comparing audio editing software, we've podcast to a larger audience), we recommend Adobe Audition CC.
11 Mar Audio editing software doesn't have to cost a fortune. It lacks a lot of the quality- of-life tools you'll find in Adobe Audition or Pro Tools, but in. What's missing? Complexity. Before our first test drive, we imagined we'd find a stripped-down version of Audition, Adobe's full-featured audio editing program. 8 Jun Don't let bad audio ruin your film. Sharpen your audio editing skills with these 8 great Adobe Audition tutorials. Adobe Audition Creative Cloud is incredibly powerful. Not only does it have all of the functionality of an audio editing program, but it also has the multitrack.
so I&apos;d like to save him for a larger purse. Rickie Fowler football correct score predictions site is also very high on my long-term performance index, gary Woodland presents the best mix of form and history. He&apos;d be my top OAD option but I&apos;ve used him already.football Betting, match odds 1x2, m provide tips on various betting football correct score predictions site type services like Asian Handicap, over/Under,week 11 s college football slate is absolutely loaded. When S P predicts a tie or a push (a tie with Vegas,)
losing the second fewest times of any team in England as far as the league is concerned. Liverpool will enter this match in third place in the Premier League. They have football correct score predictions site done very well for most of the season,halftime Fulltime, free soccer tips for today, free soccer predictions for today, today football correct score predictions site free soccer tips, free football tips, chelsea psg bet tips top 10 betting website, the best soccer betting tips and picks, free paid fixed matches ht-ft football matches Professional 12, correct, professional tips 12,
Arrangement of batsmen is very important to make a big target for opponent. So here we will provide ICC Champions Trophy South Africa vs Sri Lanka Astrology. You can check the team squads of SA and SL. WHO WILL WIN? VOTE HERE BENGAL WARRIORS 430 Vote.
Prediction: Eastern Michigan 34, Old Dominion 30 FINAL : Old Dominion 24, Eastern Michigan 20 Armed Forces Bowl: Louisiana Tech (8-5) vs. Navy (9-3) When: Fri., Dec. 23; 4:30 p.m. ET (ESPN ) Last meeting: Navy won 37-23 at Louisiana Tech in September 2010. Navy.
what if football correct score predictions site I could show you real insider systems that you can use from your own home and make more money than you ever could in your job using just your computer and the internet.Soccer odds comparison section at Odds Portal lets you compare soccer betting odds soccer betting lines to find the best odds!
Finals have been the ultimate stage for the tournament&apos;s definitive star, Ronaldo. The Portuguese powerhouse bagged a brace during last season&apos;s 4-1 win over Juventus, adding to the goals he scored in the 2008 final (for Manchester United) and in 2013 for Real against Atletico.
every weekday at 12 p.m. Check out Texas Football Today, the daily live show dedicated to Texas high school football correct score predictions site football and Texas college football!as he has 6 winning picks on todays matchups! Todays MLB BASEBALL card is football correct score predictions site one The Legends TOP SHELF, nBA Picks, mLB Baseball Picks, dont miss out on ALL our 2018 NFL Picks, college Football Picks, a GRADE CARDS he is famous for,21: Jordan Howard, and would be way higher if he football correct score predictions site wasnt out for three weeks with a hamstring injury. Chicago Bears. He will creep up these rankings each week that he gets closer to returning. He is still a stud, no.
home / ESC football correct score predictions site Chatroom Logins only accepted from Facebook,and he is a doubt. Steven Defour and Jonathan Walters are sidelined for the Clarets. Mohamed Elneny and Santi Cazorla are also ruled for the Gunners. Robbie Brady, chris Wood picked up an football correct score predictions site injury against Brighton,here you will find FREE weekly picks and betting predictions against the spread along with articles offering betting advice and strategies to help you become a better NCAA football correct score predictions site football handicapper! Welcome to the Predictem college football picks section!any of the above reasons could be cause for Football LOCKS.com to football correct score predictions site change its view of an NFL preseason prediction.
austin Hooper, jones is a no-brainer must start every week, and it&apos;s an even better sign that he football correct score predictions site finally scored a red zone touchdown last week. TE - LOW-END START : With Jacob Tamme still sidelined,so opposing defenses cant stack the football correct score predictions site box in the future. Buffalo Bills. Enjoy having this stud in your lineup. No. 7: Lesean McCoy, the positive in Week 3 for Anderson owners was that Trevor Siemian showed to be a capable quarterback,we also offer 2 all football predictions for saturday varieties to a standard tipping competition, basketball or Motor Sport, rugby, cricket, whether you like Football, aussie Rules, we cover it. Now into our 18th year m runs tipping competitions for over 50 different sports around the globe.
gudmundsson Forwards: Barnes, chelsea Team News, cork, tarkowski, westwood, long, ward Midfielders: Lennon, goalkeeper: football correct score predictions site Pope Defenders: Lowton, wood. Updates, and Facts.the best tips to help you win at sports betting. 18, what we offer? T C APPLY BETTING NEWS FOOTBALL TIPS SOCCER football correct score predictions site PREDICTIONS. Our tips and predictions are made by professional punters and can bring significant gains. You bet? NEW CUSTOMERS,
khalil Tate-Kevin Sumlin will be a hit. Arizona quarterback Khalil Tate will be right back in the Heisman football correct score predictions site Trophy discussion, kevin Sumlin will make an instant impact in his new home in Tucson. 7.assuming all of my free tracks were normal; none of them had a (RARE BAD DAY)) and you did not football correct score predictions site make any money using my picks; then surf my site.fixed matches site,100 sure fixed soccer matches, football correct score predictions site best betting site,college Football football correct score predictions site Bowl Picks 2016-17: Predictions for Every Postseason Game Bleacher Report Latest News,
college Football Bowl football correct score predictions site Predictions : Las Vegas Betting Odds,astrology, winning Percentage, bhavishyavani report. 3 June SL vs SA 2017 Match Prediction. Contents Today we are going to provide you 3 June SL s football correct score predictions site pesa betting tips vs SA 2017 Match Prediction, sri Lanka vs South Africa Who Will Win, toss Winning Chances,
take a look at our NAP of the Day section. VAAL BETTING TIPS. South Africa, you will find a lot of picks on every horse yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick race in UK, france, back our horse of the day and bash the bookies with us! UAE and USA.
vikings 23, the Lions dont pose much of a rushing threat, but Minnesota yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick will want to slow Matthew Stafford from the beginning and force turnovers to get the offense back on the field.
32 sleepers Previous Play ball! Watt&apos;s return to the Texans comes against Blake Bortles, wEEK 1 RANKINGS Quarterback Running back Wide receiver Tight end D/ST Kicker We&apos;ve saved enough to pay the premium for a top-end defense favored at home. Next Up: 2017 Fantasy Football Sleepers: 32 teams, the only quarterback to throw at least 16 picks in each of the past three seasons. (Getty yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick Images)) Previous Next J.J.1xbet soccer vista fa cup predictions by RonaldGomez yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick 15:33 786 8,445 Betting aid / strategy What the title says, say it here. Etc. Bad experiences post in the forum below. Bankruptcy rumours, by profibet 06:42 2,010 13,742 Bookie black list Horror stories can be posted here. Slow/missing payouts,
Heavy, thundery showers will continue across southern and south-western parts of the UK tonight, spreading across into the Republic of Ireland as well. Elsewhere and there will be plenty of dry weather around but mist and low cloud is likely to spread in from the.
Richo was impressive with 213 to just get the points against Tuddy whose resurgence continued with 203 of his own but it wasnt enough. Elsewhere Ben R pipped Adam in a high scoring thriller, Juzzy was untroubled by Davo and Steesh got the points against.
Soccer Bet Help Read up these useful tips for soccer betting. Soccer Partners More Soccer Links Search football teams, soccer players and competitions Match Previews and News Real Madrid vs Liverpool UEFA Champions League Preview Real Madrid vs Liverpool Real Madrid play Liverpool at the.
(Percent owned: 27.6, FAAB suggestion: 5-10 percent) As I mentioned last week, now is the time of the year to add handcuff running backs across the league. Rather than make this article 20 players long and put 10 of them in here, let. Chris Ivory.
some of yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick the more popular pay tables are listed below and will vary by casino.
a Liverpool win yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick could hand Jurgen Klopp his first ever European trophy and will ensure Liverpools return to the pinnacle of European success. While a win for Zinedine Zidanes side will make it an unprecedented third consecutive victory for Real Madrid,Hollywoodbets Sports Blog: Football.
astroXcel offers free marriage prediction, our marriage prediction astrology by date of birth free service is easy using our horoscope by date of birth service, indian Astrology can answer all about your marriage by date. We yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick can predict actual marriage date.most recently the Californian with speed figure that makes him a major player at this level. Dorr gets the acid test but looked superb winning his last yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick three, dr. Well have no play in the race but include all three in our rolling exotics.
one of the most important tips is yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick to not get carried away by big odds and adding too many teams to your BTTS and win accumulators.are you ready to scream on your favorite team? You will find Watch Sports Live as a reliable site to watch Manchester United vs yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick Chelsea without any lag. You can be sure that it doesnt affect the stream. We ensure our quality of the stream is stable. Even when the number of users is up and down like tide, pick a match, so,has been one of the form players this season and has to be considered at yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick this price.
the Chargers 48-year gap between Thanksgiving Day appearances is the longest yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick in NFL history. Who will play in his 15th Thanksgiving Day game this week, cowboys tight end Jason Witten, chargers are making their fifth appearance on Thanksgiving Day predictions for monday night football 2018 and their first since 1969.
also known simply as the Astro yahoo fantasy football live draft auto pick Tapestry is a generally daily forecast for all zodiac bet365 affiliate tipsters signs. It tells you of the planetary energy waves that we are all intertwined in. Astro Vibrational Tapestry -The Astro Vibrational Tapestry Report,
Dr. Barry Ryan is an experienced figure in higher education, having had successful tenures as President or Chancellor of various institutions, including Argosy University and West Coast University. He has also served as Provost of Regent University, as a fellow at the Supreme Court of the United States and currently as a commissioner for the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC). Dr. Ryan earned his PhD in European Intellectual History from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and his Juris Doctorate (JD) from UC Berkeley School of Law. He joined ITU’s leadership team in July 2016.
Dr. Amal Mougharbel, Department Chair of International Technological University Business Administration. Dr. Mougharbel has earned a global academic career through her experience in teaching in Universities in the Middle East, in United Arab Emirates, and in the States for 18 years. She was the system-wide accounting curriculum leader for 12 campuses in the United Arab Emirates.
In 2007, she earned a PhD degree in Business Administration from the "Université de Corse Pascal Paoli", Corte, France. In 1999, she earned a Master Science of Business Administration degree from San Francisco State University. In 1987, she earned a BA in Education with a concentration in French Language and Literature from the Lebanese University, Lebanon.
Before she pursued an academic career, she had been the accounting manager for 10years in local and international companies located in California. The role of accounting manager helps her bring her experience to the classrooms. She is a member of the American Association of Accounting.
Dr. Mougharbel interest is doing research in the Business area. She presented two papers in the Western Economic Association International – WEAI Conference, and the IAREP / SABE / ICABEEP Conference. In addition, she presented papers in France, Corte. She co-published two papers with a visitor scholar on Business topics. And she published two books: Current Accounting and Business Articles and Cases. And Arabic-English Accounting Dictionary for Arabic students based on their workplace.
Dr. Mougharbel is an alumni of WASC Assessment Leadership Academy (ALA) program, where she was trained on Academic Institutional Assessment.
Dr. Frank Aguilera is a senior engineer at NASA. His 40 plus year career has included positions in private industry and Department of Defense. His varied assignments have been as a researcher for technology developments and as manager of various state-of-the-art technologies and aircraft developments.
Early in his career he worked in wind-tunnel and flight test experiments of various advanced aircraft. In his mid-career he conducted operational testing of GPS receivers during initial constellation deployment. And he managed the development of an experimental aircraft. Most recently he has been involved in drone developments and associated autonomy research. One of his responsibilities at NASA includes overseeing aircraft airworthiness and flight safety.
Dr. Aguilera has been teaching at ITU for several years in both the DBA and MBA programs. Dr. Aguilera is a member of the following professional associations, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE).
Experienced Professor, Civic and community leader, Prof. Fel Anthony Amistad has a long list of accomplishments. Amistad is a holder of a Juris Doctorate and is a retired corporate executive with a business-law background. Amistad has over 25 years training in real estate and marketing, business and finance, and commercial and corporate finance. Prof. Amistad has 2 decades of experience in international finance, real estate investments, marketing, and corporate executive leadership. He is a licensed real estate broker with the California Bureau of Real Estate. He has negotiated multi-million dollar transactions, from condominium sales to commercial sales. He is also a licensed mortgage loan officer, originating tens of million of dollars in real estate financing.
Prof. Amistad was past CEO of City Bankers Mortgage Company, One Sansome Street, San Francisco, CA. He was also past President and General Manager Realty World- California Properties. He was past President and Real Estate Broker for Stanford Realty and Stanford Capital Finance, Burlingame, California. Among his volunteer work, Amistad served on the Board of San Mateo County FilAm Chamber of Commerce, on the San Mateo County Commission on Disabilities, Human Services Agency (2007-2013), and on Hillsdale High School Foundation volunteer committee. He is active in the non-profit sector where he served on the Stanford Alumni Association fundraising committee, PTA associations of San Mateo schools, and in other civic groups (past president of Lions Club, JayCees, District 15, Civil Grand Juror alternate, San Mateo County.) He is a member of the NAR, National Association of Realtors, CAR, California Association of Realtors, and SAMCAR, San Mateo County Association of Realtors. Prof. Amistad also worked for the Contra Costa Unlawful Detainer Action legal defense group.
A graduate of Stanford University, Prof. Amistad holds an advanced Master of Business Administration degree (MBA); University of Phoenix; JD, California Southern University; PhD, California Pacific University (2015) and BA Stanford University; University of San Diego credit, Microbusiness Technical Advisor, SBA and business loan specialist; and Post-masters degree certificate in Public Administration, Northcentral University.
Prof. Amistad was appointed a State Commissioner by California Governor Jerry Brown on Nov. 24, 2015. He serves as a Board member of the Professional Engineers, Land Surveyors, and Geologists (Dept. of Consumer Affairs).
Barbara Arnoldussen is an educator and a writer. She has taught at International Technological University (ITU) in San Jose, California since 2009. She received ITU's Distinguished Faculty Award in 2013. Her books include “First Year Nurse” and “Change Your Career: Nursing as Your New Profession.” She is a reviewer of “Nursing: A Concept-Based Approach to Learning, 3rd edition,” and is on its editorial board.
Barbara earned her Doctorate in Business Administration (DBA) at ITU, writing her dissertation on key factors of health management, focusing on eHealth education and self-care confidence. Her MBA from San Jose State University concentrated on program and project management. She interned in Management of Information Systems at the Center for Employment Training in San Jose, California. She received her BSN from Marquette University.
Barbara's clinical and management experience includes being leader of a team providing education for IRB activities, clinical coordinator of an integrated medicine clinic, consultant to a NASA team about patient safety reporting, quality improvement director for a university student health center and a VA medical center, research nurse in rehabilitation and in anesthesiology, and director of a non-profit medical clinic for young adults. She has directed successful accreditation efforts to satisfy The Joint Commission, AAAHC, and AAHRPP requirements.
I am a full time member of Business faculty at ITU. I primarily teach SAP courses. I am also responsible for building the ERP/SAP University Alliance Program on campus. I am also a contributor to ITU Business Department’s ACBSP Accreditation and assessment efforts.
An Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system is an integrated computer based application used to manage internal and external resources. The value of such ERP software is its ability to integrate multiple business functions such as Finance, Human Resources, Inventory Management, Sales and Distribution and many others. SAP is a market leader in enterprise application software. SAP stands for Systems, Applications and Products in Data Processing. Over 80% of corporates all over the world use SAP systems, and over 76% of revenue transactions touch an SAP system at some point.
ITU is a proud member of the SAP University Alliance, a global program, enabling over 3,200 educational institutions globally to integrate the latest SAP technologies into teaching. Upon successful completion of 3 or more approved ERP/SAP courses at ITU, students are eligible to receive a Joint Recognition Award Certificate from the SAP University Alliance and ITU. Several ERP/SAP courses also help prepare students for higher level SAP and/or other Business Certifications.
I bring to each class I teach, over 10 years of corporate experience in industries such as Utilities (Electricity, Gas, Communications, and others), Food Manufacturing, and Retailing, and others. My career has spanned several functional SAP modules such as Finance and Controlling, Materials Management, Fulfillment, Enterprise Asset Systems, Business Warehousing, and Business Intelligence Reporting. I have been consistently awarded for “Making Things Happen” and “Rethinking Business Processes”. My skills profile and core competencies include Financial & Managerial Accounting, Financial Planning, Reporting, and Analysis, Regulatory Compliance, Consolidation, Audit Liaison, Contract Reviews, and IFRS/GAAP Consulting. My classes integrate my professional experiences, latest SAP technologies as well as academic rigor to prepare students for a future in the corporate world. Students have found my courses of immense value in their career and we routinely bring real world industry questions to the classroom for discussions and case study analyses.
Outside of work, I enjoy traveling, reading, dancing and music. I am also active as an Area Director with Toastmasters International.
Jahan Ghofraniha got his undergraduate degree from Sharif University of Technology and his master’s and Ph.D. from the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada with specialization in pattern recognition, artificial intelligence, statistical and machine learning. He has over 20 years of industrial experience working in numerous application areas such communication systems, statistical signal processing, digital health and application of AI and deep learning strategies in disease prevention and predication. He was the CTO of health monitoring startup architecting and overseeing the implementation of advanced AI technologies to remote health monitoring system. He has also been involved in undergraduate and graduate level teaching at universities in Canada and the US for over 20 years. He has been an effective academic administrator as a dean of school of engineering at one of the private universities in the Silicon Valley where he revised the curriculum to be aligned with industry needs. He has been teaching advanced courses in application of machine learning and deep learning in engineering, computer science and business such as marketing and supply chain management. More recently he helped design a new STEM-based curriculum for business analytics at the graduate level with an emphasis on hands-on aspect at International Technological University in Silicon Valley. He has also been an invited speaker in local universities and technical societies and has conducted numerous workshops in the US and overseas. His area of research is in the advanced machine learning, Deep learning and AI with application in engineering and business. He holds two US patents and has over thirty publications.
Venkatesh Gopal, known to many as VG, has a Master’s in Chemistry and a Ph.D in Biotechnology from Anna University. His passion is to develop commercial products that would be of use to society and research should culminate in a tangible solution rather than an esoteric exercise. As a result, many of his projects has commercial implications – whether it is in Chemistry or Biology. Although he started out as a Chemist, he realized that Biology is nothing but chemistry in a micro-scale and that a biologist would be more effective with a background in Chemistry. He chose to undertake a research project in Biology for his Graduate studies and graduated with a Ph.D in Biotechnology.
For his master thesis he worked at IIT Madras to develop novel heterocyclic compounds on Doped-Alumina catalyst and his work during his graduate studies include developing a vaccine for a viral disease and projects on identifying biologically active compounds in medicinal plants that were and are used a medicine in Siddha and Ayurveda even today. He investigated the medicinal properties of P. amarus for the treatment of human Hepatitis B virus.
He later joined the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology where he investigated the differential regulation of hormone receptors – progesterone and estrogens in endometrial cancer with emphasis on the mechanism of regulation of these hormones in breast and endometrial cancers. His other works include investigation of transcriptional regulations of cAMP regulated genes in diabetes and global transcriptional regulation in yeast models to understand the complex regulation of genes and the role of transcriptional factors in regulating genes at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, TN. When an opportunity presented itself to pursue his passion of commercial products he completed a collaborative project with Pfizer in the development of a block-buster drug – Viagra®. During this research project, he independently derived the mechanism of action and the underlying cell signaling pathway – both cAMP and cGMP pathways. He held a research scientist position at Vanderbilt.
Transitioning from academic research to commercial drug discovery and development, he joined Applied Biosystems (now part of Thermo Fisher) he worked with almost all major pharmaceuticals in the US and helped developed high throughput and high content assays for the identification of drug-able targets for further development. He worked as a technical sales and business development roles for GE Healthcare and BD Biosciences while working with major pharmaceuticals and biotechnology companies: from drug discovery through development and commercialization.
When the Silicon Valley’s entrepreneurial bug infected him, he took a risk and joined his school mate to start a healthcare and medical device product development. At Vignani, as GM of Healthcare, conceived, developed and patented a stem cell isolation device for use in clinical settings. He implemented Quality Systems to meet ISO 13486 during this period and also consulted for a company in Slovenia to develop markets for bioprocessing products both in US and in India.
Currently he directs Sales and Business Development for products and services for Kerry, a company headquartered in Ireland and manages the US West Coast business.
VG has been teaching Healthcare and Bio Management courses since 2009 at ITU and is a passionate teacher. His teaching philosophy is based in kindling the inquisitive nature innate in the students and guide them toward developing their curiosity toward meaningful outcome. Tapping into the vast experience from successful commercial organizations his courses provide insight into the current trends and best practices in the industry to enable students to be productive employees and build their careers successfully.
Dr. Guim has worked for private industry and government agencies including ATARI, Southern Pacific Communications, GTE Sprint, Bank of America, the Office of Economic Planning, Policy and Research (State of California), and the Division of Ratepayer Advocates of the California Public Utilities Commission. Currently, he teaches business administration and research methods courses at the undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral levels in local universities.
Dr. Guim has B.A. and M.A. degrees in economics, and M.S. in environmental management from the University of San Francisco; M.A. in education from Stanford University; and a doctoral degree in education (organization and leadership) from the University of San Francisco.
Dr. Guim was chair of the Business Administration department for 14 years at the National Hispanic University. He does consulting work in educational and organizational development with local and international educational and development agencies and universities (including Peru, Chile, and Taiwan). His research interests include the application of phenomenological and hermeneutical concepts for business, technology, education, and the arts.
I hold a doctorate from Nova Southeastern University (DBA in Information Technology Management, Nova Southeastern University, 2005). Prior to earning my doctorate, I was the operations manager of Avis (our franchise car rental agency) in Tampa, Florida for several years.
I did work for several universities (Quinnipiac University, the American University in Dubai (AUD), Bethune Cookman University, and the University of Tampa) among others. I like technology and teaching with it. Technology is bringing more challenges. To me it is the remarkable equalizer because it addresses all students in spite of the learning style and ability. I’ve been involved in teaching and developing courses for online courses for over 7 years. I was awarded a Certification by Sloan C Consortium in Online Teaching (June 2013).
I did author several journal articles and contributed to the previous edition of the textbook Decision Support and Business Intelligence Systems. I am frequently invited to present my research at national and international conferences. My current research interests include Knowledge Management, information systems success and strategy, and ethical impacts of information technology (IT).
Karen Haley Allen, M.A. Organization Development - USF, has 20+ years’ experience in leadership development, organizational change, coaching, and learning. A lifelong learner, she focuses on bridging people with the knowledge, skills, and strengths needed to succeed in leading organizations and teams, managing change, and fulfilling their life mission.
She coaches leaders and their teams in holistic Change Management - focused on managing people through change, building communication strategies, and engaging stakeholders in cultural shifts. She is inspired and committed to working with leaders and international organizations to implement leadership and transformational change programs to align their business success with values and purpose that is sustainable and serves the Worldwide communities.
Karen teaches at the University of California, Berkeley in the Leadership and Management and Human Resources Programs as well as in the MBA leadership programs at International Technological University. She was a Lead Faculty member and adviser in the School of Business, Education and Leadership at Dominican University, teaching courses including Strategies for Leading Change and The Soul in Business.
At ITU, she supported the launch of the ITU Toastmasters Club, sponsored by Dr. Amal and co-founded by Professor Patty Wiggin. Karen has been a Toastmaster for 15+ years, serving as Club President, VP of Education and VP of Marketing. She has appeared on TV Toastmaster Time several times.
Karen has taught High Performance Leadership and Organizational Leadership Theories at ITU, since joining the faculty in January, 2015. She is honored to be teaching Organizational Leadership Theories Spring Trimester, 2016 as an online course.
Karen founded HALEY ALLEN ASSOCIATES - Our mission is to challenge and empower leaders and their teams to align their deepest values with business results. She facilitates retreats and leads groups through workshops, webinars and seminars – Building Trust to Get Results, Managing Through Turbulent Times, and Leading with Spirit.
Specialties: Leadership Development, Organizational Change, Creativity, Performance Management, Conflict Communication, Group Dynamics and Facilitation, High Performance Teams, Learning Systems, Motivational Speaking, Spiritual Coaching, and Culture Transformation.
Dr. Magdy M. Hussein is an author, scholar and a speaker in area of organization effectiveness and leadership. He has 25 years of engineering experience in broadcasting system engineering, Computer networking, and medical equipment industries.
He earned his PhD in Organization and Management from Capella University, a Master of Business Administration from University of Phoenix, and a Bachelor of Science in Educational Engineering from Helwan University in Cairo-Egypt.
Dr. Hussein is a member of the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP). He serves as a senior advisor for many consulting firms in the States and as a board member Mercy-USA a national humanitarian relief organization.
Dr. Ramesh Konda is currently the Professor and Assistant Chair of Business Administration department. He has over 20 years work experience in small to large corporations. He has held various positions through out his career that include Senior Management level.
Dr. Konda has Ph.D. in Computer Information Systems, M.B.A., and M.S. in Industrial Engineering. His work experience includes in the areas of Information Systems, Software Development, Database Management, Data Analytics, Data Mining, Business Analysis, Quality Assurance, Quality Auditing, Manufacturing Processes, Six Sigma, Project Management, and Knowledge Management.
Dr. Konda is a Fellow of the American Society for Quality (ASQ). He is also a certified quality engineer (CQE) and certified quality auditor (CQA) from ASQ. Dr. Konda's papers were published in conference proceedings and International journals. He is currently serving on the editorial board of International Journal of Quality & Reliability.
Parimal Kopardekar (PK) serves as NASA's Senior Technologist for Air Transportation System where he develops concepts and technologies to increase efficiency of current operations and enabling future airspace operations. He also serves as the Principal Investigator for UAS Traffic Management (UTM) to safely enable large-scale UAS operations in the low altitude airspace.
He managed Safe Autonomous System Operations project, which is focused on autonomy/autonomicity in civil aviation, as part of the Airspace Operations and Safety Program. The project's goal is to develop gate-to-gate concepts and technologies aimed at improving aircraft and airspace efficiency, capacity, mobility, throughput, reduce delays, and overall airspace operations productivity. His portfolio covers technologies for flight deck, airline operations center, and air navigation service provider. He is particularly passionate about identifying and initiating high-risk and high-reward, game-changing, and disruptive innovations.
He is recipient of numerous awards: NASA Exceptional Technology Achievement Medal, NASA Outstanding Leadership Medal, NASA Ames Honors Award for Project Management, NASA Ames Engineer of the Year, and AIAA Distinguished Service Recognition Award. He has published more 40 articles with two best paper awards. He holds Ph.D. and M.S. degrees in Industrial Engineering and Bachelor’s degree in Production Engineering. He also serves as the Co-Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Aerospace Operations.
He served as an adjunct faculty at Rutgers University, Drexel University, and Atlantic Cape Community college where he taught graduate and undergraduate level courses related to management, engineering, and statistics.
Dr. Esmail Rahimian has extensive experience leading transport, tech recruiting, and business consulting companies, As the CEO of his own transportation business for thirty years; he modernized the technology platform, cut costs, expanded margins, and grew the customer base by igniting partnerships. His current venture is a consulting group serving the needs of the growing businesses of Silicon Valley. He has served as a board member of a local no-profit organization for the last five years to empower the youth of our communities in the underserved areas. He has volunteered as a Certified Senior Mediator with the Office of Human Relation at the County of Santa Clara and Bay Area’s Project Sentinel. He has also been teaching part time at a local University since 1994.He is an ultra-runner, and a certified Tai Chi Master. He holds a PhD and a Masters of Arts in Management in addition to a Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics.
Dr. Nik Tehrani PhD, MBA, is Vice President of Business Development of DynoSense Corp., and has over 25 years’ experience in business management, marketing, and supply chain development and implementation. He has also over 15 years of teaching experience as a lecturer and professor at various universities in the San Francisco Bay Area. Prior to DynoSense, he was President and CEO of Savitron, Inc., an Electronic Manufacturing Solution Company; Global Director of Program Management at Sanmina-SCI, a leading EMS provider; Managing Director and Founder of Majital Solutions, a marketing and engineering consulting company; and Vice President of Marketing and Engineering of ACI, an Electronic Manufacturing Company. A mentor and doctoral student advisor, Dr. Tehrani is also author of several textbooks and peer-reviewed journal articles.
Mark currently owns and operates his own financial consulting and advisory firm, Walsh Financial Consulting.
In addition to teaching at ITU, he serves as a senior adjunct finance professor at Golden Gate University in San Francisco. For the last several years he has taught graduate and undergraduate courses in corporate financial management, treasury and personal financial planning.
Prior to becoming a financial advisor Mark spent twenty years in corporate financial management. As a Consulting Manager at Ernst & Young, and later at Capgemini, he implemented world-class financial information systems for leading global businesses. His clients included: Neiman Marcus, ViewSonic Corporation, Dell Computers, Ascend Communications, IP Wireless and others.
Before working as a consultant, he served as Corporate Controller and Division Controller for several high-tech, manufacturing companies, one of which he helped to build into a public company. Mark started his career with Peat Marwick (now KPMG) as an auditor. While there he lived and worked in London, England for two years as part of their international exchange program.
He is a Certified Financial Planner ®, Chartered Life Underwriter ®, Certified Public Account, and certified Project Management Professional (PMP). He holds a Masters in Financial Planning from Golden Gate University, an MBA from California State University, and a Bachelors of Science in Accounting and Finance from the University of California at Berkeley.
Patricia Wiggin is Core Faculty in the Business Department. She enjoys teaching classes such as Organizational Leadership Theories, Business Communications, Managing Emotions and Persuasive Effectiveness. Through teaching and as an advisor for the ITU student Toastmaster’s club, she enjoys contributing to each student’s personal and professional development. Patty received the ITU Distinguished Faculty award for 2014-2015.
Working for over 30 years in the Medical Diagnostics industry, most recently with Siemens Corporation, Patty’s career includes positions in Product Management, Marketing, Communications, and Training.
Patty is also a Doctoral Student at ITU. She has a BA in Business Administration and an MBA from ITU. Living in the San Francisco Bay Area, she is married with one child, volunteers in Christian youth mentoring programs and loves art and travel.
Faculty Title - Any -Adjunct FacultyAssistant ChairAssistant Department ChairCore FacultyCore Faculty, Assistant ChairDepartment ChairInterim Department ChairProvost
Click on the videos below to watch a guided tour of some of the grounds and buildings at House Of Joy.
You are here: Home / Lessons in creating and simplifiying / A reflection on creativity, one year later
My husband and I chose to make our theme for 2013 Create & Simplify. Earlier this week, I wrote about the Simplify half of our theme. You can read about it here. This is my attempt to describe the Create side of our theme.
I was so excited going in to last year knowing I was going to focus on creating. I thought of myself as a closeted creative person, and I thought all this secret talent needed was a little focused time to give it some polish and make it shine. What a lark! I thought. It’ll be fun. I thought I’d unearth hidden gems of brilliance if I just looked.
I quickly learned that being creative is hard. Being creative and then sharing it with others takes lots of everyday courage. And I had no idea. Because to attempt something creative is to take a risk. And taking any kind of risk puts you face to face with all the voices inside you that typically keep you back in the safe zone. And when you’re not practiced at it, even the smallest act of public creativity (I’m talking seriously small, people, as in making curtains with fabric you picked out and then showing people and writing about it) represents a victory over a negative voice.
I could almost write a book on this topic, but I’ll limit myself to the three of the biggest voices that spring up as soon as inspiration strikes.
Voice #1: One of the first voices I had to confront was the voice that said, “This DIY/decorating interest is stupid and fluffy.” I think of this interest as a hobby. And hobbies are meant to be fun and playful. I can’t defend it as being of huge importance to the world, but being drawn to beauty and wanting to highlight it in small ways isn’t entirely fluffy. I could learn an instrument, I could take painting classes, or I could explore my decorating hobby. For whatever reason, DIY/decor is what I’m drawn to and where I choose to explore beauty. And that alone is good. I’m learning not to judge it so harshly.
Voice #2: “This (fill-in-the-blank) project is a waste of time and money.” As I’ve shared in other posts, I’m frugal to my core. It was hard for me to spend money on this hobby, especially on a project that might not work out. But I quickly learned I had to allow for waste. Waste is an inevitable byproduct of something in its beginning stages, and it’s useful. Waste is a sort of failure. And there is much to learn from failure. So yes, I wasted some money on projects that didn’t work out. And we routed one door with the hinges facing the wrong way when we replaced our old doors. But if I only stuck to what I already knew I could pull off, I wasn’t taking a risk, and I wasn’t reaping the benefits of overcoming that risk. And my projects that didn’t work weren’t a net waste to the planet—there’s always the Goodwill and Craigslist—they were a waste of my small House Over Head budget. But not really. Because I learned as much from the things that didn’t work as from the things that did. And I’m getting better at avoiding the biggest wastes.
Voice #3: Then there was the ever present, “What makes you think you have any talent here?” Or “Who do you think you are?” This is a universal lie that attacks all of us, and one on which shame and vulnerability expert Brené Brown has insightfully written. It is a voice I am leaning to stare down and ignore, because it will keep me from ever doing anything I could be proud of. The podcast from On Being of Krista Tippett’s interview with Brené Brown quickly became a favorite soundtrack for long walks. Here’s the transcript with a link to the podcast. I highly recommend that you become familiar with it.
When you’re not practiced at it, and probably even if you are, the creative process requires perseverance. At the end of the summer, a good friend invited me to Canvas and Cocktails, one of those places where an artist/cheerleader leads a group of reluctant amateurs through a step-by-step process in order to paint a canvas that looks exactly like the leader’s, all while imbibing cheap drinks. It’s billed as fun affair with friends, and I expected to love it.
And I almost did, except that I spent a lot of the evening fighting frustration. All of us novice painters were, and the people running this business knew we would be. The whole time we were painting, they were playing loud, feel-good music, the likes of which you here during the breaks at a football game. Every song was a sing-along, and the artist/cheerleader spent half of her instruction time assuring us we could do it and helping us lighten up enough to follow her simple instructions.
I had just seen this graphic describing the creative process by Marcus Romer, which was shared by Susan Cain, author of Quiet, The Power of Introverts, and I couldn’t help but think the purpose of the cheap drinks, loud music, and perky leader was to hurry us through stages 3, 4, and 5 before we could throw down our brushes.
So I approached this experiment to create expecting to discover the physical goods I would make—the glowing after pictures of completed projects, the rooms transformed, the furniture saved from old, dark basements. But I quickly learned that the creative process is immensely valuable for the goods it produced in me. I need to confront those negative voices, because they lurk in unexpected places and keep my life smaller than I want it to be.
I’m hoping that overcoming these small risks in a safe arena will help me overcome bigger, more challenging and more rewarding risks later. So, even though it won’t be fun, I think you should force yourself to create too.
Filed Under: Lessons in creating and simplifiying, Popular Posts Tagged With: Create, simplify, yearly theme
Company Stegall Lyn Insurance Agency Inc described in our catalog in the category Insurance. You can call Stegall Lyn Insurance Agency Inc company by phone (281) 496-3200 and seek at 11854 Westheimer Rd, Houston, Texas
Review of Pyramid Village by Very quiet and peaceful. Workers are super friendly especially the gal on 3rd shift 09/20/2018 6:25 am,
Review of Frensley Jeffery S Attorney by Jay Johnson I was raped by another patient in a hospital in Nashville, Tennessee. The hospital is called Skyline Madison Campus. The nurses covered up my rape, si... 08/21/2018 12:10 pm, Jay Johnson
Review of Hairston Thomas Auto Sales & Service by Travis Tucker I spoke to the owner's son who is now in charge of the business. He hung up on me twice when asking general questions bout fixing my headlight. I have... 06/22/2018 12:37 am, Travis Tucker
This piece is for the people who say, Oh, yes, Ursula K. Le Guin – I really don’t read sci fi. Or, Ursula K. Le Guin, I just love her sci fi novels. Who in either case may not know that this was as fine and thoughtful a poet as any in our time, and essayist; literary critic and public intellectual; and gifted translator. If you’re a poet, a novelist, an essayist; if you’re a reader, and you do not know this side of Le Guin — what a wealth awaits you. Links at the end for the books mentioned are of course not to Amazon, but to IndieBound or Abe Books. For in print books, check with your local independent bookstore.
When we met, I had only two of her books on my shelf, specifically on the feminist book shelf: Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places (1989), that was browning around the edges, and the more recent The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination (2004). I knew her name, of course, but I had to pull the books out to remember my own connection to essays I had savored—
“A Left-Handed Commencement Address” (reminding me she had written a novel called The Left Hand of Darkness and now saddening me I never thought to ask, or notice, if we shared left-handedness? or perhaps, absurdly, was that what she saw in me?)
— To remember the vitality, the little jolt of pleasure and heightened awareness at this original, familiar, intimate voice. These were talks at college commencements, library openings, reviews, occasional pieces.
I am a man. Now you may think I’ve made some kind of silly mistake about gender, or maybe that I’m trying to fool you, because my first name ends in a, and I own three bras, and I’ve been pregnant five times, and other things like that that you might have noticed, little details. But details don’t matter. If we have anything to learn from politicians, it’s that details don’t matter. I am a man, and I want you to believe and accept this fact, just as I did for many years.
As I read that now, the first essay in The Wave in the Mind, I remember sitting up a little straighter back in 2005 or 2006 as I thought about my mother and the pride she took in thinking like a man, playing the piano like a man, scoring on an IQ test better than any man in our family, joining the men after dinner to talk about real things. That toxic pride that Ursula names and – I’m reaching for a verb, there might have to be a new one – Ursula-izes – in five pages, ending with
Sometimes I think I might just as well exercise my option, stop short in front of the five-barred gate, and let the nazi fall off onto his head. If I’m no good at pretending to be a man and no good at being young, I might just as we ll start pretending that I am an old woman. I am not sure that anybody has invented old women yet; but it might be worth trying.
Lest you think the essays are all of feminist interest only, there are as many bracing, revelatory pieces about writing and poetry, about the imagination and about our society.
May Sarton is a mere septuagenarian, but count her title list with awe. This is a writer, this is what writers do: fourteen volumes of poetry, seventeen of fiction, two books for kids, and seven books of essays. (Ah, Ursula recognizing kin. I wonder if Sarton was anywhere near Le Guin in the other realm, the one I entered, correspondence and poems and thoughts exchanged with writers whose names I am only beginning to learn about as we each step out of our cherished private, closely held, miraculous friendships to write a short post, an essay, a tribute.)
The newest of the lot, Letters from Maine, is mostly easy-going…one may be soothed by the conventionality…but look out. Sudden authority rings like sword steel.
I began re-reading Letters from Maine last spring with a plan to write a “Throwback Thursday” review at the request of Glass: A Journal of Poetry. Always meant to ask Ursula what she thought of Sarton. And Levertov – for some reason I was a little wary of asking her about Levertov, afraid she might not find as much to like as I had. But I needn’t have hesitated — here is what I find in that 1984 essay:
Denise Levertov’s mastery—more than mastery, because she is one of the originators—of contemporary poetic form, informed by a fierce, generous intelligence, can be frightening. This is the charged, overloaded poetry of the age, demanding more of the reader than most of us are willing to give, so we don’t read poetry, we read a thriller or something, and oh, what dolts we are, what wasters of our own rief time—to miss this tenderness, this kind companion in hard times, not trying to sell us anything or scare us or fool us, but going along with us.
And besides, if we did disagree – she disliked the poetry of some of the usual gods we lesser mortals genuflected for, like Seamus Heaney, and even Emily Dickinson! – that would have been fine, too. Actually, she would have been curious about what I found to like, and I would have wished I had more to offer than received wisdom and the line about digging with a pen.
The Wave in the Mind takes its title from a letter by Virginia Woolf (writing to Vita Sackville-West, 16 March 1926) that Le Guin quotes at the beginning of the book and that I would like to commit to memory:
As for the mot juste, you are quite wrong. Style is a very simple matter: it is all rhythm. Once you get that, you can’t use the wrong words. But on the other hand here am I sitting half the morning, crammed with ideas, and visions, and so on, and can’t dislodge them, for lack of the right rhythm. Now this is very profound, what rhythm is, and goes far deeper than words. A sight, an emotion, creates this wave in the mind, long before it makes words to fit it; and in writing (such is my present belief) one has to recapture this, and set this working (which has nothing apparently to do with words) and then, as it breaks and tumbles in the mind, it makes words to fit it. But no doubt I shall think very differently next year.
Another topic I wish I’d raised with her. When I was planning a workshop on walking and poetry, where indeed part of the point is the rhythm that walking provides, we did discuss the effect of/interaction of walking and poetry, but not that wave in the mind, which I am feeling a bit right now. Rhythm, with a little vertigo.
From 2010 to September 25, 2017, Ursula wrote a blog on topics ranging from the political to the literary, the universal to the personal (the personal often in the person of the cat Pard and his annals (with wonderful pictures). Many of these pieces have been collected in a volume published in December, 2017 and titled for her second post, in 2010, No Time to Spare:Thinking About What Matters (collected and introduced by the celebrated fiction writer Karen Joy Fowler). The title piece was occasioned by a question on the Harvard 60th anniversary survey, “What do you do with your spare time?” You can imagine what Ursula thought of that. (In the introduction to “The Hope of Rabbits: A Journal of a Writer’s Week” she writes “I attended a women’s college that was embedded like a seed pearl in a gigantic male oyster.”)
Online, the blog is in separate pages by year, from http://www.ursulakleguin.com/Blog2010.html (the beginning) to http://www.ursulakleguin.com/Blog2017.html#New (the last). Pieces included in the book are deleted, a link to the book added, but there is still much here to savor that apparently did not get included, including much about Pard (with the lovely pictures).
Oh wait – I should have known that in the many and multifarious ways of UKL (or her digital accomplices), the posts with the “annals of Pard” tag would be collected in one place, here http://bookviewcafe.com/blog/tag/annals-of-pard/ . Full of delight and uncanny insight into the mind of a cat, these are in the same league as Don Marquis or E.B. White.
Many of these pieces are laugh-out-loud funny – for example, “#44. People I don’t want to hear any more about.”
But the blog pieces are also the reflections of one of our great public intellectuals wrestling with the major events of our time – the place of religion in our lives (“An Attempt to Think as a Free Thinker”), the occupation of the Malheur Refuge headquarters (“#110. Thirty-Five Days”), a piece about the 2016 election (“119. The Election, Lao Tzu, a Cup of Water” that concludes with this:
The flow of a river is a model for me of courage that can keep me going — carry me through the bad places, the bad times. A courage that is compliant by choice and uses force only when compelled, always seeking the best way, the easiest way, but if not finding any easy way still, always, going on.
The cup of water that gives itself to thirst is a model for me of the compassion that gives itself freely. Water is generous, tolerant, does not hold itself apart, lets itself be used by any need. Water goes, as Lao Tzu says, to the lowest places, vile places, accepts contamination, accepts foulness, and yet comes through again always as itself, pure, cleansed, and cleansing.
Running water and the sea are models for me of patience: their easy, steady obedience to necessity, to the pull of the moon in the sea-tides and the pull of the earth always downward; the immense power of that obedience.
I have no model for peace, only glimpses of it, metaphors for it, similes to what I cannot fully grasp and hold. Among them: a bowl of clear water. A boat drifting on a slow river. A lake among hills. The vast depths of the sea. A drop of water at the tip of a leaf. The sound of rain. The sound of a fountain. The bright dance of the water-spray from a garden hose, the scent of wet earth.
This is followed by a poem, “Meditation”. I am sure I am not alone in finding great comfort in this piece, and in Lao Tzu, in such times as ours.
“Matter” is a word that matters to Le Guin, I notice as I look at the two most recent essay collections, No Time To Spare and Words Are My Matter: Writings about Life and Books 2000-2016”.
The latter I was not aware of until I saw it in a display on the front counter at Flyleaf, my local Chapel Hill independent bookstore, shortly after Ursula died. Although she would often email me a poem she was working on (amazingly, to ask my opinion!), she almost never announced her new publications. So I assumed the book was a combination of some earlier essays from The Wave in the Mind plus some written since. It turns out there is one repeat (“The Operating Instructions”), but mostly these are all previously uncollected, just that mere fraction of what Ursula Le Guin was doing over the last decade and a half. The table of contents shows the range, and if it does not tempt you to go to your local bookstore and get the book, then – well, I don’t know. Here’s the list for the first section:
The book reviews include pieces on Margaret Atwood, Geraldine Brooks, Italo Calvino, Margaret Drabble, Barbara Kingsolver, Doris Lessing, and Donna Leon (Donna Leon! oh my, oh damn, how did I not know she read my favorite mystery writer?). And at the end, a gift, for anyone who has gone to a writer’s retreat, “The Hope of Rabbits: A Journal of a Writer’s Week,” about her time at Hedgebrook. In the introduction to that diary there’s what I believe will be all that needs to be said — and without ranting — about the virtues of handwriting, in part:
“I think about the humane pace of longhand, and how one is constantly looking away from the notebook at things around it, near or far, changing position as one sits, doodling in the margin while working out a transition, half-consciously noticing the slant of the sunlight, the advance of shadows, the color of the sky; fully absorbed in the work, and yet open to the surrounding world…”
A silver lining of my not keeping up well with the recent writings is that I still have so much to read that’s new. Though, as I dip back into the books that are dog-eared, I realize as well that almost any of these pieces are as fresh and readable today as they were the first time.
What reading the essays, reviews, and talks allows, that I don’t believe the fiction does, is hearing the human voice of the person Ursula Kroeber Le Guin. To read these works is to feel one is in her presence. Nothing on earth like it.
Ursula Le Guin also had a significant career as a translator, notably of Lao Tzu’s Tao Te Ching, but also in The Twins, the Dream/Las Gemalas, El Sueno, a volume of mutual translation with the Argentine poet Diana Bellessi (each translates the other), and in 2003, The Selected Poems of Gabriela Mistral, which I’ll attempt to do justice to in another blog piece.
The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination (from IndieBound, new)
Brilliant piece but more importantly insights that bring this literary giant fully present.-fully human- alive ..remarkable homage to your good friend and our litersry treasure..Bravo Hilde
Masterpiece: god on trial dvd (uk edition),antony sher, rupert graves, dominic cooper, and stellan skarsgard star in this harrowing drama about believers. In the movie god on trial the jews acuse god of breaking his covenant with the jews and in the end is found guilty during the trial, the jews. Chaim: if i knew god, i'd put him on trial it was this snippet of dialogue with which i opened my review of “the quarrel” five years ago to me.
All of this allows us to reconsider abraham's trial in a manner that is precisely contrary to most prevailing interpretations—namely, as an act in which god is put . God on trial is an original and incendiary spin on the dialogue-fuelled drama which debates with itself in a single, claustrophobic location. Amazoncom: god on trial: stellan skarsgard, dominic cooper, rupert graves, blake ritson, eddie marsan, andy deemmony: movies & tv.
In god on trial, ozzie and denice grant have pulled the curtain aside and taken us back to where it all began—back to the garden it's such a fresh, beautiful. The play was first published in 1979 the play was set in a feudal european settlement where three travelling jewish artistes put god on trial to. About god on trial an insightful and dramatic account of religious conflicts that keep america divided, from the acclaimed author of a people's history of the. Sometimes i feel i should thank god for the bbc sometimes the license fee is justified by one production and last night's 'god on trial' was it. In both our piety and our agnosticism, we sometimes put god on trial and whenever we do that, it's we who end up being judged we see that in.
God on trial 09:48 hq: concept of god in world's major religions 2008 - dr zakir naik [peace tv] part 12/19 09:47 hq: concept of god in. The name of god on trial: narratives of law, religion and state in malaysia abstract the power to name is both an awesome and awful power - it is an exercise. Cbs clearwater adult education movie “god on trial” – paul applefield events all events adult education movie “god on trial” – paul applefield.
Contemporary masterpiece with sea views in mougins 38,500,000 € ref 6567 12 11 1210 m² 7583 m² property type house facing south west view. Watch god on trial online | god on trial | god on trial (2008) | director: andy de emmony | cast: joseph muir, josef altin, ashley artus, alexi kaye campbell. The story that rabbis in auschwitz once decided to put god on trial - and found him guilty - has frequently been assumed to be apocryphal. Dear friends, i shall use the honor system and post the whole novel “god on trial ” which won a british literary award here hoping that if you. Join pr gary kent and pr barend nieuwstraten live as they put god on trial and investigate some of the allegations levelled against god.
Realizing that their extermination is imminent, the prisoners attempt to make sense of their fate by putting god on trial how is it that the deity. Awaiting their inevitable deaths at one of the worst concentration camps, a group of jews make a rabbinical court to decide whether god has gone against the. “who needs a god who suffers” is just one of many discomforting questions god on trial dares ask, intending to provoke and challenge. God on trial mark 14:53-65 delivered 10/14/2007 we have seen jesus agonizing in prayer in the garden of gethsemane, a rare glimpse into the real.
God on trial a feature which has typified jews' relationships to god from as far back as abraham and moses is that god can be argued with and persuaded.
God on trial is a 2008 bbcwgbh boston television play written by frank cottrell boyce starring antony sher rupert graves and jack shepherd the play takes.
Tv review: 'page eight' on 'masterpiece contemporary' that premieres sunday under the umbrella of pbs' masterpiece contemporary. One of the frequent statements made among adventists is that “god is on trial” recently i posted the article refuting clifford goldstein article. Rent masterpiece contemporary: god on trial (2008) starring antony sher and rupert graves on dvd and blu-ray get unlimited dvd movies & tv shows. God on trial is a 2008 television play, starring rupert graves, antony sher and jack shepherd frank cottrell boyce wrote it.
On November 20 and 21, 2010, maverick record label Abstract Logix hosted a series of spectacular performances, featuring an array of artists who handily defy genre categorization in favor of unbridled expression. The first New Universe Festival was a die-hard music lover's dream, defined by artists who seamlessly mingle compositional ingenuity and improvisational grace and fervor.
Among the featured musicians were pioneering guitarist John McLaughlin and his current band the 4th Dimension with special guest, world music legend tabla maestro Zakir Hussain; Widespread Panic guitar hero Jimmy Herring with his electric band; Return to Forever Drummer Lenny White; the all-star quartet Human Element (keyboardist Scott Kinsey, bassist Matt Garrison, percussionist Arto Tunçboyaciyan; fearless guitarist and improviser Wayne Krantz appearing with the amazing Anthony Jackson on bass; visionary Indian composer and drummer Ranjit Barot; and emerging guitar visionary Alex Machacek.
''I feel honored to participate,'' says festival headliner John McLaughlin, while on tour promoting his Grammy-nominated album To the One. ''My life has been dedicated to my instrument and music, and I continue to devote myself to music in order to be worthy of such a privilege. You will hear the kind of complicity that exists between us all this is a very special element, and frankly essential for making good music.''
Jimmy Herring very succinctly put it, ''This is real music played by real people, happening in real time. We're up there listening and reacting to one another, and people genuinely respond to the risks we take. This is human music in a mechanized age.''
GETNEWSUPDATE.GA is the easiest online service for downloading video and converting videos to mp3. You do not need an account to download Bts Fake Love, the only thing you need is a YouTube URL. We will start to convert the audiotrack of video Bts Fake Love to mp3 as soon as you have submitted it and you will be able to download Bts Fake Love. Different from other services the whole conversion process will be perfomed by our infrastructure and you only have to download the audio and video Bts Fake Love as MP4, FLV, and MP3 of course. from getnewsupdate.ga. Because of this our software is platform-independent: You can use it with your Mac, a Linux PC or even an iPhone. All our conversions will be perfomed in high quality. Do not worry, getnewsupdate.ga is completely free. getnewsupdate.ga need approximately 3 to 4 minutes per video. You will download Bts Fake Love
The video titled Bts Fake Love has been published on youtube on the date 18 May 2018 with a long duration reaching 5:19 Minute. Until now, video Bts Fake Love have gotten 371,395,296 times views on youtube, and that is a great achievement. As many as 7,938,225 people have liked the video BTS (방탄소년단) 'FAKE LOVE' Official MV. even so, video BTS (방탄소년단) 'FAKE LOVE' Official MV also get a negative rating in the form of 341,091 unlike. Video Bts Fake Love uploaded by management ibighit
If you download video or mp3 music Bts Fake Love on this page, just try to review it, if you really like the video or mp3 Bts Fake Love song please buy an official original cassette or official CD from the original album, you can also download Bts Fake Love legal on Official iTunes, to support all music works, especially Bts Fake Love on all charts and charts throughout the world.
Altair Led Outdoor Coach Light How To Install Outdoor Light Fixture Led Outdoor Energy Altair Led Outdoor Coach Light Review
altair led outdoor coach light how to install outdoor light fixture led outdoor energy altair led outdoor coach light review.
altair led outdoor coach light installation costco manual lantern,altair led outdoor coach light dimensions costco lighting wall lantern with,altair led outdoor coach light costco dusk to dawn wall mounted lighting manual,altair led outdoor coach light costco manual dimensions stylish lights super bright dusk to dawn,altair lighting outdoor led wall coach light costco manual lantern lumen dusk dawn pair,altair led outdoor coach light manual lighting wall review,altair led outdoor coach light installation lantern costco manual,lighting outdoor energy saving led lantern up to hours altair coach light installation dimensions wall,altair led outdoor coach light costco dimensions dusk to dawn wall mounted lighting lamp,outdoor lighting interesting led carriage lights altair coach light costco review manual.
sle of resume for application - exle college application resume hvac cover letter sle hvac cover letter sle .
sle of resume for application - sales officere exle fmcg sle and operations executive pictures hd aliciafinnnoack .
sle of resume for application - application support engineer resume sle 28 images resume for application exles 28 images .
sle of resume for application - sales lead sheet template and team lead sle resume resume for your application mickeles .
sle of resume for application - application manager resume hvac cover letter sle hvac cover letter sle .
sle of resume for application - application letter template work experience your skills for a great essay .
A stunning blue jacket and an equally stunning response. Watch one bold woman’s response to an issue that many Indian women face at their workplace
Radhika Apte is back and she is as dazzling as ever! She stars in yet another lovely film by Anouk and figures out how to put forth an effective expression about pregnant workers without sounding long winded.
That Radhika Apte is awesome at what she does is not new information. In this notice as well, we cherish her certainty and the intense air around her. She is not reluctant to scrutinize the framework and she does that in style. On our part, we’re happy to be in a time of publicizing where innovative heads and customer overhauling individuals think past the hot ladies and celebrated ladies claiming to wear anything besides designer clothes.
My intention with this page is to present different ideas of producing energy.These ideas derives from Viktor Schauberger and they are based on his vortex technique.
This is a short description of a wind mill based on Viktor Schaubergers Repulsin or the "UFO"-engine.
Drunk DP: Fix for TARGET_CORPSE_AREA_MOB skill. (no skill type were tested, assuming you were always using a sweeper skill)
I love it… her swirly dress and blouse, the keys swinging merrily from her belt, braids flying behind her… and the goat beside her looking shy and celebratory at the same time. He could be saying “Bro! I’m dancing with a barmaid! And she’s smokin’ hot! How flippin’ cool is this?”
Of the many eras I’d like to go back in time to, the 1880s is definitely on the list. As long as I could go somewhere with lots of beer.
Your eyes don’t deceive you – that is a giant toaster made of toast. Artists Ingrid Falk and Gustavo Aguerre, AKA FA+, created a huge mural using 2,500 pieces of bread heated at various lengths of time in the toaster to produce the color variation needed to represent the appliance. It took them two days and the help of a bunch of their toaster-owning friends.
This Pale Ale is made with Muntons Light DME, Briess CBW Golden Light LME, Palisade bittering hops AA 6.7%, Cascade Flavor hops AA5.0%, more Cascade hops for Aroma, and Safeale-US 05 dry ale yeast.
Meet the newest member of the Toast family… his name is Khan (from Mortal Kombat, not Star Trek), and he’s a 2-yr-old California King Snake. He’s about 1 1/2 ft. long and very curious and energetic. Yes, he’s a snake with a personality… His black-and-white coloring made him stand out from the other snakes at the reptile convention, so we decided to take him home!
Made with chocolate malts, it’s dark, heavy, a little sweet, and pairs well with oatmeal chocolate chip cookies.
Boing Boing, a highly active cool blog I visit almost daily, shared this link (above) to an interesting article from Details magazine about how more and more couples (like Mr. Toast and I) are choosing not to have kids.
That being said, I have nothing but the highest respect for parents and for the sacrifices they make for their children. It love seeing the pics my Facebook friends post of their kids!
I’m proud of this beer. I imagine each batch getting better and better, yet I’m still amazed at how good this home-brew turned out. I’m calling it “First Batch – Dunkelweizen”
I shall now take this moment to thank Leah, co-founder of Toastybros homebrewed beers, for helping me with this batch as well as the many future brews to come. She also designed the logo and helped with the tasting of this beer. mmmm. I can’t wait to see how the second batch of beer turns out. Yes, that’s right! I already have a 2nd batch of beer nearing it’s bottling stage. In fact, I’m going to bottle it this Sunday. It will be an American Amber style beer. Stay tuned.
k well i decided to go ahead and go. I went to this FirstBaptist here in the square and it wasnt horrible, of course it was a bit ordinary for my liking but not bad… i walked in, 7 minutes early, and was immediatly greeted by quite a few people, then the Pastor, Chad, followed by his wife, holly, who seemed very delightful, he, however, seemed like he didnt really kno what to say, i made it known that i am looking for a church to begin visiting semi-regularly, quickly summed up the fact that i hav a 5month old baby and live with my mother (who kept the kevin for me just incase) although one thing i didnt appreciate was that when i mentioned my baby every one seemed to assume i was married and asked if my husband came with,… as if a mother, couldnt be a mother, without a husband… I also met a lady, Dawn that does animal rescuing as well and we exchanged numbers… Holly and chad hav 3kids, and the church is looking for a new music leader and a new youth minister, teeheehee my mind goes I’ll do it I’ll do it, ha like that would ever happen if they heard my true beliefes though it would be awesome to hav an opportunity like that i dont think it will happen untill we hav our own church,…
ANYWAY,… the first thing i noticed as chad started speaking to the congrigation was, his energy level, it was Great, at first, then (as i was taking notes) the word “great” became “high” and soon had a “very” in front of it, ok his energy level maybe a little too high, but hey thats better then dull, right? He took a long time to get to his point, said he has a tendency for stepping on toes and that he would probably step on toes more today then he has in the past so in my head i’m thinking “awesome this should be good i picked the right sunday to come” but on and on he went about being bold and stepping on toes, but, it really just seemed like the same old stuff, Church is for God, not us if we feel church is for us we as a church will die, and was asking, how far are you willing to go for God / church, and there is nothing, no act, more important then glorifying God… like i said just a little to same old same old for me, although he kept on talking about how he was probably stepping on toes,… he told of his first youth group that he ministered to that started as 60 and at first i thought he was going to say how he doubled it or something but he actually went on to tell how in the year he was there it had dwindled down to 20, and that it was not because of the church itsself, but because the teens these days love the world more then God, but … idk… how can he say its not the church? isnt it the churches “job” per say, to make the youth love God more then the world??? idk…
The average age group seemed to be around 50-60, there were mostly older couples, a few families and a few young children, but one youth boy, he sat on the same pue as me at the opposite end, he looked maybe 17-19, and it seemed like he didnt kno anyone there, i felt like i should say something to him, but the words never came, so another day i suppose…
Goodmorning Imperfect, good morning brother, *yawns and stretches* i’m thinking about maybe going to church this morning, i’ve been kinda feeling a pull toward this one church for like two months now but God just hasn’t made the time right for me yet…maybe this morning…idk…maybe not…i havn’t been to a church in, damn like a year now…idk what i’d say, and i wouldnt wanna leave kevin with some stranger in the nursery…so…it’d hav to be a church that doesnt mind having a baby in the congrigation… and if it did mind, and “asked me nicely” (ya kno the way churches always do) to please leave him in the nursery, i’d probly end up saying some really not nice words….and then there is also the fact that the only articles of clothing that i own that still fits my newly plump body, are my lovely colection of pajamas….. and well,… idk if that church would appreciate that,… as much as it deserves to be appreciated, I hav Pooh pajamas, Eor pajamas, three pair of Tinkerbell pajamas,… then theres alwaays my army sweats from the good old days….i just don’t kno, a first baptist church, may look down on that, and, not that i nessecarily (i cant spell that word) CARE what they think i would just rather not hav confrontation infront of my 5month old son….
speakin of which! he had bananas for breakfast this morning!!!! and he loved them!!! ate almost half the jar! and now he’s enjoying his morning milk! and shiting lol gotta love babies! and as usual i am drinking room-tempeture coffee (yuck) because as soon as i poored my fresh cup this morning he needed changing…oh well i love being a mom! and i’d drink room-tempature coffee for the rest of my life if i had to for him lol.
Livejournal has a feature they put up every day on their home page called “Writers Block”, made of various random questions you can answer and expound upon. Today’s question was, “If you could go out to dinner with a character from a current TV show, who would you choose, and why?”
I would choose Abed from Community… and hopefully I could bring Troy, too, since they are sort of a matched pair. Our conversations would be full of geeky pop-culture goodness and well-timed quips from the guys, and I would probably have trouble stopping laughing long enough to eat!
And that question leads to another… what type of restaurant would we go to? Since they are both geeky college guys, I would choose a good ramen joint. There is such a place here where I live (it’s called Ramen Republic), and their ramen is absolutely wonderful! Lots of options… you can choose your broth, your types of noodles, and your protein, and of course what veggies and/or sauces you want. And yes, they have chopsticks!
Like most people, I can’t really get my head around what’s happening in Japan. Whenever I think about it, I send healing and love energy to the people there.
And of course, I realize that different people will have different reactions. Today I found the following posted (or, more accurately, re-posted) on the Facebook status of a girl I went to school with (copied exactly, punctuation errors intact).
“TAKE THIS IN!!! Sept 11th- New York, January 11th- Haiti and March 11th- Japan. Luke 21:10-11 Then Jesus said to his disciples: “Nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. There will be great earthquakes’, famines and pestilences in various places, and fearful events and great signs from heaven. ‘Jesus says for behold I come quickly’ so ask yourself, are you ready? Many wont repost this”
There were two comments (also copied exactly): “The Lord is soon returning!” and “TELL ME HOW TO REPOST AND I WILL SO TURE”. (Side note… why can’t people figure out how to turn off their caps lock?!?)
*Sigh* I know I shouldn’t be bothered by this, but somehow I am. I don’t believe it was anything other than sheer coincidence that all three of these events happened on the 11th day of the month. I think it was a Snopes article (concerning Sept. 11) that said in the face of unexplainable tragedy, it is human nature to search for patterns to try to impose some meaning to the disaster. (Key word? Try.) Also, every generation (including early Christians) has had people who believe they are living in “the End Times.”
sometimes I wonder.. I wonder if you truly meant what you said when you said you needed me.. I told you that it was important to me that I could self soothe myself.. it took me a practically my whole life to learn how to do that.. I told you that I’ve been hurt before, and you knew more than anyone why.. I thought you understood where I was coming from.. I told you that it took me a long time to be able to feel that I didn’t truly need anyone to make me feel happy.. and then you came along.. you told me so many things and I fell for it.. sometimes I wonder if you truly meant what you said when you told me you weren’t here to hurt me, that you would love me to the best of your abilities, that you needed me more than I knew.. in some ways I knew it was wrong what we were doing, but I’ve loved you since the day I met you.. we went thru so much, both together and apart, to get to the point where we could finally be together.. you told me that He does not bring two people together just to tear them apart.. and now we’re thousands, if not millions, of miles away.. I have soo many mixed emotions.. I’m sad when I think about how far we are from each other, when you don’t answer my texts or calls or messages.. I’m pissed off when you put on a front and make light of situations when I KNOW you are hurting just as much as I am.. pissed off that I gave you my whole heart, body, mind, and soul just for you to act this way and say those things to me.. but mostly.. when I think about you.. I can’t help but to smile and feel the most and utter peacefullness.. I miss you’re voice.. and I’m trying so hard to hold onto all the things that I loved most about you.. I fear sometimes that I will forget what you sound like, what your touch felt like, your smile, your laugh, the feeling I got when you would hold me.. regardless of what happens, I’m truly happy that I got to have you in that way, in that time, for that long, and in that place.. I will carry that with me always … I just pray that you KNOW that I still love you, and will always love you.. that’s something that will never change.. and I don’t regret any of it, regardless of the outcomes..
Can’t remember if this is post 4 or 5 of the “life of” series. Anyway. Work has been slow since the new year and I’ve been getting home early, giving me time to accomplish….
The editing and putting together of about 8 hours of old video I had finally gotten off tape and onto the computer.
Today I’m going to shave my head and take a nap with the puppy on the floor… where the sun beams in through the window. Then I’m considering starting all over from the start on FFT… it’s such a fun game.
Posted by Stinky Bob at 4:05 pm Tagged with: art, brian, Final Fantasy Tactics, imperfect beautiful, info, life, photography
The airplane design comes from a set of webdings called Interoffice. The set has lots of cute office-related pictures in it; you can download it for free at http://www.fontfont.com/downloads/ (scroll down to the bottom of the page for the download link).
Once i saw this lil’ airplane I immediately knew I had to put it on a t-shirt. (I used the heat press we have at work.) Not only was I drawn to this image because it’s an airplane (when I was younger I was absolutely nuts about airplanes), but I also liked it because it looks very Japanese. The Japanese have a word for something that’s miniaturized and cute… “chibi”. So I call this my chibi airplane shirt.
Help make pornstars easier to find on Tube8 by telling us who is in this video. Sapping from the prostate, i concentrated superficially for awhile. I don't pothole how pure i was on my banners ere the big-breasted preparative crepe salivated because knitted in their mouth. Tell us why you like or dislike this video Shemale fucks guy videos at Huge Vids. Small tits shemale wanking it hard Respond to this video.
Kamila best sheboy cock juice flow Compil. Your account has been created. Take a look at chicks with dicks with shemales on the porn tube. Bare Backed Shemales - Sexy shemales newcomer disabuse of conclude by the nature buy excited many stuffy unqualified bareback sex. Add comment Comments Be the first one to comment!
Defrancesca. Age: 21. I am a nice sexy and passionate curvy girl located in frankfurt, germany willing to meet the intelligent and interesting gentleman anywhere in the world.
Then check out black tranny domination videos, raw bareback anal compilations or extreme tranny fisting clips and you won't be dissapointed. Report this video as Inappropriate. We can not guarantee, your history won't be accidentally erased, unless you have an account. Showing 1— of Vids. Teen ladyoby gives a blowjob to herself. Please enable it and try again to enjoy the full Extremetube experience.
Damn, what a perfect ass... i would love to play with it all day and night! Next time she need to stick something in her ass too... ;)
" As an abstract painter, my practice investigates the tensions created between order and chaos, constraints and freedom. I tackle those paradoxes by painting according to a precisely defined work protocol that allows room for chance. I place great importance on working the materiality of color. My aim is to tap into the perceptual complexity generated by the painting, which draws the viewer in with its visual impact, its object-ness and its obvious, yet enigmatic production process. "
10:22 VanessaE also I added some new signs earlier. and if you use signs_lib, update that too. fixed broken screwdriver code.
11:15 clavi it saves mod data every few seconds and prints a message about it in debug.txt, so I decreased log level from info to action
17:48 Raven262 I also like it, but have never before managed to build anything in it, I thought it was too limiting
17:48 Raven262 Mods like moreblocks are simply a must on a server, its hard to imagine building without them, or so I though.
17:52 Raven262 Oh and that amazing feature, the world aligned textures, really does improve the looks.
18:05 Krock Raven262: you tapped into the deep flowing mud which is called "whether to use world-aligned stairs or not"
18:06 Raven262 I mean, there should be an option, or a tool in the game that can rotate the texture on them.
18:07 Tenplus1 you can only rotate the texture on them if you create multiple nodes for the same stair, also hi Shara
18:08 Raven262 I hope I have uploaded a screenshot of that one place where I used the rotated texture on the tiles as a decoration.
18:12 Shara Raven262: yes, I often used rotated slabs for decorative purposes, so though I completely understand why some people love worldaligned textures, they break a lot of things for me
18:15 Raven262 If I had to choose I would keep the world aligned ones. Since I just rarely use this option: https://i.imgur.com/I3e7xJB.png
18:19 Raven262 Is there an option to use higher resolution textures so that they span over multiple nodes?
18:22 Shara and I still struggle with justifying adding so many extra nodes when it's usually a battle to get anything at all added
18:23 Raven262 Oh wait, no actually, you would need a different texture for each rotation. Would be hell.
18:24 Raven262 But then, whats the difference between a stone block stair texture and the stone brick one?
18:26 Tenplus1 you would have to make 4 different nodes per stair to fix this properly... since they can go on their sides also.... so it's better to keep it as is
18:29 Tenplus1 textures like wood which have a stripe going in a specific direction could have a stair specific texture to make them look better rotated
18:33 Andrey01 can anybody help me with chair model (i can not curve its back correctly, it is bent from below somewhy) https://ufile.io/uqpwh
18:35 Tenplus1 could make the lines of the texture vague enough so that when it's rotated it's not as noticable whichever direction it's rotated
18:36 Shara I don't see how that would work... unless the goal is having lot sof blurry looking nodes
19:16 Tenplus1 plz no, it took me all my effort to do that pull and gitlab annoyed the crap outta me
19:18 Tenplus1 apart from tabs, main change is passing already gotten node from on_punch to the sign update to save a get_node :) meaning they update faster
19:24 Tenplus1 for those interested Stairs Redo has new sneak placement that aligns stair with the one you are pointing at
19:30 rubenwardy "deprecation is the discouragement of use of some terminology, feature, design, or practice, typically because it has been superseded or is no longer considered efficient or safe, without completely removing it or prohibiting its use."
19:32 Tenplus1 we'd be as well posting 5.0 changes for mods and having a version for 0.4.17 and 5.0 seperately
19:36 VanessaE well signs_lib has been around for a few yearss. it predates that getpos()/get_pos() change
19:41 VanessaE "Note that a function being deprecated means that it still exists, but it may give a warning when used and may be removed in future"
19:41 VanessaE well, given you guys' propensity to remove things when they break rather than fix them........... :P
19:42 Andrey01 devs, why would you not add a function that will attach object to node? And why did you close #7735 issue?
19:42 VanessaE other than my pending PRs to minetest-mods stuff, I have a feeling a whole lot more mods are going to need to be imported.
19:45 Andrey01 i`m not saying about nodes should move, i`m just saying a possibility to be able to attach entity to node
19:46 VanessaE set the player's movement speed to 0 and position them, set their "animation" to the sitting position?
19:49 Andrey01 well, then i need to write a code to do it, if something would be like obj:attach_to_node(nodename, pos) it would take less a code and it would be simpler
19:52 Andrey01 and also i`m awaiting from the devs a possibility to change models/textures of nodes in during of the game and also to play animation (from Blender)
20:01 VanessaE more likely, it'll be 5.0.1, 5.0.2, etc. I imagine 5.1.0 would be if some major feature or bug fix goes in.
20:03 VanessaE Andrey01: point is, you're asking about stuff that's far enough in the future that no one knows.
20:03 VanessaE 5.0.0 isn't even out and you're already asking about the next release? come on, man..
20:04 VanessaE meta set node def or some such. we had a PR for it at one time, but devs never merged it.
20:04 Andrey01 because earlier only with number at the end released, but now will be with number at the end and at the middle released
20:06 VanessaE first number for huge, possibly breaking changes, middle number for major fixes, features, etc, third number for minor bugfixes in close proximity to a change of the middle number
21:23 rubenwardy [21:04:36] <00838fVanessaE> meta set node def or some such. we had a PR for it at one time, but devs never merged it.
21:35 VanessaE the only prob I had was the texture cutting was resolution-specific, wouldn't have worked with HDX properly.
21:55 VanessaE shouldn't worldedit be imported into minetest-mods? Uberi hasn't been active in like 2 years.
22:45 sfan5 i just checked, no sandbox or anything that would make the environment different from just pasting the code into an actual mod
22:45 sfan5 worldedit.keep_loaded (which uses a vmanip IIRC) is called with the area, so that seems unlikely
An Intelligent System Proposal for Improving the Safety and Accessibility of Public Transit by Highway – IUCTC
An Intelligent System Proposal for Improving the Safety and Accessibility of Public Transit by Highway
Puoi controllare e/o verificare i cookies come vuoi – per saperne di più, vai su aboutcookies.org. Puoi cancellare i cookies già presenti nel computer e impostare quasi tutti i browser in modo da bloccarne l'installazione. Se scegli questa opzione, dovrai però modificare manualmente alcune preferenze ogni volta che visiti il sito ed è possibile che alcuni servizi o determinate funzioni non siano disponibili.
We are so glad to have three bright undergraduates of Department of Life Science, NTU joining our lab in the beginning of winter break. Si-Sim Kang is currently a freshman. Kurt Chou and Chieh Lin are both juniors.
m just announced the opening of their hydra onion скачать через торрент retail store at 7130 Oak Ridge Highway in Knoxville, tN.
Kurt Frey has a doctorate in Chemical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), as well as a Master of Science in Chemical Engineering Practice from MIT, and a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from Ohio State University. Kurt has worked for a variety of research groups, and was most recently at Argonne National Laboratory, supporting efforts on environmental processes for nuclear waste, both in recycling and disposal.
Oct 27 | Oct 28 | Oct 29 | Oct 30 | Oct 31 | Nov 01 | [ Nov 02 ] | Nov 03 | Nov 04 | Nov 05 | Nov 06 | Nov 07 | Nov 08 | Nov 09
Sep 2017 | Oct 2017 | [ Nov 2017 ] | Dec 2017 | Jan 2018 | Feb 2018 | Mar 2018 | Apr 2018 | May 2018
Breastfeeding is ideal for newborn infants and their mothers and is specifically designed to meet an infant’s nutritional and social-emotional needs.1-3 Aside from its highly digestible properties and delicate nutrient balance, breast milk has been found to impart immunity by transferring antibodies from mother to infant.1, 3 As a result, breastfed infants experience fewer emergency room visits, respiratory, urinary and ear infections, bacterial meningitis, and fewer occurrences of other diseases such as diarrhea, asthma, and lower rates of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.1, 3 Further benefits for the infant include: increasing infant cognitive function, promoting the proper development of teeth and speech patterns, and decreasing the risk of later childhood obesity.1 Breastfeeding also has multiple benefits for the mother, including: enhancing the bond between infant and mother, decreasing recovery time following birth, enhancing maternal self-esteem, reducing the risks of certain cancers, and increased bone density.4,5
The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) is joined by the Surgeon General and many domestic and international agencies in recommending breastfeeding as the best way to feed infants. The AAP recommends that infants breastfeed exclusively for the first six months of life and, with the addition of appropriate complementary foods starting at six months, breastfeeding should continue until at least one year of age, and thereafter for as long as both mother and child desire. The U.S. Healthy People 2020 national objectives for breastfeeding are to increase the proportion of mothers who breastfeed their babies
Increasing the proportion of employers that have worksite lactation support programs (MICH 22) from 25 to 38%
Reducing the proportion of breastfed newborns who receive formula supplementation within the first 2 days of life from 24.2% to 14.2%
Increasing the proportion of live births that occur in facilities that provide recommended care for lactating mothers and their babies from 2.9% to 8.1%
The California Department of Public Health is dedicated to promoting, protecting, and supporting breastfeeding among all Californians.8 The CDPH views breastfeeding promotion as an important public health initiative, likely to reduce, offset, and prevent disease, and to reduce health disparities among ethnic and minority groups. The California strategic initiative to promote breastfeeding was launched in November 1996 with the release of the first Breastfeeding Promotion Committee Report: Breastfeeding: Investing in California’s Future and extended with the publication of the second Committee Report in January 2007.7
To achieve these goals, professional organizations and the U.S. Preventive Services Taskforce recommend that pregnant women receive breastfeeding education, counseling, and support beginning early in pregnancy, continuing throughout prenatal care, during hospitalization around the time of birth, and throughout infancy.5,9
Formal education for mothers and families, direct support during breastfeeding, training for healthcare staff on how to support breastfeeding, and peer support for new mothers are strategies that in combination, increase rates of breastfeeding initiation and its duration.9
American Academy of Pediatrics and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Breastfeeding Handbook for Physicians. 2006.
Ip S, Chung M, Raman G, Chew P, Magula N, DeVine D, Trikalinos T, Lau J. Breastfeeding and Maternal and Infant Health Outcomes in Developed Countries. Evidence Report/Technology Assessment No.153 (Prepared by Tufts-New England Medical Center Evidence-based Practice Center, under Contract No.290-02-0022). AHRQ Publication No. 07-E007. Rockville, MD: Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. April 2007.
Breastfeeding Promotion Committee Report to the California Department of Health Services, Primary Care, and Family Health Division. 2007. Available here.
California Department of Health Services Maternal and Child Health Breastfeeding Program. DHS Breastfeeding Promotion Policy. Accessed on June 15, 2007. Available here.
Breastfeeding Support: Prenatal Care Through the First Year, Second Edition. Evidence-Based Clinical Practice Guideline. 2007 Developed by the Association of Women’s Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses (AWHONN) this document presents concise recommendations and supporting evidence for breastfeeding education and support during prenatal care, around the time of birth, the immediate postpartum period, and through infancy. Guidelines may be purchased through AWHONN.
ACOG Clinical Review. January-February 2007. Breastfeeding: Maternal and Infant Aspects. Special Report from ACOG Committee on Health Care for Underserved Women, Committee on Obstetric Practice. (PDF)
This document outlines the importance of breastfeeding, describes the benefits to mother, infant, family and society, and provides an overview of topics with which healthcare providers should become familiar in order to provide accurate information to the women in their care.
Academy of Breastfeeding Medicine: Educational Objectives and Skills for the Physician with Respect to Breastfeeding (2011) (PDF)
Countermarketing and the WHO International Code of Marketing of Breast-Milk Substitutes Provides rational, evidence and guidelines for professionals working with mothers and infants on standards for marketing and distribution of infant formula. The guidelines were created by the World Health Organization in response to the negative impact on breastfeeding that results from direct marketing of formula to mothers. (PDF)
Guidelines for evaluating pamphlets, audiovisuals, posters, handouts, and other media related to breastfeeding. Provides tips to evaluate any media used to promote and support breastfeeding and provides a worksheet to “score” media.
Prenatal Breastfeeding Assessment: Commonly used prenatal forms such as ACOG, and U.S. General Services Administration have space to record “Breast or Bottle”. POPRAS and the California Comprehensive Perinatal Services Program forms add information about prior pregnancy and planned duration of breastfeeding.
Providers may benefit from having a form that provides additional “prompts” or questions to assess knowledge of breastfeeding benefits, attitudes and beliefs about breastfeeding, past experience, potential contraindications and intention, as presented in current guidelines.5 Supplemental forms need to be supplied to providers to assist in completing a comprehensive breastfeeding assessment.
Prenatal Breastfeeding Assessment Tool Example: A form that can be adapted for use in your clinic to assess breastfeeding knowledge, attitudes, beliefs and intentions. At the onset of prenatal care. The UNICEF Baby Friendly Initiatvie provides a checklist for educational topics to cover towards the end of pregnancy
Example of a form for tracking the number of clients receiving recommended breastfeeding assessments.
California Model Hospital Breastfeeding Policies Toolkit (2007) The California Department of Public Health developed this toolkit to assist hospitals and healthcare providers to meet the state and national public health breastfeeding goals. The toolkit includes resources and web links to materials that may be customized for individual use, with proper attribution to the original authors.
The CDC Guide to Breastfeeding Interventions (2005): This guide reviews evidence-based and promising practices that support the initiation of breastfeeding in hospital settings and maintaining lactation once women return to school or work.
LA Best Babies Network Breastfeeding Friendly Workplace Policy This brochure outlines the rationale, benefits, and importance of developing a workplace policy that supports lactation at the workplace; a sample policy is included. The brochure is also available in Spanish.
The Business Case for Breastfeeding -U.S. Department of Health and Human Services provides a series of materials including a toolkit with reproducible resources designed to create a breastfeeding friendly work environment.
This two CD set provides 10 modules of evidence-based education for physicians and perinatal staff. Available for a small fee to interested parties from other states.
Breastfeeding Basics – is an academic, non-commercial, short course on the fundamentals of breastfeeding designed primarily for medical practitioners.
Clinical Management of Breastfeeding- Available for purchase from VIDA Health Communications, Inc. Training curriculum for establishing a multi-disciplinary model of lactation management.
Mothers and Health Educators –the Mother of 7 Breastfeeding Videos (DVD or VHS) available for purchase the videos provide Mom-to-Mom information, support, techniques and tips through stories and 3-D animation.
Breastfeeding Task Force of Greater Los Angeles Seminars – Ten seminars provided every year on a myriad of topics related to breastfeeding. Continuing education credits provided.
www.GotMom.org is a breastfeeding resource for mothers and families developed by the American College of Nurse Midwives
Easy Guide to Breastfeeding: Available for download in English, Spanish and Chinese this publication from the Office of Women’s Health in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services provides information and encouragement to women on breastfeeding
Medications and Mother’s Milk Newsletter – This free monthly newsletter is put together by Hale Publishing and is emailed to its recipients, providing the latest research articles and news related to breastfeeding
Investing in California’s Future (2007)- this is the second report from California Breastfeeding Promotion Advisory Committee outlining recommendations and strategies to increase exclusive breastfeeding in California.
Normal Infant Feeding (2006) - Chapter 9 in California Food Guide - Provided by the Department of Public Health, the Food Guide is primarily designed for health professionals as a training manual.
Report to First 5 LA, prepared by W. Slusser and L. Lange and the UCLA Center for Healthier Children, Family and Communities. August 2002
California Breastfeeding Roundtable is a revitalization of the former Breastfeeding Promotion Advisory Committee (BPAC). The CBR provides policy and strategy recommendations to both the public and private sectors in California to increase initiation and duration of exclusive breastfeeding.
National Alliance for Breastfeeding Advocacy (NABA): A not for profit organization, that seeks to educate the public, state and federal legislators, policymakers, government agencies, and the health care system about breastfeeding and the hazards of not doing so
Baby Milk Action: Baby Milk Action works within a global network to strengthen independent, transparent and effective controls on the marketing of the baby feeding industry
World Alliance For Breastfeeding Action: The World Alliance for Breastfeeding Action (WABA) is a global network of individuals and organizations concerned with the protection, promotion & support of breastfeeding worldwide.
FirstRight: FirstRight is a national grassroots breastfeeding advocacy group committed to ensuring freedom from discrimination for breastfeeding children and their mothers.
Academy of Breastfeeding Medicine is a worldwide organization of physicians dedicated to the promotion, protection and support of breastfeeding and human lactation.
Instinct follows a former CIA operative who is lured back to his old life when the NYPD needs his help to stop a serial killer. Dr. Dylan Reinhart is a gifted author and university professor living a quiet life teaching psychopathic behavior to packed classes of adoring students. But when tenacious top NYPD detective Lizzie Needham appeals to him to help her catch a serial murderer who is using Dylan's first book as a tutorial, Dylan is compelled by the case and comes out of retirement. Helping them is Julian Cousins, Dylan's invaluable CIA comrade who rivals Dylan in brilliance and wit, and can get top-secret dirt on anyone, anywhere, anytime. Lizzie's boss, Lt. Jasmine Gooden, is glad to see her best detective finally agree to work with someone on a case, since Lizzie has refused any partner since a tragic event one year ago. But as Dylan feels reenergized tapping into his old skill set, his husband, Andy, is concerned that Dylan's breaking their pact about putting away his cloak and dagger for good. Though Dylan and Lizzie initially clash, when it comes to catching killers, they realize they will make an ideal team if they both trust their instincts.
Former CIA operative is lured back to his old life when the NYPD needs his help to stop a serial killer. Dr. Dylan Reinhart (Alan Cumming) is a gifted author and university professor living a quiet life teaching psychopathic behavior to packed classes of adoring students. But when top NYPD detective Lizzie Needham (Bojana Novakovic) appeals to him to help her catch a serial murderer who is using Dylan's first book as a tutorial, Dylan is compelled by the case, comes out of retirement and taps into his old skill set. Though Dylan and Lizzie initially clash, when it comes to catching killers, they realize they will make an ideal team if they both trust their instincts. Based on the James Patterson book.
Social media giveaways offer a great opportunity for attracting new customers. For a minimal amount of money, you can promote your products and increase your brand recognition.
The process is simple. Anyone can create a giveaway. Look over the following tips if you’re interested in creating your own giveaway to attract new customers.
What is your reason for creating a giveaway? Think of the reason for the giveaway, as this will help you choose a prize.
Next, choose a prize for your giveaway. Discounts are great for building an email list, but not for a giveaway where you’re trying to attract new customers.
Examples include a sample product or service. This could be something that relates to your primary products or services. You could offer several months of your service for free if you offer services.
You could choose something simple if you’re at a complete loss. This could include a Visa gift card, a cheap tablet, or a gadget. The bottom line is that it needs to be something that people actually want.
When to start your giveaway and when you want it to end, you’ll also need to decide. You could tie this into the release of a new product or service.
You could have the end of the giveaway coincide with the release date of your new item. Create your giveaway around this release. Discuss your new product or service in your marketing material for your giveaway.
After choosing a prize and a goal, you can create your giveaway. There are many sites available that allow you to easily setup your own giveaway. They work in conjunction with your social media accounts or website.
With some of these sites, such as Raffle-copter, you can even add a plugin to your website. They’ll offer you multiple options for accepting entries.
Before you actually start your giveaway, you should write your benchmarks. These are statistics that will hopefully change after you start your giveaway.
Some of the areas to focus on includes the number of likes you have on Facebook, the number of followers you have on Twitter, and any stats related to your website traffic.
Let them know about your giveaway. Some of your subscribers may end up sharing details of your giveaway on social media, helping to spread the word.
Once your giveaway gets started, promote it as much as possible through social media. Encourage people to let others know about the giveaway. You want a large number of people to find your giveaway.
That covers the basics of creating a social media giveaway. It’s not a complicated process, but it will need some planning.
Start preparing your next social media giveaway if you need to attract new customers. Come up with a suitable prize and begin promoting your giveaway.
Both video production and the release of eBooks can help you reach a larger part of the public. They also give an opportunity for providing potential customers with beneficial information. Use the following tips and suggestions if you want to learn more about the use of eBooks for marketing.
The first step is choosing the right topic for your eBook. You’ll want to write about something that you understand and that’s relevant to the products or services that you sell. You can get some ideas by searching for eBooks related to your industry.
Try to find topics that haven’t been widely covered. Come up with a way to cover the topic from a new perspective if you can’t find a topic that hasn’t been thoroughly discussed. You can search Google or eBook websites to get some examples.
Another solution for finding a topic is to create an eBook from your existing content. Use analytics software to determine which of your blog posts received the most attention. This includes the blog posts that received the most comments and most shares.
Choose several blog posts related to a similar topic. Organize the posts in an order that makes sense to a reader and then provide more information. You can use your existing blog posts as the basis for the layout and structure of your eBook and then expand upon the ideas presented in the posts.
Along with creating an eBook, you’ll need to decide how you want to distribute the eBook. You can distribute your eBook through Amazon, Apple iBook store, or other popular sites. Another option is to distribute the eBook yourself.
You can create a PDF and use the eBook as an incentive to join your subscriber list or complete another desired action. You can find free tools for converting your text document into a PDF for release as an eBook.
The distribution method that you choose will depend on your goals. Online distribution through an eBook store will be beneficial if you want to build brand awareness. You should consider self-distribution if you want to increase your subscriber list or include a promotion to increase sales.
Once you’ve written your eBook, or paid a ghost writer to write the eBook, make sure that it’s formatted properly. You can download their provided templates if you’re going to publish your eBook through Amazon or other popular eBook sites.
Make sure that the final copy is readable through a standard PDF reader on desktops and tablets if you’re self-distributing your eBook.
As a last step for using your eBook to improve conversion rates and boost sales, you could send out free copies of your eBook. If you chose to use Amazon or Apple, you could give your eBook away from a download link included in emails or through the website that will be distributing your eBook.
Sending your eBook to influential people in your industry could give you positive taglines or reviews to include in your marketing material and possibly help generate some quality back links.
The use of eBook as a marketing tool shouldn’t be overlooked. If you need help, there are many reputable firms that will handle the creation of an eBook on any topic.
Start thinking about the topic for your first eBook. Choose a topic that you’re knowledgeable about. The topic you choose should be relevant to your industry.
This Book of Memories memorial website is designed to be a permanent tribute paying tribute to the life and memory of Ellen Brannon. It allows family and friends a place to re-visit, interact with each other, share and enhance this tribute for future generations. We are both pleased and proud to provide the Book of Memories to the families of our community.
Condolence: We are so sorry for your loss. A Mother, Grandmother,Great Grandmother and a Friend to many! We will truly miss Ms.Brannon a wonderful lady and Friend we love you! Our prayers go out to all.
Condolence: My deepest condolences she will be missed and remembered. She will be the head of the editorial department in Haven.
Condolence: I am so sorry to hear about Genevieve. I worked at the paper for over 19 years and it was a honor to work with Genevieve and the rest of the family.
Condolence: My heartfelt thoughts go out to Mrs. Brannons family. She was such a kind lovely lady. Prayers
Condolence: We are so sorry to hear of your mom's passing. She was a wonderful lady. She will be missed by many people. Dennis was just up to the house to see her the other day, he is so glad he went to see her. Prayers for your family at this time,
Condolence: I am very sorry to hear of Mrs. Brannon's passing. She was always so kind to me when I was in the newspaper office. I last saw her last year when I came by the newspaper office to get a copy of a newspaper containing information about my grandfather's service stations in Paris. She was so kind that she gave me the newspaper. I enjoyed talking to her. Mrs. Brannon had a big heart. She was truly good to everyone.
Condolence: Dear Becca and family, I am so sorry about your great loss. I met Mrs. Brannon through my husband Chencho. He worked at the newspaper many years before he and I met. I especially love Mrs. Brannon's middle name which, of course, she is known by.
Please be assured that God knows your loss and sadness and cares about each and everyone of you. You can lean on Him.
Condolence: I am so sorry to hear about your loss. I always looked forward to going into the newspaper office and you could expect to see Genevieve there and she always had a spunky answer to everyone. Bebe, Becca and the rest of the family my prayers and love are with you during this difficult time. She was one of a kind.
Condolence: Your mom was a lady who was a lot of fun and filled with spunk. I loved speaking with her especially at P.T. It was evident everyone there enjoyed her when she arrived. You have my sincere sympathy.
Condolence: Thinking of all the Brannon family as they suffer this loss. Praying for your peace and comfort during this difficult time.
Home Care agency is seeking employee who will be responsible for coordinating home care services for members of the community.
Our array of strategic capabilities at Wycliffe include construction, facility management, consulting/engineering, service, preventive maintenance, installation of HVAC/mechanical, electrical (including a patented DC power system, fire safety and building automation systems for today’s technology driven environments. Our team-oriented expertise also includes tenant build outs, data centers, dispatch facilities, telecommunications and collocation facilities, office spaces within numerous government and commercial client facilities.
Below is a list of different Scottish Porcelain and Pottery makes. You can click on each of the names to get more information and to see what is available.
Starting Your Social Enterprise is a programme for 16-25 year olds to explore leadership and social enterprise. It is run by Aspire 2 be and Birchwood Highland. The course runs over 12 evenin...
Highland Children's Forum has been working with Third Sector Interface and CALA to develop these Spring Seminars. The seminars will provide an opportunity to network with other local services in y...
Milton of Leys Pharmacy has been holding its Easter Painting Challenge and raising funds for Highland Children's Forum at the same time. The prize giving is this Friday, 25th March. Time and ve...
With the encouragement of friends and the support of my family, I have decided to seek re-election to represent District 76 in the Maine House of Representatives. Growing up here in Maine and having 9 siblings, I know the struggle many Maine families face. As a husband, father, and grandfather, I will use my many years of successful business experience to promote commerce and job growth, to expand entrepreneurial opportunity, to prioritize our limited resources, and to protect safety net programs for the vulnerable.
In Augusta, I promise to give my full effort and attention for the people of Rome, Belgrade, Mt. Vernon, Wayne, Fayette and Vienna. Let’s face it – a prosperous economy here in Maine increases available resources for programs important to us all. While we cannot spend more money than we take in, I will promote using sound business practices in the operation or our government to increase revenue without increasing taxes.
My story is simple and similar to others here in Maine. As a very young man, I knew I wanted the challenge of creating my own opportunities; and private business became that vehicle. In 1980, I started a very small environmentally-based company with my wife and I as the only employees. Over the years, our little company grew; and we made a tremendous impact on the reduction of solid waste in the Maine environment, collecting and recycling over 5,000 tons a year of material and selling to markets around the world. Upon leaving the company, I was supervising over 125 employees in 4 states and Canada and am very proud that my first employee is still with the company.
Additionally, since 1995, I have operated restaurants in coastal and central Maine employing over 150 people. The challenges I have faced in 30 years of business and the ability to meet those challenges through the collaboration of ideas of people inside and out of my organization have given me the skills and attitude necessary to make a difference in Augusta, as well.
It is my honor and privilege to ask you, the people of District 76, for your support in re-electing me as your representative to the Maine House.
House and Senate districts are reapportioned every ten years. District 76 offers a great deal of natural resource and appears in the map to the left. District 76 includes the towns of Belgrade, Fayette, Mount Vernon, Rome, Vienna, Wayne.
			 http://hiltonchurch.org.uk/sermons/?show&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhiltonchurch.org.uk%2Fwp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsermons%2F2018%2FOct%2FSunday14thOctober2018.mp3
			 http://hiltonchurch.org.uk/sermons/?show&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhiltonchurch.org.uk%2Fwp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsermons%2F2018%2FOct%2FSunday7thOctober2018.mp3
			 http://hiltonchurch.org.uk/sermons/?show&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhiltonchurch.org.uk%2Fwp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsermons%2F2018%2FSep%2FSunday30thSeptember2018.mp3
			 http://hiltonchurch.org.uk/sermons/?show&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhiltonchurch.org.uk%2Fwp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsermons%2F2018%2FSep%2FSunday16thSeptember2018.mp3
			 http://hiltonchurch.org.uk/sermons/?show&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhiltonchurch.org.uk%2Fwp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsermons%2F2018%2FSep%2FSunday9thSeptember2018.mp3
			 http://hiltonchurch.org.uk/sermons/?show&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhiltonchurch.org.uk%2Fwp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsermons%2F2018%2FSep%2FSunday2ndSeptember2018.mp3
			 http://hiltonchurch.org.uk/sermons/?show&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhiltonchurch.org.uk%2Fwp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsermons%2F2018%2FAug%2FSunday19thAugust2018.mp3
			 http://hiltonchurch.org.uk/sermons/?show&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhiltonchurch.org.uk%2Fwp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsermons%2F2018%2FAug%2FSunday%2012th%20August%202018.mp3
			 http://hiltonchurch.org.uk/sermons/?show&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhiltonchurch.org.uk%2Fwp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsermons%2F2018%2FAug%2FSunday%205th%20August%202018.mp3
			 http://hiltonchurch.org.uk/sermons/?show&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhiltonchurch.org.uk%2Fwp%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsermons%2F2018%2FJul%2FSunday%2029th%20July%202018.mp3
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 December 2012 November 2012 September 2012
Upon the unopposed motion of the government, pursuant to Fed. R. Crim. P. 16(d) and 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(1) and (8), it is hereby ORDERED:
1. All of the materials provided by the United States in preparation for, or in connection with, any stage of the proceedings in this case (collectively, “the materials”) are subject to this protective order and may be used by defendant and defendant's counsel (defined as counsel of record in this case) solely in connection with the defense of this case, and for no other purpose, and in connection with no other proceeding, without further order of this Court.
2. Defendant and defendant's counsel shall not disclose the materials or their contents directly or indirectly to any person or entity other than persons employed to assist in the defense, persons who are interviewed as potential witnesses, counsel for potential witnesses, and other persons to whom the Court may authorize disclosure (collectively, “authorized persons”). Potential witnesses and their counsel may be shown copies of the materials as necessary to prepare the defense, but may not retain copies without prior permission of the Court.
3. Certain materials disclosed or to be disclosed by the government contain particularly sensitive information, including medical information, information concerning law enforcement investigative techniques, [1] and information concerning the sexual abuse of one or more persons other than the defendant. No such materials, or the information contained therein, may be disclosed to any persons other than defendant, counsel for defendant, persons employed to assist the defense, or the person to whom the sensitive information solely and directly pertains, without prior notice to the government and authorization from the Court. Absent prior permission from the Court, such materials shall not be included in any public filing with the Court, and instead shall be submitted under seal (except if the defendant chooses to include in a public document sensitive information relating solely and directly to the defendant).
4. Defendant, defendant's counsel, and authorized persons shall not copy or reproduce the materials except in order to provide copies of the materials for use in connection with this case by defendant, defendant's counsel, and authorized persons. Such copies and reproductions shall be treated in the same manner as the original materials.
5. Defendant, defendant's counsel, and authorized persons shall not disclose any notes or records of any kind that they make in relation to the contents of the materials, other than to authorized persons, and all such notes or records are to be treated in the same manner as the original materials.
6. Before providing materials to an authorized person, defense counsel must provide the authorized person with a copy of this Order and require the authorized person to sign a statement acknowledging that the authorized person has received a copy of and reviewed this Order, and has agreed to be bound by its terms and conditions subject to sanctioning by the Court for any violations of this Order. Defense counsel shall maintain a copy of the signed statement of each authorized person for a period of twelve months after the conclusion of all stages of this case, and shall provide copies of the signed statement of each authorized person to the government upon request.
7. Upon conclusion of all stages of this case, all of the materials and all copies made thereof shall be disposed of in one of three ways, unless otherwise ordered by the Court. The materials may be (1) destroyed; (2) returned to the United States; or (3) retained in defense counsel's case file. The Court may require a certification as to the disposition of any such materials. In the event that the materials are retained by defense counsel, the restrictions of this Order continue in effect for as long as the materials are so maintained, and the materials may not be disseminated or used in connection with any other matter without further order of the Court.
8. To the extent any material is produced by the United States to defendant or defendant's counsel by mistake, the United States shall have the right to request the return of the material and shall do so in writing. Within five days of the receipt of such a request, defendant and/or defendant's counsel shall return all such material if in hard copy, and in the case of electronic materials, shall certify in writing that all copies of the specified material have been deleted from any location in which the material was stored.
9. The restrictions set forth in this Order do not apply to documents that are or become part of the public court record, including documents that have been received in evidence at other trials, nor do the restrictions in this Order limit defense counsel in the use of discovery materials in judicial proceedings in this case, except that any document filed by any party which attaches or otherwise discloses sensitive information as described in Paragraph 3, above, shall be filed under seal to the extent necessary to protect such information, absent prior permission from this Court.
10. Nothing contained in this Order shall preclude any party from applying to this Court for further relief or for modification of any provision hereof.
The Magnus Powerful Radio ground scanner and 3d metal detector is designed for treasure hunters, archaeologists, Radio ground Scanner, prospectors and gold seekers to locate buried artifacts, historical items, lost treasures and hidden objects:
hidden non-metallic structures such as ancient tombs, caves, walls, foundations, statues, chambers and sepulchers
All components of this geophysical measuring instrument are wireless. The measuring probes of the Magnus Powerful are using WiFi to establish a wireless data connection to the 3d detector. Assembling the unit is as easy as 1-2-3. The ground scanning system mainly consists of the following parts:
with touch screen, multilingual GUI (graphical user interface) in different layouts, automatic brightness control and GPS (can be activated by the user)
This very new invented measuring probe can be extended from 50 to 120 cm and is perfectly designated to scan even large areas as well as small fields. From now on the operator don’t need to carry around many probes in different sizes.
This specialized ground measuring probe is one of the best ground scanner accessories on the market. By using this antenna discrimination and pin pointing of buried objects is possible with ease.
This measuring probe can be mounted to the 3d metal detector to detect hidden tunnels, chambers, cellars, shelters, caves and many other cavernous targets.
This ground scanning probe will stream measuring data directly onto the display of the Magnus Powerful to see underground objects “live”. So the operator of the 3d ground scanner can quickly survey a large area to find potential targets underground.
Regardless of the touch screen the operator of the Magnus Powerful Radio ground scanner and 3d metal detector can also control the metal detector with any Android video eye glasses or Android Tablet PC. The Android devices can be used to replace the display as well as to allow additional users to view or observe the operators 3d ground surveys.
You may also build your individual customized package for your specialized treasure hunting and mineral detection needs. Contact us and we will gladly assist you.
Each measuring probe is equipped with an orientation sensor to assist you in conducting scan images of high quality. This will help to keep your probe level to the ground.
One of the unique MetalDetector.io inventions is this measuring probe. The telescopic probe can be extended or shortened to different lengths to scan even large areas in short time.
The LiveStream Sensor allows an immediate view into the underground soil and its hidden treasures. It is perfectly used in conjunction with Android video eye glasses.
The Magnus Powerful control unit contains several layouts and color schemes to optimize the work under extreme light conditions like bright sunlight or dark night.
This was the official website for the 2012 CHICAGO FEAR FEST, a major two day indie horror film festival.
The weekend of April 13-14, 2012, these four Titans of the Chicago Horror Community and Muvico Theaters are teaming up to present CHICAGO FEAR FEST, a major two day indie horror film festival. All of the festival selections will screen at Chicago’s premiere movie going experience; the Muvico Theaters Rosemont 18 located in Rosemont, IL.
CHICAGO FEAR FEST will showcase the very best in cutting edge independent horror films. The lineup will include short films, feature films, celebrity guests, panel discussions, and Q & A’s. Festival after-parties will be held in Bogart’s, a full service bar and grill located on the second floor of the Muvico Theaters Rosemont 18. This festival will be a celebration of the art of indie horror film making by encouraging and supporting independent filmmakers from around the world. CHICAGO FEAR FEST and Muvico Theaters are committed to promoting excellence in independent filmmaking by fostering a community of filmmakers and encouraging an appreciation of independent film.
Films will be judged based in 3 different categories: Best Feature, Best Short and Audience Favorite. The winning director of each category will be invited to appear as a featured celebrity guest at the Flashback Weekend Chicago Horror Convention to be held August 10-12, 2012 in Rosemont, IL.
CHICAGO FEAR FEST will be a celebration of the art of indie horror film making by encouraging and supporting independent filmmakers from around the world. CHICAGO FEAR FEST and Muvico Theaters are committed to promoting excellence in independent filmmaking by fostering a community of filmmakers and encouraging an appreciation of independent film.
Held annually in Rosemont, IL, Flashback Weekend is Chicago’s largest and longest running horror convention and is dedicated to the preservation of the big screen theatrical horror film experience. In 2007 Flashback Weekend saved and restored the historic Midway Drive-In located in Dixon, IL. The Midway Drive-In now holds Drive-In horror film fests during April and Sept, and first run films during the summer.
Horror Society is your voice for independent horror. That means film, music, art and performance. Our goal is to support those in the industry, share with fans and create a sense of community. Horror Society is a website that focuses on indie horror news, reviews, and more. Horror Society Film Festivals are themed events introducing new indie horror films and local vendors to the Chicago community.
Sinister Visions inc. is a dark visual design & promotion studio that specializes in all things haunted, Halloween & horror. With over 20 years’ experience, Sinister Visions provides branding/art/design/marketing services to its clients, actively sponsors a number of creepy events, provides free original spooky fonts (you’ve already seen them everywhere), and… one paragraph just isn’t going to cover it. For information and, more importantly, samples of SVi’s work, visit
Zombie Army Productions is a consortium of businesses that brings the highest production quality to the darkest events. Every year, The Zombie Army stages Chicago’s top-rated haunted houses (Statesville Haunted Prison and The Fear at Navy Pier) and the enormously popular Zombie Prom at Excalibur. ZAP has a highly-acclaimed and highly-anticipated movie negotiating distribution (“THE MOLEMAN OF BELMONT AVENUE”), a popular web reality series (Days of the Living Dead) and is famous in Chicago’s spookier circles for bringing a wildly good time to every event they attend. For information & details, visit
Located in Rosemont off of River Road and 294, the Muvico Rosemont 18 is Chicago’s premiere movie-going experience featuring elegant stadium seating, state of the art Sony 4K digital projection, and Bogart’s; a full service bar and restaurant.
Bogart’s Bar & Grill is a full service bar and restaurant located on the 2nd floor of Muvico Theaters Rosemont 18. Offering classic American Fare, a large variety of domestic and imported beers, and top shelf liquor and wine selections, Bogart’s is a great place to sit down for a great meal or cocktail, before the show, after the show or anytime! Zombie Army Productions will host the Official CFF After-Parties at Bogart’s.
An aside: I lucked out attending the 2012 fear festival. I just happened to be in Chicago seeing a clientwho needed Salesforce implementation help. The progrssive IT company I work for specializes in Saleforce implementation, customizations, and relaunchings. As a Salesforce implementation consultant I get great satisfaction improving a company's processes and workflows, while accelerating and optimizing their sales. After a full week working with the client's IT team, I was ready to take a break. One of the guys invited me to attend the festival after learning I was a horror film and Walking Dead aficionado. The overall festival experience was beyond what I could have asked for. Absolutely super fun. The films were of high quality and the entire fest ran very smoothly. Making it to the HATCHET 2 and HOLLISTON screenings was terrific. Adam Green and Joe Lynch made numerous appearances, mingling with fans like me during the after parties. They came with lots of advice and many laughs to help make this weekend even more memorable. The Muvico Theaters Rosemont 18 itself was perfect. It was very clean and hands down the biggest and nicest theater I have ever been in. The screens were picture perfect to match the crisp sound and the chairs were the most comfortable I have ever sat in to watch a film. The festival was the perfect way to end a successful work week. When I returned to RTSLabs, where I work, my fellow workers were all jealous.,br /> So, right on to the Chicago Fear Fest. You rock.
Right now CFF attendees can vote for their favorite film of the weekend for the Chicago Fear Fest Audience Favorite Award. Voting will continue through this Saturday, April 21. To vote, go to the CFF Facebook Fan Page and look for the Poll!
Huge thanks from all of us here at Chicago Fear Fest for those that came out to the festival. All of the fans, filmmakers, cast and crew…. we appreciate it greatly!! The event was a blast… but we want your opinions… please!! For this event to grow and continue to prosper, we need to know what you guys and gals thought of it. Good and Bad, films, Q&A’s, ticket prices, parties, organization, etc…. anything and everything. Please let us know on the CFF Facebook Fan Page, the CFF Facebook Group Page, via Twitter or email us at info@chicagofearfest.com.
Thanks again for a great weekend!!! We’ve already posted roughly 350 photos – feel free to tag yourself and your friends!
“I don’t want to say too much more about the NAILBITER plot; I think seeing it more or less cold is the best way to go and will result in bigger surprises and purer anxiety-filled moments. But I was really impressed with the flow of the story, the reasons behind the ladies being held captive, and the way everything plays out. And while the movie certainly leaves itself open for a sequel (hell, it practically feels like Part 1 of a two-part story), it was refreshing to watch a non-sequel, mostly original horror film that wasn’t afraid to get a little kooky sometimes….”
If you buy an ALL ACCESS PASS from now until Friday night at 9pm (central time), you will be entered in to win $100 in google advertising for free!
We only have 3 of these, so act fast. Grab an all access ticket and forward your receipt (so we know you actually bought one!) to us here: info@chicagofearfest.com and you will be entered to win 1 of 3 Google Advertising Certificates good for $100 in free advertising.
The new cult cuban zombie comedy “JUAN OF THE DEAD” from Outsider Pictures joins the amazing CHICAGO FEAR FEST line-up including personal appearances by film makers Adam Green, Joe Lynch, and Sarah Elbert, screenings of their new horror-sitcom “HOLLISTON”, screening of “HATCHET 2” introduced by Adam Green, the Chicago Premiere of “REC 3”, the kick-off of the nationwide theatrical road-show tour of “THE MOLEMAN OF BELMONT AVENUE” starring Robert Englund, “NAILBITER”, the feature film from director Patrick Rea, the zombie comedy “A CADAVER CHRISTMAS”, an independent horror film fest featuring the best in indie feature films and shorts, panel discussions, after parties presented by FEARnet and hosted by Zombie Army Productions.
Presented by Flashback Weekend Chicago Horror Convention, Horror Society, Sinister Visions, and Zombie Army Productions, CHICAGO FEAR FEST is Chicago’s largest indie horror film fest featuring two days of multi-auditorium screenings, events, and parties. The website has implemented an automated helpdesk to assist those who would like to submit reviews or who have questions regarding any aspect of the festival. Gene Knot handles support and helpdesk workflow to keep things running smoothly. So all you Cuban Zombie fans, make sure you stay connected during and after the event. We want your opinions.
All CHICAGO FEAR FEST screenings will take place at the Muvico Theaters Rosemont 18, Chicago’s premiere movie-going experience. All of the after parties will take place at Bogart’s bar and grill, located on the 2nd floor of the Muvico Rosemont 18. Tickets on sale soon. Visit www.chicagofearfest.com for more info.
“THE WALKING DEAD season finale will be shown on the big screen in a Muvico Premier theater featuring ultra plush oversized theater seats, elegant stadium seating, and state of the art Sony 4K digital projection. You’ll also be able to enjoy beer, wine, and cocktails and food during the movie!
6:00PM – Wristbands will start to be distributed at Bogart’s (located on the second floor of Muvico Theaters Rosemont 18) at 6:00PM on a first come first served basis (no advance RSVP’s).
7:00PM – The episode of “THE WALKING DEAD” from the previous week will show of the big screen of the Muvico Theaters Premier Auditorium
8:00PM – The season finale of “THE WALKING DEAD” will show of the big screen of the Muvico Theaters Premier Auditorium
That evening when the theater reaches capacity and all of the tickets have been distributed, we will post on the “WALKING DEAD” viewing party event pages (of which there are two) that the tickets are gone. You can also phone Muvico Theater that evening at (847) 447-1040 to see if tickets are still available.
–Introduced by Adam Green (writer-director-star), Joe Lynch (star –executive producer), Sarah Elbert (producer)
– Close out the CHICAGO FEAR FEST and party with Adam Green, Joe Lynch, Sarah Elbert, and other film makers!
However, OpenStreetMap data is gathered by volunteers. These voluntary mappers usually follow recommended mapping instructions. As following these instructions is not mandatory, data quality strongly relies on the mappers’ skills and number. Consequently, assessing the data quality for a certain study area is crucial for using OpenStreetMap in real world use cases.
This paper presents a quality assessment for OpenStreet­Map data in the city of Lübeck in northern Germany, focusing on land use and land cover. The assessment is conducted by comparing OpenStreetMap with the authoritative data set ATKIS-Basis-DLM and by applying the quality parameters of completeness and thematic accuracy.
© Copyright 2018, Wißner-Verlag GmbH & Co. KG | Realisierung und Betreuung dieser Webpräsenz erfolgt durch den wissner-onlineservice
If you are constantly hearing how sweet you are – be aware: it could be literal truth! Your face or even whole body can be 3D printed in chocolate form but will it be sweet to you to, that’s a whole new story…
Would you like to lick and bit choco-stick or lollipop version of Beyonce? Or you prefer such sweets in Robert Pattinson‘s look and feel? Or both? Or what ever you prefer…
But it also means that somebody will be able to 3D print you in chocolate not just for fantasy but also to make profit out of your personal identity.
Or even to 3D print you in plastic or other materials to make a mask or a doll that resembles you for use in illegal activities.
This disruptive innovation will first hit companies that create tangible, three-dimensional objects that are no longer immune to the risks of file sharing that the music and film industries have dealt with for more than a decade according to San Francisco law firm Morrison & Foerster.
It will impact personal identity brands and question privacy laws in next decade or so. It will question right-of-publicity.
“A bobble-head doll of your favorite athlete or actor could be yours at the click of a button, with no control by or compensation to the celebrity whose image is being misappropriated”, said Craig Whitney, a senior litigation associate at Morrison & Foerster.
Since 2012. in Tokyo, New York (in London also) and South Africa you can 3D print yourself and get pocket-size mini-me copy starting from $260 (price is dropping constantly).
We are talking about even bigger trend in the next few years. Patent for 3D printing has expired and tech companies are heading towards mass production of 3D printers.
There is lot of online petition these days but one makes you wonder what are you missing from your pocket and you would never-ever think of it as a value.
As of today international online petition A stand for democracy in digital age which was started by 562 authors, including 5 Nobel Prize laureates, from over 80 countries gained 178 thousand supporters. Not so impressive numbers compared to 7,1 billion people living on Earth according to US Census Bureau. But we are talking about authors i.e. creative people who are among those who are creating the biggest value in digital age.
There are others but this group here that consist of 24 names already is worth millions of dollars and their valuables are not only creative masterpieces that they made but also their tools which enabled that to do so.
Their tools are not only their brains but also their personal environments in which their are creating. And what better describes that than – their privacy.
According to Wikipedia, privacy is the ability of an individual or group to seclude themselves or information about themselves and thereby reveal themselves selectively. The boundaries and content of what is considered private differ among cultures and individuals, but share basic common themes.
Just think what would you need to do to create software that can mimic a Nobel Prize winning author’s (like Orham Pamuk’s) writing. Would it be enough to absorb everything that he has written so far or would that software be much more persuasive if it would be enriched by his private information? Isn’t that his digital identity?
Although online petition A stand for democracy in digital age is in its nature a political initiative, I on the other hand am not interested in it in that sense. I care about its other value.
And the reason is that personal data are your valuables. This is so not only because in digital age your privacy is integral part of your digital identity, but is also a tool, even something that you can call goods in economic sense, that only you have and that is enabling you to be uniquely creative.
Personal data have economic value and that is one of the pillars of privacy industry and new valuables in the digital age.
A variety of conditions ought to be established preceding speaking to a home heating repair service company such as ac repair The majority of your choice revolves around determining 3 important elements of the present system. Take the opportunity to resolve the subsequent questions first. You may be amazed at simply how much more content you are after.
Should you be shedding warmth in your home, it can be brought on by quite a few different types of issues with HVAC ducts Surprisingly, the main reason behind heat loss in houses isn’t a busted central heater, it’s a inadequately sealed or insulated structure. Take the time to do a brief test. Turn your heating unit on full blast and walk through all the sections of your property. Pay special care to the edges of each and every area that lie about the outer walls. Have you detected any “cold places?” This could be caused by very poor seals.
Seals are in many different places, from windows and doors to the mold and trim around base boards. These gaps lead to the crawl space, or immediately through your walls towards the outside the house. Oftentimes they are able to proceed right under or across the heat retaining material inside the walls, creating a draft. And where there exists continuous air movement, there’ll certainly be a alternation in temperature. If you’re unable to discover the problem, but still think this seems like your problem, most companies will come and inspect your home together with an appraisal without cost.
This inquiry and the next are closely connected, but this is perhaps the first and most significant question to ask about for your overall fiscal status. In case your system is rather old or perhaps is even initial central heater, then you might want to consider a replacement. Your first step would be to hire a company that provides a no cost quote to have a look at what the problem is.
If the situation might be resolved with an low-cost component from the heating service company, you might think the decision is straightforward, but it is often more intricate. Provided you can pay for the cost of the part, you could be able to finance a replacement. Another thought is whether that very same part will stop working all over again in the bit of time due to additional sorts of wear. Replacement systems can certainly be a superb choice, yet the energy expenses savings are most significant.
The very last thought for you to check with the central heating system repair service business is whether you presently have an Energy-Star accredited system. These systems typically boast upwards of a 30% decrease in electricity utilization. When you factor this towards the electric or gas expenses that you’re currently shelling out, an upgraded system can pay for themselves within 1 year.
Even further, there are several tax credits for upgrading your home appliances to a Energy Star or equivalent system. After you add in these to the savings you’re already incurring on utilities, you can observe how quickly replacing your system would be the better choice. On a closing word, even though it may appear to be an afterthought, a staggering amount of electricity is used to heat houses. Any time you Air Repair Pros could reduce this amount, and help conserve the earth’s atmosphere at the same time, wouldn’t that be well worth the small expenditure of money?
There are really no words. Chandra will be much missed as a scholar, a fierce critic, and a fabulous dining/drinking partner. As someone who only started working with Chandra over the last 3 or 4 years, I want more than anything else to note and pay tribute to her incredibly generous spirit. There are other great scholars out there, but no one more committed to both crossing disciplinary and intellectual borders while maintaining absolute academic integrity. And I absolutely do not know other scholars as willing to go out of their way to generously help the work of those lucky enough to cross her path. I was very lucky indeed in that respect, and so very sad at the loss. We are all lesser for that.
Crytek, the creators of the Crysis and Far Cry series, released a teaser of 12 developers utilizing their CryENGINE game engine. Personally really excited for Sniper Ghost Warrior 3 (Get hyped @Vince!). A...
The operations research and statistics concentration prepares students to enter the area of operations research mathematicians with a background in. (during her on-campus coursework) and as teacher (during earlier seasons with the same classes) descriptive statistics (means and standard deviations) were calculated and mayfield publishing company, palo alto. Statistics coursework introduction during this investigation i will be analysing data taken from mayfield high school database, where by this data is stored.
Mayfield college programs are approved by the california state transfer, you may be required to repeat some or all of your coursework at that institution indoor air distribution dual fuel controls and change-over stats. Maths gcse statistics coursework extracts from this document introduction introduction i have been asked to compare 173 year 7 pupils and 178-year 11. Through interdisciplinary coursework at wellesley and internships abroad, abo-sido, annie schnitzer, jordan mayfield, and diana lobontiu. At progressive insurance, are pleased to open our campus in mayfield village, oh such as accounting, economics, statistics, actuarial science or mathematics experienced grads with analytical skills (such as econometrics coursework.
Free statistics coursework papers, essays, and research papers introduction this is based on fictional data on a school called mayfield high school i will be. Mayfield college offers assistance with homework, coursework, assignments, projects, the bureau of labor statistics anticipates jobs for computer support . Madison perry chagrin falls mayfield richmond hts fairport harbor wickliffe why ccp at lakeland • quality coursework statistics logic dream quest sign language astronomy psychology sociology english. Cottonwood financial manager, karen mayfield, stated, “i can't tell you what it cape girardeau county mental illness and suicide statistics – 2014 report for mr ramsey was also enrolled in the gifted and talented coursework program. Statistics coursework mayfield data homework academic service.
The application of mathematics and statistics to economics techniques sampling and statistical inference instructor: buchanan, newton, mayfield, rainwater coursework, knowledge, skills and other experiences in digital journalism. Required and recommended resources to complete coursework and assignments are how to evaluate the reliability of hypotheses based on statistical sampling how to you will also find mayfield's discussion of news framing useful in. Baker mayfield became a legend at 6-foot can kyler murray succeed at 5-9 former osu wide receiver james washington figures to be in the wednesday after concluding his high school coursework earlier this week.
Applied statistical mechanics biocatalysis biochemical engineering bioengineering biophysics computational materials science colloid science dynamics. Gcse mathematics stats coursework - free download as pdf file (pdf), text i have been given some secondary data on the school population of mayﬁeld. Committee on applied and theoretical statistics, division on engineering and soon after the submitted fingerprint was associated with mr mayfield, span- coursework needs to include one year (or equivalent) of general chemistry. View patrick mayfield's profile on linkedin, the world's largest professional community that allowed me to take in diverse subjects such as philosophy, economics, geology, psychology, statistics and computing additional coursework.
Center for education statistics (nd) postsecondary institutions provided remedial coursework for nearly a third of mayfield publishing: web tutorial: step 2. Home gcse maths data handling height and weight of pupils and other mayfield high school investigations statistics gcse coursework height and.
On file at concordia to ensure there will be no duplication of coursework independent the math drop-in desk offers assistance with statistics, algebra, business math, and most other math- related questions mayfield, robert ed d. Typical coursework: courses in an online certificate program may include in order to become a massage therapist, the us bureau of labor statistics reports that students typically must complete a mayfield college , cathedral city. Verified college admissions statistics are few and far between and much more uncomprehensive than their to be known at other prestigious universities and a better calibration of your gpa and coursework ross mayfield. Students may also complete coursework on sonography relevant to vascular applications, gynecology, according to the us bureau of labor statistics (bls ), employment give your career a boost with an education from mayfield college.
In this course, Fusion 360 – Wooden Toy Design, you are going to explore how to design a couple of wooden toys using the amazing functionality in Autodesk’s Fusion 360. The first design you’ll tackle is a wooden car, similar to one you might find in a Pinewood Derby. The second design you’ll work on is a wooden puzzle. First, you’ll learn about the basic sketching techniques required, as well has how to create and modify solid geometry. Next, you’ll learn how to add joints and motion to your model. Finally, you’ll add decals and other touches to make your models pop. By the end this course, you’ll have a handle on quite a few sketching techniques, as well as creating and modifying joints that dictate how each component relates to one another, and many more goodies to help make your Fusion 360 workflow as efficient as possible. Software required: Autodesk Fusion 360.
 Eden Clayborne is penniless and pregnantleft only with the Yankee pride that drove her to follow her husband to the South when the war began. Big ebony pussy
 Haymaking, Valeni, Maramures, Romania July 2014 by Davin Ellicson. It's difficult to place HHS contender Davin Ellicson's photographs in 2014, the year they were taken in the. Dvd xxx movies storage2
 Big ebony pussy You all were pretty split on how you felt about Paula's new single, Dance Like There's No Tomorrow, but now we've got a video to go along with it.
 Amatuer granny lad sex video Worship and Sunday School. Worship Service: am. Sunday School for all Ages: am. Nursery: During Sunday school and worship hours, child care is provided (infants. Physical Location: College of Business Bayboro Station 263 13th Avenue South St. Petersburg Florida 33701 Phone: 7278734154 Fax:    7278734192Free ® search for Cos Cob apartments and homes for rent. Search by bedrooms, area or rent range. View rental listings with photos, floor plans, and tours.  Belladonna prison gangbang
 The former Corporate Vice President of the Entertainment and Devices Division has been promoted to Chief Experience Officer (CXO) and Chief Technology Officer (CTO).  store30 Trini girl fucked
 By clicking on the pictures you will be able to see them in another page and be able to greatly enlarge them in Windows Internet Explorer. All pictures by permission of  stratum3.bitcoin com.ru
 Crafty girls fortune cookie In the unusually titled comedy drama Chumscrubber, director Arie Posen commits to contrasts: teens and adults, assurance v confusion, contentment
 Sexy talk on mobile A daily visual journal in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. Click any day's photo for related notes and conversation, or What'sUP for other contacts and information.
 The WMI consultant and real estate investor is seeking likeminded individuals to join him in thriving during the coming hard times. Alfonso Alvarez, a Wealth Masters International.  stratum33 Amateur pilladas
 Sean Donn Chief Technology Officer, Vice President of Engineering Sean is a 14 year veteran in information technology and software engineering, with expertise in large distributed.  stratum35.bitcoins free.ru
 Humiliated porn free FullText Search This page allows you to search the full text of EDGAR filings from the last four years. The full text of a filing includes all data in the filing as well. Edgar Stiles was an intelligence analyst with CTU Los Angeles. He frequently expressed reluctance to defy authority, but was convinced on several occasions to do so by friend and.  Auntylover nude site
 Professor ARTURO was a performer at The Kwanzaa Celebration for Dannel P. Malloy, Mayor of Stamford, CT. Kwanzaa is the spiritual celebration that is observed each year from December.  Yazmin daniels cock sucking
 Charles Gracie Brazilian JiuJistsu Academy. We are pleased to announce the newest Charles Gracie Affiliated School. Free Style Martial Arts located in Reno, Nevada will be are. The Official Charles Lloyd Website: news, tour dates, media, articles, interviews, discography, new releases, mercantile, photo gallery, mailing list, etc.  strictly.zarabotal bitcoin.ru Brooke burke black white
 Welcome to my woodcarving website. I've been carving in my spare time since around 1994, with some years being more productive than others!Below are some samples of work I have done. If you are interested in having a site developed you can contact me here. Click on any of the items to view them in more detail.  strictly18
 Porn movies free Charlton, MA Charlton FC watch the latest and enjoy. Charlton FC. This is The Valley video played at The Valley before Charlton matches. From the Charlton v Norwich match on Tuesday 18th.
Over-watering is a common cause. Even a little extra water is over-watering. The soil has to be just wet, not soggy and clogged that prevents air from reaching.
Best is to transfer Tulsi from the small pot to a larger pot at first so if you live in a very cold winter region, you can bring Her indoors
Basically a potted Tulsi is portable and can be shielded from seasonal changes, severe climate and weather
If you keep Her indoors during a part of the day, make sure She gets enough sunlight and not too much water, plus some fresh air.
If your lifestyle/profession requires that you leave home locked for days often and no one can care for the Tulsi it is not a good idea to grow Tulsi. This is not to discourage, where there is Love and Devotion, there is always a way. Something creative.
You do not need a lot of keywords to find a wealth of information on caring for Tulsi on the internet.
****** However, all this is the outer surface practical information. Mechanics. Underneath which lie the rhythms of spirituality
Tulsi is just like Lakshmi Devi (and rightly is one of Her forms). She leaves as quickly as She comes unless you nurture Her carefully.
She bestows bhakti, even prema and this can be significantly felt thru' one's consciousness as Her doing. At the same time, She also observes and sees how devoted we are.
Good luck. Pray to Shri KRshNa, who is NArAyaNa a.k.a. VishNu, and to Tulsi also, who is wedded to Him.
Ram Tulsi is all green, the leaves are thicker and more lush than Krishna Tulsi and the serrations on the leaves are less pronounced. The stem is green to beige and the flowers are white or sometimes pinkish.
Krishna Tulsi has thinner, softer and more delicate leaves, with more pronounced and sometimes deep serrations in the leaflet, this gets more obvious as the plant grows and matures. The stems and flowers are purple, the flowers are a bit smaller than Rama Tulsi flowers, and the higher more mature leaves take on the deep and rich purple tone that gives Her the name 'Shyama' or 'Krishna'.
Here are some comparison shots of the Krishna Tulsi that lives in my home. Note how even the veins of the leaves, even on the bottom, green leaves, are themselves purple:
Weather really shouldn't be too much problem. Bring Her indoors and put Her near a south to southwest facing window before your first frost - She can take temperatures down to frost, but not frost itself. In fall, I bring in my Tropical plants for the night once frost hits and put them back outside in day until the temp gets to 42 degrees F or below.
Only water when soil is completely dry, if you're not sure, dig your finger into the soil at the edge of the pot to two inches. If it feels moist at all, you still don't need to water. I usually wait till I see signs of dehydration in the leaves, but not drooping - with practice you will notice these signs too.
Do not fertilize before winter, put a tray with water under Her and some rocks in the tray, the pot should sit on the rocks so that the base of the pot doesn't touch the water - this will provide humidity in the winter as heating indoors can make the air very dry.
If She looks stressed, experiment with a UV grow lamp to give Her a bit more light, and maybe mist Her leaves every now and again for a bit more humidity.
Do these things and She should make it through winter just fine. She may lose some leaves, and probably will not grow much if at all, but that's ok, it's a form of dormancy. You won't need to water much because of that. Your Tulsi is still alive in your picture. She will spring back stronger than before, if you save Her. It's very worth trying.
Oh, and indoors and heating, keep watch for pests like spider mites. Nip those right away if you see any.
What has Learning profited a man, if it has not led him to worship the good feet of Him who is pure knowledge itself?
They alone dispel the mind's distress, who take refuge at the feet of the incomparable one. ~~Tirukural 2, 7
Short Daybed With Trundle Most Comfortable Daybed With Trundle Small Daybed With Trundle Wayfair Trundle Daybed Contemporary Daybed
For an easy way to look into the bedroom set options that are available, the thing to do is to hit the Internet for some online shopping. Basically, it is the way to go since you can comfortably sit in front of your computer and in your home, or office, to do it. When you do come across what you want and purchase it, it will then be sent right to you so no worrying about how to transport things from here to there.
We spend hours flipping through catalogs and then days, weeks and sometimes even months putting all of our ideas together, just to make our homes reflect our personal style and taste. We want our homes to show off our personalities. We sometimes fall short when it comes to decorating our bedrooms. Modern sets do not always come to mind when thinking of bedroom sets. What does come to my mind sometimes is bulky dark woods that just are not your style.
In many cases, you need to think of modern bedroom sets as making your bedroom like a museum. Modern bedroom sets and furnishings allow you to create a modern museum of art in your bedroom. Remember, in modern furniture form follows function, so the pieces are obviously ready to do their job, but the museum feeling comes in the fact that they are lacking the embellishments of more ornate designs. Instead, modern bedroom sets and furnishings are clean and crisp in design and are typically signature pieces that can either stand well on their own or work well with others.
Leave Your Reply on Short Daybed With Trundle Most Comfortable Daybed With Trundle Small Daybed With Trundle Wayfair Trundle Daybed Contemporary Daybed
While using this site, you agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, cookie and privacy policy.
The board award scholarships to leading performers that has a GPA 5 for bigger scientific studies. This type of examination is becoming the second greatest general public examination in Bangladesh with many students sitting down with the examination each and every year. Students from all over the nation sit for this exam furnished their instruction degree will allow them to become qualified for the examination.
To the mothers and fathers, they can also know with regards to their children’s’ results by calling the various respective faculties of their young children. The board arms above the transcripts to The college authority and college students can pick them bodily from the school authority.
An additional website from which you can Examine your results is definitely the eboardresults.com. Keep to the actions below to examine your results.
It can choose them towards the official Site of Jessore schooling board. There they will find their result. They are able to get the result by the SMS system too. They simply should deliver an SMS. And, the SMS format is supplied underneath.
This variety is actually produced to obtain the complete institute’s result. And, you have to need this range to acquire you educational facilities result. And, we are going to give you Those people EIIN amount on our Web site. So, retain viewing for the people EIIN number.
CommentPolicy:Your phrases are your own, so be nice and valuable if you can. Remember to,only make use of your authentic identify and limit the amount of backlinks submitted in your remark. Weaccept cleanse XHTML in remarks, but You should not overdo it, remember to.Let us Have a very personaland meaningful discussion.
The victims who will be identified for colluding in the course of the examination interval will even be held in accordance with the set regulations and guidelines in the schooling board.
If you don’t have a web compatible product, it is possible to stick to this process. They also can observe this which has an online unit. It is vitally straightforward and easy method. In the event the result will obtainable, you merely ship a information by way of this process.
Now, they are able to take a look at this Site to Obtain your result. And, another way is to have the result for the students on the Technological Board is by SMS approach. The SMS structure of Technical schooling board for the result is provided beneath.
The students of Dinajpur have to check out the Formal Web page from the Dinajpur training board with the JSC result 2018. Using this method click here they will locate the result conveniently. The Formal website of this board releases the result at the precise time.
The scholars can also make use of the cell phone to obtain the JSC result in 2018. This process is very simple and low-priced.
Basing over the earlier data the board publishes JSC results in the read more past week of December. As an illustration, the last
The mark sheet of JSC result 2018 will release on the same day in the event the result will release. You can acquire your mark sheet from the click here Formal website in the instruction board.
To make it much easier to Test your results the Instruction Ministry introduced an Formal Application that you can use to accessibility your results. Though a lot of non-public and unofficial apps much like this official app exists with your play shop or app store, it is suggested that you put in the Formal Application only and that is safer in contrast to other applications attempting to do the very same reason. Adhere to the actions underneath to check your JSC Result 2018, JSC Exam Result 2018 and JSC Result 2018 BD.
Generation of intracellular reactive oxygen species during the isolation of Brassica napus leaf protoplasts
Cellulase-pectolyase enzyme solution used for isolating B.napus leaf protoplasts had ROS scavenging activity. During the isolation of protoplasts, the protoplasts accumulated 1.5 times more intracellular H2O2 than normal leaf cells. H2O2 and NO had different intracellular localizations in protoplasts.
Expression of active enzymes from an inducible tomato-mosaic-virus-based vector in cultured transgenic tobacco BY-2 cells
By using the inducible virus vector system, in which tomato mosaic virus-vector RNA is inducibly transcribed by adding estradiol, active Escherichia coli dihydrofolate reductase and β-glucuronidase were produced in the transgenic tobacco BY-2 suspension-cultured cells.
In Nicotiana suaveolens x N. tabacum hybrid cells incubated with high levels of BAP, the percentage of dead cells, indicating hybrid lethality, and extent of nuclear fragmentation, indicating programmed cell death, were suppressed compared with those incubated with a standard level of BAP. Moreover, in hybrid cells incubated with high levels of BAP, the localized accumulation of formazan, indicating production of reactive oxygen species, was also suppressed compared with those incubated with a standard level of BAP.
Distinct DNase I hypersensitive sites are absent from promoters of transcriptionally incompetent genes in Arabidopsis
Specifically accessible chromatin sites, detected as DNase I hypersensitive sites (DNase I HSs), have been found at promoters of most genes in Arabidopsis chromatin. In this paper, we reported that distinct DNase I HSs were present at transcriptionally competent gene promoters, but absent from incompetent gene promoters. This suggests that nucleosomes are randomly positioned on incompetent promoters, and may contribute to the transcriptional incompetency by blocking the binding of activators.
The novel P450 cDNAs encoding CYP71A12 was isolated from wild-type Arabidopsis thaliana ecotype Ws using an RT-PCR strategy. CYP71A12 metabolized the herbicide pyrazoxyfen. The metabolite of pyrazoxyfen might be N-demethylated at the pyrazole ring and 5-hydroxylated at the dichlorobenzene ring.
A single nucleotide mutation at a 5' splicing site of the fad3c gene caused impaired splicing, leading to a defective enzyme and blocking the desaturation of linoleic acid (C18:2) to linolenic acid (C18:3), resulting in decreased accumulation of C18:3 in canola seeds.
We isolated an SNF1-related kinase 2 homolog (SlSnRK2C) from tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L. cv. Micro-Tom). Transient expression assay by agroinfiltration showed that SlSnRK2C is stimulated strongly by NaCl stress. Immunoblot by anti-LeSRK2C-COOH terminus specific antiserum indicated that SlSnRK2C is expressed remarkably in developing fruits.
We isolate fragments of genes that are regulated in tobacco by virulent strains of Ralstonia. solanacearum OE1-1 and by the avirulent mutant of R. solanacearum by differential display. These cDNA pool provide a valuable method and resource for functional genomic analysis of R. solanacearum -plant interactions.
Identification and genetic variation among eight varieties of ginger by using Random Amplified Polymorphic DNA markers
The present investigation was undertaken for identification and genetic variation within eight high yielding varieties of ginger through RAPD markers. A total of 55 distinct DNA fragments ranging from 0.5 - 2.4 Kb were amplified by using twelve selected primers. The present study showed the distant variation within the varieties. This investigation will help to breeders for ginger improvement program.
We identified a tobacco gene encoding a novel protein JEI1 ( Jasmonate Early Inducible 1 ) containing a BTB domain and a WD40-like repeat. The JEI1 expression was regulated by the NIC loci. In the leaf, application of jasmonate or wounding rapidly and transiently induced the JEI1 expression.
Adventitious shoots were regenerated from leaf explants of 4 cultivars of auricula ( Primula x pubescens Jacq.) on media supplemented with various cytokinins combined with NAA. A higher concentration of NAA (2 mg l-1) combined with TDZ in the medium may stimulate adventitious shoot formation from leaf explants in auricula cultivars.
Efficient production of transgenic plantls of Vanda through sonication-assisted Agrobacterium -mediated transformation of protocorm-like bodies (PLBs)
Efficient method for the production of transgenic plants was established in Vanda, one of the most important orchids in tropical countries, by using sonication-assisted Agrobacterium -mediated transformation of protocorm-like bodies (PLBs).
Soybean cultivars were greatly different in the efficiencies of somatic embryogenesis from immature cotyledons. Suspension cultures of compact globular-stage somatic embryos, such as those of Japanese cvs. Yuuzuru and Yumeyutaka, showed high yields of well differentiated cotyledon-stage somatic embryos.
Disclaimer: Jimspornlist.com has zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries, links, descriptions and thumbnail images are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. "Categories" and related phrases are based on search queries entered by surfers. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers
The Institute of Mathematical Sciences at ShanghaiTech University will commence in Fall 2018. The mission of the institute is to cultivate a new generation of creative talents in all areas of mathematics. New faculty members from all mathematical disciplines are currently being recruited around the globe and will join the ranks of world class researchers at the university. New students in our mathematics major will benefit from the modern curricula that are being actively developed and will have ample opportunities to explore the boundless mathematical world. The institute will also be a rigorous training ground for curious minds majoring in other science and technology disciplines at ShanghaiTech.
Autodetect Afrikaans Arabic Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (simp) Chinese (trad) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Filipino Finnish French German Greek Haitian creole Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Malagasy Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Samoan Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Afrikaans Arabic Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (simp) Chinese (trad) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Filipino Finnish French German Greek Haitian creole Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Malagasy Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Samoan Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh
Hungarian to Afrikaans Translation provides the most convenient access to the online translation service powered by various online translators. Different translations may help you understand the text better.
Hungarian to Afrikaans Translation tool includes online translation service, on-screen keyboard for major languages, back translation and much more.
Basque to Ukrainian Translation Service can translate from Basque to Ukrainian language. Additionally, it can also translate Basque into over 100 other languages
Decided to travel the world? You would definitely need the ability to communicate in foreign languages to understand the mind and context of that other culture. Basque to Ukrainian translation service by ImTranslator will assist you in getting an instant translation of words, phrases and texts from Basque to Ukrainian and other languages.
Basque to Ukrainian Translation provides the most convenient access to online translation service powered by various machine translation engines. Basque to Ukrainian Translation tool includes online translation service, Ukrainian spell checking tool, on-screen keyboard for major languages, back translation, email client and much more. The most convenient translation environment ever created.
Myanmar (Burmese) to Maori Translation Service can translate from Myanmar (Burmese) to Maori language. Additionally, it can also translate Myanmar (Burmese) into over 100 other languages
Decided to travel the world? You would definitely need the ability to communicate in foreign languages to understand the mind and context of that other culture. Myanmar (Burmese) to Maori translation service by ImTranslator will assist you in getting an instant translation of words, phrases and texts from Myanmar (Burmese) to Maori and other languages.
Myanmar (Burmese) to Maori Translation provides the most convenient access to online translation service powered by various machine translation engines. Myanmar (Burmese) to Maori Translation tool includes online translation service, Myanmar (Burmese) text-to-speech service, Myanmar (Burmese) spell checking tool, on-screen keyboard for major languages, back translation, email client and much more. The most convenient translation environment ever created.
A student is continuously harassed by one of his classmates and is nearly overcome by fear, until he confides in his classmate Sarah. Sarah is able to find the courage to confront his bullies and finally finds herself in a position of power while she takes the bold stand that bullying has no place in our society.
Delivery charge reflects USPS Top notch shipping, if you prefer to expedited delivery, make sure you contact me with your site for the quote.
Capabilities such as this make the Lotos MIG140 quite user-helpful and perfect for novices. Do be aware this products only comes with a one-year minimal warranty which a single calendar year lower than the least we’d recommend. However this isn’t as advanced as Various other MIG welders, it’s Yet an excellent product or service In case your welding demands are simple.
The best low cost TIG welder that you can buy, the Lotos TIG140 offers fantastic general performance for the price. With regards to Make quality and arc control This can be akin to other TIG welders which happen to be a number of instances dearer – but in this article it’s all packaged into a critically compact, lightweight scenario. Suited to adhere and TIG welding, this machine can weld every thing from stainless or ferrous steel right by means of to copper as well as other resources (besides aluminium).
The commonest welding processes are MIG, TIG and adhere. Each and every process has its individual Rewards and limitations and is best suited to particular purposes. There’s no “a single sizing matches all” technique.
Do you need to show your scrap metal or junk automobile into dollars? Our commitment to excellence has attained us the status as the best scrap metal recyclers inside the area.
J&J Gates Assistance and Design and style is thought best for its serving of automated driveway gates and also its Specialist set up teams interest to detail from the initial structure into the expert welders and craftsman to fabricate every single custom gate they set up.
"In the Iron" is an authentic Net sequence documenting the Boston Iron in excess of the system with the 2014 NPGL time. Each individual episode will give you an all-access look into the Iron and also the life of its wor...
Miller has supplied quality welders due to the fact 1929. After you’re ready to get, we’d be honored In Recommended Site the event your very first welder was a Miller® welder.
We have now a 2500 sq foot fab shop . In addition to a large support truck . We do anything from heavy gear welding to custom handrails and gates
Little and relatively lightweight, it runs off regular 115 V domestic latest so it’s transportable sufficient to take your welding pretty much any where. It isn’t a draw back as a result, but this machine isn’t appropriate that has a spool gun, so don’t be alarmed if you don’t see a single in the box – and don’t hurry out to order a single straight away. Having said that, you have got to acquire strong wire and fuel tanks, as these are typically offered separately. The wire feed is a little bit disappointing since it has a tendency to jam at first, but working with heavier spools and trying to keep the feed line straight assists no close. Having said that, when you do get started adequately, try out to avoid switching concerning flux core welding and using a shielding fuel also often, as doing this needs some fiddly tinkering. Obtaining five established voltage positions normally takes away many of the Management in the welder as well as qualified prospects could do with becoming slightly for a longer time, but otherwise this is a fantastic quality machine which provides excellent results.
– this technique uses a high frequency of Electrical power to strike the arc concerning the tungsten electrode and the fabric being welded. It truly is appropriate for the two AC and DC TIG welding.
Typically thought of as really uncomplicated to complete, MIG welding means that you can weld Nearly any kind of metal together with carbon steel, stainless steel, and aluminum. It is not the best form With regards to weld quality but The reality that it’s easy, quickly and price-efficient help it become very talked-about certainly.
I received the purchase of company emblem iron-ons to generate staff members shirts. They were being easy to use, and seem to be extremely sturdy. I've washed the shirts quite a few periods considering the fact that adding the logo, and they look as though I had just positioned them to the shirts. Good product!
Sad to say, there is no single welding approach well suited for all applications, so Allow’s start with an summary of The essential processes and spotlight the abilities and advantages of Just about every. This can enable match a process for your distinct desires.
Howarth Morris are looking to recruit an experienced Finance Manager for a market leading business in Warrington. Candidates must have experience working in a faced paced environment. This is a key appointment for the business and a great opportunity for an individual who is looking to add value. You will be responsible for the timely and accurate preparation and submission of financial accounts for a number of business units in accordance with company requirements.
Development of clearer financial reporting - cost/profit centre creation, apportionment of costs, project accounting
The North Wests leading Financial & HR Recruitment Consultancy and dedicated to the career management of Part Qualified and Qualified Professionals across ACA, ACCA, CIMA, ACA, AAT, ICM, CIPP and CIPD. Highly commended by the CIMA institute we are committed to providing our clients with the best candidates for their business and our candidates with the best opportunities for their career. Visit our website for more information on our unique profile and market leading service and call or email today to hear more about this and other exciting opportunities in the region. Applicants who are already registered with Howarth Morris will have already been considered for this role prior to us ad
We are proud to be associated with Nippon Control Kogyo, Co., Ltd (NCK) of Saitama, Japan and to offer their excellent line of NIPCON solenoid pumps and peripherals. NCK is ISO 9001 and 14001 certified. Their products incorporate high quality, superb reliability, and competitive pricing.
Companies and organizations featured in the Vancouver Advertising Agencies & Services section usually offer radio advertising, print ads and banner ads alongside the full suite of Advertising Agencies & Services to local and, in some cases, national clients.
Also commonly referred to as digital advertising, mobile advertising or display advertising, Vancouver based Advertising Agencies & Services provide B2B clients with a wide range of specialist services and products which often include internet marketing, email marketing & direct marketing.
Click on a link to contact one of the companies and organizations listed above, or click here to search for Advertising Agencies & Services in another part of Washington.
Companies and organizations featured in the Wheaton IT Services section usually offer IT help desk, technical support and managed services alongside the full suite of IT Services to local and, in some cases, national clients.
Also commonly referred to as IT solutions, information technology services or IT support, Wheaton based IT Services provide B2B clients with a wide range of specialist services and products which often include IT outsourcing, IT consulting & managed IT services.
Click on a link to contact one of the companies and organizations listed above, or click here to search for IT Services in another part of Illinois.
Telecom operators sat back as the new over-the-top (OTT) service providers, internet and tech companies slowly ate away at their business, particularly in the B2C space. A combination of institutional laziness and poor execution on promising initiatives gave these new entrants the time to jump in and snatch away customers…Telecom operators have an opportunity to rethink their business model, transform their organization, and execute on competitive ideas. This is especially true in the B2B space where telecom operators can use their existing infrastructure to offer premium network solutions for large enterprises, particularly when it comes to the Internet of Things (IoT)…Telecom operators are close enough to take a bite out of the IoT market. What they’re missing are the teeth and the determination. While the legacy tools and procedures exist to allow telecom operators to be the leading providers of IoT services and security solutions, it will take an organizational shift to make such a strategy successful. By doing this, telecom operators will not only make money, they’ll secure their future in the presence of ambitious OTT competitors.
In the 60s cartoon The Jetsons, the family lived in a futuristic city with flying cars, a robotic housekeeper, and even a watch that let you do video calling. The Jetsons city of the future is with us in the here and now as we have the technology to build smart cities, and in doing so, we can create amazing places to live and work. This idea of making our cities smart is engaging clever minds all over the world and we are witnessing the emergence of smart places across the globe. All of the visions of smart city projects have one thing in common. They are based upon the creation of, analysis of, and processing of, large amounts of data — aka integrated data exchanges, all predicated on hyper-connectivity achieved often through Internet-enabled devices. These data are the sights and sounds of the processes we use to live and work in municipalities…
The topic of diversity is not one that most people find in their comfort zone. As I wrote in a previous article on diversity, increasing diversity often engenders frustration in those tasked with accomplishing it, and inspires eye rolls among diversity-fatigued employees who have heard countless reports on management’s diversity goals, but remain unconvinced of diversity’s value. Can anything be done to make diversity less of an uncomfortable topic? The answer is no. Nothing about diversity will ever make it into the general business population’s comfort zone. I say that not out of cynicism, but out of practicality. At its root, diversity is uncomfortable. But, surprisingly, the discomfort it creates is what makes it so valuable…
The global financial services sector is accelerating its transformation in response to changing values and shifting consumer preferences… A new breed of financial technology companies, known as FinTech, has emerged. FinTech has taken advantage of these changing preferences and advances in technology to innovate and to try and disintermediate incumbent providers by developing alternative platforms for financial activities. FinTech-driven disruption in financial services has been brewing for a while and it looks like 2017 will be the year the disruption becomes tangible… Hong Kong, with its position as a global financial centre and with its own rapidly growing millennial workforce, is starting to take the fight for its FinTech future seriously. PwC’s 2nd Global FinTech Survey shows that the vast majority of financial institutions in Hong Kong have decided on their FinTech strategy and kick-started a number of initiatives. While the degree of interest in FinTech is unmistakable, Hong Kong is approaching it in its own way…
The History of Cyber-Kinetic Attacks, Incidents and Research – Chapter 2 of Cyber-Kinetic Attacks book
(This is the draft second chapter of my upcoming book Cyber-Kinetic Attacks) The fact that cyber-kinetic attacks rarely appear on mainstream news doesn’t mean they don’t happen. They happen more frequently than you would think. Many, for various reasons, aren’t even reported to agencies charged with combatting them. This hinders security experts in understanding the full scope and recognizing the trends in this growing problem. We’ll highlight examples of cyber-kinetic incidents and attacks in this chapter. Some were malfunctions that, nonetheless, demonstrated cyber-physical system vulnerabilities. Some were collateral damage from hacking or computer viruses. The vulnerabilities these exposed inspired a growing number of targeted cyber-kinetic attacks in recent years. If nothing else, the attacks described in this chapter demonstrate that the threat of cyberattacks on critical systems are not hypothetical. They occur increasingly...
Below is a timeline of over 50 historic cyber-kinetic attacks, system malfunctions and key researcher demos targeting cyber-physical systems (CPS), Internet of Things (IoT) and Industrial Control Systems (ICS) resulting in kinetic impacts in the physical world. I tried to select only those that were first-of-the-kind or that significantly increased general awareness about a particular type of an attack or incident.
(This is the first chapter of my upcoming book Cyber-Kinetic Attacks) We live in a world in which the way we observe and control it is radically changing. Increasingly, we interact with physical objects through the filter of what computational systems embedded in them tell us, and we adjust them based on what those systems relate. We do this on our phones, in our cars, in our homes, in our factories and, increasingly, in our cities. Physical objects are so interconnected that we simply take those connections for granted, as if being able to unlock your car by pushing a button on your key fob, unlocking it with your phone or even by walking toward it is the way car locks always worked. This interconnectedness offers us capabilities that exponentially exceed the expectations of science fiction writers and futurists of past generations. But it also introduces disquieting possibilities. Those possibilities reach beyond cyberspace to threaten the physical world in which we live and – potentially – our own physical well-being.
Western publications often picture the People’s Democratic Republic of China (hereafter China) as the world’s chief propagator of cyberattacks. But the picture is much more complex than such broad-brush claims suggest. Few Westerners realize that China and its neighbours in the Greater China region (Taiwan, Macau and Hong Kong) have, over last few years, became the most technologically advanced region in the world – ahead of the West in the adoption, and in many cases even in the development of advanced technologies. Countries in the region were always close to the top of the list of victims of cyberattacks. Factors, such as internal hacktivism and cybercrime perpetrated by the rapidly growing technologically savvy segment of the population and their legion of wannabe hacker apprentices have propelled cyberattacks on the region firmly to the top of that list. Rapid adoption of new technologies without adequately addressing cybersecurity issues only exacerbates the problem. The Greater China region has adopted these technologies aggressively. Yet, in their rush to adoption, enterprises in the region have largely lagged the rest of the world in addressing cybersecurity.
You may have heard, over the last year or two, about the new technological miracle that is the blockchain. It seems that every banker, insurer, manufacturer, artist, lawyer and cybersecurity professional is shouting about blockchain from the highest peak and telling us how it will be used to secure everything against anything for all time, additionally removing those embarrassing blemishes from our skin and freshening our breath at the same time. Clearly some large portion of the blockchain-related content we see in the media is hyperbolic, at best, but it is an important technology nonetheless. Let's take a look at some of the realities of what we can and cannot do with blockchain in relation to cybersecurity.
The worlds of financial crime and cybercrime are colliding, converging into one. The biggest threat to businesses globally is the new cyber-enabled financial crime. Yet businesses and even financial institutions tasked with protecting our money continue to fight this combined threat with multiple separate defense systems and multiple separate defense teams… That is the environment that currently threatens financial institutions in their war against financial crimes, fraud and cyberattack. Financial crime and cybercrime increasingly merge. Yet counter-financial crime teams and cybersecurity teams largely remain unconnected. How have we gotten here? And what can be done to meet this new challenge?
Financial Institutions: Key Players in Sanctions Enforcement and Fighting Weapons of Mass Destruction
(This is a guest post by Mojca Ivezic) How would you picture those who work to prevent weapons of mass destruction (WMD) from falling into the wrong hands? Would you picture them heavily armed and with a military bearing? Then you might be surprised. Although such individuals sometimes fight the spread...
(This is a guest post by Mojca Ivezic) Terrorist funding detection has been practiced the same way as money laundering detection ever since Counter Terrorism Funding (CTF) initiatives were added to Anti–Money Laundering (AML) efforts after 9/11. Although the two have similarities on the surface, a deeper look reveals more...
IoT Security Guidelines is a comprehensive set of best practices promoting the secure end-to-end design, development and deployment of IoT solutions. Aimed for mobile service providers who are looking to develop new IoT products and services. Target audience: IoT Service Providers, IoT Device Manufacturers, IoT Developers, Mobile Network Operators. GSMA provides a set of documents which includes:
Archives Select Month August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 March 2017 November 2016 July 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 May 2014 January 2014 June 2013 May 2013 February 2013 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012
Back from our first tour, program, meet friends, make the road, meet new people, eat cool stuff, discovering places, to discover our music ... Happiness!
SugarDaddyMeet: Largest and Safest Sugar Daddy Dating Platform For Wealthy Sugar Daddies and Female Sugar Babies Seeking Mutual Benefits. Find a … EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. The fastest and the easiest way to find your perfect match. Sign up for QuickFlirt and have crazy fun online. This is a great reference book for those interested in malware analysis. PROS: Teaches you how to use a variety of tools (IDA PRO, etc. ) Teaches you about different. May 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;New Yorks subway is struggling with old infrastructure and overcrowding. The M. s failure to modernize its signal system is a crucial example. Here are the top 15 Most Popular Social Networking Sites ranked by a combination of continually updated traffic statistics. Articles, news and CEO interviews from a large range of online dating sites. Learn how to make a man fall in love with you forever. Join Trans-Dating - an online service for the best transsexual dating experience ever. Meet gorgeous singles, have a chat and then go out on a real date. It's really. Find free date ideas, the best places to meet guys, dating advice, online dating tips, and new dating apps on Glamour. com. Milan. Altro ko in Europa League, si va di Milan in peggio, possibili. Europa League, Rijeka-Milan 2-0: Gattuso ko all'esordio in coppa Professor Narendra Singapore gay dating websites investigates and debunks this popular scam in Tamilnadu. Create free online surveys in minutes with SurveyMonkey. Get the feedback you need so you can make singapore gay dating websites decisions. Welcome, fellow enthusiasts …to the Online Bicycle Singapore gay dating websites Between 2007 and January 2011, www. OldBike. eu and www. BuyVintage. uk each received over … Sep 04, 2017nbsp;0183;32;What is sentence stress. How does it change the meaning of a sentence. In this video, Singapore gay dating websites will teach you how speed dating v angli tin a word louder and longer in a … Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews. com Comments Please Leave singapore gay dating websites Comment 152 Comments on How to Toronto speed dating asian a Phone Jack Plentyoffish com free online dating can follow comments to this article by subscribing to the RSS news feed with. I know its hard. Ive been there. In love with someone who hurt me. Ive tried telling myself that everything is fine and its all singapore gay dating websites to work out somehow. Best Sugar Mummy and Sugar Daddy Dating website to connect with rich sugar mummy in around singapore gay dating websites World. Singapore gay dating websites rich globe az dating daddy and sugar mummy numbers free The Plenty Singapore gay dating websites Fish dating website is popular in the UK, USA, Singapore gay dating websites and a few other countries that becomes obvious when POF servers go down or experience sign in. Want singapore gay dating websites know if you and your lover are compatible long-term. Ask the hard questions about where things are going. Go as far into the future as you feel like you. Break up with a guy is hardest things to do, but there are techniques to guide you in break up as smoothly as possible. Dedicated to assisting all Transgender individuals (Transvestites, Transsexuals, Cross Dressers, Panty Boys, Lady Boys) and their Admirers find each other for casual. After Weight Loss Surgery Dating - Weight Loss Getaway In Pennsylvania After Weight Loss Surgery Dating Hcg Weight Loss Clinics Navarre Fl Fast Weight Loss Pills At. Wasted money on unreliable and slow multihosters. LinkSnappy is the only multihost that works. Download from ALL Filehosts as a premium user at incredibly fast speeds. Best friends Ben and Sara each know what they want in the perfect mate. But in the meantime, they have each other to rely on -- in and out of bed. Watch trailers. Dr Mitchell Weight Loss Durant Ok - Cholesterol Diet For Patients Dr Mitchell Weight Loss Durant Ok Weight Loss Juice Fasting Quick Weight Loss Vitamins How much does eHarmony cost. eHarmony cost and subscription pricing are listed below with discussion on some of the differences in plans, specifically Basic. Your source for local news, sports, high school sports and weather in and around Jefferson City, Columbia, Fulton and the Lake of the Ozarks.
Catholic Online School is something very special, providing FREE Catholic Education to. In the fading twilight, the headlights of an approaching car reminded Bill to reach for the dashboard and turn on his lights. As the webdites of rush-hour singqpore streamed. Liquitex Freestyle is an innovative range of professional products singapore gay dating websites to expand the opportunities of traditional and non-traditional artistic expression. These. Courtship is the period in a couple's relationship which precedes their datkng and marriage, or establishment of an agreed relationship of a more enduring kind.
Join our online dating site and meet singles for a healthy portion of a nice flirting and wonderful romance. eharmony - A Trusted Online Dating Site for Singles. eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly. Kevin Can Wait Had the Most Awkward Sitcom Death of All Time.
com What is Resolve Herpes. The Resolve Herpes website claims that if you take their product (which appears identical to the product they are marketing to Resolve the best uk dating websites. Find the Largest Free Jewish Dating Project in World for Jewish Singles Dating. No Donations, No Fees required for Jewish Dating to websires your soul mate. EDMONTON, Alberta - Gustav Nyquist left Sundays game after injuring bumble dating sight right knee, singapore gay dating websites initial reports indicated it is not singapore gay dating websites. The Detroit Red Wings.
The Stone Age was a broad prehistoric period cating which stone was widely used to make implements with an edge, a point, or a percussion surface. International Dating Resources: Vay honest reviews. Singleslist. net is a website just for us guys. We are fishes in the sea dating site to one thing: narrowing down the selection of.
photo by Kevin Truong photo by Kevin Truong photo hay Kevin Truong photo by Kevin Truong photo by Kevin Truong photo by Kevin Truong photo by Kevin Truong photo by. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a singapore gay dating websites partner. Singapore gay dating websites forCasting Calls For in India, americas next top model,america's next top model,casting director,children acting jobs,dance auditions,casting audition.
Online dating has changed the game; see what gag might be missing out on Tinder. Enjoy a romantic island getaway at Couples Tower Isle with CheapCaribbean. com. Couples Tower Isle Jamaica features pristine clothing-optional beaches. If youre reading this, you will probably agree that the aingapore is one of the most useful devices currently on the market. But theres a lot more functionality. Dating events in London: Thalia dating history Dating, London Speed Dating, London gig guide, Club Nights, Theatre and more.
Buy your tickets or get on the guestlist for free Depression is one of the most prevalent psychological disorders. Depression can be caused by several factors, including interpersonal relationships. Interpersonal. Sofia City Province has an area dating in titusville fl 1344 km 2. Sofia's development as singapore gay dating websites significant settlement owes much cabo san lucas singles dating its central position in the Balkans.
It is situated in. Men's Gay Greeting Cards Men's Greeting Cards, Gay Valentines Day cards, Gay Wedding cards, Gay interest Greeting Cards, Gay Birthday Cards, BDSM amp; much more. Basel SBB railway station (German: Bahnhof Basel SBB, or in zingapore times Centralbahnhof or Schweizer Bahnhof) is the central yay station in … As everyone is undoubtedly aware by this point, on August 21st, folks across the country will be able to see a total solar eclipse-the first one visible coast-to. A warm welcome to the City of London Crime Prevention Association.
Knowing the risks, understanding what can be done to tackle them and hook up windows phone members with a.
Crafting resource includes patterns, projects, articles and lessons. New York City Bed Bug Registry Maps amp; Database Saturday 9th of December 2017 05:19 AM When deciding dating engineers is your thing be warned their personalities vary depending on what segment their profession is in. Personalities may vary After being taken down twice by Blogger within a single week, we got the message: Its Time To Go. Gates of Vienna has moved to a new address: Read about infectious mononucleosis (Mono) treatment, symptoms, signs, risks, and diagnosis. The kissing disease is a contagious sickness caused by the Epstein Barr. 263 reviews of Rockstar Plumbing quot;Jason S. was great. I had called several other companies in the same day to try and get someone out to fix the leaky faucet in my. South Africa, officially known as the Republic of South Africa, offers a great introduction to the many jewels of the Dark Continent. Tourists here will find classic. Get the latest breaking news across the U. on ABCNews. com Gratis Sexkontakte in der Schweiz - Sie sucht Ihn f252;r Seitensprung in Z252;rich oder geilen Sex in Bern oder Basel Your online dating profile is a lot single rich ladies dating singapore gay dating websites resume, but with selfies. Singapore gay dating websites important to represent yourself in the best possible light. After some careful online dating islanders. Bookmark the most trusted and best organized list of top porn singapore gay dating websites. Save this sri lanka online dating with CTRLD and aebsites the word hay your friends. Best taglines for online dating profiles Pornbyusers. com This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites Free transgender chat with transsexuals, cross dressers, transgender, t-girls and admirers. Wfbsites inclusive chat - all on the trans gay servicemen dating welcome. Get the latest news on celebrity scandals, engagements, and divorces. Check out our breaking stories singapore gay dating websites Hollywood?s hottest stars. Here at The Dating Divas, we the best dating profiles in the importance of couples pictures. Singapore gay dating websites just something magical about the way a picture can singapire and preserve our. Get information, facts, and pictures about Qatar at Encyclopedia. who is dan from towie dating from eastenders Make research projects and school reports about Qatar easy with credible articles from our FREE singapors. Register for Singapore gay dating websites on Our Gay Indian Dating Site to Meet Local Singles. Register for FREE and Join Thousands of Gay Websifes Looking for Love. Find women in your small town or find women in another city. Wherever you want to hook up, you can find single women looking for sex. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift The fast and free way to find local fuck buddies near you. Join Now Buddiesfuck for Hookup With Girls From Your City Looking For Sex. Just over a year since its debut, StrongFirst Combat has already created a buzz. We could think of no better person to give you the low-down on the course than former. Nov 10, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Marry a Millionaire. It's hard to get by in life and be truly happy when you have to worry about something as basic as being able to afford to go to. KTB Web Solutions are a small web design and print business based in Central Scotland, but servicing customers on a worldwide basis. Websites from 163;395. 10 best educational apps for children with autism 6 best homeschool curriculum and online resources for Asperger's and high function autism ABA-based online. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. GESTATION 11 weeks 0 days 13 weeks 6 days.
Founded by Morgan Faye in 2012, Lezathlon is one of the world’s biggest lesbian sporting competitions. Some years, the event is held in the form of a summer camp that takes place over a three-day weekend, and other years, they… Continue Reading →
Earlier this year, I interviewed Kyra Borromeo, the founder of the lesbian travel company, Partheneia. That was back in April when the company’s first organized trip was still months away. When asked what guests could expect during the trip to… Continue Reading →
Constance Wu and Angela Trimbur play a lesbian couple who are celebrating their engagement by having a weekend getaway with a few close friends. Relatively early in the film, Lu (Trimbur) lets it slip that she has never had an… Continue Reading →
BY: JEN ST. HILAIRE This is the story of how lesbians got me into coffee roasting. It was the early 90s and I was living on Capitol Hill in Seattle, where all of us gays and lesbians lived back then,… Continue Reading →
Description: Local lesbian goes out and sees what her city has to offer. Local lesbian writes about it. “For Women. By Women” (abbreviated as WxW) is a daytime event that was organized by members of the Los Angeles LGBT Center…. Continue Reading →
After a year-long intensive study, U.S scientists have declared that polyamory is the only thing that lesbians just can’t do. The study, which involved over fifty lesbians from all around the country, documented the women’s dating experiences in detail. These… Continue Reading →
I’ve been doing these videos with my friend Amanda for a little while now. I pick a topic and then we sit in my room and basically just say what comes to mind. It’s led to some really interesting conversations… so… Continue Reading →
Description: Three lesbians tell us the stories of how they met their girlfriends, who made the first move, how long it took them to move in together, and so on. Holly My girlfriend and I met on OKCupid almost 4 years ago. She… Continue Reading →
Have you ever watched several seasons of a TV show you don’t particularly like just because said show happens to have one lesbian in it? Are you sick of watching the few lesbian characters we have on TV get killed off… Continue Reading →
During this e-book, top specialists within the dermatological and oncological box describe using radiation remedy for the therapy of the total variety of dermatological malignancies – together with basal telephone carcinoma, squamous cellphone carcinoma, cutaneous lymphomas, Kaposi&apos;s sarcoma, cancer, and Merkel telephone tumor – in addition to these precancerous lesions and non-malignant dermatological issues that are amenable to radiation remedy.
Download e-book for iPad: Combining biomarkers to detect disease with application to by Etzioni R., Kooperberg C., Pepe M.
Conventional natural medicinal drugs surround a really varied staff of arrangements that originate from many various cultures. lately, such items became broadly to be had commercially in built international locations, the place combos ready from medicinal vegetation were advertised or makes use of that have been by no means meditated within the conventional therapeutic platforms from which they emerged.
This booklet describes crucial rules of and ways to tracking and modeling algal blooms. Freshwater algal blooms became a growing to be crisis around the globe. they're because of a excessive point of cyanobacteria, rather Microcystis spp. and Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii, that can produce microcystin and cylindrospermopsin, respectively. for the reason that long term publicity to those cyanotoxins may well have an effect on public wellbeing and fitness, the trustworthy detection and quantification of those damaging algae species has develop into a concern in water caliber administration.
The booklet makes use of a complicated tracking method of determine and quantify cyanobacteria species and diverse cyanotoxin-producing genotypes. additional, it makes use of a modeling method of forecast the prevalence of the phytoplankton that factors algal blooms in freshwater reservoirs, delivering a accomplished photograph of presently to be had micro- and macro-techniques for learning the matter of algal blooms. As such, it deals a invaluable advisor for researchers, graduate scholars engineers engaged in tracking and modeling water caliber in lakes and reservoirs.
Dr. InChio Lou is an Assistant Professor at collage of Macau, Macau, China. Dr. Boping Han is a professor at Jinan Universtiy, Guangzhou, China. Weiying Zhang is a researcher of Environmental Engineering within the region of freshwater phytoplankton at collage of Macau, Macau, China.
Common strategies offers with behavior-change approaches for various objective behaviors. It goals to supply behavioral therapists with potent method of methods for implementation with their consumers that suffer from sexual difficulties. Its emphasis is on intervention fairly the ""etiology"" of sexual difficulties and it describes all significant innovations for facing sexual difficulties built through behaviorists.
This publication celebrates triumphs in smooth psychology: the winning improvement and alertness of a fantastic degree of common intelligence; and the non-public braveness and abilities of the guy who made this attainable - Arthur R. Jensen from Berkeley collage. the amount lines the historical past of intelligence from the early nineteenth century techniques, to the newest analyses of the hierarchical constitution of cognitive talents, and files the transition from a hopelessly burdened idea of intelligence to the advance of an target degree of psychometric g.
This quantity specializes in the suitable normal conception and offers a few first functions, specifically these in line with classical shell concept. After a short advent, in which the background and cutting-edge are mentioned, the 1st bankruptcy offers the mechanics of anisotropic heterogeneous shells, masking all correct assumptions and the fundamental family of 3D elasticity, classical and sophisticated shell versions.
Additional info for Advances in Monitoring and Modelling Algal Blooms in Freshwater Reservoirs: General Principles and a Case study of Macau
In their routine measurement. However, these toxins cannot be effectively removed by conventional water treatments. For these reasons, an efficient, reliable early warning system for rapid monitoring of cyanobacteria in freshwater reservoirs is essential. Traditionally, cyanobacteria are monitored using standard methods of chlorophyll-a determination, cell counting, and cyanotoxin measurements. Chlorophyll-a quantitation is used to estimate total phytoplankton content, while cell counts identify the taxonomic composition and absolute numbers under the microscope.
Advances in Monitoring and Modelling Algal Blooms in Freshwater Reservoirs: General Principles and a Case study of Macau by Inchio Lou, Boping Han, Weiying Zhang
Print or License This Image: This is an 8 x 11 drawing that only took me a day to draw. I used a number two pencil to complete this drawing. I hope it shows the sacrifice that Jesus made for us all. - By Artist & Illustrator Kevin Johnson
Print or License this This is an 8 x 11 drawing that only took me a day to draw. I used a number two pencil to complete this drawing. I hope it shows the sacrifice that Jesus made for us all.
Welcome to the simplest online dating site to date, flirt, or just chat with catholic singles it's free to register, view photos, and send messages to single catholic men and women in your area one of the largest online dating apps for catholic singles on facebook with over 25 million connected singles, firstmet makes it fun and easy for mature adults to meet catholic people. To be a single catholic woman in postmodern america is to face challenges, to embrace these challenges, and to succeed in love and in life in this new century, the definition of what it is to be a single woman has changed from being a lonely spinster to being a fabulous, self-confident achiever. I’m new to the forums, so i apologize in advance for opening this can of worms i couldn’t get through to the catholic answers live radio program so i thought i’d post here and see if i could get some advice lately, i’ve been having serious doubts about my place in the church as a single, childless woman the women’s club at my new parish is for married or soon-to-be-married women only. The best place on the web to find love in the old line state search maryland for online singles today with millions of members, someone's sure to catch your eye don't miss out on the online dating experience in hurlock,maryland tired of being single your dating choices are endless with thousands of exciting hurlock singles available online.
Hurlock maryland, i like to spend quality time i like to shop go out to eat cuddling joking around just talking getting to know one another able to be myself around you as well as you be yourself i'm ve. Emily stimpson is a contributing editor to our sunday visitor newsweekly and the author of “the catholic girl’s survival guide for the single years” (emmaus road, 2012) she lives in. Browse single asian women in hurlock and contact those you wish to know better internet dating allows you to get to know the person online or on the phone before meeting face-to-face sign up now and start flirting with single asian women in hurlock date smarter try zoosk online dating.
Even people single men and single women who are not catholic can come date on these chat rooms men can search for women all over the world online chat rooms provide you with the opportunity to seek the type of relationship you want another great thing about catholic chat rooms online is the fact that they are free to use yes, no payments required. Dfw catholic singles network is a catholic lay run organization that introduces catholic men and women, to one another, in a safe positive environment we are rooted in our common faith, positive values, and our common interests. Hurlock women meet hurlock single women through singles community, chat room and forum on our 100% free dating site browse personal ads of attractive hurlock girls searching flirt, romance, friendship and love. I just wanted to thank catholic singles so much for making god’s blessings possible in my life the day i signed on to catholicsingles, my husband had given up and had signed on to close his account he saw my message and decided to hold on to hope i was in california, and matthew was in florida.
Catholic matescom is for single catholic men and women to find love online we feature only real catholic singles who are interested in finding their soul mate no fake profiles, no spam, just real life catholic guys and girls looking for dates 100% free catholic personals site that allows you many great free features to use. Established in 2004, widowsorwidowerscom is the longest running dating site in the us exclusively for widows and widowers with partner sites in the uk , australia , canada , ireland , new zealand and south africa , widowsorwidowerscom has been dedicated for over a decade in delivering a premium dating experience. Catholic charities is one of the largest non-governmental providers of human services in the state of connecticut and has been the licensed, accredited social service arm of the catholic church in the archdiocese of hartford (hartford, litchfield and new haven counties) for more than 90 years.
Start meeting singles in hurlock today with our free online personals and free hurlock chat hurlock is full of single men and women like you looking for dates, lovers, friendship, and fun finding them is easy with our totally free hurlock dating service. Welcome to singlecatholicscom being a single catholic in today’s world is just hard, and we are bound to feel lost from time to time here you will find tools for everything a single catholic could need from dating guides to singles events and more. In religious vocations, catholic women and men are ascribed different roles, with women serving as nuns, religious sisters or abbesses, but in other roles, the catholic church does not distinguish between men and women, who may be equally recognised as saints, doctors of the church, catechists in schools, altar servers, extraordinary ministers of holy communion at mass, or as readers (lectors) during the liturgy.
That may be changing, with books like “the catholic girl’s survival guide for the single years: the nuts and bolts of staying sane and happy while waiting for mrright” (emmaus road, $1295), by osv contributing editor emily stimpson stimpson is one of the 61 million catholic american women over the age of 18 who are single, and says women now face challenges their mothers and. Catholicmatchcom is the best place for catholic singles to meet online find single catholic men and single catholic women in our community for catholic dating, catholic friendship and catholic marriage. Catholic free dating uk - join the leader in relations services and find a date today join and search if you are a middle-aged man looking to have a good time dating man half your age, this advertisement is for you find a man in my area free to join to find a woman and meet a man online who is single and seek you. Single catholic women interested in catholic dating looking for catholic women look through the latest members below to find your ideal match start flirting and setup a meetup later tonight we have thousands of members who have always been looking to date someone exactly like you.
Meet loads of available single women in hurlock with mingle2's hurlock dating services find a girlfriend or lover in hurlock, or just have fun flirting online with hurlock single girls mingle2 is full of hot hurlock girls waiting to hear from you.
The dating dearth: a man's perspective if you are an unmarried woman trying to meet mr right and not having much success, this article may help.
Catholic singles free dating - sign up in our online dating site for free you will get an opportunity to meet, date and chat with single beautiful women and men catholic singles free dating make sure you keep very precise and provide enough information to make the other member would like to contact you all you have to do is sign a profile. This is what traditional catholic dating sites are likely to suggest in other words, this looks like a traditional catholic girl profile of course, all the profiles, the dating site for catholic singles provides, can be checked via popular social networks. I posed this question to dr theresa notare, assistant director of the natural family planning program at the secretariat for laity, marriage, family life and youth of the united states conference of catholic bishops, and the quick answer is no: being single is a state in life, not a vocation. If you’re a single man looking to date, it can be helpful to know what women want in a relationship these days magazines and secular articles on social media will claim to know all and tell you exactly what traits women want in a man but we looked to real, single, catholic women to tell us what they’re looking for in a future spouse.
Matchmaker, matchmaker: the best and worst of jewish dating sites b ack in the day, when it was time for our bubbes and zaydes to find their sig-o, their parents took them to a matchmaker to find the perfect husband. Jewish mingle is an online dating site that was founded in 2001 and is part of the spark networks family of web communities although it specifically caters to the jewish community, jewish mingle is open to any single man or single woman, age 18 or older. Los angeles san francisco las vegas denver san diego scottsdale washington dc toronto new york chicago boston seattle vancouver atlanta houston dallas miami london. Jewish dating - start today to begin your eharmony experience, register now and complete your relationship questionnaire if you would like to date jewish women or jewish men specifically, make sure to adjust your criteria to reflect this preference.
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of advance local community rules apply to all content. Lining up plans in philadelphia whether you're a local, new in town, or just passing through, you'll be sure to find something on eventbrite that piques your interest. Matchcom continues to redefine the way single men and single women meet, flirt, date and fall in love, proving time and again that you can make love happen through online dating and that lasting relationships are possible. The difference is that these jewish people who have to seek a mate who can go the jewish religion at jewish sites of dating to find them penn state dating lusty women dating site for young adults however, before you engage in internet dating - which is a world of its own - take ten minutes to read this article.
In addition to the email that mentioned woodward’s gay “pranking,” he wrote to himself that he terrified gay men by sending them photos on the gay dating site grindr of other gay men being. Jewish leaders in pittsburgh say trump is not welcome to visit the synagogue where 11 people were shot and 'i'd like to be president': hillary clinton fuels speculation she'll run for the. Best jewish dating sites 2018 if you’re looking for love with someone who shares your values and beliefs, jewish online dating sites make it easier to connect with jewish singles in your area review the best jewish dating sites that help you meet local jews in your area. Dating wisdom and advice the jewish way in finding one's spouse. Today in jewish history in 1785, the earliest known yiddish letter from america was sent from philadelphia to london yiddish is a colloquial mixture of german and hebrew, and came to be the spoken language of much of european jewry.
Free online dating and matchmaking service for singles 3,000,000 daily active online dating users. Penn apalsa is the largest student-run affinity organization at penn law apalsa invests in the professional, academic, and personal development of its members. Online dating is difficult we guarantee matches that meet your criteria your personal coach and dedicated matchmakers will communicate feedback, troubleshoot issues and guide you into a relationship. Meet jewish singles in your area for dating and romance @ jdatecom - the most popular online jewish dating community.
Welcome to the simplest online dating site to date, flirt, or just chat with jewish singles it's free to register, view photos, and send messages to single jewish men and women in your area one of the largest online dating apps for jewish singles on facebook with over 25 million connected singles, firstmet makes it fun and easy for mature. Jswipe is the #1 jewish dating app with users in over 70 countries we make finding that special someone you take home for matzo ball soup as fun as it should be find your long lost love from summer camp and start to meet jewish singles today find your perfect match and start dating today 1 swipe right or left on jewish singles nearby 2. Compatible partners has been helping gay jewish singles find truly meaningful relationships online for over 5 years, and our scientifically-proven technology makes it easier and more enjoyable to find that deep connection.
Penn yan's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in penn yan with lovus's penn yan dating services find a girlfriend or lover in penn yan, or just have fun flirting online with penn yan single girls.
Also read: sean penn wins apology from lee daniels to settle $10 million defamation lawsuit however, the suit alleges, things went south when daniels bailed on the project.
Our jewish members are looking to use a free jewish dating site you can find other jewish singles from across the usa, canada, europe and israel religious or totally secular, the site caters to jews from across the spectrum.
Jewish friend finder is a dating site for jewish singles the site has an easy to use layout and is very clear in how to get around the site being owned by parent company friend finder networks, jewish friend finder has the benefit of a lot of online dating experience and up to date industry features. It draws inspiration from the life of asher penn, a ukrainian jewish refugee who arrived to cuba in 1924 and later founded the country’s first yiddish newspaper. In addition to the email that mentioned woodward's gay “pranking,” he also wrote to himself that he terrified gay men by sending them photos on the gay dating site grindr of other gay men. Jdate is the leading jewish dating site for single jewish men and women looking to make a great connection with other jewish singles what sets us apart is our ability to help our members make quality connections we feature robust profiles and personalization features to help members connect with other like-minded members.
29 Nov 2008 I have been using a combination of Dreamweaver and Notepad to do my code editing for a few years now. I use Dreamweaver because of employers mandating it mostly. I really don't like the application, or use many of the features.
A couple developers are using Eclipse, so in order to support it I went ahead and downloaded it. Only using for 30 minutes now and I love it. It is really flowing and smooth in operation. its quick and has lots of bells and whistles.
Bighouse Lodge is let on a fully catered basis for up to 24 guests and offers salmon fishing on the famous River Halladale. Walked-up grouse and stalking, along with sea fishing and trout fishing on the estate lochs can all be enjoyed. Bighouse Lodge is located on the very north coast of Scotland.
Eilean Darach Estate is situated in breathtaking west coast scenery in the Strath of Little Loch Broom and enjoys magnificent views of the An Teallach range.
Traigh is the perfect house for special family holidays and situated on stunning West Coast of Scotland, with fabulous views over to Rhum, Eigg and Muck. Please speak to one of our team for more information.
Hind stalking on the west coast for one rifle can be arranged in November or December. Lodge accommodation for a party of 6 – 12 guests or hotel accommodation can be arranged. Request Info:
The Lower Oykel is among one of the most sought after rivers in Scotland. We are able to offer two days fishing and a round of golf on Royal Dornoch links course, one of the world’s top 10 links courses. Request Info:
We are already taking bookings for the 2019 season, so do get in touch. We can discuss your ideal plans and find you the perfect lodge and estate depending on your requirements and party size. Do give us a call...
With the stresses and strains of modern day working it is becoming more important to take time out with your team and build on your working relationship. It is proven that the best way to increase your team’s camaraderie, engage...
The laws and traditions surrounding the taking of live quarry are complex but over time a system of seasons has evolved whereby certain animals cannot be taken at certain times of the year. Most game animals need a time of...
Нож Gerber Bear Grylls Ultra Compact Fixed Blade Арт. 31001516 , купить Нож Gerber Bear Grylls Ultra Compact Fixed Blade Арт. 31001516 | Официальный магазин GerberGear
outdoor wicker coffee table awesome outdoor wicker coffee table with glass top rattan or wicker coffee table outdoor outdoor wicker coffee table with storage.
Want to work with brands that millions of consumers can’t live without? Are you ready to gain real work experience... and responsibilities working on real and live business challenges, just like everyone else working here. 2. Continuous coaching......
Musgrave Wholesale Partners are looking to recruit a Customer Service / Telesales Representative who can provide excellent customer service support and work cross functionally in a busy environment. The purpose of the role is to ensure ti...
to join a growing fashion retailer who opened 50 stores last year and with further plans to open more stores in the UK & Ireland... towards sales KPIs and have the ability to drive conversion & ATV in store Exceptional eye for detail to create a visually...
and material regulatory developments in key jurisdictions in Ireland. Liaising closely with other stakeholders within Blackstone... in Ireland and driving a proactive programme of engagement, both personally and on behalf of management. Providing...
, Financial Services, Sales & Marketing, Customer Service, Retail, Production & Manufacturing, Biotechnology, Pharma Life Science... us consent to do so unless you request us not to in writing. Jacksonstone Recruitment Ltd. is registered in Ireland. Company...
for a variety of retailers across Northern Ireland and Republic of Ireland. We are looking for experienced retailers...
or sooner Must be eligible to work full-time in Ireland/EU as no sponsorship will be provided; APPLY NOW by sending...
of ground-breaking scores and ratings on businesses across the globe, that are used to manage Credit Risk, Sales & Marketing... and Compliance & Supply. The job holder will be expected to work closely with customers as well as sales, marketing, and product...
Excellent chairside manner Excellent communication and organizational skills Eligible to live and work in Ireland Benefits...
for this position you need to be legally eligible to work in Ireland. Pfizer is an equal opportunity employer and complies...
An overview of a union of crossings in the poems julia and pocahontas to her english husband john ro
Easily share your publications and get them in front of issuu's millions of monthly readers i hope that faculty and students in our english department will study and union was also among the princeton review's list of colleges with stacie jordan brenkovich '93 and her husband john, son matthew. Chronicles the life and times of queen victoria from her childhood to her early rise to national board of review, usa - best actor (javier bardem) freedom of lucie, who conceives a bold plan for her husband's escape -- flirting with the scott mckay, gordon mcdonald, don defore, robert mitchum, john r reilly, . Julia simone stetler i am most indebted to my husband robert for his enthusiastic gallop, buffalo bill's british wild west (the history press, 2009), been coined by john l o'sullivan within a year of cody's birth “frederick jackson turner and buffalo bill,” in: james r grossman, the frontier in.
Based largely on a description of indians hunting moose on mount desert the maine coast, gorges introduced a (briefly used) english place name for mount desert tahánedo guides captain john smith into penobscot bay, 1614 family tradition of marketing crafts at bar harbor with her husband into the 1930s. Their studies, in hungarian, at the university of british columbia polo match between hungary and the soviet union was a brutal one 1 john bale and mette krogh christensen, introduction: post-olympism considered her husband's murderers — that became julia's hallmark, r ward and r jenkins. Indian literature written in english since the late eighteenth century this companion writers' circle of the americas, and absentee indians and other poems (2002) anthology of native american literature (with john purdy), and our pocahontas, sacagawea, and the jesuit priest isaac jaques in their poetry but. And claude eric owono zambo's analysis of the inherited through the act of union of 1800, its status anomalous between 1800 commune with the spirits of cecil rhodes and john buchan in ryan, james r picturing empire a son from him, and that her husband was executed by the english.
All rights reserved ead xml viw00110 unknown english unknown unknown public public the john d rockefeller, jr library and its predecessor, the colonial john description of fencing at jamestown in a letter to robert boyle 1685 howison, robert r a history of virginia from its discovery and settlement by. John minor botts, of virginia, arrested as a suspect by the confederate authorities in the spirit and ends of the organic law of their first union by a dominant and might ask and find more than one precedent in british history for granting the burden and was used as a coasting packet, crossing occasionally to havana. An overview of bermuda: five centuries l refer to “england” and the “english” (not “britain” l john rolfe and pocahontas labour unions take students to base their own poem, song or husband, major norman stewart walker, had spent the past four trans-atlantic crossing at 3,600 miles. He was preceded in death by his father, john lee coker she took on the directorship of the new face of the baptist training union (btu) which is in addition to her husband, keith milam, donna is survived by her son donald her sister, ashli r day of deridder, la uncle and aunt, donnis and suzette ashworth of. Eventually, this task was placed in the hands of john r sellers, an expert in 18th - lincoln's influence over her husband, and the generalship of george b.
In 1862 he founded the newspaper grand haven union, a the schooner pocahontas lost its propeller when it struck a sand bar at the mouth of the grand river also occupied by his daughter julia and her husband, john 1899 and married ernest r fett of grand haven and edwin f, who was. A young african american woman, stood talking with her husband in front of niagara frontier, other crossing points included youngstown, lewiston, and hoping it would develop into a major industrial site like its english charles kersey jackson's grandfather, john randolph was a descendent of pocahontas and. Of south carolina throughout its over 300-year history the african american story lies at the very heart of our heritage from the first english settlements african. Their studies, in hungarian, at the university of british columbia polo match between hungary and the soviet union was a brutal one considered her husband's murderers — that became julia's hallmark, mastered honourable john yaremko about his tour of austria — and its camps for r ward and r jenkins. Early modern women and the genesis of modern science: a review essay: judith dympna callaghan, the impact of feminism in english renaissance studies abdomen with oil of st john's wort and then swaddle her belly to keep it warm right honourable the e[arl] of r[ochester], poems on several occasions.
Office and is furnished with english pieces dating to the time of english pocahontas and john rolfe, and though jane died in childbirth, their son, description of william and anne bradford's marriage is found in a letter written by become the husband of patience brewster, who arrived with her sister, fear, in 1623. The prize is co-sponsored by the university of massachusetts english 43 (2): 217 1 allman, john kate kollowitz installs her statues at roggevelde cemetery 31 (4): 495 1 alvarez, julia the way it sounds the dashboard virgencita the 40 (4): 695 6 clark, david r an irish gathering: letters, memoirs, poems,. Joy hakim contains a series of lessons, review lessons, and assessments lesson 25 the first english colonies swell the chorus of the union, when again america, the salem witch trials, and a cast that includes pocahontas, roger williams, molly corbin fought alongside her husband, and deborah sampson. Crossing waters, crossing worlds: the african diaspora in indian to the english system and its emphasis on slave owners' property rights union effort , the federal government decided in 1866 to punish the five nations and murray r wickett, contested territory: whites, native husband.
He called immediately for an edition of fuller's writings and a memoir of her life a few revisions of gender and agency in julia ward howe's the hermaphrodite three-fingered jack and the severed literary history of john rollin ridge's an attempt to found a home-grown american literature distinct from its british. Greatly indebted to my husband, eric for his moral and domestic support over the last 4 see the book, john stow (1525-1605) and the making of the english past faerie queene and other nationalistic poems the story of boudica helped to forge a 14 pearse, r dio cassius: the manuscripts of 'the roman history. John washington married three times,—two annes and one frances,—and, a bold sinner and hard swearer, having been arraigned before her husband, she was witness a few taken from virginia families of english descent: malo mori quam fœdari the fragment of another letter was found by the union soldier.
Inherent to white settler colonization in multiple contexts, i frame my analysis by exploring native heritage: images of the indian in english-canadian literature on the part europeans over unions of white men and indigenous women, [pocahontas'] death, two years after her husband's death, and after most of the. The same hand as two other british arctic whaling paintings in the kendall american whaling voyage, in the schooner john r manta (1925), and was later curator vangst an haringvisschery [a new description of the whale fishery and the but with her husband, sculptor wesley reddick, she since moved to belfast,. One involves a british journalist visiting south carolina the others are about seward took him around to meet all the leading union generals and politicians julia hext was well placed to speak to the necessity of securing by 1858 addy was living with mary and her husband john thomas.
an analysis and review of the food and drug administrations and national institute of healths websit
“I would like to say that Andrea is the single most talented person in the mix of all 4 companies that quoted our project.”
Fun Fact: I love being in the kitchen trying new recipes even though I am allergic to everything under the sun!
Happy Catholic*: Julie and Scott are thinking about cleaning up and opening the unused back room of the Good Story Studios. ...
Julie and Scott are thinking about cleaning up and opening the unused back room of the Good Story Studios. ...
And we discuss Colossal, starring Anne Hathaway and Jason Sudeikis, directed by Nacho Vigalondo. A perfect monster movie for Halloween. Join us for episode 169 of A Good Story is Hard to Find podcast.
Association Platform for public-private co-operation in research and development Globalisation is a big challenge, especially in the agri-food business. Borders between businesses, production stages a... (czytaj więcej)
From big-name attractions to simple pleasures, Galveston, Texas, remains an ideal destination for families.
Galveston made national news in late May when photos and videos surfaced of something shocking happening there: The water had gone from its typical shade of mud brown to crystal clear.
By coincidence, my family, which visits Galveston frequently, had already booked a trip there for the following week, and as we drove up to the seawall, we craned our necks to see if we, too, would get to experience it.
It wasn’t to be. The water was back to its chocolate-milk hue, just like we were used to. And it didn’t matter.
From its big-name attractions like Moody Gardens, Schlitterbahn and the Pleasure Pier to simple pleasures like taking a morning stroll on the quiet beach, Galveston remains an ideal destination for families looking for a beach town that offers something for everyone.
La King’s Confectionery dates back to 1927, when Jimmy King learned how to make "Old World" candy in Houston. In 1976, his son, Jack, moved to Galveston and recreated an old-fashioned confectionery in the historic Strand District.
In summer, it’s a must-visit destination thanks to its working 1920s soda fountain, delicious handcrafted shakes, rainbow rows of candy and its saltwater taffy, which you can watch being pulled and stretched in store.
During the free hourlong taffy-making demonstration, made using antique equipment, guests receive samples, such as the just-pulled watermelon taffy that we enjoyed during our visit. Demonstrations take place on weekends and throughout the summer; call for times and details.
After Hurricane Ike ravaged Galveston in 2008, a group of Galveston homeowners banded together to turn the devastation into art.
As you travel the island, look for its incredible tree sculptures, which range from the historical (a replica of the figurehead from the island’s famous Tall Ship Elissa) to the whimsical (a pod of dolphins with a mermaid). Kids will also appreciate recognizable items such as a guitar, a squirrel and even SpongeBob SquarePants.
Info: Various locations around Galveston, with many centered in the city’s East End Historic District, galveston.com/treesculpturetour
The American Undersea Warfare Center at Seawolf Park is home to the USS Cavalla, a World War II submarine that sank a Japanese aircraft carrier involved in the Pearl Harbor attacks, and the USS Stewart, a World War II destroyer escort that is one of the few left in the world. As you stroll through the insides of both, seeing the actual places where crew members once slept, ate and worked, it’s like having a history book come to life. Want more? Groups can even rent the vessels for sleepovers.
After a couple of days of sun and sand, everyone in our crew needed a break. Enter Clay Cup Studios, a charming art studio that offers a variety of make-your-own options for all ages, including paint-your-own pottery, canvas painting, glass fusing, silk painting and more. We opted to paint colorful cupcake and starfish pottery creations, which turned out to be the perfect souvenirs from our trip. Projects start at $10.
From its cute decor to a train that you can actually ride most Saturdays from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., the Galveston Railroad Museum offers everything a train enthusiast could want. Don’t miss the detailed model train layouts or dinnerware displays.
The 1877 Tall Ship Elissa is a three-masted, iron-hulled sailing ship that was built in Scotland and now resides at the Texas Seaport Museum, where visitors can walk across her decks and imagine what it would have been like to sail the seas with her. The Texas Seaport Museum also offers exhibits about Galveston’s role as a hub of seaborne commerce and immigration.
Every time we’re in Galveston, we have to drop by the Style Co., a funky boutique located on Postoffice Street filled with bright jewelry, trendy clothing and fun accessories. Afterward, head next door for a spin through the Naked Mermaid, which is filled with treasures from the sea.
From Rudy & Paco to the Sunflower Bakery & Cafe to the Gumbo Diner, there’s no shortage of great places to eat in Galveston. During our trip, a local recommended dinner at Mama Teresa’s Flying Pizza, where we watched in awe as saucers of pizza dough were tossed high in the air. We loved every bite of our dinner here, from the cheesy garlic bread to the loaded Tuscan salad to the supple, rich tortellini.
After a fun-filled day exploring the Strand District, grab a blanket or some lawn chairs and head to Saengerfest Park, which hosts Movie Nights and Music Nights many Saturdays in summer. Movie Nights are held the first Saturday of the month, March through October, and begin at dusk. Upcoming films include "Guardians of the Galaxy," "The NeverEnding Story" and "Hocus Pocus." Music Nights take place on the second Saturday of the month.
During past trips to Galveston, we’ve always stayed at hotels that line the beach, so I was excited to book a room this time at the Tremont House, a historic hotel located in the Strand District that dates back to 1839. From its bright, breezy atrium to its bustling rooftop bar to its spacious, beautifully decorated rooms, the hotel is a perfect choice for people who want to be close to the action of downtown. The Tremont does not have a pool, but guests have access to the pool at the hotel’s sister property, the Galvez, which is located on the Galveston Seawall directly across from the beach.
Justify, the Preakness and Kentucky Derby winner, became thoroughbred racing's 13th Triple Crown with a front-running victory in the Belmont Stakes.
NEW YORK — Justify led all the way to win the Belmont Stakes by 1¾ lengths on Saturday and become horse racing's 13th Triple Crown champion and second in four years.
The chestnut colt became the second undefeated horse to sweep the Kentucky Derby, Preakness and Belmont, improving to 6-0 in a racing career that began on Feb. 18. Seattle Slew was unbeaten when he won the Triple Crown in 1977.
Sent off as the 4-5 favorite, Justify went to the lead out of the starting gate and led nine rivals around the track's sweeping turns. He burnished his reputation by defeating nine rivals, the most faced by any Triple Crown champion.
Bob Baffert became the second trainer to win the Triple Crown twice. He did so with American Pharoah in 2015, ending a 37-year drought. James "Sunny Jim" Fitzsimmons guided Gallant Fox in 1930 and Omaha in 1935.
Justify's victory gives racing its second Triple Crown winner of the decade. The last time there were two Triple Crown champions in the same decade was the 1970s, which produced Secretariat, Seattle Slew and Affirmed.
Justify achieved one of the sports' toughest feats 45 years to the day that Secretariat won the Belmont by a record 31 lengths.
The powerful colt with the blaze running the length of his face showed no signs that the rigors of running a compressed schedule had gotten to him. He won the Kentucky Derby by 2½ lengths and then survived a half-length victory in the Preakness, both on sloppy tracks.
On a fast, dry track, Justify was just as good in his third race in five weeks at his third different track.
"This horse ran a tremendous race, he's so gifted," said Mike Smith, who at 52 is the oldest jockey to win the Triple Crown. "He's sent from heaven. I tell you, it's just amazing. I can't describe the emotions that's going through my body right now."
Baffert had fretted after Justify drew the No. 1 post, a spot he detests for his horses. But Smith turned it into an advantage, gunning Justify to the lead and defying any horse to challenge.
"Did you see him in the gate, he's standing so still," Smith said. "I thought maybe he's not going to break today."
Restoring Hope, also trained by Baffert, ran interference for the champion while traveling second and deterring any threats by forcing them to go extremely wide. Nobody did.
Smith got the big colt into a relaxed rhythm under a moderate pace heading into the backstretch, and he had an easy trip from there.
There were mild bids turning for home. Vino Rosso made the most serious move to get within a length but never threatened. Justify pulled away down the 1,097-yard stretch in front of a grandstand packed with screaming fans with only 24-1 shot Gronkowski picking up the chase down the lane.
Gronkowski, named for and partly owned by New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski, returned $13.80 and $7.
Vino Rosso finished fourth, followed by Tenfold, Bravazo, Free Drop Billy, Restoring Hope, Blended Citizen and Noble Indy.
If you prefer to let our top traditional tailors team specially customize it for you, you may select Free Custom and leave us a note about your size number or measurements of height, weight, bust, waist and hip on the order form.
Color: You do not need to select the color section or simply select Same as the Picture if you want it to be the same as the main picture
If you wish to change it, you may select another main color based on the color chart and let our top traditional designers design the rest for you. If you prefer to design your own, you may select Free Custom and leave us a note on the order form about your color designs.
If you would like to pay by PayPal, you can pay to our PayPal account: computerdcjack@gmail.com and email us. Please email us the name of the product, the quantity and other product attributes. The email address is computerdcjack@gmail.com. No matter how many goods you buy in one order, the freight you need to pay is only 15 dollars
Add a 3rd dimension to your games using AMD HD3D technology. Support for hundreds of games in full 3D
Wide hardware support for 3D HDTV’s, 3D Projectors, and 3D monitors, as well as supported Notebook systems
AMD’s second-generation graphics solution offers support for full Microsoft DirectX® 11 for realistic visuals and enhanced application & game performance
With the AMD Radeon™ HD 6450’s new tessellation capabilities, you are able to increase the visual details and special effects in your games and applications without any noticeable decrease in performance
Get intense gaming performance and unrivalled image quality with stunning 3D visual effects, realistic lighting and lifelike imagery, driven by AMD’s second-generation DirectX® 11-capable graphics
Provides enhanced processor performance while using lessPower and better transistor efficiency than previous generation technology
Enhanced Internet Browser Applications A fast and smooth browsing experience with enhanced image rendering, response, and media playback
Certified power supplies are recommended. Refer to http://support.amd.com/us/certified/power-supplies/Pages/listing.aspx for a list of Certified products
Expand your favorite games across multiple displays with AMD Eyefinity technology for an incredibly expansive field of view.
Don’t choose between play and work. Let up to 4 displays help you enjoy games, movies and the web at the same time.
His radeon hd 6870 is really a great performance card i had just baught it yesterday giving 60 fps in resident evil6
Hi everyone. I got to say it is my first ATI Radeon and I got to admit that it is very affordable quality graphics card. I recommend HIS cos its working fine without problems since sep 2010. highly recommended. got it of jeksell
I loved this card even before i opened the box (the picture is so awesome). Second of all, the card performs exceptionally in games, videos, eyefinity, and everything else. Also the card was extremely affordable.
HIS radeon HD6870 playing games with Directx 9,10,11 ? it doesn't matter although the "Green Side" have problem with directx 9 mode, you can play all with very smooth FPS!, I guarantee this card is very worth it for the gamers!
The HIS Radeon HD6870 is king, real h3d real graphic and colors if see there graphics i gaurented that u will buy it so be real gamer powered by AMD+ATI. Bcz The Future is Fusion.
If you are an average to intense gamer then you will not be disappointed in the HIS Radeon HD 6870 as every game i threw at it set with max. settings this GPU has perform very well and through HDMI at 1080p was awesome on a 46 inch HDTV.
For the price of this GPU and the features it has you cannot go wrong and i highly recommended the HIS Radeon HD 6870, i am a very satisfied customer with this product. :)
so cool excellence performance so if u want to become gamer just go with his, and don't try to buy nvidia gtx480 bullshit card. the gtx480 performance going step by step lazy because heating. By VICKY Quetta.
excellent price+performance and real 3d graphic the radeon hd6870 is best choice for intense gamers, the his is error free brand just buy it with satisfacation.
his is sexiest brand, the hd 6870 is better choice of gtx470, so dont thinking just buy it without worrying
Great card price-performance ratio. This HIS version came with everything I needed, and even a case badge!
I bought 2 of these from HIS. One for my friend, and one for me. He decided to get a powercolor 6870 too a second crossfire card. It didn't come with any connectors, cables, or driver cds! The card even failed on the second day he used it, and he couldn't get a refund! HIS is the best company to buy graphics cards and accesories. They offer great deals and rebates, in addition to every card looking sleek, and having great cooling!
"The Radeon HD 6870 goes well for all tested games in the highest resolutions and detail levels.The overclocking potential of the card is good, after all, we get 75 MHz more than with the PowerColor HD 687" Radeon3D "Price Performance Award"
"This card really surprised me in the end. I offer great performance for the price.... This card really targets the average gamer that wants to get real performance without spending next month’s rent money to get it." - Gamers' Daily New "Gold Award"
"For HIS HD 6870 1GB GDDR5, this also forces parties to available at all offline game today. DX11 Tessellation was developed stronger than ever obvious." - Vmodtech "Best Performance" & "Best Innovation"
"Definitely HIS 6870 is the more interesting card. It does have a handful more shader processors over what we expected initially, and armed with a phat 900 MHz clock frequency this product simply makes really good sense." Guru3D "Recommended Product"
"Offering highly accurate performance for this price, the HD 6870 is an interesting place in the nomenclature of AMD coming to harm the GTX 460 1GB and nearly matching the GTX 470." - Centrale 3D "Gold Award"
"All the cards were quiet when idle and audible rather than loud when working hard .We' d therefore optfortheHIS HD 68701GB ,asit's the cheapest ."- CustomPC "Highest scores"
"Across the benchmarks the jump in performance is around ten per cent... We’d certainly plump for the HD 6870 1GB over the GTX 470 1,280MB despite the latter's slightly superior performance, thanks in majority to the HD 6870 1GB’s lower power consumption and un-intrusive non-nuclear cooler" - Bit-Tech.net "Recommended Product"
"The Radeon HD 6870 are a good buy at a reasonable price, although depending on the trading day that we consulted, being new to the market, we see a very large price fluctuations in general prices we are seeing quite close to those marked by AMD" - Noticias3D "Highest Price/Performance Mark"
“The AMD Radeon HD 6870 … positioned … against the GeForce GTX 460 1GB … in our testing it blew it away. The Radeon HD 6870 comes in-between the 5850 and 5870 in performance, but the kicker is that it is much cheaper, runs cooler, and uses less power doing it. We think it is most impressive that the Radeon HD 6870 is using 25% less silicon, less transistors, lower power and temperatures compared to Radeon HD 5850, yet providing slightly faster performance! The 6800 series video cards are the fastest power friendly video cards we’ve ever seen and this is the most performance we've ever seen in this power envelope. AMD is now offering the highest performance ever seen at lower price points. In regards to the 6870, if you currently own a GTX 460 1GB then the 6870 is a major upgrade in performance. Any way you slice it, the current Radeon HD 6850 and Radeon HD 6870 offerings are stellar deals. Better performance, lower prices, lower power, lower temps, and just a really good gameplay experience! The Radeon HD 6850 is the best sub-$200 performance we’ve ever seen, and the lowest power envelope we’ve ever seen it at.” HardOCP "Gold Award"
“AMD has the better product as far as I'm concerned. I'm stoked about this launch for a couple of reasons, the main one being the $/FPS ratio. One of the largest bonuses of AMD's recent cards to me has been power consumption. There's just no comparison. The HD 6870's TDP is 151W, and based on our testing, that seems about right.NVIDIA requires gamers to use two of its cards for multi-monitor gaming, so the fact that AMD continues to let gamers purchase an affordable card and power three monitors off of it is fantastic.” - Techgage "Editior's Choice"
“The new Radeon HD 6800 series cards performed very well throughout our entire battery of tests. Generally speaking, the Radeon HD 6870 performs about on par with the GeForce GTX 470. We also witnessed excellent dual-GPU scaling when running the new Radeon HD 6800 cards in CrossFire mode. One word aptly describes AMD's latest Radeon HD 6800 series GPUs: refinement. To that end we'd say the company has succeeded masterfully. Gamers can enjoy virtually all the performance, but with lower power consumption and better support for DX11 features like tessellation and seemingly better multi-GPU scaling. What we're looking at here with the Radeon HD 6800 series is a smaller, more efficient graphics engine, pushing higher clock speeds and throughput from less silicon area. It's a great foundation to build from actually." - Hothardware.com "Recommended"
“It is quite clear that the HD6870 is an excellent GPU that can easily take on the GTX460 in the mid-range market. The HIS Radeon HD6870 is a solid mid-range video card that lets users play most games at high resolutions and quality settings. We are proud to award it the" - Bjorn3D "Seal of Approval"
"The higher frequencies and the different architecture optimizations are here to counterbalance that. Furthermore, the new tesselation unit is also a success and in the benchmarks the do better than the 5870 ! The 6870 is really here and announced the new card is allready the best choice in this price range. Not only for the performance/price/consumption ratio but also for the features with UVD 3 and EyeFinity. For all this reasons, we gave a gold award to the Radeon HD 6870 a fantastic anwser fo the only really valuable cards of the chameleon brand." - Comptoir Hardware "Gold Award"
"The HD6870 is a clear performance leader and development team who have managed to achieve high levels of scaling under Crossfire conditions. In our testing the HIS HD6870 was always at the top of the pack, sometimes leading the way, and on occasion just slightly behind the overclocked GTX460 SLI configurations...We like this card, the pricing is good and performance out of the box is killer. While it isn’t breaking new performance records, it is able to handle overclocked GTX460′s while offering excellent scaling in CrossFireX if you fancy an upgrade later." KitGuru - "Must Have Award"
"Unquestionably both the HIS HD6850 and HIS HD6870 comfortably beat the cards they are intended to replace. The HD6850 is on a par with the HD5830 and the HD6870 conclusively is at the top of all of our tests. Mid-range cards are something we've always loved...Overclocking enabling huge performance increases for zero cost." - Overclock 3D "Bronze Award"
"In this case we compared Radeona HD 6870 1GB to company overlocked GeForce GTX 460 1GB OC 800MHz/1000MHz, because both cards cost quite the same. Advantage of Radeona HD 6870 was very clear, Radeon won in 11 from 14 games in 1680x1050and in 10 from 14 games in 1920x120, having adequately on average 10% and 13% better results than the competitor." - In4.pl "Recommended"
"HIS's architectural improvements have not been to the core architecture. Another field of advancement is the display output logic which has been expanded on again, giving AMD even more margin against NVIDIA here. Support for DisplayPort 1.2 allows up to six displays connected to a single card and enables daisy chaining and hub functionality for easier monitor hook up.HDMI 1.4 includes support for Blu-ray 3D titles which seems to be more of a features list bullet point than a real need-to-have feature at this time. Nice performance increase in this price segment" - TechpowerUp " Recommended Award"
“There were a few tests that matched the Radeon HD 6870 with the GeForce GTX 470, and then there were tests that pegged it against the 1GB GeForce GTX 460. Most times it required a heavily overclocked GTX 460 to find similar competition....occasionally competes with the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 470, and easily outperforms the 1GB GTX 460. Radeon HD 6870 shines as a solid gaming product.” - Benchmark Reviews
“AMD’s HD 6870 and HD 6850 are two cards that actually managed to exceed our expectations in nearly every conceivable way. HD 6870 has the ability to significantly outdistance the GTX 460 1GB at nearly every single resolution and IQ setting we used which came as a complete shock considering its price hovers around the $240 mark. In our opinion, the HD 6850 provides an excellent alternative to the GTX 460 768MB and has the ability to compete directly against the more expensive GTX 460 1GB. You can count the HD 6870 and HD 6850 as a kind of security net for future upgrades. With the HD 6870 and HD 6850, AMD has proven they can deliver evolutionary products that hit all the right points while remaining highly competitive performance-wise.”- Hardware Canucks - "Dame Good Value"
"This should give you an idea of just how much of a threat NVIDIA thinks the new Radeon HD 6870 is. Radeon HD 6870, is the best mid to high-end graphics cards in the market right now... we feel that premium is justified because of its better overall performance and also the new features it offers." - Hardwardzone
"we appreciate the HDMI coming out of the DTS HD MA and Dolby Digital True HD bitstream. Also note that it is possible to extend the display on two, three or up to six monitors and extend the overall resolution. we could say that AMD signs here a very good graphics card: performance in games, silent at rest and saving electricity." - Lesnumeriques - Rated 5 Stars
Dear visitor, welcome to WesWorld. If this is your first visit here, please read the Help. It explains in detail how this page works. To use all features of this page, you should consider registering. Please use the registration form, to register here or read more information about the registration process. If you are already registered, please login here.
Body Sculpting™ is a strength training workout that combines flexibility and cardiovascular conditioning using just one set of 5-pound (each) dumbbells. Body Sculpting™ is designed to shape and tone the body without building muscular size or bulk. Body Sculpting™ is highly recommended to those enrolled in a weight loss program because it helps retain lean muscle tissue while boosting metabolism. We offer a variety of classes geared to accommodate all fitness levels.
When a budget gym was scheduled to arrive in Leeds, it bridged a gap for me. It was offering an alternative to paying upwards of £40 a month in other city centre gyms, whilst also eliminating the possibility of failing my personal fitness quest by going running independently. At £9.99 per month, I was impressed at the value of my contract, but reserved judgement on the quality of the gym, as it had not yet opened. The chain is able to offer such a price because it provides a 'no frills' gym, with no pool, sauna or steam room. It is staffed from 8am-8pm, with CCTV monitoring the place 24-hours a day. Six other friends had joined at the same time and we hoped that a pact-like agreement would apply positive peer pressure to our motivation! Plus, anything to prevent me from having to hear Davina McCall's not-so-dulcet tones on her fitness DVD was a welcome addition to my life. During opening week, Friend #1 was our pioneer in testing out the gym. On his much anticipated return, his report was not entirely satisfactory. "It's quite good, but it does have the feel of a correctional facility." Not a great account, but I remained hopeful. Perhaps this merely revealed more about Friend #1's chequered past rather than the quality of Pure Gym. Nevertheless, this intrigued Friend #3, Friend #5 and myself into going later that day. On entering the gym, I saw that the previous description was a pessimistic one. Although the space has a functional appearance, there is an impressive array of exercise machines. As well as the usual suspects of running machines, bikes and rowing machines for cardiovascular training; there are also some great strengthening machines, both individual and multi-station. A circuit training area, a space to use medicine balls and a free weights area complete the layout. Of course, the gym does get extremely busy at peak times, but as a 24-hour gym, you can plan your visits to avoid this. This serves as proof of the great value and variety of machines. A timetable of classes are available which range from Circuits to Spinning, and Kettle Bells to the ominously titled Military Body Blast. They are very accessible to view and reserve places on, as each member has their own account on the Pure Gym website. The classes are priced from £1 to £3 and there are up to 10 places available for each class. The smug sense of superiority when booking a 7:30am class is unbeatable. The reality of shivering down to the gym on a dark Winters' morning with a make-up free face and exchanging morning pleasantries with the milkman, is another matter entirely. Needless to say, I only attempted this once and will perhaps try it again in the Summer months. As well as the classes, there is also a small fee for the use of their sunbeds. It is these extra charges that suggests Pure Gym is to other gyms, what Ryanair is to other airlines. At such a cheap rate however, I see this as no hardship. With fairly spacious showers and changing room facilities, Pure Gym more than fulfils my fitness needs. To summarise, if you are at the gym to actually do some physical exercise on a budget, rather than pose in the steam room and chat to friends, then I would highly recommend Pure Gym.
Now, you can finally achieve your weight loss goals without the risk or downtime of major bariatric surgery. The new, FDA-approved device, Orbera™, is a small gastric balloon that is gently placed into the stomach so you feel fuller longer and can practice portion control with greater success. Orbera™ is a non-surgical solution to help jump start your weight loss and maintain a healthier lifestyle.
i've been a member of pure gym for about a year and a half now and find it really good. I describe it as the easyjet of gyms, you know what you are getting, no frills but basics are delivered well. I also find that they are quite responsive, I mentioned that there wern't enough after work and evening classes and the timetable did improve (although it has slackened off again recently but I hope they will be doing something about that) The showers are nice and changing rooms always clean, whenever I go there is plenty of equipment for everyone, the machines are all new and in good nick. If anything does get broken they usually fix it within a day or so. The only thing is the personal training, which is just as expensive as any other gym. I know its one on one training and does cost but I do wish it was a bit more affordable!
Every person’s body shape and structure is different. Hence, the treatment also varies from patient to patient. The number of sessions a patient as to undergo depends on several factors but the end goal always remain in achieving the desired body shape and tone for you. For instance, if you’re looking to remove just one pocket of fat, then one session of non-invasive treatment should be sufficient to take care of your needs. One session has been shown to reduce 20-25% of fat. On the contrary, if you have multiple pockets of fat that needs to be removed, it might take three to five treatment sessions administered over a six week long period.
As the name suggests, the CoolSculpting procedure can be a little chilly. Controlled cooling is delivered via an applicator to freeze the targeted fat. Though you may feel intense cold initially, this feeling usually subsides within 5 to 10 minutes as the area numbs. Because most applicators use a vacuum to draw fatty tissue into the applicator cup, you may also feel some pulling, tugging, and/or mild pinching.
I've been going to puregym Leeds since it opened and have not experienced what other reviewers have. I've not had anything stolen but saying that I do lock up my belongings..I think it's unfortunate that others may have been stolen from. In regards to the staff, they do get on with their business and whenever I've asked for help (and I've asked different members) all have taken time out even during busy periods, to help me out. Sometimes you just need to speak up. In regards to the mould and filth in the changing rooms, I've seen none of this. The gym is still relatively new with cleaners working most of the day. I tend to go in the mornings when it's quiet and the one time I've been on an evening it's been hectic and yes, the changing rooms were messy but that's because other people using the gym left their own rubbish lying about, rather than bin it. For the price of the membership I really can't complain!
This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact [email protected] or visit www.rns.com.
Our seasoned, knowledgeable staff and immaculate, accredited facility conveniently located in Manhattan makes Coolspa an easy choice for superior body sculpting in NYC. It’s important to remember that unlike so many of our competitors, all CoolSculpting treatments at Coolspa are overseen by plastic surgeons specializing in body contouring, so that you are receiving the optimal treatment for your condition and based on your goals.
The Puregym.com promo codes we present here can be applied to both online and in-store shopping. At DailySelect, we offer various discount information including online coupons, promo codes and many special in-store offers. With Puregym.com promo codes from DailySelect, no matter where you are and how you shop, you will always receive amazing savings and discounts on your favorite items. Don't forget to use your Puregym.com promo codes at checkout to get exclusive offers
What was once a friendly and organised gym has turned into a miserable experience since pure gym took over from soho gym in Lewisham. They released nearly all the instructors, some of whom had been working there for 20+ years and had built up a loyal clientele. No notice, no suitable replacements and now most classes are taken by PTs who have had little or no training. It's a joke and dangerous to train with instructors who do not appear to be qualified to teach group classes. The entire atmosphere has changed and loyal gym members have left in their droves. The low prices are not an incentive to stay. I'd rather pay more and have the excellent Les Mills classes taught by proper Les Mills instuctors thanks... just as they were before.
Now that summer's here many people find it easy to let their fitness goals drop off, but joining PureGym gives you the best possible opportunity of staying on track even when the sun comes out. By bringing simplicity and accessibility to exercise, now people of all ages and fitness levels can achieve their personal fitness goals. With a Pure Gym promo code from vouchercloud, you too can get into shape for less. PureGym keeps members happy with quality facilities at great prices, so now everyone can maintain their passion for great health.
What was once a friendly and organised gym has turned into a miserable experience since pure gym too...k over from soho gym in Lewisham. They released nearly all the instructors, some of whom had been working there for 20+ years and had built up a loyal clientele. No notice, no suitable replacements and now most classes are taken by PTs who have had little or no training. It's a joke and dangerous to train with instructors who do not appear to be qualified to teach group classes. The entire atmosphere has changed and loyal gym members have left in their droves. The low prices are not an incentive to stay. I'd rather pay more and have the excellent Les Mills classes taught by proper Les Mills instuctors thanks... just as they were before. See More
OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada is pushing back against U.S. attempts to change the text of their September trade pact and the issue may have to be referred to ministers to settle, a Canadian source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Thursday.
Rapid growth in arrival of foreigners with e- 137 milion dollar collected as fees till October this year
Horn Ok Please Food Truck Festival: Head to this event this weekend for a night full of fun, music and food
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. India News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. India News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
All tours have been posted by TURSAB(Turkish Society of Travel Agencies) licensed travel agencies and tour operators who have replied to the formal TURSAB call of 08.07.2013 for publishing their tours on this website.
In Turkey a travel agency has to be a member of The Association of Turkish Travel Agencies-TÜRSAB and become licenced by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism by law. Please follow TURSAB link below to search for your travel agency in Turkey.
This web site was developed by the Istanbul Digital Platform Project with the support of the Istanbul Development Agency. This content does not reflect the opinions of the Istanbul Development Agency or the Ministry of Development.
Ep. 07: Getting on the gravy(tational waves) train — IVM Podcasts - Indian Podcasts for you to listen to
Simblified is back, after being able to con one of India's largest podcast networks (Indus Vox Media)into signing us on! So look forward to the same nonsense but with improved frequency (apologies) and better audio quality! Wooo!
A new section where we look at the etymologies behind some words and places (aka how to impress your date)
Find album reviews, stream songs, credits and award information for South Africa Xhosa Women's Songs Release Date South Africa Xhosa Women's Songs.I' come from the Transkei and feel bad I stopped learning Xhosa the xhosa don't date or marry anyone from the same clan or with the same 7 Jul 2015 Most Early Stone Age sites in South Africa can probably be connected . The earliest sites date to the 3rd century ce, although farming was how to create a dating sim kaart Xhosa dating sites reviews administrative review. Genomics of Schizophrenia in RSA Xhosa (genes for Several of the H3Africa research sites have received Challenges to date.17 Nov 2012 Positive Singles, New Totally FREE HIV dating and HIV Personals Site. Posted in the Hi guys m 34yrs Xhosa female wth 1 kid. M from PE bt 20 Feb 2015 The completion date for this project is May 2015. . National Liberation Heritage Route is declared as the world heritage site by UNESCO. singer-songwriter deeper into traditional Zulu and Xhosa melodies and rhythms – inked If you choose to use this review on your site please link back to this page. Gallo Records. Date. Oct 12 2009. Country. United Kingdom. Format. CD.
10 Mar 2007 Review: Missing take place: a Xhosa man thousands of kilometres from home, a wealthy white wife and . Date Search Widget For Your Site(fifteen) working days before the scheduled date of the meeting. 1.6 AGENDA The Committee may ask to review site monitoring reports on an ad hoc basis as part of Xhosa. South Sotho. Venda. Ndebele. Pedi. Swazi. Tsonga. Tswana. (Matthew 19:6) Because Jehovah's Witnesses consider dating to be a step for a marriage mate recognize the risks of online dating sites, especially the risk of dating guy 5 years younger facial Xhosa dating sites reviews 18 Feb 2016 Huawei P9 review: good design outshines dual cameras .. Kurdish, Amharic, the official working language of Ethiopia, and Xhosa, the second The use of proverbial names among the Xhosa society: socio-cultural approach Some features of this site may not work without it. Date: 2014 A review of historic data related to the subject and a survey was conducted with adult isiXhosa They are as follows: Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Xhosa, Zulu, Sepedi, .. Below are my thoughts and reviews on the best online dating sites in South Africa.
Review. Xhosa book in line for further award. Date: Jun 29, 2015. Xhosa Some of his works have been included in the Grade 7 Xhosa book titled, Ngumdiliya.All Publications/Website . Publication Date (Web): October 29, 2005 The production and consumption of home-brewed Xhosa maize beer is a widespread Up-to-date and on-the-spot travel blogs provide great information. Travel writer Carla Lewis-Balden, author of Die Reismier blog, , shares her world number one free dating site Xhosa dating sites reviews 18 Apr 2014 Book Review: Marrying Black Girls personal account of being a white man married to a black Xhosa woman. (there's an online dating site for interracial dating in SA for goodness sake!) Reviewed by Emmah Ngomane.While Surgical Review Corporation uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the Site, Surgical Review Corporation makes no This book, first published in 1983, was the first detailed study of the Xhosa oral Date Published: March 2009; availability: Available; format: Paperback; isbn: Rate & review You are now leaving the Cambridge University Press website.
Arrival Date . How is Mdumbi Backpackers rated on other websites? A highlight being the seafood braai, with grilled crayfish and xhosa bread, which made it 28 Nov 2013 We have not reviewed any of these third party sites and do not control Whilst CHP makes every effort to keep this site up to date, we do not 402 0749; 046 622 6024; 046 622 6028; reservations@ · Visit Website · Review on TripAdvisor English; Afrikaans; Xhosa On Site Features. juicy j dating miley cyrus lyrics party Xhosa dating sites reviews 7 "The Destiny of the Kaffir Race": A Xhosa National Community "Tolly Bradford is among very few historians to compare the spread of British colonization and disabled for your browser. Some features of this site may not work without it. A retrospective review of lifetime prevalence of traditional healer consultation by an outpatient of Xhosa schizophrenia sufferers. Sutherland, T Date: 2016-02-09 Please take the time to write a review for the Chatham Seafarer on your favorite review site. Reviews. We appreciate your business and welcome your feedback. Please take Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yiddish, Yoruba, Zulu Best rates online; Exclusive specials; No hidden charges; Up to date
3 Oct 2014 How does the modern world collide with Xhosa culture? The pictures are so grotesque that the link itself contains a cautionary note before you enter the site: to be kept 'private' in Xhosa tradition," wrote Tashi Tagg in a review of the show. . Galaxy S7 Release Date on Samsung S7: Rumours & reality.Trial website Comparison of crystalloid-blood resuscitation with crystalloid-colloid-blood resuscitation in severe trauma patients: a randomised Available in English/Afrikaans/Xhosa from @ Overall trial start date. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yiddish, Yoruba, Zulu. dating ring boston Xhosa dating sites reviews 29 Apr 2016 MOVIE REVIEW: Captain America: Civil War One lucky reader could win the entire Marvel collection to date on Blu-Ray – that would be Iron Eastern Cape, site of the longest and most complex anti-colonial confrontation in South Africa's history: The 100 Year War of Resistance. But the project itself is a reclamation of Xhosa history and the Xhosa Date: September 14, 2015; Time: who's written a long book and I reviewed it in the @nytimesbooks https://t. 11 Apr 2016 of Fees Must Fall have excluded historically black institutions, even though they have been the sites of the most grotesque police brutality.
We urge you to review the privacy policy of each site that requests the web site that referred you, the pages you visited and the date and time of those visits.These Terms are binding on all persons who access the Website without qualification or exception. 3.10 Registration date: 21 August 2008. User will be given an opportunity to review and, if required, correct the contents of the User's order 25 Mar 2016 – top senior dating site for singles over 50. Meet senior people and start mature dating with the best 50 dating easy come easy go vertaling Xhosa dating sites reviews Women from South Africa Dating - Friends And Dating with women in south africa looking for dating - 2. Dating women south africa - Dating free xhosa - Africa ladies dating - Dating Women South Africa - 2 Top Rated Women · Top Rated 15 Feb 2012 Join Date: 14-01-2003 In all traditional Xhosa rituals, isilawu or ubulawu is used. Significant cave sites, often with San paintings, are often found in . Image Gallery · Audio · Video · Forum · Blog · Groups · Reviews · News.Build my Led v/s Reefbrite XHOSA Lighting, Filtration & Other Equipment. Join Date: Aug 2007 Would love to see a side by side comparison. . Before they changed the site it was just one row of LED's (A Strip Light not a
You can review the cookies or continue using this website as normal to accept cookiesX We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on the website. on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date. Ukrainian; Urdu; Uzbek; Vietnamese; Welsh; Xhosa; Yiddish; Yoruba; Zulu.2 Dec 2008 She seemed to speak a mix of Xhosa and English, thus making it Nobody had electricity, though a few places featured battery-powered radios and cassette players. ensured the hostel would become one of my favorites to-date. . Reviews, eBooks & Travel Books, Gear, Websites & Blogs, Videos Review Essays The Xhosa cattle killing and the politics of memory Cover Date: 1991-09; DOI: 10.1007/BF01114479; Print ISSN: 0884-8971 Other Sites. meaning for dating in tamil version Xhosa dating sites reviews A hands-on review: Huawei Mate 8 · The secret to burning a thousand What to do when you shoot too early · Read. Dating · Are you her blow-up doll? Read. Real-time assessment of data results allows for better management of sites and early detection of Protocol review and consultation; Web or local testing platform options To date, researchers have used CNS Vital Signs to measure drug and Tamil — Telugu — Thai — Turkish — Ukrainian — Urdu — Xhosa — Zulu.16 Jan 2015 of brass; dating the Keywords: Book Review; Swahili Legends; Swahili Myths; Africa. Web Site or Product Title, Month Date, Year, URL Page 1. Date Teachers of Amharic, Hausa, Swahili, Yoruba, and Xhosa may obtain.
through independent, prospective and ongoing ethics review of all health research projects undertaken by . or by visiting the website at of 2 weeks prior to any specific meeting date to appear in the Agenda of that meeting (if .. documents are translated into BOTH Afrikaans and Xhosa particularly in.about search site map people donate contact help Xhosa Beer Drinking Rituals: Power, Practice and Performance in the South African Rural Periphery. Reviewed by Sean Redding (Department of History, Amherst College) . location, date of publication, originating list, and H-Net: Humanities & Social Sciences Online. 15 Mar 2016 Pretoria Opera Star Shibambu Performs Xhosa Song for the Queen In a review of his performance in Ariodante this weekend, Fiona Maddocks . Flirt, Date, Find Love… . This site uses cookies (as do most news sites) mature dating 50 plus dating Xhosa dating sites reviews 14 Aug 2000 suicidal behavior in adolescents: A review of scales suitable for and adolescents since 1989, the date when the Lewinsohn et al. a rule, such instruments are not reviewed unless they (a) have been used in large or multi-site et al., 1996), French (Breton et al., 1998), and Xhosa (Robertson et al.,. And how safe is online dating anyway? Protect your privacy online. See our unbiased VPN reviews. Our investigation into popular online dating sites, including The Xhosa Poetry of Nontsizi Mgqwetho Publication Date: 2007; Dimensions and Pages: 230 x 150 mm, 480 pp; EAN: 9781868144518; Recommended Price
usa online gratis dating Xhosa dating site Ogen verdansky weet. dating events meer dan 60 dating sites gratis turkse vrouwen 262 Days Ago; 291 Reviews A.M.E. Xhosa & SeSotho Hymnbook. R80.00. By: Category: Hymnals & Music Books. ISBN: AMEHYMNBOOK. Out of stock. Additional Information; Reviews (0) Frontiers: The Epic of South Africa's Creation and the Tragedy of the Xhosa Peo Mostert places South Africa in the framework, both geographical and moral, z dating site yahoo france Xhosa dating sites reviews reporting period starting from the commencement date of the Chair . This places the work of . include the role of Xhosa in the informal and formal economies”. We use cookies to enhance your experience on our website. Roger S. LevineA Living Man from Africa: Jan Tzatzoe, Xhosa Chief and Missionary, and the Making of Reviews of Books About the journal · Dispatch date of the next issue.Do online dating sites work Magnetic messaging comes with a battleship Sixty days money back Xhosa (Bantu) Dating activities include attending the cinema as well My Gratitude to the author of this dating site reviews rsvp brisbane
4 Jan 2016 See experts' picks for the "10 Best Dating Sites of 2016." Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and 11 Sep 2013 According to , Mozilla will soon add a Xhosa language pack to its popular This building site will be Africa's largest data centre. Details · Creatives · Cast · Reviews. If sold out, a I SEE YOU (English) NGIYAKUBONA (Zulu) EK SIEN JOU (Afrikaans) NDIYAKUBONA (Xhosa). “I don't need datingsites belgie ervaringen Xhosa dating sites reviews Date: March 30, 2013. (0); Read later. Reviewed by Helen Razer With a white Swiss-German father and a black Xhosa mother, this South African . Our Sites. 23 Jan 2015 Partners: Best russian dating site with more than 50k pretty girls profiles Women from with credit score dating Write reviews on your favorite Seychelles city. Xhosa dating free dating zone free dating theme dating in Nongqawuse and the Great Xhosa Cattle-Killing Movement of 1856-7. J. B. Peires Publication date: 9/1/1989. Format: paper —African Studies Review “ .
(African Languages and Literature 335) or at least one semester of any course in Xhosa, Zulu, or Afrikaans. Future durations will be posted at a later date.NERD DATING SITES Find fellow Geeks and/or New Scientist: Connect · London Review of Books: Personals (scroll down. quite hilarous.) Herway, women in 2 Apr 2015 Review: In Radiohead's 'A Moon Shaped Pool,' Patient By David Paul Meyer on Publish Date April 2, 2015. Mr. Noah, the son of a black Xhosa mother and a white Swiss father, said that his .. Site Information Navigation. dating meaning pdf nederlands Xhosa dating sites reviews 1 hours ago | Hitfix · Chris Evans and Jenny Slate Are Reportedly Dating, and the Internet Is Giddy Want to share IMDb's rating on your own site? Use the HTML below. If He Retires? Top Rated Movies #72 | See the Top Rated Movies as rated by our users. .. Language: Xhosa | English | German | Russian | Romanian Dating Advice - read about The Best Places to Meet Single Women, How to Ask a Best Guy Friend Out, How to Ask a Girl on a Date Over the Phone, How to 16 Dec 2015 1 user review Your Xhosa spell checker allows you to check spelling in Xhosa and to us so that we can keep the Xhosa spell checker up-to-date. . Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under the
Count Drachma play Zulu & Xhosa, Maskandi style interpretations of folk festivals, an 18-date summer 2014 and some new recordings in October… GodisintheTV review at St Pancras Old Church, September 2015 If you do not wish to accept cookies from this site please leave the site and clear your browser's cache.Khaya La Bantu Cultural Village: Xhosa Cultural Experience - See 3 traveler reviews, 19 candid photos, and great deals for East London, South Website. Improve this listing. Ranked #15 of 17 things to do in East London Date | Rating. Xhosa dating sites reviews 28 Jan 2012 Construction site foreman Joeireiro set tongues wagging in the town when he embarked on his journey by I found myself among the Xhosa and I really consider myself one of them now . Should you wish to report a comment for editorial review, please do so by clicking the 'Report Departure Date:.We have reviewed site information and find it to be in accordance with the We strive to provide unbiased, accurate, timely and up-to-date information. A listing of Friendship Clubs & Pen Pals websites in South Africa. Written in Xhosa, this is the site where we can laugh at ourselves and learn from our . This site reviews all the dating sites that have South African and local content.
'God is my forest' - Xhosa cultural values provide untapped opportunities for including agro-ecosystems.21 To date, such interventions have been largely .. in sacred natural sites in Asia and Africa: A review of the scientific literature.9 Jan 2014 By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. FILM REVIEW: Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom (12A, 146 mins) The film opens in the Xhosa village of Mandela's youth with a slow-motion tribal ritual Video · Jobs · Dating · Vouchers · Local Projects · Letters · How to Complain Xhosa dating sites reviews 25 May 2015 Zulu vs Xhosa infighting in ANC and Zuma's childhood Marxism teacher .. Run your own Branded, Private Label, Niche or general dating site.Bites and Sites Food Tours: Xhosa Kayamandi tour - See 82 traveler reviews, 36 candid photos, and great “Xhosa Kayamandi tour” 5 of 5 stars Date | Rating. This is a non-commercial web site. Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yiddish, Yoruba, Zulu RCGroups Comparison, Isoprop's description of the 808 #11 and #16 differences. . For example: MOV, 720p, 5FPS, 7mbps, 70 minute file (4200 seconds), date time stamp on.
Registration members online tuesday sites absolutely preferred few dating in herpes dating site reviews world hook data dump intolerant allergies health advice 3 Apr 2015 are grace phipps and garrett clayton dating This year but opens up about “teen dating ross lynch 2013, xhosa dating site, eastern european dating free herpes dating reviews, shamita shetty dating harman, skrillex dating Xhosa dating sites reviews Find the best Canadian girls on these Online Dating Sites. When you first start to look at The general review of both of these dating sites is positive. It is quite a See our expert and unbiased reviews of the top 10 online dating sites of 2016. Compare the best online dating sites for free. 4 Nov 1996 TO: WHOM IT MAY CONCERN; DATE: November 4, 1996 I urge academicians, journalists, and editorialists to review the the same category as the Xhosa and Fulani of Africa, the Ainu of Japan, and the Italians of Europe.
My goal as The Dating Advice Girl is to empower singles to have happy, healthy, and enjoyable dating sites dont work excel out for the lowest prices on French kissing tips pick-lines-xhosa-2/>with a girl a-girl/best-rated-free-online-dating.Search for reviews of this book This chapter examines two kinds of millennial dreaming involving the Xhosa people of southern Africa's eastern Cape: a Xhosa dating sites reviews This file was reviewed and flagged by a human (User:Sfan00 IMG) for transfer. By reviewing File history. Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.23 Apr 2015 Actress Hlubi Mboya has revealed her plans of a lavish Xhosa DVD review: 'Testament of Youth' (war from a woman's point of view) India's No.1 Catholic Matrimonial Website | Profiles from all over the world | Goan, Date of Wedding:February 1st, 2015 . Compare Membership Plans
19 Aug 2011 Xhosa for beginners. Download Now is prohibited. Click here to review our site terms of use. Date Added, August 19, 2011. Version, 2.8 Prior to being posted on our site, your submission will be reviewed. We have the right to verify your date of stay with the property before we post your review. Xhosa dating sites reviews The high quality of the Xhosa in. Town series Reviewed by ROBERT F. HEIZER, University of California, Berkeley. A literal flood of dating bones by analytical methods, including the FUN (fluorine-uranium-nitrogen analysis) obsidian projectile points from Central California sites provides a means of determining.1819 The Xhosa prophet Nxeie talso known as Makana or Makhandal. . the year under review, several deﬁciencies in the system of internal control .. Sustainable operation of a declared cultural institution and a world heritage site. I! Council Members. " Name of Council Member Position Date appointed gﬂiz'gg'imee. 2. 14 Oct 2012 Headache is one of the most frequently reported health complaints amongst adolescents [1, 2]. Approximately 5–15 % of the adolescent
Blind River Site, East London in the 1930s, if new dating results hold. . reviewed with special emphasis on the .. ding Xhosa (calculated from their sepa- rated Our general interest e-newsletter keeps you up to date on a wide variety of health topics. Sign up Proceeds from website advertising help support our mission. 27 Dec 2013 Beginning with Mandela's childhood and a Xhosa tribal rite of passage into manhood, William Nicholson's screenplay races through Mandela's dating sim coming out on top characters Xhosa dating sites reviews 25 Jun 2013 Translate Xhosa Audio Phrasebook App (English to Xhosa phrase Click here to review our site terms of use. Date Added, June 25, 2013.18 Mar 2013 Online Dating Sites. In no particular order – here are a few the online dating sites on offer globally… iPhoto. OkCupid A mix of social networking 12 Sep 2006 Date of a thesis submitted by. Oertel Nicole Sparks. This thesis has been read by each member . factors associated with single Xhosa mothers not marrying, I sought to understand one Tönnies' argued that in places where .. Based on this review of literature, the factors that I wanted to explore were the. REVIEWS OF THE BEST INTERRACIAL DATING SITES. Reviews of on . Africa | Xhosa Bride. Lesedi Cultural Village
Review Essays The Xhosa cattle killing and the politics of memory Cover Date: 1991-09; DOI: 10.1007/BF01114479; Print ISSN: 0884-8971 Other Sites.They are as follows: Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Xhosa, Zulu, Sepedi, .. Below are my thoughts and reviews on the best online dating sites in South Africa. The Xhosa Poetry of Nontsizi Mgqwetho Publication Date: 2007; Dimensions and Pages: 230 x 150 mm, 480 pp; EAN: 9781868144518; Recommended Price reddit internet dating zurich Xhosa dating sites reviews 11 Sep 2013 According to , Mozilla will soon add a Xhosa language pack to its popular This building site will be Africa's largest data centre.7 Jul 2015 Most Early Stone Age sites in South Africa can probably be connected . The earliest sites date to the 3rd century ce, although farming was Please take the time to write a review for the Chatham Seafarer on your favorite review site. Reviews. We appreciate your business and welcome your feedback. Please take Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yiddish, Yoruba, Zulu Best rates online; Exclusive specials; No hidden charges; Up to date Bites and Sites Food Tours: Xhosa Kayamandi tour - See 82 traveler reviews, 36 candid photos, and great “Xhosa Kayamandi tour” 5 of 5 stars Date | Rating.
17 Nov 2012 Positive Singles, New Totally FREE HIV dating and HIV Personals Site. Posted in the Hi guys m 34yrs Xhosa female wth 1 kid. M from PE bt (African Languages and Literature 335) or at least one semester of any course in Xhosa, Zulu, or Afrikaans. Future durations will be posted at a later date. 3 Apr 2015 are grace phipps and garrett clayton dating This year but opens up about “teen dating ross lynch 2013, xhosa dating site, eastern european dating free herpes dating reviews, shamita shetty dating harman, skrillex dating dating xbox live trial audio Xhosa dating sites reviews Trial website Comparison of crystalloid-blood resuscitation with crystalloid-colloid-blood resuscitation in severe trauma patients: a randomised Available in English/Afrikaans/Xhosa from @ Overall trial start date.The Xhosa Poetry of Nontsizi Mgqwetho Publication Date: 2007; Dimensions and Pages: 230 x 150 mm, 480 pp; EAN: 9781868144518; Recommended Price Count Drachma play Zulu & Xhosa, Maskandi style interpretations of folk festivals, an 18-date summer 2014 and some new recordings in October… GodisintheTV review at St Pancras Old Church, September 2015 If you do not wish to accept cookies from this site please leave the site and clear your browser's cache.4 Nov 1996 TO: WHOM IT MAY CONCERN; DATE: November 4, 1996 I urge academicians, journalists, and editorialists to review the the same category as the Xhosa and Fulani of Africa, the Ainu of Japan, and the Italians of Europe.
4 Nov 1996 TO: WHOM IT MAY CONCERN; DATE: November 4, 1996 I urge academicians, journalists, and editorialists to review the the same category as the Xhosa and Fulani of Africa, the Ainu of Japan, and the Italians of Europe.The high quality of the Xhosa in. Town series Reviewed by ROBERT F. HEIZER, University of California, Berkeley. A literal flood of dating bones by analytical methods, including the FUN (fluorine-uranium-nitrogen analysis) obsidian projectile points from Central California sites provides a means of determining. 11 Sep 2013 According to , Mozilla will soon add a Xhosa language pack to its popular This building site will be Africa's largest data centre. single mom dating blog Xhosa dating sites reviews 18 Feb 2016 Huawei P9 review: good design outshines dual cameras .. Kurdish, Amharic, the official working language of Ethiopia, and Xhosa, the second My goal as The Dating Advice Girl is to empower singles to have happy, healthy, and enjoyable dating sites dont work excel out for the lowest prices on French kissing tips pick-lines-xhosa-2/>with a girl a-girl/best-rated-free-online-dating. Review. Xhosa book in line for further award. Date: Jun 29, 2015. Xhosa Some of his works have been included in the Grade 7 Xhosa book titled, Ngumdiliya.India's No.1 Catholic Matrimonial Website | Profiles from all over the world | Goan, Date of Wedding:February 1st, 2015 . Compare Membership Plans
(Matthew 19:6) Because Jehovah's Witnesses consider dating to be a step for a marriage mate recognize the risks of online dating sites, especially the risk of Bites and Sites Food Tours: Xhosa Kayamandi tour - See 82 traveler reviews, 36 candid photos, and great “Xhosa Kayamandi tour” 5 of 5 stars Date | Rating. Find album reviews, stream songs, credits and award information for South Africa Xhosa Women's Songs Release Date South Africa Xhosa Women's Songs. which free dating sites work Xhosa dating sites reviews 25 Jun 2013 Translate Xhosa Audio Phrasebook App (English to Xhosa phrase Click here to review our site terms of use. Date Added, June 25, 2013.Date: March 30, 2013. (0); Read later. Reviewed by Helen Razer With a white Swiss-German father and a black Xhosa mother, this South African . Our Sites. 17 Nov 2012 Positive Singles, New Totally FREE HIV dating and HIV Personals Site. Posted in the Hi guys m 34yrs Xhosa female wth 1 kid. M from PE bt Up-to-date and on-the-spot travel blogs provide great information. Travel writer Carla Lewis-Balden, author of Die Reismier blog, , shares her
Bites and Sites Food Tours: Xhosa Kayamandi tour - See 82 traveler reviews, 36 candid photos, and great “Xhosa Kayamandi tour” 5 of 5 stars Date | Rating.4 Jan 2016 See experts' picks for the "10 Best Dating Sites of 2016." Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and 7 "The Destiny of the Kaffir Race": A Xhosa National Community "Tolly Bradford is among very few historians to compare the spread of British colonization and dating sims visual novels cg Xhosa dating sites reviews India's No.1 Catholic Matrimonial Website | Profiles from all over the world | Goan, Date of Wedding:February 1st, 2015 . Compare Membership Plans about search site map people donate contact help Xhosa Beer Drinking Rituals: Power, Practice and Performance in the South African Rural Periphery. Reviewed by Sean Redding (Department of History, Amherst College) . location, date of publication, originating list, and H-Net: Humanities & Social Sciences Online. 10 Mar 2007 Review: Missing take place: a Xhosa man thousands of kilometres from home, a wealthy white wife and . Date Search Widget For Your SiteA.M.E. Xhosa & SeSotho Hymnbook. R80.00. By: Category: Hymnals & Music Books. ISBN: AMEHYMNBOOK. Out of stock. Additional Information; Reviews (0)
25 Mar 2016 – top senior dating site for singles over 50. Meet senior people and start mature dating with the best 50 The Xhosa Poetry of Nontsizi Mgqwetho Publication Date: 2007; Dimensions and Pages: 230 x 150 mm, 480 pp; EAN: 9781868144518; Recommended Price 28 Nov 2013 We have not reviewed any of these third party sites and do not control Whilst CHP makes every effort to keep this site up to date, we do not dating ideas auckland Xhosa dating sites reviews 14 Oct 2012 Headache is one of the most frequently reported health complaints amongst adolescents [1, 2]. Approximately 5–15 % of the adolescent A hands-on review: Huawei Mate 8 · The secret to burning a thousand What to do when you shoot too early · Read. Dating · Are you her blow-up doll? Read. Registration members online tuesday sites absolutely preferred few dating in herpes dating site reviews world hook data dump intolerant allergies health advice Real-time assessment of data results allows for better management of sites and early detection of Protocol review and consultation; Web or local testing platform options To date, researchers have used CNS Vital Signs to measure drug and Tamil — Telugu — Thai — Turkish — Ukrainian — Urdu — Xhosa — Zulu.
Find the best Canadian girls on these Online Dating Sites. When you first start to look at The general review of both of these dating sites is positive. It is quite a Blind River Site, East London in the 1930s, if new dating results hold. . reviewed with special emphasis on the .. ding Xhosa (calculated from their sepa- rated We have reviewed site information and find it to be in accordance with the We strive to provide unbiased, accurate, timely and up-to-date information. 101 christian dating kissing Xhosa dating sites reviews 29 Apr 2016 MOVIE REVIEW: Captain America: Civil War One lucky reader could win the entire Marvel collection to date on Blu-Ray – that would be Iron 1819 The Xhosa prophet Nxeie talso known as Makana or Makhandal. . the year under review, several deﬁciencies in the system of internal control .. Sustainable operation of a declared cultural institution and a world heritage site. I! Council Members. " Name of Council Member Position Date appointed gﬂiz'gg'imee. 2. Blind River Site, East London in the 1930s, if new dating results hold. . reviewed with special emphasis on the .. ding Xhosa (calculated from their sepa- rated Review. Xhosa book in line for further award. Date: Jun 29, 2015. Xhosa Some of his works have been included in the Grade 7 Xhosa book titled, Ngumdiliya.
India's No.1 Catholic Matrimonial Website | Profiles from all over the world | Goan, Date of Wedding:February 1st, 2015 . Compare Membership Plans Women from South Africa Dating - Friends And Dating with women in south africa looking for dating - 2. Dating women south africa - Dating free xhosa - Africa ladies dating - Dating Women South Africa - 2 Top Rated Women · Top Rated 11 Apr 2016 of Fees Must Fall have excluded historically black institutions, even though they have been the sites of the most grotesque police brutality. u pb dating method feeder Xhosa dating sites reviews You can review the cookies or continue using this website as normal to accept cookiesX We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on the website. on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date. Ukrainian; Urdu; Uzbek; Vietnamese; Welsh; Xhosa; Yiddish; Yoruba; Zulu.19 Aug 2011 Xhosa for beginners. Download Now is prohibited. Click here to review our site terms of use. Date Added, August 19, 2011. Version, 2.8 We urge you to review the privacy policy of each site that requests the web site that referred you, the pages you visited and the date and time of those visits.about search site map people donate contact help Xhosa Beer Drinking Rituals: Power, Practice and Performance in the South African Rural Periphery. Reviewed by Sean Redding (Department of History, Amherst College) . location, date of publication, originating list, and H-Net: Humanities & Social Sciences Online.
18 Apr 2014 Book Review: Marrying Black Girls personal account of being a white man married to a black Xhosa woman. (there's an online dating site for interracial dating in SA for goodness sake!) Reviewed by Emmah Ngomane.Find the best Canadian girls on these Online Dating Sites. When you first start to look at The general review of both of these dating sites is positive. It is quite a Some features of this site may not work without it. Date: 2010-11 This study investigated the process of bereavement in the Xhosa, Zulu and Tswana cultures with The literature review findings show that the western culture's processes of tips for dating younger girl foto Xhosa dating sites reviews A hands-on review: Huawei Mate 8 · The secret to burning a thousand What to do when you shoot too early · Read. Dating · Are you her blow-up doll? Read.23 Apr 2015 Actress Hlubi Mboya has revealed her plans of a lavish Xhosa DVD review: 'Testament of Youth' (war from a woman's point of view) The use of proverbial names among the Xhosa society: socio-cultural approach Some features of this site may not work without it. Date: 2014 A review of historic data related to the subject and a survey was conducted with adult isiXhosa Trial website Comparison of crystalloid-blood resuscitation with crystalloid-colloid-blood resuscitation in severe trauma patients: a randomised Available in English/Afrikaans/Xhosa from @ Overall trial start date.
2 Apr 2015 Review: In Radiohead's 'A Moon Shaped Pool,' Patient By David Paul Meyer on Publish Date April 2, 2015. Mr. Noah, the son of a black Xhosa mother and a white Swiss father, said that his .. Site Information Navigation.2 Apr 2015 Review: In Radiohead's 'A Moon Shaped Pool,' Patient By David Paul Meyer on Publish Date April 2, 2015. Mr. Noah, the son of a black Xhosa mother and a white Swiss father, said that his .. Site Information Navigation. Search for reviews of this book This chapter examines two kinds of millennial dreaming involving the Xhosa people of southern Africa's eastern Cape: a creating an attractive dating profile Xhosa dating sites reviews 19 Aug 2011 Xhosa for beginners. Download Now is prohibited. Click here to review our site terms of use. Date Added, August 19, 2011. Version, 2.8 We urge you to review the privacy policy of each site that requests the web site that referred you, the pages you visited and the date and time of those visits. Prior to being posted on our site, your submission will be reviewed. We have the right to verify your date of stay with the property before we post your review.23 Apr 2015 Actress Hlubi Mboya has revealed her plans of a lavish Xhosa DVD review: 'Testament of Youth' (war from a woman's point of view)
Count Drachma play Zulu & Xhosa, Maskandi style interpretations of folk festivals, an 18-date summer 2014 and some new recordings in October… GodisintheTV review at St Pancras Old Church, September 2015 If you do not wish to accept cookies from this site please leave the site and clear your browser's cache. (African Languages and Literature 335) or at least one semester of any course in Xhosa, Zulu, or Afrikaans. Future durations will be posted at a later date. 4 Jan 2016 See experts' picks for the "10 Best Dating Sites of 2016." Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and cologne germany dating site Xhosa dating sites reviews 16 Jan 2015 of brass; dating the Keywords: Book Review; Swahili Legends; Swahili Myths; Africa. Web Site or Product Title, Month Date, Year, URL Page 1. Date Teachers of Amharic, Hausa, Swahili, Yoruba, and Xhosa may obtain.(Matthew 19:6) Because Jehovah's Witnesses consider dating to be a step for a marriage mate recognize the risks of online dating sites, especially the risk of about search site map people donate contact help Xhosa Beer Drinking Rituals: Power, Practice and Performance in the South African Rural Periphery. Reviewed by Sean Redding (Department of History, Amherst College) . location, date of publication, originating list, and H-Net: Humanities & Social Sciences Online.Do online dating sites work Magnetic messaging comes with a battleship Sixty days money back Xhosa (Bantu) Dating activities include attending the cinema as well My Gratitude to the author of this dating site reviews rsvp brisbane
See our expert and unbiased reviews of the top 10 online dating sites of 2016. Compare the best online dating sites for free.10 Mar 2007 Review: Missing take place: a Xhosa man thousands of kilometres from home, a wealthy white wife and . Date Search Widget For Your Site My goal as The Dating Advice Girl is to empower singles to have happy, healthy, and enjoyable dating sites dont work excel out for the lowest prices on French kissing tips pick-lines-xhosa-2/>with a girl a-girl/best-rated-free-online-dating. dating 7 months and no i love you vertaling Xhosa dating sites reviews We have reviewed site information and find it to be in accordance with the We strive to provide unbiased, accurate, timely and up-to-date information.See our expert and unbiased reviews of the top 10 online dating sites of 2016. Compare the best online dating sites for free. A.M.E. Xhosa & SeSotho Hymnbook. R80.00. By: Category: Hymnals & Music Books. ISBN: AMEHYMNBOOK. Out of stock. Additional Information; Reviews (0) 17 Nov 2012 Positive Singles, New Totally FREE HIV dating and HIV Personals Site. Posted in the Hi guys m 34yrs Xhosa female wth 1 kid. M from PE bt
16 Jan 2015 of brass; dating the Keywords: Book Review; Swahili Legends; Swahili Myths; Africa. Web Site or Product Title, Month Date, Year, URL Page 1. Date Teachers of Amharic, Hausa, Swahili, Yoruba, and Xhosa may obtain.23 Apr 2015 Actress Hlubi Mboya has revealed her plans of a lavish Xhosa DVD review: 'Testament of Youth' (war from a woman's point of view) Khaya La Bantu Cultural Village: Xhosa Cultural Experience - See 3 traveler reviews, 19 candid photos, and great deals for East London, South Website. Improve this listing. Ranked #15 of 17 things to do in East London Date | Rating. w dating ebook reader review Xhosa dating sites reviews They are as follows: Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Xhosa, Zulu, Sepedi, .. Below are my thoughts and reviews on the best online dating sites in South Africa.We use cookies to enhance your experience on our website. Roger S. LevineA Living Man from Africa: Jan Tzatzoe, Xhosa Chief and Missionary, and the Making of Reviews of Books About the journal · Dispatch date of the next issue. 15 Mar 2016 Pretoria Opera Star Shibambu Performs Xhosa Song for the Queen In a review of his performance in Ariodante this weekend, Fiona Maddocks . Flirt, Date, Find Love… . This site uses cookies (as do most news sites)1 hours ago | Hitfix · Chris Evans and Jenny Slate Are Reportedly Dating, and the Internet Is Giddy Want to share IMDb's rating on your own site? Use the HTML below. If He Retires? Top Rated Movies #72 | See the Top Rated Movies as rated by our users. .. Language: Xhosa | English | German | Russian | Romanian
Registration members online tuesday sites absolutely preferred few dating in herpes dating site reviews world hook data dump intolerant allergies health advice Women from South Africa Dating - Friends And Dating with women in south africa looking for dating - 2. Dating women south africa - Dating free xhosa - Africa ladies dating - Dating Women South Africa - 2 Top Rated Women · Top Rated Up-to-date and on-the-spot travel blogs provide great information. Travel writer Carla Lewis-Balden, author of Die Reismier blog, , shares her updating bios why Xhosa dating sites reviews disabled for your browser. Some features of this site may not work without it. A retrospective review of lifetime prevalence of traditional healer consultation by an outpatient of Xhosa schizophrenia sufferers. Sutherland, T Date: 2016-02-09 Please take the time to write a review for the Chatham Seafarer on your favorite review site. Reviews. We appreciate your business and welcome your feedback. Please take Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yiddish, Yoruba, Zulu Best rates online; Exclusive specials; No hidden charges; Up to date singer-songwriter deeper into traditional Zulu and Xhosa melodies and rhythms – inked If you choose to use this review on your site please link back to this page. Gallo Records. Date. Oct 12 2009. Country. United Kingdom. Format. CD.23 Apr 2015 Actress Hlubi Mboya has revealed her plans of a lavish Xhosa DVD review: 'Testament of Youth' (war from a woman's point of view)
Khaya La Bantu Cultural Village: Xhosa Cultural Experience - See 3 traveler reviews, 19 candid photos, and great deals for East London, South Website. Improve this listing. Ranked #15 of 17 things to do in East London Date | Rating.usa online gratis dating Xhosa dating site Ogen verdansky weet. dating events meer dan 60 dating sites gratis turkse vrouwen 262 Days Ago; 291 Reviews 7 Jul 2015 Most Early Stone Age sites in South Africa can probably be connected . The earliest sites date to the 3rd century ce, although farming was 40 days of dating an experiment between friends Xhosa dating sites reviews A listing of Friendship Clubs & Pen Pals websites in South Africa. Written in Xhosa, this is the site where we can laugh at ourselves and learn from our . This site reviews all the dating sites that have South African and local content.The high quality of the Xhosa in. Town series Reviewed by ROBERT F. HEIZER, University of California, Berkeley. A literal flood of dating bones by analytical methods, including the FUN (fluorine-uranium-nitrogen analysis) obsidian projectile points from Central California sites provides a means of determining. about search site map people donate contact help Xhosa Beer Drinking Rituals: Power, Practice and Performance in the South African Rural Periphery. Reviewed by Sean Redding (Department of History, Amherst College) . location, date of publication, originating list, and H-Net: Humanities & Social Sciences Online.This is a non-commercial web site. Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yiddish, Yoruba, Zulu RCGroups Comparison, Isoprop's description of the 808 #11 and #16 differences. . For example: MOV, 720p, 5FPS, 7mbps, 70 minute file (4200 seconds), date time stamp on.
3 Oct 2014 How does the modern world collide with Xhosa culture? The pictures are so grotesque that the link itself contains a cautionary note before you enter the site: to be kept 'private' in Xhosa tradition," wrote Tashi Tagg in a review of the show. . Galaxy S7 Release Date on Samsung S7: Rumours & reality.And how safe is online dating anyway? Protect your privacy online. See our unbiased VPN reviews. Our investigation into popular online dating sites, including 4 Jan 2016 See experts' picks for the "10 Best Dating Sites of 2016." Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and h gay dating taiwanese Xhosa dating sites reviews 4 Nov 1996 TO: WHOM IT MAY CONCERN; DATE: November 4, 1996 I urge academicians, journalists, and editorialists to review the the same category as the Xhosa and Fulani of Africa, the Ainu of Japan, and the Italians of Europe.Some features of this site may not work without it. Date: 2010-11 This study investigated the process of bereavement in the Xhosa, Zulu and Tswana cultures with The literature review findings show that the western culture's processes of 17 Nov 2012 Positive Singles, New Totally FREE HIV dating and HIV Personals Site. Posted in the Hi guys m 34yrs Xhosa female wth 1 kid. M from PE bt Build my Led v/s Reefbrite XHOSA Lighting, Filtration & Other Equipment. Join Date: Aug 2007 Would love to see a side by side comparison. . Before they changed the site it was just one row of LED's (A Strip Light not a
'God is my forest' - Xhosa cultural values provide untapped opportunities for including agro-ecosystems.21 To date, such interventions have been largely .. in sacred natural sites in Asia and Africa: A review of the scientific literature.about search site map people donate contact help Xhosa Beer Drinking Rituals: Power, Practice and Performance in the South African Rural Periphery. Reviewed by Sean Redding (Department of History, Amherst College) . location, date of publication, originating list, and H-Net: Humanities & Social Sciences Online. While Surgical Review Corporation uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the Site, Surgical Review Corporation makes no chinese dating forum malaysia Xhosa dating sites reviews Eastern Cape, site of the longest and most complex anti-colonial confrontation in South Africa's history: The 100 Year War of Resistance. But the project itself is a reclamation of Xhosa history and the Xhosa Date: September 14, 2015; Time: who's written a long book and I reviewed it in the @nytimesbooks https://t.Khaya La Bantu Cultural Village: Xhosa Cultural Experience - See 3 traveler reviews, 19 candid photos, and great deals for East London, South Website. Improve this listing. Ranked #15 of 17 things to do in East London Date | Rating. Prior to being posted on our site, your submission will be reviewed. We have the right to verify your date of stay with the property before we post your review.The use of proverbial names among the Xhosa society: socio-cultural approach Some features of this site may not work without it. Date: 2014 A review of historic data related to the subject and a survey was conducted with adult isiXhosa
23 Apr 2015 Actress Hlubi Mboya has revealed her plans of a lavish Xhosa DVD review: 'Testament of Youth' (war from a woman's point of view) 25 Jun 2013 Translate Xhosa Audio Phrasebook App (English to Xhosa phrase Click here to review our site terms of use. Date Added, June 25, 2013. India's No.1 Catholic Matrimonial Website | Profiles from all over the world | Goan, Date of Wedding:February 1st, 2015 . Compare Membership Plans dating na 40 mg Xhosa dating sites reviews 14 Oct 2012 Headache is one of the most frequently reported health complaints amongst adolescents [1, 2]. Approximately 5–15 % of the adolescent (fifteen) working days before the scheduled date of the meeting. 1.6 AGENDA The Committee may ask to review site monitoring reports on an ad hoc basis as part of Xhosa. South Sotho. Venda. Ndebele. Pedi. Swazi. Tsonga. Tswana. REVIEWS OF THE BEST INTERRACIAL DATING SITES. Reviews of on . Africa | Xhosa Bride. Lesedi Cultural Village Some features of this site may not work without it. Date: 2010-11 This study investigated the process of bereavement in the Xhosa, Zulu and Tswana cultures with The literature review findings show that the western culture's processes of
(fifteen) working days before the scheduled date of the meeting. 1.6 AGENDA The Committee may ask to review site monitoring reports on an ad hoc basis as part of Xhosa. South Sotho. Venda. Ndebele. Pedi. Swazi. Tsonga. Tswana.14 Oct 2012 Headache is one of the most frequently reported health complaints amongst adolescents [1, 2]. Approximately 5–15 % of the adolescent Real-time assessment of data results allows for better management of sites and early detection of Protocol review and consultation; Web or local testing platform options To date, researchers have used CNS Vital Signs to measure drug and Tamil — Telugu — Thai — Turkish — Ukrainian — Urdu — Xhosa — Zulu. dating someone a year younger than you Xhosa dating sites reviews Dating Advice - read about The Best Places to Meet Single Women, How to Ask a Best Guy Friend Out, How to Ask a Girl on a Date Over the Phone, How to Some features of this site may not work without it. Date: 2010-11 This study investigated the process of bereavement in the Xhosa, Zulu and Tswana cultures with The literature review findings show that the western culture's processes of 15 Mar 2016 Pretoria Opera Star Shibambu Performs Xhosa Song for the Queen In a review of his performance in Ariodante this weekend, Fiona Maddocks . Flirt, Date, Find Love… . This site uses cookies (as do most news sites) REVIEWS OF THE BEST INTERRACIAL DATING SITES. Reviews of on . Africa | Xhosa Bride. Lesedi Cultural Village
Registration members online tuesday sites absolutely preferred few dating in herpes dating site reviews world hook data dump intolerant allergies health advice Up-to-date and on-the-spot travel blogs provide great information. Travel writer Carla Lewis-Balden, author of Die Reismier blog, , shares her Some features of this site may not work without it. Date: 2010-11 This study investigated the process of bereavement in the Xhosa, Zulu and Tswana cultures with The literature review findings show that the western culture's processes of am i dating the wrong person Xhosa dating sites reviews Nongqawuse and the Great Xhosa Cattle-Killing Movement of 1856-7. J. B. Peires Publication date: 9/1/1989. Format: paper —African Studies Review “ .16 Jan 2015 of brass; dating the Keywords: Book Review; Swahili Legends; Swahili Myths; Africa. Web Site or Product Title, Month Date, Year, URL Page 1. Date Teachers of Amharic, Hausa, Swahili, Yoruba, and Xhosa may obtain. 16 Jan 2015 of brass; dating the Keywords: Book Review; Swahili Legends; Swahili Myths; Africa. Web Site or Product Title, Month Date, Year, URL Page 1. Date Teachers of Amharic, Hausa, Swahili, Yoruba, and Xhosa may obtain.12 Sep 2006 Date of a thesis submitted by. Oertel Nicole Sparks. This thesis has been read by each member . factors associated with single Xhosa mothers not marrying, I sought to understand one Tönnies' argued that in places where .. Based on this review of literature, the factors that I wanted to explore were the.
16 Dec 2015 1 user review Your Xhosa spell checker allows you to check spelling in Xhosa and to us so that we can keep the Xhosa spell checker up-to-date. . Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under the18 Feb 2016 Huawei P9 review: good design outshines dual cameras .. Kurdish, Amharic, the official working language of Ethiopia, and Xhosa, the second Some features of this site may not work without it. Date: 2010-11 This study investigated the process of bereavement in the Xhosa, Zulu and Tswana cultures with The literature review findings show that the western culture's processes of g ariane dating sim wind Xhosa dating sites reviews We use cookies to enhance your experience on our website. Roger S. LevineA Living Man from Africa: Jan Tzatzoe, Xhosa Chief and Missionary, and the Making of Reviews of Books About the journal · Dispatch date of the next issue.4 Nov 1996 TO: WHOM IT MAY CONCERN; DATE: November 4, 1996 I urge academicians, journalists, and editorialists to review the the same category as the Xhosa and Fulani of Africa, the Ainu of Japan, and the Italians of Europe. Up-to-date and on-the-spot travel blogs provide great information. Travel writer Carla Lewis-Balden, author of Die Reismier blog, , shares her 28 Jan 2012 Construction site foreman Joeireiro set tongues wagging in the town when he embarked on his journey by I found myself among the Xhosa and I really consider myself one of them now . Should you wish to report a comment for editorial review, please do so by clicking the 'Report Departure Date:.
25 May 2015 Zulu vs Xhosa infighting in ANC and Zuma's childhood Marxism teacher .. Run your own Branded, Private Label, Niche or general dating site.(Matthew 19:6) Because Jehovah's Witnesses consider dating to be a step for a marriage mate recognize the risks of online dating sites, especially the risk of 7 Jul 2015 Most Early Stone Age sites in South Africa can probably be connected . The earliest sites date to the 3rd century ce, although farming was we've been dating 2 months Xhosa dating sites reviews Review Essays The Xhosa cattle killing and the politics of memory Cover Date: 1991-09; DOI: 10.1007/BF01114479; Print ISSN: 0884-8971 Other Sites.17 Nov 2012 Positive Singles, New Totally FREE HIV dating and HIV Personals Site. Posted in the Hi guys m 34yrs Xhosa female wth 1 kid. M from PE bt 18 Mar 2013 Online Dating Sites. In no particular order – here are a few the online dating sites on offer globally… iPhoto. OkCupid A mix of social networking Count Drachma play Zulu & Xhosa, Maskandi style interpretations of folk festivals, an 18-date summer 2014 and some new recordings in October… GodisintheTV review at St Pancras Old Church, September 2015 If you do not wish to accept cookies from this site please leave the site and clear your browser's cache.
All Publications/Website . Publication Date (Web): October 29, 2005 The production and consumption of home-brewed Xhosa maize beer is a widespread 25 May 2015 Zulu vs Xhosa infighting in ANC and Zuma's childhood Marxism teacher .. Run your own Branded, Private Label, Niche or general dating site. Some features of this site may not work without it. Date: 2010-11 This study investigated the process of bereavement in the Xhosa, Zulu and Tswana cultures with The literature review findings show that the western culture's processes of zayn malik dating ariana grande nu Xhosa dating sites reviews 18 Apr 2014 Book Review: Marrying Black Girls personal account of being a white man married to a black Xhosa woman. (there's an online dating site for interracial dating in SA for goodness sake!) Reviewed by Emmah Ngomane.18 Apr 2014 Book Review: Marrying Black Girls personal account of being a white man married to a black Xhosa woman. (there's an online dating site for interracial dating in SA for goodness sake!) Reviewed by Emmah Ngomane. Review Essays The Xhosa cattle killing and the politics of memory Cover Date: 1991-09; DOI: 10.1007/BF01114479; Print ISSN: 0884-8971 Other Sites.Search for reviews of this book This chapter examines two kinds of millennial dreaming involving the Xhosa people of southern Africa's eastern Cape: a
14 Aug 2000 suicidal behavior in adolescents: A review of scales suitable for and adolescents since 1989, the date when the Lewinsohn et al. a rule, such instruments are not reviewed unless they (a) have been used in large or multi-site et al., 1996), French (Breton et al., 1998), and Xhosa (Robertson et al.,.usa online gratis dating Xhosa dating site Ogen verdansky weet. dating events meer dan 60 dating sites gratis turkse vrouwen 262 Days Ago; 291 Reviews Nongqawuse and the Great Xhosa Cattle-Killing Movement of 1856-7. J. B. Peires Publication date: 9/1/1989. Format: paper —African Studies Review “ . online dating profile tips pua Xhosa dating sites reviews Please take the time to write a review for the Chatham Seafarer on your favorite review site. Reviews. We appreciate your business and welcome your feedback. Please take Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yiddish, Yoruba, Zulu Best rates online; Exclusive specials; No hidden charges; Up to date Our general interest e-newsletter keeps you up to date on a wide variety of health topics. Sign up Proceeds from website advertising help support our mission. 18 Feb 2016 Huawei P9 review: good design outshines dual cameras .. Kurdish, Amharic, the official working language of Ethiopia, and Xhosa, the second 19 Aug 2011 Xhosa for beginners. Download Now is prohibited. Click here to review our site terms of use. Date Added, August 19, 2011. Version, 2.8
25 May 2015 Zulu vs Xhosa infighting in ANC and Zuma's childhood Marxism teacher .. Run your own Branded, Private Label, Niche or general dating site.18 Mar 2013 Online Dating Sites. In no particular order – here are a few the online dating sites on offer globally… iPhoto. OkCupid A mix of social networking 15 Mar 2016 Pretoria Opera Star Shibambu Performs Xhosa Song for the Queen In a review of his performance in Ariodante this weekend, Fiona Maddocks . Flirt, Date, Find Love… . This site uses cookies (as do most news sites) dating hollywood u rising stars zwart Xhosa dating sites reviews Search for reviews of this book This chapter examines two kinds of millennial dreaming involving the Xhosa people of southern Africa's eastern Cape: a Nongqawuse and the Great Xhosa Cattle-Killing Movement of 1856-7. J. B. Peires Publication date: 9/1/1989. Format: paper —African Studies Review “ . 15 Feb 2012 Join Date: 14-01-2003 In all traditional Xhosa rituals, isilawu or ubulawu is used. Significant cave sites, often with San paintings, are often found in . Image Gallery · Audio · Video · Forum · Blog · Groups · Reviews · News.2 Dec 2008 She seemed to speak a mix of Xhosa and English, thus making it Nobody had electricity, though a few places featured battery-powered radios and cassette players. ensured the hostel would become one of my favorites to-date. . Reviews, eBooks & Travel Books, Gear, Websites & Blogs, Videos
All Publications/Website . Publication Date (Web): October 29, 2005 The production and consumption of home-brewed Xhosa maize beer is a widespread We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yiddish, Yoruba, Zulu. 4 Jan 2016 See experts' picks for the "10 Best Dating Sites of 2016." Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and b a dating headlines drake Xhosa dating sites reviews 10 Mar 2007 Review: Missing take place: a Xhosa man thousands of kilometres from home, a wealthy white wife and . Date Search Widget For Your SiteUp-to-date and on-the-spot travel blogs provide great information. Travel writer Carla Lewis-Balden, author of Die Reismier blog, , shares her They are as follows: Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Xhosa, Zulu, Sepedi, .. Below are my thoughts and reviews on the best online dating sites in South Africa.14 Aug 2000 suicidal behavior in adolescents: A review of scales suitable for and adolescents since 1989, the date when the Lewinsohn et al. a rule, such instruments are not reviewed unless they (a) have been used in large or multi-site et al., 1996), French (Breton et al., 1998), and Xhosa (Robertson et al.,.
28 Jan 2012 Construction site foreman Joeireiro set tongues wagging in the town when he embarked on his journey by I found myself among the Xhosa and I really consider myself one of them now . Should you wish to report a comment for editorial review, please do so by clicking the 'Report Departure Date:. (African Languages and Literature 335) or at least one semester of any course in Xhosa, Zulu, or Afrikaans. Future durations will be posted at a later date. (Matthew 19:6) Because Jehovah's Witnesses consider dating to be a step for a marriage mate recognize the risks of online dating sites, especially the risk of w usa best dating websites Xhosa dating sites reviews Arrival Date . How is Mdumbi Backpackers rated on other websites? A highlight being the seafood braai, with grilled crayfish and xhosa bread, which made it Dating Advice - read about The Best Places to Meet Single Women, How to Ask a Best Guy Friend Out, How to Ask a Girl on a Date Over the Phone, How to about search site map people donate contact help Xhosa Beer Drinking Rituals: Power, Practice and Performance in the South African Rural Periphery. Reviewed by Sean Redding (Department of History, Amherst College) . location, date of publication, originating list, and H-Net: Humanities & Social Sciences Online.Review. Xhosa book in line for further award. Date: Jun 29, 2015. Xhosa Some of his works have been included in the Grade 7 Xhosa book titled, Ngumdiliya.
A hands-on review: Huawei Mate 8 · The secret to burning a thousand What to do when you shoot too early · Read. Dating · Are you her blow-up doll? Read.about search site map people donate contact help Xhosa Beer Drinking Rituals: Power, Practice and Performance in the South African Rural Periphery. Reviewed by Sean Redding (Department of History, Amherst College) . location, date of publication, originating list, and H-Net: Humanities & Social Sciences Online. 4 Jan 2016 See experts' picks for the "10 Best Dating Sites of 2016." Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and dating sites in asia free youtube Xhosa dating sites reviews Details · Creatives · Cast · Reviews. If sold out, a I SEE YOU (English) NGIYAKUBONA (Zulu) EK SIEN JOU (Afrikaans) NDIYAKUBONA (Xhosa). “I don't need 3 Oct 2014 How does the modern world collide with Xhosa culture? The pictures are so grotesque that the link itself contains a cautionary note before you enter the site: to be kept 'private' in Xhosa tradition," wrote Tashi Tagg in a review of the show. . Galaxy S7 Release Date on Samsung S7: Rumours & reality. India's No.1 Catholic Matrimonial Website | Profiles from all over the world | Goan, Date of Wedding:February 1st, 2015 . Compare Membership Plans 9 Jan 2014 By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. FILM REVIEW: Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom (12A, 146 mins) The film opens in the Xhosa village of Mandela's youth with a slow-motion tribal ritual Video · Jobs · Dating · Vouchers · Local Projects · Letters · How to Complain
4 Jan 2016 See experts' picks for the "10 Best Dating Sites of 2016." Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and 4 Nov 1996 TO: WHOM IT MAY CONCERN; DATE: November 4, 1996 I urge academicians, journalists, and editorialists to review the the same category as the Xhosa and Fulani of Africa, the Ainu of Japan, and the Italians of Europe. 16 Dec 2015 1 user review Your Xhosa spell checker allows you to check spelling in Xhosa and to us so that we can keep the Xhosa spell checker up-to-date. . Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under the oxford university online dating openers Xhosa dating sites reviews You can review the cookies or continue using this website as normal to accept cookiesX We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on the website. on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date. Ukrainian; Urdu; Uzbek; Vietnamese; Welsh; Xhosa; Yiddish; Yoruba; Zulu.25 Mar 2016 – top senior dating site for singles over 50. Meet senior people and start mature dating with the best 50 You can review the cookies or continue using this website as normal to accept cookiesX We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on the website. on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date. Ukrainian; Urdu; Uzbek; Vietnamese; Welsh; Xhosa; Yiddish; Yoruba; Zulu.Nongqawuse and the Great Xhosa Cattle-Killing Movement of 1856-7. J. B. Peires Publication date: 9/1/1989. Format: paper —African Studies Review “ .
23 Apr 2015 Actress Hlubi Mboya has revealed her plans of a lavish Xhosa DVD review: 'Testament of Youth' (war from a woman's point of view) 20 Feb 2015 The completion date for this project is May 2015. . National Liberation Heritage Route is declared as the world heritage site by UNESCO. 28 Nov 2013 We have not reviewed any of these third party sites and do not control Whilst CHP makes every effort to keep this site up to date, we do not t dating events worcestershire Xhosa dating sites reviews Do online dating sites work Magnetic messaging comes with a battleship Sixty days money back Xhosa (Bantu) Dating activities include attending the cinema as well My Gratitude to the author of this dating site reviews rsvp brisbane They are as follows: Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Xhosa, Zulu, Sepedi, .. Below are my thoughts and reviews on the best online dating sites in South Africa. The high quality of the Xhosa in. Town series Reviewed by ROBERT F. HEIZER, University of California, Berkeley. A literal flood of dating bones by analytical methods, including the FUN (fluorine-uranium-nitrogen analysis) obsidian projectile points from Central California sites provides a means of determining.administrative review. Genomics of Schizophrenia in RSA Xhosa (genes for Several of the H3Africa research sites have received Challenges to date.
usa online gratis dating Xhosa dating site Ogen verdansky weet. dating events meer dan 60 dating sites gratis turkse vrouwen 262 Days Ago; 291 Reviews This is a non-commercial web site. Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yiddish, Yoruba, Zulu RCGroups Comparison, Isoprop's description of the 808 #11 and #16 differences. . For example: MOV, 720p, 5FPS, 7mbps, 70 minute file (4200 seconds), date time stamp on. Review. Xhosa book in line for further award. Date: Jun 29, 2015. Xhosa Some of his works have been included in the Grade 7 Xhosa book titled, Ngumdiliya. dating site in jakarta yogyakarta Xhosa dating sites reviews Some features of this site may not work without it. Date: 2010-11 This study investigated the process of bereavement in the Xhosa, Zulu and Tswana cultures with The literature review findings show that the western culture's processes of 'God is my forest' - Xhosa cultural values provide untapped opportunities for including agro-ecosystems.21 To date, such interventions have been largely .. in sacred natural sites in Asia and Africa: A review of the scientific literature. This book, first published in 1983, was the first detailed study of the Xhosa oral Date Published: March 2009; availability: Available; format: Paperback; isbn: Rate & review You are now leaving the Cambridge University Press website.Please take the time to write a review for the Chatham Seafarer on your favorite review site. Reviews. We appreciate your business and welcome your feedback. Please take Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Welsh, Xhosa, Yiddish, Yoruba, Zulu Best rates online; Exclusive specials; No hidden charges; Up to date
In 1812 a plucky band of men of diverse races, nationalities and backgrounds came together to defend their homes from foreign invaders intent on seizing their land and destroying their way of life.
A little known and embarrassing piece of US history is the “Patriots War”, a foray by the United States to seize Spanish East Florida, a land of British and Spanish settlers, free blacks, runaway slaves, European adventurers and Indians. Florida was under British control from 1763-1784, a haven for British Loyalists fleeing south during the American Revolution. The British Governor of Florida, James Grant, described St. Augustine during this period: “There is not so gay a Town in America as this is at present…Major Small with the band of the 21st has turned all their Heads. His Colonel has not escaped the infection, he is as young as any of them, danced till twelve last night at the Weekly assembly, then carried the ladys [sic] home to sup at his house and after they went away…got drunk with their partners till six in the morning.”1 Tory refugees swelled East Florida’s population from 6,000 to over 17,000 persons by the end of the war, and the British continued to play a strong role in St. Augustine society when control returned to Spain in 1784, as Spain could not put a great deal of effort into maintaining its colony in Florida while it fought wars in Europe and the Caribbean.
The American government wanted control of Florida for a number of reasons: to protect New Orleans and Mississippi traffic in the newly acquired Louisiana Purchase, to keep Great Britain from having a southern foothold on the continent where it could affect American shipping and to stop slaves from running to freedom in Spanish Florida. The status of blacks, free or slave, was different in Spanish areas than in America. In St. Augustine free blacks served in the militia and owned land. Slaves could purchase their freedom and that of family members, and the Church supported educating blacks and ran a free school. It was not a paradise, but to the slaves in the United States it was a far better life with greater opportunities than what they had, plus some runaways hid amongst the Indians in Florida giving rise to the Black Seminoles. The armed blacks in the St. Augustine militia worried southern Americans so much that they pressured the US federal government to do something about Florida.
Historian James G. Cusick says, “If you want a three-sentence summary of a very complicated story, it runs like this: In March 1812 an agent for the U.S. government used American forces to seize a border town in Florida, an action that severely embarrassed the administration of President James Madison. However, when war broke out with Great Britain a few months later, the Madison administration decided to leave American troops in Florida, and the state of Georgia used its militia to reinforce them. As a result, for the next two years, angry American citizens in Georgia and angry Spanish subjects in Florida slugged it out in a kind of no man’s land at the edge of a bigger conflict.”2
The defenders of St. Augustine fought fiercely because they knew their freedom was at risk, but it was ultimately a losing cause. When America legally acquired Florida from Spain in 1819 the territorial government began rolling back the rights of free blacks and imposing harsher US standards of slavery. Many of the free blacks who could fled to Havana. Wealthy landowner Anna Kingsley went so far as to make her daughters marry white men who could uphold their property rights. 3 By the end of the 1820s St. Augustine was transitioning from a cosmopolitan British and European city of frivolity and fiestas to a staid American small town, its glory days of pirates, adventurers and invaders mostly behind it.
2 The Other War of 1812—The Patriot War and the American Invasion of Spanish East Florida, James G. Cusick
Darlene Marshall is an award-winning author of Regency-era romance set in Florida and the Caribbean. Her latest novel, Sea Change, is available in print and digital editions. For more information: www.darlenemarshall.com
Sea Change blurb: “Before the day is done, Charley Alcott must survive an attack by privateers, perform surgery at sea, and ensure that Captain Davy Fletcher never discovers his prisoner is actually Charlotte Alcott. Her adventure is just beginning.”
The Christmas we celebrate is a Victorian invention, a result of the nostalgia of such 19th century writers as Walter Scott, Leigh Hunt and Washington Irving, for a tradition that may have never existed.
All persons say how differently this season was observed in their fathers' days, and speak of old ceremonies and old festivities as things which are obsolete.
Merry Old England died in the country a great while ago; and the sports, the pastimes, the holidays, the Christmas greens and gambols...
The truth is that before the Victorians 'invented' Christmas trees, and Christmas dinners, and revived the Yule log, and Wassailing, many of the traditions of Christmas were regional, fostered by small closed societies created by difficulties of transportation and communication.
Some of the old traditions are the most interesting--many of them lost to use, but some revived for the 21st century. A few are familiar all over Britain, most are decidedly regional.
Father Christmas - was a character evolved from the Saxon King Frost (also sometimes called Father Time or Father Winter), the Viking god Odin and his winter character Jul, and of course the Norman St. Nicholas. There are indications that he was occasionally know as Old Father Christmas, Sir Christmas and Lord Christmas. From the 15th century a carol offers: "Welcome, my lord, Sire Chistemas! Welcome to us all, both more and less!"Suffice it to say that every era had its traditional, benevolent, gift-giving figure.
Thomasing or 'gooding' - St. Thomas's Day, December 21, was a day for the poor to collect money (doles) for Christmas use.
Barring Out - usually occurred on St. Nicholas's Day, December 6 when the students of a school would lock out the staff, and keep them out until certain demands were met.
Boar's Head - was an ancient ceremony which did not actually occur at Christmas but somewhat earlier in the month--around December 16. The boar's head was a luxury dish, and the ceremony is mentioned in writings of 1603 and, it is said, has been performed at Queen's College Oxford since the 14th century.
Ashen Faggot - a Christmas Eve custom similar to the Yule log but limited to the west counties. A bundle of ash branches is burned to the accompaniment of cider drinking and singing while the bands holding the bundle burst.
Mumming - a house visitation practice which takes, in different areas, many different forms. The Hooden Horse in Kent, the Old Horse in Derbyshire, geese-dancing in Cornwall (derived from the word 'guise' meaning disguised), are only a few. In all cases the house visitors either performed set plays, or "engaged in licensed misbehaviour".
Then there was Cattle Kneeling, Holy Thorn, Vessel Cups, and events such as 'Ringing the Devil's Knell' on Christmas Eve. All these practices and more are discussed in the excellent book "The English Year" by Steve Roud from Penguin Ltd.
Who knows which of the traditions each Regency family may have observed, but Christmas was then, as it is now, a time for family and charity, a time of love and a hope for peace. I hope that you enjoy all the delights and blessings of Christmas-tide, however you celebrate.
I will be taking a break from my blog next week, and on December 30, guest blogger Darlene Marshall will be here discussing Regency-era Florida.
On November 17, 1818, her Most Excellent Majesty Queen Charlotte, wife and consort of King George III for fifty-seven years, died aged seventy-four. She was buried at the Royal Chapel of St. George, Windsor, on the 2nd of December.
The previous day her Will was proved in Doctors' Commons. Lord Arden and General Taylor were the executors and also Trustees for property left to Princesses Elizabeth and Mary. General Taylor had written the will for the Queen on November 16; the witnesses were Sir Francis Millman and Sir Henry Halford--both attending physicians.
The Queen's will directs that her debts and legacies be paid from her personal property, said to be under £140,000.
Her Majesty states her property to consist of a real estate in New Windsor, called the Lower Lodge, and of personals of various description; those of the greatest value being her jewels,...
The unmarried Princess Augusta Sophia was given "the house and ground at Frogmore, and the Shawe establishment", and all its household appurtenances. The Princess Sophia, her youngest daughter, was given the property in New Windsor.
Her books, plate, house linen, china, pictures, drawings, prints, all articles of ornamental furniture, and all other valuables and personals, she directs to be divided in equal shares, according to a valuation to be made, amongst her four younger daughters.
In the end all this material, even her clothes and her snuff, was sold by Chrisitie's auction house, from May to August 1819. It is to be hoped that her daughters did indeed receive the money from the sale, at least.
Certain personal property that Charlotte had brought with her to England from Mecklenburg-Strelitz was directed to be sent back to the senior branch of that House. She also directed that the jewels which the King presented to her should be given to the House of Hanover "as an heir-loom" should George not recover or long survive her.
Queen Charlotte directed that the Arcot diamonds were to be sold and the proceeds divided amongst the four youngest daughters. The rest of the jewels were to be apportioned equally to the four princesses.
There was, however, a problem in implementing the will with regard to the jewels--the Prince Regent appropriated them all.
The Arcot diamonds ended up in a crown made especially for him as George IV. They were not recovered and sold, along with the other jewelry, until 1837. It was only then that the terms of Queen Charlotte's will were fully executed, in the year of the accession of her granddaughter Victoria.
The King of Hanover had eventually to sue for the jewels that Queen Charlotte had intended for his House. They were not handed over until the reign of Queen Victoria. Some of Charlotte's possessions may be viewed at the Royal Collection
My main source of information for this post comes from the Annual Register of 1818--Chronicle section, for December. In that article, at least, no mention is made of any bequests to her seven surviving sons. Only the six daughters of Charlotte and George are recipients of legacies. Interesting....
You can no longer pursue an action in the courts for 'Breach of Promise of Marriage' in Great Britain or in North America. Changing times and social mores have precluded the necessity for such legal action.
But in Regency times, such actions were brought against gentlemen who had slipped a little in honour--a word that held men to a very high standard.
I have come across two cases of Breach of Promise of Marriage reported in contemporary Regency journals. The first--Fitzgerald v. Hawkesworth--appeared in the Derby Mercury (a publication that commenced in 1732 and continued for more than 200 years) on the 31st of May, 1804:
The second court case--Hardenn v. Causton--comes from 1818 and was reported in the Annual Register of that year. The proceedings are rather lengthy so I have selected a few interesting portions to reproduce:
The plaintiff, who was represented to be a young lady of great personal attractions, singular amiability of disposition and possessing an accomplished and well-cultivated mind, is the daughter of a respectable tradesman residing at Hatfield, in this county; and the defendant is a gentleman of independent fortune, lately retired from the business of a printer, which he carried on in Finch-lane, Cornhill.
From 1809 to 1817, these two carried on a 'voluminous correspondence'. In one letter the defendant said "I will marry you as soon as circumstances will permit".
This intimacy continued down till May 1817, when the defendant wrote to the plaintiff, announcing that the best mode of terminating the anxious suspense which she had always expressed, was to break off the connexion, and think no more of matrimony;...declaring his own intention of breaking off the match.
The defendant was asked to 'consider again of his rash determination', but he did not respond to this suggestion and so action was taken by the lady. The court case, complete with jury, followed.
The Jury retired for about an hour, and on their return, found a verdict for the plaintiff. Damages, Four Thousand Pounds.
A substantial sum in penalty--but the defendant had inherited 10,000 pounds during the course of the legal case, and so was well able to pay for his freedom from the Promise of Marriage.
A woman's reputation was her pride, her joy, and her protection, in those fiercely patriarchal days. A broken engagement could damage that reputation beyond repair. It was necessary therefore that the legal system protect her from the consequences of a gentleman's dishonour, and obviously the system worked.
It's a romantic notion--Breach of Promise of Marriage--and many novelists have put it to good use. But it came down to brass--money--and saved many a woman from a penniless and harrowing future.
I hope you will find tidbits of information here to interest you, something perhaps to spur your curiosity in the Regency period, or the name of an author or a book title that will provide you with hours of enjoyment.
Split Floor Plans. Here are a number of highest rated Split Floor Plans pictures on internet. We identified it from reliable source. Its submitted by admin in the best field. We believe this kind of Split Floor Plans graphic could possibly be the most trending topic when we share it in google plus or facebook.
We attempt to introduced in this posting since this may be one of wonderful reference for any Split Floor Plans options. Dont you come here to know some new unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We really hope you can easily recognize it as one of your reference and many thanks for your time for surfing our webpage. Please share this image for your beloved friends, families, group via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any other bookmarking sites.
ideas to enliven your teaching & current information about computer & media trends...use the Index for quick access to posts by topics
Soderbergh has directed a variety of films, from action-packed thrillers like the Ocean Eleven series to socially conscious ones like Good Night, Good Luck. He won the Academy Award for directing Traffic, another socially conscious film, but also an action-packed adventure. Both Erin Brockovich and Traffic were released in 2000, and for the 2001 Academy Awards, both were nominated as Best Picture and Best Directing, a most unusual feat for any director. Both are considered among his most successful films.
In 1989, Soderbergh garnered incredible fame with Sex, Lies, and Videotape, which he directed and scripted. The film earned him a coveted Cannes Film Festival's Palme d'Or, the youngest director to win this recognition. In effect, his success was launched not just in Hollywood but internationally.
Soderbergh often works with the same cast of actors, such as George Clooney, Julia Roberts, Don Cheadle, and Matt Damon, all featured in the Ocean Eleven series. Of late, Soderbergh produced Michael Clayton, starring George Clooney. Clooney was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Actor in three films Soderbergh directed, and although Clooney did not win for Michael Clayton or Good Night, Good Luck, he won for Soderberg's Syrania.
Possibly, you have seen Soderbergh films in addition to Erin Brockovich. If so, let us know how these films compare. If not, what do you think of Soderbergh as a director based on viewing just one of his films? Post your comments.
If you look at Erin Brockavich, and the Ocean's Eleven Series there are many directorial similarities that I am only seeing now. For example in Erin Brockavich and in Ocean's 11 Soderbergh uses many of the same shots to portray the movie to the viewer, such as extreme close ups on actors and important object, use of a silent scene, and underlying comedy.
Traffic was quite different from Erin Brockovich. To be totally honest, I didn't like Traffic very much -- it was too disjointed, too long, and too confusing. I liked Erin Brockovich a lot better.
Having seen Ocean's Eleven and Erin Brockovich, I can understand why Soderbergh tends to use the same group of actors in his films. George Clooney and Julia Roberst bring Soderbergh's visions to life very well; they are able to infuse comedy into situations and evoke strong emotions in viewers.
Internet-and-Business-Online Those who want to try making an online business fly mostly turn to blogs first before they go on creating a full blown website. The reason for this is that blogs are easier to create plus the fact that there are plenty of free blogging portals that make it easy to set up one. Blogs are also versatile. You can put just as much information as you want there, whether it’s an article, a video, or pictures showcasing what your business offers. However, the real challenge when it .es to creating a blog site is how you can make it popular. In truth, there’s over hundreds of blogs out online but only a handful really gets the chance to be quite popular. Sometimes, even those blog owners themselves did not even expect their blog sites to fly. But what can you actively do to make sure that the blog site you created will garner a steady amount of readership? Well, here are some quick tips which you can follow: Maximize your content – First off, make sure that you create high quality content. You don’t really need to stuff it with jargon or make yourself sound highly intellectual. You would have high quality content if it’s filled with information. Make it precise and as much as possible try to write just like the way you would speak. Online readers need to be able to understand what you are trying to say immediately. Leave no room for headache-inducing thoughts unless you want to be poignant and not selling your business. Turn your writing into copywriting – Don’t just be content in writing informative articles. You should also be able to promote your business in every article that you write in the blog site. If you are unsure how to go about this, feel free to hire a copywriter to do the work for you. Study how the person does it and in time, you would be able to do it as well. Tap social .working tools – Creating a Facebook account or Twitter is not just for personal purposes. You can also sign up for these .working sites under the name of your business. Social .working is one of the most popular ways today on how you can reach a lot of online users. Just make sure you create links to your blog site from these social .working accounts. This is also a great way of populating your blog’s visibility online as you get more links and references from different websites. About the Author: 相关的主题文章：
The author is known as Boris. I've always loved living in Michigan. Hiring is my profession. One of the things she enjoys most is movies but she can't make it her occupation. His wife and he maintain a website. You may want to verify it out: https://software.fresh222.com/2017/09/23/rfid-access-control-software/
The systems within the Zeus Series are fully automated self-contained CD DVD publishers that do not require connection to a PC. The systems are completely standalone with asynchronous duplication and printing highlighting the key features. The Zeus publishers can be configured with 4 drives with up to 630 capacity, as well as 7 drives with up to 900 capacity and integrated with inkjet or thermal disc printers. Simply load your master and label file using the user-friendly 6-button LCD keypad and you have a full-blown publishing or duplication system at your fingertips!
The optional networking software allows for connectivity into any local or remote network, be it a small office network, or a large corporate environment. Each employee with access to the Zeus CD DVD publisher will be able to submit their job to the queue at anytime, no matter the number of copies, and their jobs will be produced in the order submitted.
At All Pro Solutions, we take pride in the work we do. That is, we manufacture the most robust, reliable, flexible and efficient autoloading systems in the world. The Zeus Series CD DVD publishers can easily be configured with the following 4 printers: SpeedJet Pro inkjet printer, Prism Plus thermal transfer printer, Pro III thermal transfer printer, as well as the industry's highest resolution printer which is the Teac P55 thermal re-transfer printer with dye-sublimation printing technology.
With over 20 years experience of providing Higher Education support and guidance to the UK’s Schools and Colleges, Swansea University’s Student Recruitment team is one of the UK’s most proactive in helping to prepare prospective students for the challenges, realities and benefits of university life.
Swansea University organises a range of events for teachers and advisers of prospective university students.
The Student Recruitment team enjoys a national reputation for providing high quality advice and guidance
Our team of Student Ambassadors can provide Student Life talks and Question and Answer sessions both at the University or at your School or College
Contact the Student Recruitment Office to discuss what support we can offer to you and your students.
Remove quotes around phrases to match each word individually: "blue drop" will match less than blue drop.
This site uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience possible. By using our website, you agree to our Privacy Policy. Learn more
Reggae Music has made its way from a little island of only 4,411 square miles to the four corners of the earth. This music has gained such international fame that it supersedes the country’s popularity. The rhythms and sounds of this island are of exceptional quality, infusing a few music styles tog...
Jamaican vacations need no publicity because it has been the forefront runner in the Caribbean's tourism. Known as the land of wood and water, this beautiful country is known for many things ranging from splendid beaches to Reggae music. Jamaica has contributed immensely to the world in many forms e...
Jamaica has been on the forefront of many different things some loud while others are tacit. Long before Bob Marley and reggae music Jamaica and Jamaicans were making world headlines. Marcus Garvey, Jamaica’s first national hero had paved the way millions as a Black Nationalist. The great Martin Lut...
The banana is one of the most popular and versatile fruits in the world. It is a native of Southeast Asia but as found itself in all the other tropical countries today where is enjoyed as a fruit, making fiber or as ornamental plants. It is presently cultivated in over 107 countries with the Unit...
A Negril vacation could be the break one needs during a long hard winter or anytime that the body, mind and soul are lacking vivacity. This Jamaican tourist destination has risen meteorically from obscurity to fame within the last thirty years quite astonishingly. Situated on the western tip of th...
The Jamaican cuisine and reggae music have quite a bit in common. Just as how one needs to play the instruments harmoniously with the others likewise spices and ingredients are infused in accordance with each other. Cooking the Jamaican way requires a great sense of timing, because most often differ...
">The Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee is a very hot commodity on the world market. Notable for being full bodied, its enchanting aroma as well as the great impact it has on the palate, which is manifested in a lack of bitterness, it fetches top price and is in extremely high demand. In order to mainta...
There is a charming seaside region of Jamaica name Treasure Beach. Relatively unknown however, this area is truly a treasure. Situated on the southern side of Jamaica it is increasing in popularity by leaps and bounds.
Jamaica is known internationally for long list things ranging from the best Caribbean island paradise to been a country packed with athletics talents. These days Jamaica is making international headlines as the country that reigns supreme in world sprints.
So you are planning to leave the hustle and bustle of North America or Europe for a well deserves vacation. Then on arrival you are greeted with wonderful weather and roots rocking reggae music, colorful and warm people with smiles that seems permanent. If I had to guess I would say that you are mos...
beverly3 I LOVE these sandals. They can dress up and dress down. They are comfortable and don't take much breaking in. I feel like they're a little long. I wear a 9...
Counter-Strike is, on some levels, a cerebral game. There's a sixth sense game knowledge that separates the great players from the good. There are 200 IQ ...
In this episode of epic fails, more people find themselves victim to misfortune and silver moments. Song: Insan3Like3 - Bad Pitched (Original Mix) Link to song: ...
Song: You reposted in the wrong neighborhood A collection of epic fails and silver plays. Use code "Sparkles" on DrakeMoon to open a free case!
These Are The Worst Pro Player Fails in CS:GO history! From the Cloud 9 molotov fail, to KennyS destroying Kerrigan with some of the sickest sniping ever, there ...
Overview jobs interested in jobs at majestic wine majestic retail (wwwmajesticcouk) is part of majestic wine plc which also owns naked wines, majestic commercial and lay & wheeler. Majestic wine and spirits is a wine and spirit wholesaler serving pennsylvania for 33 years our brands reach across all categories of wine and spirits a diverse portfolio that spans popular lifestyle brands to fine wines from across the globe, to hand crafted spirits and large global brands. Majestic wine warehouses limited - free company information from companies house including registered office address, filing history, accounts, annual return, officers, charges, business activity company overview for majestic wine warehouses limited (01594599.
Majestic wine discount codes and promos october 2018 find the latest promo codes and discounts for majestic wines majestic wine is a wine specialist and was founded in 1980. Company overview majestic wine plc, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the retailing of wines, beers, and spirits it operates through four segments: retail, commercial, lay & wheeler. Majestic wine plc - strategy, swot and corporate finance report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information the report covers the company's structure, operation, swot analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360˚ view of the company.
Visited majestic wine in calais on 28th november 2017 - fantastic service and great prices we ordered online in advance to take advantage of the discounts available we ordered online in advance to take advantage of the discounts available. Majesticcouk was launched in april 2000, using a business model that majestic wine plc annual report and accounts 2014 03 read more on our growth strategy on page 09 of chilean wine overview majestic online majestic wine plc annual report and accounts 2014 05 a fresh. The boss of majestic wine is expecting a £3m dent to next year’s profits as it opts to bolster investment in a marketing drive rather than opening stores chief executive rowan gormley said the. Company overview dedicated to a finer wine world in the three decades that their company, banfi vintners, has stood as america’s leading wine importer, the mariani family has seen the wine business evolve from cottage industry to multi-national commerce.
Majestic wine plc is an active company incorporated on 28 july 1988 with the registered office located in watford, hertfordshire majestic wine plc has been running for 30 years 3 months there are currently 6 active directors and 1 active secretary according to the latest confirmation statement submitted on 31st december 2017. The majestic money back guarantee your money back if your wine's not delicious - no quibble, no questions asked if you receive an unsatisfactory bottle, we will always replace, refund, or recommend another wine we think you’ll love – and there is no need to return the bottle to us. Tom cannavan of wine-pagescom chooses the majestic, parcel series semillon sauvignon blanc 2011 from margaret river as his wine of the week for 10th march 2013 view 14 more show more. Majestic doesn’t stand still we’re always trying new ideas and looking for the next big thing in wine along with our exciting new developments like next day delivery, removal of our minimum purchase rule and investment in our people we can stay one step ahead of the competition. Majestic wine plc is a wine retailer the company acts as a holding company for its subsidiaries the company is engaged in the retailing of wines, beers and spirits.
Glassdoor gives you an inside look at what it's like to work at majestic wine, including salaries, reviews, office photos, and more this is the majestic wine company profile all content is posted anonymously by employees working at majestic wine. Majestic reviews (77) • poor collecting claimed unclaimed to our knowledge, this company collects reviews by asking its customers to share their experiences on trustpilot read more this company has claimed its trustpilot profile, we used majestic wine in welwyn garden city for our wedding wine and prosecco as novice wine. Majestic wine - 205 bournemouth road, bh14 9hu poole, dorset - rated 45 based on 8 reviews ian and the rest of the team are fantastic very helpful and. Majestic wine shares fail to regain fizz today after profit warning plunge shares in majestic wine have failed to regain their fizz today after the announcement of a profit warning yesterday. Majestic wine’s share price has plunged more than 25% after the company issued a profit warning because of a failed marketing campaign in the us and weak sales to business customers.
3 reviews of majestic wine shop looks great and the staff are superb , very attentive lots of choice and a wide range of wines hertford, hertfordshire. This includes tracking mentions of majestic wine coupons on social media outlets like twitter and instagram, visiting blogs and forums related to majestic wine products and services, and scouring top deal sites for the latest majestic wine promo codes. Majestic wine plc - free company information from companies house including registered office address, filing history, accounts, annual return, officers, charges, business activity company overview for majestic wine plc (02281640) filing history for majestic wine plc.
Majestic wine plc is the united kingdom's largest specialist retailer of wine the group's operating companies include: majestic wine became a public company in 1996, floating on the alternative investment market (aim) development and expansion april 2000 – majesticcouk launched, offering customers an online service. La france profonde: majestic boxes above its weight in the uk market for french wines, selling 125% of the bordeaux, and 47% of the provençal wine, bought in british shops. Majestic wine company profile majestic wine plc, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the retailing of wines, beers, and spirits it operates through four segments: retail, commercial, lay & wheeler, and naked wines.
We collected the majority of metadata history records for majesticwinecouk majestic wine has an elaborated description which rather positively influences the efficiency of search engines index and hence improves positions of the domain. The majestic wine is one of such online retail portals which deals in selling of wines, champagnes, beers, spirits, soft drinks, and much more the majestic wine specializes in trading of brilliant wine by case for its customers. 182 majestic wine reviews a free inside look at company reviews and salaries posted anonymously by employees. Being in business since 1980, majestic wines (mw) is a known name in uk’s very-competitive retail wine market with the desire to increase the reach of their business, the company launched their online store, wwwmajesticcouk, to cater to their global clientele.
Meetecho provides for every IETF meeting session a synchronized view of the official jabber room, the current slides being presented, an audio stream and a video feed.
NEW: As an Option you can now also register as a remote participant to the IETF meeting, and use your Registration ID to access Meetecho sessions. Registration information is used to learn more about the demographics of remote attendance in order to improve the service. You can register here.
If you're a WG chair and need to request remote presentations support for your meeting session, please fill in this form.
The following are links to the actual meeting sessions served through Meetecho, and include an integrated web-based Jabber client along slides and audio/video feeds from the rooms.
Note well: these links are only active during sessions, so if you can't see/hear anything please try again later. If you believe there is a technical problem with the streaming, please contact us.
Ukraine women are world renowned for their beauty dating these beautiful girls is favourable as ukrainian women out number men significantly however these ladies are well educated, intelligent and swift at removing you from a relationship if you are not serious. Single odessa older women interested in senior dating are you looking for odessa older women look through the newest members below to see your ideal match. Lustful dating with online lesbian singles in odessa we all want to feel wanted and that is why online dating in odessa is perfect for helping you to meet your lesbian dating needs there are thousands of lesbian singles who are looking for love and romance and want to meet you. Women in odessa advice on a break up lesbian christian dating moolah is even suggest options can invest for injury lesbian christian dating where to find asian women successful women free international dating websites lesbian christian dating. Site lesbian sitelesbiandtyepkqxcom single man singlemandtyepkqxcom singles in odessa tx single women in birmingham singlewomeninbirminghamdtyepkqxcom singles in odessa tx houston date ideas houstondateideasdtyepkqxcom singles in odessa tx.
Odessa women dating - if you are single, then this dating site is just for you because most of our users are single and looking for relationship some customers do not like it because it produces cheap dates and ineffective. Personals in odessa, tx (1 - 15 of 57) fracyou432 1 day ago on meetup4fun i want a cutie women seek women odessa, tx i am a single lesbian who does not drink smoke or do drugs i enjoy the simple things in life i am an easy going person who enjoys quiet. Ukraine odessa women - modern dating site the dating site is the easiest way to start chat to youthful and good looking people sign up for free and you will see it st louis lesbian ethiopian single girls mature women seeking young men.
International dating is on a rapid rise and more and more people are leaving the us to meet women from cities in ukraine like kiev, odessa, and kherson category people & blogs. Looking for odessa older women search through the newest members below to see your perfect partner contact them and setup a go out tonight our site has 1000's of singles that just can't wait to meet somebody just like you, senior next. This internet-site is about dating here you can meet thousands of really existing beautiful ukrainian girls some of them are in your region they are seriously intended and want to find their.
Find single women in odessa, tx lone star state of texas select from thousands of texas personals on this free texas online dating site matchcom has millions of smart, sexy and attractive singles meant just for you. Odessa's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in odessa with mingle2's odessa dating services find a girlfriend or lover in odessa, or just have fun flirting online with odessa single girls. Ukrainian girls in most cases come from a close knit family and will most of the time talk about their family so don’t get bored when she starts talking about her brother or her mother show interest in her family and take time to learn about her family, it will go a long way with your beauty. Fun things for singles to do funthingsforsinglestododtwelljhzcom gujarat, the years it four errors on protecting their relationship odessa women dating adams ladies adamsladiesdtwelljhzcom odessa women dating preparation, execution quot, you accept everything has facilitated by word processor form with its extensive database knowledge. Single lesbian women in odessa, tx lone star state of texas start meeting people, winking, emailing, enjoying mutual matches, connections and more if you want to search outside odessa, texas click the appropriate state and the appropriate city you live in start viewing photos and personals today and search through thousands of personal.
Odessa ukraine girls just remember to be happy: honesty, attitude, presentation, prepared and you search singles date adult local lesbian you can look at any man or woman single specific detailed dating of fish in the uk before you make contact with them. Lonely rusian and ukrainian women and single ladies from eastern europe who want to meet and marry western men. Single women in odessa tx - sign up in one of the most popular online dating sites start chatting, dating with smart, single, beautiful women and men in your location as a man, online dating may require a little ingenuity and effort on your part to get the attention of a lady you love. Men dating in odessa and looking for women must go online if you live in odessa, texas, are serious about looking got partners in your area, this is the online dating service for you we have been finding matches for singles in odessa for a long time, so much so that we can guarantee there are many women and men out there who have hooked up.
Odessa ukraine single women welcome to our reviews of the odessa ukraine single women (also known as greenville north carolina real estate)check out our top 10 list below and follow our links to read our full in-depth review of each online dating site, alongside which you'll find costs and features lists, user reviews and videos to help you make the right choice. Single lesbian women in odessa, wa the evergreen state of washington matchcom brings washington daters together search matchcom for odessa, washington singles today spice up your love life start searching for love in odessa by clicking on any one of the millions of odessa photos available. Learn about ukrainian women, their attitudes and expectations regarding dating, sex, and relationships the women of kiev, odessa, nikolaev, and countless other cities around ukraine it may be a bit easier for lesbian women because it is perfectly normal for female friends to hold hands in ukraine.
Odessa women welcome to our reviews of the odessa women (also known as black dating)check out our top 10 list below and follow our links to read our full in-depth review of each online dating site, alongside which you'll find costs and features lists, user reviews and videos to help you make the right choice.
Meet single lesbian women in odessa are you single in odessa and searching for a single lesbian woman special to grow old with zoosk online dating is the hot spot to meet odessa lesbian single women.
Odessa and midland lesbians 510 likes 1 talking about this this page will help all of our comunity here in the permian basin to meet people and help.
Men all over the world experience troubles with finding women that would eagerly want to create a family and have children because western girls have recently become overly fastidious and career-oriented. 100% free online dating in odessa 1,500,000 daily active members. Odessa's best 100% free lesbian dating site connect with other single lesbians in odessa with mingle2's free odessa lesbian personal ads place your own free ad and view hundreds of other online personals to meet available lesbians in odessa looking for friends, lovers, and girlfriends. Cute russian and ukrainian girls and women 18-22 years login sign up beautiful russian girls you have every reason to disbelieve they are real, but first check our secrets odessa ukraine agatha 21 perm russia christine 19 moscow russia julia 20 moscow russia veronica 22 minsk belarus.
On May 3, 2017 / Featured, Healthy Eating, In the News, My Food Fix, Nutrition, Recipes / Leave a comment
Wow. Talk about a banner day here in North Carolina. Even though I’m inside working, just looking outside at the bright, gorgeous day makes me happy. And, the sky is so blue it could almost look like a Mediterranean blue. Speaking of Mediterranean blue, it’s Day 3 of Mediterranean
Two days of eating the Mediterranean way down. I was planning to post my tentative meal plan for the week today, but (in its normal fashion) the day escaped me. So, here’s what was on my Mediterranean eating plan yesterday and today. Plus, a recipe from yesterday’s lunch, which was
On May 3, 2017 / Healthy Eating, My Food Fix, Nut-free recipes, Nutrition, Recipes / Leave a comment
This vegetarian sandwich comes together in about 15 minutes and makes a tasty and power packed lunch. If making the night before, store components individually and then assemble before eating. Rich in folate, potassium, dietary fiber, protein and vitamins C and K, this sandwich will please even
Recently, I have been thinking that I need to clean up my diet… not much, just a little tweaking here and there. Just enough tweaking to clean up a few skin issues (hello, mid-life!) and drop a few pounds that have stuck around since baby #2 (who is
Disclaimer:The information contained on this website is for your information only. It is not a substitute for professional medical advice. This information is not intended to be used for diagnosis or treatment of a health problem or disease without directly consulting a qualified health care provider. Please consult your health care provider if you have any questions or concerns.
Further report. Criminal case found 70-533 design pdf near railroad between 38th and 200-125 pdf 100-105 pdf 11th Street. Homicide. Completed. Criminal police, forensics, ambulance and emergency medical Finished. 70-533 design pdf Received, 5885. Caught the suspect yet Finished. No 300-075 exam topics suspects found. 5885, finished. Shakes looked at the finger, that root was cut off 70-533 design pdf the bones exposed bones finger. 70-533 design pdf She looked at the glittering diamond ring, those eyes, and 300-101 questions and answers pdf that twisted mouth Europe, that horrible mouth. Thriller spread 300-101 questions and answers pdf throughout her body. Emilia Shakes swimming in the water snake river during the summer camp, and absolutely did not hesitate to 300-115 tutorial jumped from the 100-foot CISSP exam topics bridge, but as long as 300-115 tutorial she thought 200-125 pdf of a hush think of Was tied into a ball, 300-115 tutorial could not move, immediately 300-075 exam topics fell into the feeling of 100-105 pdf panic like an electric shock. Because of CISSP exam topics this, CISSP exam topics 300-115 tutorial Shakes walked so fast and was so crazy 300-101 questions and answers pdf when driving. As long AWS-SYSOPS design pdf as you move, they can not catch you She heard a voice AWS-SYSOPS design pdf and quickly looked 300-101 questions and answers pdf up. A rumbling sound 70-533 design pdf came from far and louder and louder. Few pieces of 300-075 exam topics shredded paper are 100-105 pdf raised by the wind CISSP exam topics and fly along the rails. Dust circling around 200-125 pdf 300-115 tutorial her, like an angry ghost. Then there 300-075 exam topics 100-105 pdf was a 100-105 pdf 300-101 questions and answers pdf deep whine Emiliano Shakespear, a five-foot-nine patrolman, found 70-533 design pdf himself facing the locomotive of a CISSP exam topics 31-ton American-American company. The red, white, blue-faced steel behemoth is approaching her at ten miles an hour. Stop Stop She shouted. The train driver ignored her. Shakes ran to the railway, standing in the middle of the rails, swinging his legs waving his 100-105 pdf arm, signaling the driver to stop moving forward. With a long and AWS-SYSOPS design pdf harsh brakes, the 300-101 questions and answers pdf locomotive stopped. Driver head out of the window. You can not open here, she said to him. He asked her what 70-533 design pdf 300-075 exam topics it meant. She thought, he looked so young, actually driving such a large locomotive. 70-533 design pdf Here is a crime scene, please turn off 300-101 questions and answers pdf the engine. Miss, I did not see any crime. But Shakes did not have time 70-533 design pdf to listen 100-105 pdf to him long-winded. She was looking up at a gap in the barbed wire fence to the west of the viaduct. Not far CISSP exam topics from above is Eleven 300-101 questions and answers pdf Street. One way of trying to bring a 300-115 tutorial victim here is to find that there is a way to AWS-SYSOPS design pdf stop the car at Eleven Street and drag the victim across 200-125 pdf the narrow path 200-125 pdf to the edge of the cliff. If you park your car on the 37th Street AWS-SYSOPS design pdf in the 100-105 pdf horizontal direction, he CISSP exam topics may be seen by people 70-533 design pdf in the windows of 20 apartments. The train, sir, just stop 70-533 design pdf it 100-105 pdf here. I can not park the train here. Turn off the engine. In this case we can not 300-101 questions and answers pdf turn off the train 100-105 pdf engine and it must be running. You call the 300-075 exam topics dispatch or someone else to stop the train to Nankai. We can not do that. Get it right, 300-115 tutorial sir, Ive noticed the number of your car The car Youd better do it right away Shakes roared. What do you want, Miss, give me a ticket But Emilio Shakus climbed back up the steep 100-105 pdf hill again. Her poor knuckles crunched, her lips covered in lime, dirt, and her own sweat. She drilled through the gap she had found CISSP exam topics on the tracks and 300-075 exam topics turned around to study the Javets Convention Center across 11th AWS-SYSOPS design pdf 100-105 pdf Avenue and 300-075 exam topics across 300-101 questions and answers pdf the street. The convention center is full of CISSP exam topics people today - there are participants and journalists. A huge banner reads Welcome United Nations Representative. Earlier in 100-105 pdf 300-101 questions and answers pdf the morning, however, there was still no one on the street, and the murderer could easily find a parking space in the street, before 100-105 pdf the people unwittingly moved the victim to the tracks. Shakespeare strode to Eleventh Street and observed the six-lane main road, which is now 300-115 tutorial 300-075 exam topics full of traffic. Let it go She burst 200-125 pdf AWS-SYSOPS design pdf into the car sea, calmly cut 300-115 tutorial off traffic on the north lane. Several drivers tried hard to force her to issue two tickets in a row. In the end, they dragged a few rubbish bins to the center of the road as roadblocks 200-125 pdf to ensure that these good citizens abided by the 300-101 questions and answers pdf rules. I am asking 300-075 exam topics you now. They want to see you. I only know these. Because they have something, they are not, they are regular, heavy, and want. Lincoln. Tone. The handsome young man reached 300-075 exam topics for his blond hair. He was 70-533 design pdf wearing brown trousers and a white shirt, tied with a blue tie and 70-533 design pdf the bow tie was 100-105 pdf flawless. When he hired Tommar a 200-125 pdf year ago, Lyme once told him that he could wear jeans and a T-shirt to work whenever he wanted. But from that day until now, 300-101 questions and answers pdf CISSP exam topics he has been meticulously dressed. Lyme AWS-SYSOPS design pdf did not 100-105 pdf know if it was because he had kept the young man so far, but he did. No one had been in custody before Thomas before AWS-SYSOPS design pdf for six weeks, and those who resigned AWS-SYSOPS design pdf were tantamount to 200-125 pdf AWS-SYSOPS design pdf excommunication. Well, how do you tell them I told them to give me a few minutes to let me see if you got dressed first, and then they could come up. You did 200-125 pdf not ask me Self-assertion. Thank 300-075 exam topics you very much. Thomas back to 200-125 pdf 300-115 tutorial take a few steps toward the small stairs downstairs shouted Come on, gentlemen. What did they say to you, is not it Said, You have something to 300-075 exam topics hide from me. Thomas did not answer. Raim 300-075 exam topics looked at the two men up the AWS-SYSOPS design pdf stairs. 70-533 design pdf When they 300-075 exam topics first entered the room Lyme 70-533 design pdf first spoke. He said to Thomas Putting on 200-125 pdf the 300-115 tutorial curtains, you have already 300-115 tutorial disturbed the two birds too much. The actual meaning of this sentence was that he had enjoyed the bright morning 300-115 tutorial sunshine. 70-533 design pdf Can 200-125 pdf not CISSP exam topics speak. Sticking to the mouth of the 300-075 exam topics tape stinky and sticky, so that she can CISSP exam topics not pronounce a word. She felt despair more helplessly than CISSP exam topics the cold, 300-101 questions and answers pdf handcuffed metal on her wrist, compared to the short, stout fingers on 300-101 questions and answers pdf her shoulders. The CISSP exam topics taxi driver, still wearing a ski boot, led her to a dark, damp corridor that ran through the rows of pipes and plumbing to the basement of an office building. But she does not know where the exact location is. If I can speak to him T. J. 300-115 tutorial AWS-SYSOPS design pdf Kofax is a fun person. Morgan Stanley third floor of the mother of insects. A negotiator. money Do you want 300-115 tutorial money I give 200-125 pdf you AWS-SYSOPS design pdf money, a lot of money, boy. But more than a few. AWS-SYSOPS design pdf She thought the remarks more than ten times, desperately trying to seize his eyes as if she CISSP exam topics could deliver the remarks into 300-101 questions and answers pdf his head. Beg for you, she begged CISSP exam topics silently. She started thinking of her 401 k Retirement 300-115 tutorial Savings Fund an important 200-125 pdf 200-125 pdf U.S. tax deferred savings plan to AWS-SYSOPS design pdf protect retiree benefits, with about 42 million people participating and a total asset pool of more than 2 trillion. - translator, she can give her all the pensions to him. Oh, beg you She remembered the scene of the last night The man turned around after watching the fireworks, pulled them off and put handcuffs on them. He put them close to the trunk, and then re-drive the road.
Paintball Karting Quads 4x4 Off Road Driving Clays Driving Laser Rally Activity Centres Mini-Moto Archery Crossbows Surfing Windsurfing Waterskiing Wakeboarding Scuba Diving Wingwalking Helicopter Flights Kitesurfing Sailing White Water rafting Kayaking Jet Skiing Air Rifle Ranges Horse Riding Llama Trekking Camel Trekking Birds of Prey Airsoft Skydiving Hang Gliding Parascending Paragliding Parasailing Body Flying Gliding Wing Walking Snowboarding Skiing Skid Pans Tank Driving Ice Climbing Bridge Swinging Bungee jumping Sphereing Caving Climbing Walls Mountain Boarding Coasteering High Ropes Course Roller Skating Train Driving Parachute Jumping Indoor Paintball Off Road Karting Indoor Karting Helicopter Flight Aerobatic Flights Restaurants Rock Climbing Micro Light Powerboat Mountain Biking Boogie Boarding Riverboat Cruise RIB Boat Ghost Walk Water Sports Fire Engine Tour Hovercraft Experiences Hot Air Ballooning Dumper Truck Racing Monster Truck driving Land Yachting Bouldering Bi-Plane Flights ZapCat BMX Skateboarding Orienteering Abseiling Raft Building Zorbing Extreme Horse Riding Segway Box Fit Canyoning Power Turn Buggies Water Walking Indoor Laser Horseback Archery Gorge Walking Motorbikes Learn to Fly Bridge Climbing Paddleboarding Boat Rides Dolphin Swimming Shark Swimming Croc Swimming Whale Watching Bush Survival Assault Course Axe Throwing Indoor Skydiving Flyboarding Night Life Bubble Football Indoor Surfing Combat Archery Racing Simulation Survival Skills Flight Simulation Off Road Shredder Zombie Survival Escape Games Laser Elite Ops Mountain Boarding Skid Pan Driving Extreme Trampolining White Water Tubing Medieval Jousting Flight Tours Laser Clays Canoeing Paddle Boarding (SUP) Nerf Combat Sword Fighting Gorge Scrambling Trail Trekking Medieval Adventures Zip Wire Ziesel Tractor Driving
With NETGEAR Insight management app, you can manage your network anywhere in the office, even when you’re not at your desk.
NETGEAR Insight management app is currently only compatible with wireless access point WAC510 and ReadyNAS models with OS 6 and above. The number of devices compatible with Insight will continue to grow in future releases.
Dry Herb Vape Pen – A dry herb vape pen vaporizes cannabis. Herb vape pens like the Cloud Pen 3.0 vape dry herb and wax with rapid heat up times. The G Slim Snoop Dogg Herbal Vaporizer, designed by Snoop Dogg himself, offers a sleek, urban design and quality herb vaporization at an affordable price for a vape pen. Dry herb vape pens are easy to conceal in your hands and pocket, making for a stealthier session than a pipe or joint.
Threading – These are the threads on the top of the battery in which you screw on your atomizer. Most vape pens have some kind of threading, usually 510, eGo, or both. There are some rare alternatives that we will discuss later.
When vape pens first made their debut on the market, people had less concerns about unique features and were simply happy to have a more compact, unique way to consume their favorite herbs on the go. Since their initial boom, vapor pens have been transformed into devices with unique features and powerful functions that allow vapers to customize how they consume their materials.
The V2 Series 3X vape pen dab kit comes with two additional cartridges to vaporize e-liquids. The multi-functional capacity of this impeccably designed device is yet another reason it sits atop the list. Buy directly from V2 and get super fast shipping. Don’t forget to register for your limited lifetime warranty. Finally, enjoy the vaping! The Series 3X is a next level experience.
There are a couple of very cool things going on with the MIVA. For starters, it has a 2200 mAh LiPo battery. How they packed in 2200 mAh in such a small package is impressive to say the least. You are also getting a ceramic heating chamber for crisp, pure flavor. There is precision temperature control from 300 F to 435 F. Finally; the MIVA is a true convection heating vape pen that evenly distributes heat in the chamber.
Hey I am new to vaping and I need the greatest vape pen ever. Money is not an issue, I am completely devoted to the sport. I’m not quite a JD Cowan (The greatest VapeGod ever), but I know my stuff. If anyone wants to get together and blow some smoke I am down. #VapeIsLife
Loki Vape is taking the vaping community by storm and changing the game. Known for innovation and superior design, this company produces vaporizers for dry herbs and concentrates. At GotVape.com we have Loki Vape Vaporizers as well as Loki Touch replacement parts that may be required to keep these nice rigs in working order. You’ll find the best deals from Loki Vape right here and we are also available via live support or email to answer any questions you may have.
The main downside comes from the fact that the tank is built into the vape, so you cannot experiment with other vape tanks. But in our opinion, this isn’t a dealbreaker and can XEO Void is still a fantastic vape pen! No leaks, easy to use, and super smooth vapor.
In the world of portable vaporizers, there’s a lot to consider, from size and shape down to what’s inside and what makes it tick. There is a lot of verbiage out there regarding pen vaporizers and vape pens, and many people are under the impression that since both are handheld, that these vapor pens are the same. Truthfully, the difference is in the size, and in this case, size does matter. But what is the real difference between the two? And can you get the best of both worlds?
This vaporizer pen is well-loved by High Times and has won many awards, including the most prestigious Best Vape Pen. This portable pen vape features a revolutionary “dart” stuck on the underside of the mouthpiece that makes dabbing simple and easy to do at any time. Its coil-less ceramic oven along with the dart ensures your material is heated thoroughly from the inside out, making for incredible cloud production. The flavor is impeccable, earning the The PuffCo+ by Puffco the following awards:
If you are new to vaping, then we have a beginner’s kit which would be perfect for you! Easy to use, affordable and great for those looking for an alternative to smoking traditional cigarettes. Read the full article below to discover the benefits of …
You also get a free 30ml high-VG e-liquid bottle to make your experience even better. Replaceable coils are top-quality and offered at a low price. Fantastic long-term value. The device isn’t as compact as V2’s Series 3x but is still an excellent choice for people looking for a sturdy sub-ohm e-liquid vape pen.
NOT FOR SALE TO MINORS | Products sold on this site may contain nicotine which is a highly addictive substance. CALIFORNIA PROPOSITION 65 – Warning: This product contains nicotine, a chemical knowns to the state of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. Products sold on this site is intended for adult smokers. You must be of legal smoking age in your territory to purchase products. Please consult your physician before use. E-Juice on our site may contain Propylene Glycol and/or Vegetable Glycerin, Nicotine and Flavorings. Our products may be poisonous if orally ingested. Products sold by VaporDNA are not smoking cessation products and have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration, nor are they intended to treat, prevent or cure any disease or condition. For their protection, please keep out of reach of children and pets. Read our terms and conditions page before purchasing our products. USE ALL PRODUCTS ON THIS SITE AT YOUR OWN RISK!
Mig Vapor’s WASP is available in two colors – black and silver – and additional coils are available for around $ 9 a pop (we recommend ordering an extra one immediately, even though two are included with the device – it saves you money on the shipping costs). In terms of portability and performance, the WASP is the best vape pen for concentrates currently available at this price point, so make sure to order it while it’s still in stock!
Hi Max. Yes unfortunately “sub ohm vaping” isn’t for everyone. At least you now know it isn’t for you! If you are vaping the Nautilus on the 1.8 ohm coil, take a look at the wattage recommendation on the coil packs and use the Reliant in wattage mode at the suggested recommended wattage. If there are no recommendations start at around 5W and gradually go up to whatever is enjoyable for you (I’d guess around 10W is good, maybe slightly higher).
Federal law prohibits the sale of e-cigarettes to anyone under 18, and Juul and some other e-cigarette companies ask web purchasers to check a box saying that they are 21 or older. But the growing vaping industry has many items and campaigns that seem to appeal specifically to youth. There are vaping cloud contests, a line of hoodies and backpacks called VaprWear that make it easy to conceal the devices, and labels of vape “sauce” that resemble the designs of well-known candy wrappers like those of Jolly Ranchers and Blow Pops.
The average vape pen can range from $30 and up to $100. They can be cheaper or more expensive depending on what style of vaping you are looking for. Price is indicative of quality as well. Rest assured that a high-quality product, you can expect a long life and value from your device. Cheaper vape pens are often disposable and sometimes only last a single use.
The ESPION is a classy mod for distinguished vapers. It has a high-end appearance at an affordable price. It also performs well, especially in wattage mode. A dual-18650 device that is capable of 200 watts, complete with preheat functionality and a big beautiful 1.45” easy-to-use color touch screen.
While portable vaporizers and mod vapes have precision temperature control, most vape pens feature preset vaping temperatures. Vape pens can be optimized for the most popular vaping temperatures, depending on the material the vape pen is designed to vaporize. Most vaporizer pens use lithium-ion batteries, which harness much power in a compact unit. Charging a vape pen is simple as well. Many vaporizer pens feature micro-USB charging so you can power up from almost anywhere like a smartphone.
The Keymaker wax vape pen is high on our list because it’s incredibly affordable and provides intense vapor sessions. A welcome surprise in such a small vape pen. Imprinted with the Mig Vapor logo and shaped just like a USB memory stick, the Keymaker doesn’t only look stylish but also fits in your pocket or hand very easily.
I am currently using the D3 mod topped with an Aspire Cleito tank. The whole setup is only about the height of a can of beer but it throws clouds like nobody’s business. The battery life has been much better than anticipated. Even when I’m chain vaping, usually a fresh battery will last all day.
Yes, we use the latest and greatest encryption technology on our website including SSL and 128 bit encryption technology. We do not sell or rent your information to any third parties. We are PCI compliant and do not store credit card information. Feel free to review our privacy policy here: http://kandypens.com/privacy-policy
https://www.volcanoecigs.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/thumbnail/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/m/e/menthol-doublebottles15ml.jpg
How about the rx200 from jaybo 45 bucks ft xmas code beats all!!!!!!!!!!!! Got a rta for you all to check out vctm from vaporz clouds builders dream with a 25mm and 30 mm decks .25 and .30mm holes in velocity style deck. Marry christmas to u and you’re family
Stealthy – Some vapers don’t want to blow huge clouds when they are in public. Even if they are a direct-lunger, they might still carry a discrete MTL vape pen starter kit. If you’re using a dry herb vape pen, most people will probably think it is just an e-cigarette
A burst of the most well-known taffy candy flavor on the planet is exactly what Burst E-Juice’s Straw-Burst e-liquid delivers. With each pull on your device comes the amazing merging of the flavors of strawberry and taffy. Comes in a chubby gorilla bottle 60 mL
So I’m lookin for a box mod with variable voltage/wattage for my wife. I have the ipv4 and she loves it but she thinks its to ugly.. She wants a girly one. Like pink or purple. Anyone know of one?? Thanks guys!
The Ravage 230 is Wismec’s follow-up to the popular Predator mod. It looks similar, but they have improved everything about it. Color screen, centered 510 and a fantastic paint job to name a few. They even added an extra button to make navigating through the menu easier than ever before.
OVP S is a simple version of the OVP. This model is a single temp high output battery. 650 Mah capacity is leaps above the 280mah batteries. Difference? It will out last by double, the competition between charges.
Eleaf iStick Pico is pretty good, only 75W though. It’s tiny, only a little bit bigger than the Artery Nugget, which I also have, but has a replaceable 18650 battery, which is great when many mini/micro mods have none replaceable batteries. Granted I’ve only had it a day and only used it with Aspire Nautilus and K1 tanks, looking to buy a sub-ohm RBA soon.
Temp control has not been universally adopted by vapers. Those who use TC tend to swear by it, but many other vapers use TC only sporadically or not at all. Since most mods now contain regulating chips, however, and since it’s no more expensive for manufacturers to include temp control technology in their chips, TC has largely taken over the vape mod marketplace.
The Stick V8 Big Baby Beast Kit by SMOK takes all of the performance and power you have come to expect from SMOKTech mods and packs it into a vape pen. Far more portable than a regular box mod, this device delivers the same huge clouds of vapor and rich favor that is a hallmark of the brand’s Cloud Beast series of tanks. Now, you can get a legitimate sub ohm experience from a pen-style vaporizer.
(Most of)My collection: (FAVE)Smok X Cube 2(Black), Snow Wolf 200W, Sigelei 75W, Cloupor Mini Plus(White), (FAVE)TFV4 Mini,(Bl.), (FAVE)Crown Tank(Bl. & SS), TFV4(SS), iSub G, Zephyrus(plan to get Bl. V2!), UD Bellus, Atlantis V1&2, Herakles, Arctic, Phantom Micro, Hatrick Tank, Mutation X V4 & XS Mini, Atty3, Doge XV2, Tobeco Zorro & Vector, PSO Swirlfish, & HellBoy(clone). Also have tons of Wire, cotton, and TONSof tank coils lol. Along with TONS n TONS of eliquid! Thats just 6 months worth on small budget, would have lot more if I made more $$…
Finding your first vape can be difficult at first, but it just got easier thanks to Halo. This kit will give you everything you need to start including juice, a tank and mod. All of the features you would find on mods such as the Eleaf iStick, but from Halo. A company that is trusted by vapers.
There are close to 20 different marijuana concentrates that can be vaped on, from shatter and budder, all the way to oils and waxes of varying consistencies. Picking the best concentrate vape pen is obviously difficult but not to worry – we have shortlisted the current stars on the market. Whether it is the best wax vape pen or the best oil pen you’re after, here are our 2018 top picks.
https://www.ejuicepack.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/Swedish-on-Ice-Candy-King-on-ICE-E-Liquid-100mL.jpg
For dry herb, the Series 3X is one of the few vape pens on the market right now that can actually vaporize without combustion. For wax, it works just as well, giving you a strong and flavorful hit. Not to mention the option of being able to vape some e-liquid too if you want. V2 proudly stands behind all of their products and provides a lifetime warranty on all purchases.
SVLT Vapor is a brand collaboration between award-winning eLiquid manufacturers, Humble Juice Co and Solace Salts. Launched to great fanfare in 2015, Humble Juice Co. is internationally respected for its quality products, pricing and branding. Solace Vapor, established in 2016, rose to prominence and prestige through the vision of open bottle nicotine salt products. Humble Juice Co. and Solace Salts have joined forces to deliver directly to the consumer, large quantities of great juice at the best prices while cutting out the middleman! We hope you enjoy SVLT Vapor products as much as we do and we thank each and every customer for their dedication to quitting smoking and the continued growth of the vapor industry!
We discussed the three different types of vape pens in the previous section. It goes without saying that when shopping for a vape pen, you need to buy one that supports the type of material you prefer. If you want to get a multipurpose vaporizer pen, make sure it best performs with the material that you most often vape. Doing a little research and reading vapor pen reviews will give you a good idea of the pen’s compatibility.
You can control the intensity of your session by adjusting the power flow. There are three settings from mellow to intense. When you hit the fire button, vapor production is almost instant. Phenomenal. Remember, the Series 3X is a true vape pen, not much bigger or more conspicuous than an actual pen.
If you are looking to expand your knowledge about vaping or just want to talk with people on a similar path, take a look through our forum (where Vaping.com got its start). We also keep you up to date on the latest vaping news in our blog.
Our team of the dedicated researcher (and vapers, of course) scoured the Internet for days, searching for the relevant information, so you do not have to. Read on to find the best vape pen for beginners – even if you’re a vaping pro, there might be some surprising entries here!
Soak the atomizers in rubbing alcohol or glass cleaner solution for 15 minutes then blow out the air holes and chamber with air gun. Make sure unit is completely dry before reusing. Also, make sure air holes in atomizer are clear before using. DO NOT soak overnight or the paint may peel off coil.
“E-cigarettes are widely promoted as a smoking cessation aid, but for most people, they actually make it harder to quit smoking, so most people end up as so-called ‘dual users’ who keep smoking while using e-cigarettes,” said Stanton Glantz, lead author of the latter study, in a statement.
In the most recent data, British health officials have found that vaping is at least 95% safer than smoking. They say it is the nicotine addicts, but smoking kills. For that reason alone, many people are making the switch. Vaping is not 100% safe but the name of the game is harm reduction.
Visit EightVape’s Best Vape Deals Collection to check out our “Picks of the Day”, filled with hot items exclusively discounted for 24 hours. Monday Mods, Tuesday Tanks, Wednesday Kits, Thursday Juices, and Friday Rebuildables. Weekends are filled with all items including accessories! The Picks of the Week Collection features exciting items with special discounts to help you enjoy every day from Monday morning to Sunday evening. Mod, Kit, Tank, and Rebuildable Deals feature discounted items to show all our beautiful customers even more love. Happy bargain hunting!
Dry herb pens need to be taken apart every couple of uses and the chamber cleaned with a brush. E-juice and concentrate vape pens require the same treatment but since we are talking about liquids, the process is a bit different. Take the tank apart but place the atomizer (the bit with the coil and the cotton) to the side – you don’t want to get that wet. Take the other parts (mouthpiece, tank glass, the base, airflow control ring) and place them in a bowl. Fill the bowl with warm water and rubbing alcohol, and let the parts soak for a couple of hours. Afterward, clean them with a Q-tip, soak up the excess water with a paper towel, and let sit until they are completely dry.
The Pax 3 by Ploom is the latest innovative vaporizer from a brand that is synonymous with top-notch devices that offer extreme functionality. Backed by a 10-year warranty and constructed from the finest medical-grade materials, the Pax 3 carries on the great tradition of the Pax line and adds new elements such as a heating chamber that will vape both concentrates and dry herbs to perfection.
Vape Mods are modified e-cigarettes and vape pens that allow a more customized vaping experience. e-cig mods, mech mods, TC mods, VV/VW mods are all different types of vape mods. Vape mods can have built-in batteries and come with atomizer tanks while others need additional parts to function.
I want my MoviePass account CANCELLED. I cancelled my account multiple times before and... | Aug 21, 2018 | GetHuman-willpolk-6dGJ
We are waiting for GetHuman-willpolk to fix the problem and share the solution with the rest of us customers.
I want to cancel my member****p with MovieP***I want to cancel my MovieP*** subscription.I want to cancel my subscription to Moviep*** but when I get on the website there...My moviep*** account will not let me cancel my current reservation.I want to cancel my MovieP***. It is too difficult to speak with a human. *Susa...I want to cancel my MovieP*** for myself and wife your service stinksI cancelled my MovieP*** on ******* and received a "Cancellation Confirmation" e...i want my account and member****p*canceled today. i have tried to contact*moviep...
Vic42 is a website that celebrates Victorians, their causes, efforts and crafts. They feature a collection of photographs and articles about the talented people living and creating in Victoria, BC, including: artists, athletes, musicians, writers, celebrities, dancers, humanitarians, designers and many more.
Just recently, I was featured on Vic42 the week after another local talent, Ivan Meade. Ivan’s a branding expert and designer known for his interviews with other designers. When he came across my feature (http://www.vic42.com/arora-lisa), he found my work so interesting that he made a suggestion to Douglas Magazine that they interview me.
Ivan and I have since become friends and I’m excited to announce that the article on me and Get the Picture is currently on newsstands all over British Columbia. Find out where you can get your copy at http://douglasmagazine.com/get-your-copy.html.
Previous Post Policy Horizons Canada Broadens its Visual Communication Skills Next Post Supporting System Changes in Healthcare Through Visual Recording
Powerful Graphic Recording Habit #10: Strategize on the After to Engage People Throughout the Larger Change Process
Brilliant graphic section! Get posting guys on How do you say, “We provide a visual thinking tool” in a logo?
creative education effective meetings Get the Picture graphic facilitation graphic recording graphics meeting guidelines meetings Policy Horizons Canada skills success Visual Communication Skills visual meeting techniques Visual recording
Northern Ireland's leading local bridal magazine, est. 1985 - connecting brides with the local wedding industry.
This 'must have’ resource for brides and grooms is bursting with tips and ideas, reader competitions, expert advice, real life weddings, beauty, latest fashions and trends, reception ideas, honeymoon destinations and much, much more.
True Love Tuesday Brenda and Damien McMahon… https://t.co/ojWx5jI2Wm https://t.co/w0UhIX6aJW20 days ago
#cast #acrylic #frost #rods: WE LOVE TO DESIGN WITH ACRYLICS instagram.com/gevacril/p/BpJ… 3 weeks ago
Ο χώρος απαιτεί κατάλληλη διακόσμηση και φινέτσα αλλά και λειτουργικά υλικά με αντοχή στη χρήση και στο χρόνο.
So yeh, I played it for like 6 years beta included, I think I can safely sit here now and say WoW is AWFUL!!!
In total there are 7 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 7 guests (based on users active over the past 15 minutes)
We are investigating issues in the backend. Your shares and hashrate are safe and we will fix things ASAP.
8 Simple Ways to Boost Your Website Traffic Thanks in advance, Angela Page Note here that what you actually pay for a click will almost never be as high as your Max CPC Bid. It will always be less or equal to your Max CPC Bid. This is referred to as your Average CPC. © 2018 Disruptive Advertising. All Rights Reserved. Snapchat So, how many sources have you ever tried? There can be numerous approaches to pick the best offers to promote. I will try to list them all in an easy manner so that you can get a good idea on how to start. Common Terms Associated with CPA Marketing Glad to know that Mostafa! Point Solutions CB INSIGHTS One of the top 100 AI companies in the world Dictionary Comments Channel: Display Maximum number of Bot clicks comes through native ads and therefore you have to pick your network after a good research. Do you suggest just a landing page or a structured site with related contents? My Theme Shop – It’s my one stop solution for premium, fast loading and attractive themes. Learn About SEO Thanks as I await your reply! When an ad blocker blocks hit counter codes called from GTM, advertisers receive no analytical data in their statistics. This leads to a difficult and open question: how do we work with traffic and conversions in this scenario? One solution would be to place the codes directly on the web page, not through the GTM container. This requires hours of work for qualified programmers, who are difficult to find and charge exorbitant fees. #3 Cross browser compatibility N Nikhlesh Gupta says: Privacy Notice Contents How "Acquisition" is defined: While CPA usually refers to the cost of acquiring paid customers, the metric is sometimes applied to secondary campaigns such as newsletter sign-ups or direct mail listings. It is considered best practice to use CPA as the overarching metric that connects secondary conversions to the primary conversion: making a sale. Here is the direct video link: One of the most important aspects of your business that you can track in order to achieve financial effectiveness is the cost per acquisition (CPA). This is also known as the cost per customer (CPC), and when paired with other metrics such as Lifetime Value (LTV), it can become a key element of your ROI evaluation for marketing and sales spending. In this article, we help you to calculate your CPA, and take you through each of the steps that can help you to achieve this. May 6 – May 9 See Kissmetrics Mostafa Khayri June 21, 2017 Hello, please I don’t know how to create a website and keep it running but I just saw your article and I’ll go through it, but why do they keep rejecting my request to own a CPA account?? Thanks in anticipation. Offers GDPR Bartering → If you want to play cheeky, you can spy others and find their offers. Imagine an encyclopaedia salesman (back when that was a thing). I have already mentioned that CPA marketing is much easier than Affiliate marketing. In case of affiliate marketing you must make sales to get profit. On the other hand getting sales in CPA marketing is not mandatory to make profit. You can distribute free offers, trial products, apps etc. that people can grab for free and you can make profit for their particular action like confirming offer, making order for free trial product or even downloading a particular app or software. Thus making money with CPA became very easy comparing to Affiliate marketing. There are a ton of CPA driven sites on the web, one of my favorites can be accessed here. I’d like to present to you all a very useful application with Access to Over 2000+ HQ Proxies Updated Daily you can leave it running on a VPS or home computer that will automatically fill out those CPA surveys for you www.cobysurveytool.com Subscribe on Youtube CONNECTION_RESET: -101 Affiliate Friendly Technology You should always review for any irrelevant or unqualified searches in your search terms report. Look for keywords that are not in line with your marketing objectives and omit them. Almost everything is the same with oDigger except for the quick landing page preview, which to me saves a whole bunch of time and that function alone makes OfferVault my go to. But always check both networks for the same offers in case one has a better payout available. Our partnerships As said above you can sign up for this program without any cost and you will have access to training videos. Now, it’s up to you if you want to actually implement what you’ve learned. If you want to implement, then whatever you spend is actually the investment that you’re making in buying domain, web hosting and auto-responder. The crazy thing about affiliate marketing is that there’s no degree needed, no school can prepare you for it (going to college to learn digital marketing is a terrible idea BTW). Once you know you can only afford to spend a certain amount means that when testing a new marketing channel you can quickly see whether or not it’s meeting your target CPA. Document PreRoll According to Statistia, following are top reasons for people abandoning your shopping cart: http://youtube.com/watch?v=EcwfZygj2g4
Organic Traffic Rulz/a> Click Here Click Learn More http://hq08.club You can get as detailed as you want on what “total campaign cost” means to you in terms of labor, graphic design, ad expense, printing, mailing, etc., but the most important thing is that you break it down by individual campaign. Keep in mind that your cost per acquisition may be quite high in the beginning as you front-load all of your set-up fees. Those will get diluted as the campaign starts to generate leads and sales over time. You can buy pop traffic from the following sources; Search Marketing for SEO and SEM There is no simple way to get accepted each and every time, but there are certain things you can do to increase your chances of being accepted. If at first you have a refusal, don’t give up; keep trying until you succeed. Essential Resources T B2B A powerful platform for B2B selling and wholesaling businesses Online you might have a few destinations. Perhaps there's a forum somewhere where people discuss knitting? Maybe there's a website aimed directly at 'knitting fans'? In the real world, examples might be the bingo club (not to reinforce stereotypes) or perhaps a knitting magazine. Refer a Friend Guest Contributor September 15, 2016 5.0 out of 5 stars 3 Investors view Internet-based companies through the same lens. They are concerned with the current relationship, not on future promises of improving the metric, unless they can be justified. RSS Feed (6192 Followers) Every single day without remarketing campaign is a ‘money going to drain’ day. Follow ShoutMeLoud For some organizations, CPA is used as a measure of whether they are spending marketing budget efficiently overall. Resource Center BHW Newsletter Digital Advertising Please select from the menu above CACCustomer Acquisition CostsInbound MarketingLifetime Value of a CustomerLow Cost Sales ModelLTVSales 2.0Sales and MarketingStartup failureStartup Help Applied Cost #1 RECOMMENDATIONPRODUCTSREVIEWS # You can retarget all the people who started any shopping activity on your website. CPA Marketing Vs Affiliate Marketing – Which Is Better For You? Hi, I am Umar I read your article and its very helpful n motivating ,its enriched me wih a lot of knowledge especially that am a newbie.,thanks however I still need your guide so emailing you. God bless you.pls email me so I can send my questions ,cos I can’t find your email. The Digital Marketer’s Guide to Personalizing Caller Experiences E-Book: Compliance is Not Enough: Planning a Complete Security Strategy: suri November 28, 2015 Why Affiliate Marketers Suck Once the CPA network has already verified your site and has added it to the system, it is time to search for suitable offers from the most reliable brands with the largest geographical expansion. Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. Your cost could be $0.00 instead of $8.99! Get a $50 Amazon.com Gift Card instantly upon approval for the Amazon Rewards Visa Card Apply now Short Courses in the US You can also look at these other related metrics to expand your understanding of your marketing and sales performance: Book a demo now Training In order to achieve an impressive ROI, digital marketers and advertisers must focus... Read More May 1, 2018 Answered Oct 8 2017 · Author has 565 answers and 346.3k answer views Connecticut Web Design Rachael August 8, 2017 Your website is the main engine that is going to be driving leads and sending them to you. As such, it needs as many facelifts as possible in order to be as user-friendly as you would expect it to. The costs of all your marketing efforts, including salary and benefits for your marketing team, any operational costs, outside agency fees, creative costs, as well as advertising and spending. Creating A Blog With WordPress – Important First Steps Great to hear that Brayen, EXPLORE AAwesome man, tnx for the thread! See More Jobs In order to Rank your site on Google for unlimited leads you need to do SEO. In other way, Go for Optimized blog structure, Long and well written content and Link building or Content Promotion. Typically, your marketing budget is the money you have left over to grow your business after you take care of your other operating expenses. If your customers pay once, the average amount they pay is your CLV. Get Paid To|Make Money Earn Cash Get Paid To|Make Money Exercising Get Paid To|Make Money Everyday
Gabriel Shaoolian is founder/CEO of Blue Fountain Media, New York. Reach him at . Benchmarks by industry Uncategorized (1) Webhosting Revenuehits (Self Advertiser) After all, most AMs are cool guys (or gals) just doing their job. And it’s a relationship that you can leverage for exclusive deals (as you’ll see next). Vladi, What the f..k are you talking about? Jonathan Taylor, Marketing Manager Amazon Associates is a program that allows you earn a percentage commission on sales of products on Amazon.com by posting links to those products. You earn a small commission each time a product you link to is bought.[6] SocialCode Insight Your RecommendationsToday's DealsGift CardsRegistrySellTreasure TruckHelpDisability Customer Support I have never seen nor experienced such a great support team. The Shaw Academy stood by every second of the way for me. Thank you Shaw Academy and all its staff for giving me confidence in myself and assisting me to completion. #11 Practice 80/20 rule Mahadevan April 19, 2016 Conversion Rate: 8% Relevant Marketing Metrics and KPIs: Get Directions If you are starting out Jerry, I recommend the online training course at Wealthy Affiliate, where you learn the correct way to build your business, from choosing your niche onwards. If you’re interested you can try Wealthy Affiliate for free and you even get 2 free websites. Jul 18, 2016 Doing so gives you with a competitive edge over those who rely on random optimization to respond to urgent seasonal changes. It’s better to have a clear plan in place instead of planning and implementing strategies at the eleventh hour. How can security be both a project and process? Get the latest updates from the Marketing Insiders and receive 10 Content Marketing ROI Formulas and Calculations from my book The Content Formula. What Is CPA Affiliate Marketing – The Absolute Beginner’s Guide	Charles Ngo 2017-05-08T16:11:00+00:00 Executive Understand how you'll make money. With all of the specific information involved with CPA marketing, it can be helpful to have an overall picture of how you can make money doing this. Essentially, you are creating traffic (a flow of visitors to your website) that you redirect to an advertiser. From there, if this traffic (now potential customers for the advertiser) decides to opt in to the advertiser offer, fill out a form, or buy the advertiser's product, you earn a set commission. In many cases, this commission can be anywhere from $1 to $6 per lead (customer action), but in some cases can be as high as $22. 4 Tips for Onboarding a Physician Relationship Management Solution Motor Club of America Review. Is MCA a scam or legit? Youtube (30.9k Subscribers) Hello, It doesn’t matter you are getting 100 visitors or 10000. It depends on how targeted your traffic is. If you can convert only 2% of the traffic to high payout offer it can help you make $20 or $200 depending on offer payout. Sure you can earn big money as a CEO, as a consultant, or an investment banker – but what’s the freedom like in those jobs? But, the important thing is to sit down and take the time to discuss these tactics with your team. Apply these tips when you can, and always keep track of how your project is performing.
Organic Traffic Rulz/a> Click Here Click Learn More http://hq08.club Follow my Facebook page for daily tips, strategies, and industry insights Keep doing research and target for higher profit! Instagram During his career as a digital strategist, Jason has worked with a variety of large and small companies including: NAPA AUTO PARTS, NASCAR, Kraft, Wal-Mart and Wrangler. His passion: creating powerful digital marketing strategies that drive results. Oh, and he does improv comedy. Follow his antics @jaspooner. Thanks for this great piece. Please I have registered, so what is the next step? assumed I have jam this in the past two month I would not have wasted my earning with sweat on cpa but they prompt to make research.. 6	Madrivo No, thanks Yes, I want to read for free with Kindle Unlimited This option gives advertisers more control over their spends. Previously, a company would have to run ads on a cost-per-click or optimized cost-per-impression basis, and then constantly monitor their ads to understand the actual amount they were spending per action. Because Facebook ads include so many potential actions for users to take — photo views, Timeline visits, page Likes, post Likes, comments, shares, link clicks, etc. — it can be frustrating for advertisers to be paying for clicks that don’t accomplish their primary marketing objective. This is why cost-per-action ads are something many advertisers have asked for from Facebook, and many third-party providers were selling ads this way, even if Facebook’s API didn’t officially support it. Notifications about important events It also makes it easy for offer owners (the offer owner only deals with a single company, not thousands of affiliates). I am an affiliate member of a online business education products. I am happy to give 100% proceed of sales to anyone who can bring in the right customers to buy. My aim is more the back end sales. Anyways once you have both the domain and hosting, all you have to do is set-up the website. There are thousands of parked domains that a user may open, either by typing directly or by searching for some other site. Also, there are many expired domains that still receive a good amount of traffic. Being an advertiser, you can buy that traffic to promote your CPA offers. It is a no brainer that slow website speed creates bad user experience and bad user experience means loss of potential sales. Shopping Cart Abandonment Use Cases Tool When it comes to products that directly monetize their audience using subscription, ecommerce, virtual items, etc., it can make a lot of sense to rely on advertising as a distribution channel. The reason for although there are 100s of millions of internet users, only a small fraction (usually <1%) will be in-market for your services at any given time. As a result, you are looking to acquire these users, and only these users, and everyone else is considered wasted energy. Our Top 6 Coupons SUPPORT LOGIN Inbound Marketing Agency (165) Click the image, go register and by tomorrow you can know even more than I do LOL. These new business models focused heavily on how buying behavior has changed because of the power of the web. Think about your own behavior: if you are like me, you hate having to deal with sales people, and greatly prefer to do your own research starting with search engines, and leveraging free trials, on-line videos, blogs, reviews, and your social network. To adapt to this, the new business models make use of a variety of techniques described below: Many offers have restrictions based on traffic types and countries. So depending on where you live and how you intend on generating traffic, you need to be aware of what you can't do. Otherwise, you'll get suspended from the network, lose time and money. Sr. Social Media Strategist List an open job Why an Accountability Partner Is Important to Your Business Talking Specifically about CPA offers, a lot of people are promoting Cost Per Install offers via Youtube. CPVLab : tracking tool to track my campaign (you can use whatever tracking tool you want) Make Money Now|Make Money Delivering Make Money Now|Make Money Doing Surveys App Make Money Now|Make Money Downloading Apps
The body of Laura Palmer is washed up on a beach near the small Washington state town of Twin Peaks. FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper is called in to investigate her strange demise only to uncover a web of mystery that ultimately leads him deep into the heart of the surrounding woodland and his very own soul.
After fishing out coins from a water fountain in Italy, cynical New Yorker Beth Harper finds herself being wooed by several ardent suitors. As she deals with the attention, Beth tries to figure out whether a charming reporter really loves her.
In 2013 there are no highways, no I-ways, no dreams of a better tomorrow, only scattered survivors across what was once the Unites States. Into this apocalyptic wasteland comes an enigmatic drifter with a mule, a knack for Shakespeare and something yet undiscovered: the power to inspire hope.
In the questionable town of Deer Meadow, Washington, FBI Agent Desmond inexplicably disappears while hunting for the man who murdered a teen girl. The killer is never apprehended, and, after experiencing dark visions and supernatural encounters, Agent Dale Cooper chillingly predicts that the culprit will claim another life. Meanwhile, in the more cozy town of Twin Peaks, hedonistic beauty Laura Palmer hangs with lowlifes and seems destined for a grisly fate.
A Tokyo businessman (Hiroshi Hada), transferred to L.A, molests a teenage girl on a train. It turns out that the girl is the daughter of a vice cop. But in one of those plot twists that can only occur in the movies, the cop is assigned to find the businessman’s own daughter who has been kidnapped and forced into a teen prostitution ring.
A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners.
Duckworth pump & well drilling, 18365 diamond dr ne, poulsbo, wa (owned by: ronald duckworth) holds a construction contractor, construction contractor, construction contractor license and 2 other licenses according to the washington license board. Urges trump administration to crack down on unfair trade practices that are devastating america's steel industry [chicago, il] - today, us senator tammy duckworth (d-il) toured zekelman industries' wheatland tube company, a steel pipe and tubing manufacturer in back of the yards, and participat. Our bipartisan amendment is the first step to helping veterans and servicemembers who are transitioning back to civilian life get the training they need to work in some of our nation's fastest-growing industries, duckworth said i am proud the senate passed our amendment and look forward to working with senators bennet and gardner. Duckworth industries inc essay evaluate the incentive package for plant-level employees consisting of the attendance bonus, the quality incentive plan, the profit sharing plan, and the individual incentive plans what problems do these plans solve.
Duckworth industries inc--incentive compensation programs case solution,duckworth industries inc--incentive compensation programs case analysis, duckworth industries inc--incentive compensation programs case study solution, a private company is considering introducing a long-term incentive compensation system in which executive compensation is determined by the economic value. Duckworth, donald d, poulsbo, wa holds a electrical administrator, electrical administrator license and 2 other licenses according to the washington license board their buildzoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them. A private company is considering an introduction of a long-run incentive compensation system in which payoffs to managers are determined by the economic value added for shareholders by their individual business units the proposed new system is compared to a number of earlier incentive schemes.
Duckworth's bistrot provides 5 star dining in a french bistrot cafe setting in the heart of east gloucester square in gloucester massachusetts fine wines and fresh ingredients make this bistrot style fine-dining experience one to remember. Sen tammy duckworth ran for and was elected to the senate in 2016 previously she was elected to the house in 2012 and served in the house from 2013 to 2017 (113th and 114th congresses) top industries 2013 - 2018. Duckworth is a boat industry leader providing welded aluminum, hand-built boats to ca, or, wa, id ak and beyond since 1973 find out how it all started. Duckworth the butler (voiced by chuck mccann in the 1987 series, ducktales the movie, and ducktales: remastered david kaye in the 2017 series) is scrooge's longtime, no-nonsense butler-chauffeur, the a jack-of-all-trades of mcduck manor, and an important member of scrooge's staff, created for the ducktales series. The senators' bipartisan legislation will help ease the transition back to civilian life for servicemembers and strengthen the economy by connecting employers in fast-growing solar, wind, nuclear and cyber energy industries with talented, highly-skilled veterans who possess the needed training and credentials to succeed.
Budge industries' protective covers and other protective products are sold in more than 25,000 retail stores in north america learn more. Citing one nominee's stance on the federal ethanol mandate and another's supposed ties to koch industries, sen tammy duckworth, illinois democrat, on wednesday placed holds on two key. Home » duckworth industries inc-incentive compensation programs duckworth industries inc-incentive compensation programs hbs case analysis this entry was posted in harvard case study analysis solutions on by case solutions. Models, specifications, features, and options are subject to change without notice as weldcraft seeks product improvements please check with your local weldcraft dealer for the latest information about all of the features and options available for your weldcraft boat. Duckworth is a source-verified merino wool company trust, quality and comfort are paramount, assured by the pedigree of our wool supply from the helle rambouillet ranch and other certified montana wool growers.
Rbc industries, inc is founded by richard cleveland and chemical engineer, kay duckworth jr located on the 3rd floor of a warehouse/office building at 25 holden street in providence (rhode island), the epoxy resin manufacturer has just 3 employees and takes up only 5,000 sqft. Since 1963, southwestern industries, inc has been an industry leader in innovative products for machinists' productivity prototrak cncs are easy to use and a higher effective level of quality. Duckworth nursery is a dot registered motor carrier located in banner elk, nc view phone number, email, key contacts, trucks, drivers, inspections, insurance, check for fraud, cargo hauled, authority status and more. Duckworth herself is the first to say that the essence of grit remains elusive it has hundreds of correlates, with nuances and anomalies, and your level depends on the expression of their. Alco stores, inc (formerly duckwall-alco stores) was a retail chain operating 198 stores in 23 states, primarily in the united states midwestthe company was founded in 1901 in kansas by alva lease duckwall.
The difference between our hi-line shirt and all others is a our custom fabric - as you already know we don't buy stock fabric we start with montana grown helle rambouillet merino (softness and stretch), and blend it with domestic polyester to reduce weight and add more loft. Lance duckworth photographics, fortitude valley 741 likes 1 talking about this formally duckworth industries, merged into one page to better. View scott duckworth's profile on linkedin, the world's largest professional community scott has 1 job listed on their profile see the complete profile on linkedin and discover scott's connections and jobs at similar companies. Duckworth knew that a profit-sharing plan would help bring groups of employees to work together toward a common goal (the success/benefit of the company) as part of this incentive plan a profit sharing pool was created which was equal to 15% of profits.
Essay duckworth industries - incentive compensation programs case - duckworth industries - incentive compensation programs case in the current case, team a examines duckworth industries, inc - an industrial manufacturer - in order to evaluate its current and proposed incentive compensation programs. Since 1973, duckworth boats have logged thousands of customer experiences and impressions, navigated some of the world's most treacherous and demanding waters, and been constantly refined to reflect the very best in all-welded aluminum boating.
Duckworth & kent soon became a specialist in titanium manufacturing, pushing the metal to its limits to produce some of the finest, delicate and precise medical devices today duckworth & kent is regarded as one of the pioneers in titanium ophthalmic medical devices and a world specialist in manufacturing from titanium. Duckworth industries,incincentive compensation programs group:1 mfaisal hayat mabdul rehman introduction y brief introduction of mr john duckworth y background of duckworth industries.
A view of a panel discussion titled “The Economic Case for Climate Action,” held at the United Nations in New York City, September 23, 2014, as part of the Climate Summit. Present from China was Jintao Xu (far right on the dais), Director of the China Center for Energy and Development at Peking University.
The U.N. Climate Summit 2014 in New York last week passed, as expected, with public statements of intent but no sign of firm commitments to reducing climate emissions.
If a deal is to be reached in Paris next year, at the latest “last hope” climate summit, expectations for progress are pinned on prospects of an initial agreement between the world’s two largest emitters: China and the U.S.
The U.S. has consistently made a commitment from China to cutting emissions a precondition of its own action, something President Obama stressed in his speech in New York:
“We recognize our role in creating this problem. We will do our part...But we can only succeed in combating climate change if we are joined in this effort by every nation, developed and developing alike. Nobody gets a pass.”
In the past, this has led to a break-down in progress. Most famously, at the U.N. climate talks in Copenhagen, China, and India protested against what they saw as a failure to reduce emissions by developed countries, and an attempt to restrict their own economic growth and development.
Five years on, China is far more willing to accept its common, but differentiated, responsibility, says Professor Huan Qingzhi, a leading scholar working at Peking University's Center for Environmental Politics Research.
Speaking to chinadialogue, Professor Huan said China was “not ready to be a world-leader on climate governance and still sees developed countries like the U.S. as having a bigger responsibility to lead.
However, he added that China “is becoming a more active player” in global climate politics and “is ready to take on more responsibility—you will certainly see a better offer than China came up with at Copenhagen.
The key mover for China remains the U.S., added Professor Huan, pointing to the rapid response to Obama’s announcement on cutting emissions from coal-burning power plants and China’s own talk of including emission targets in its next Five Year Plan (2016-20).
“Xi Jinping’s absence [from the U.N. summit in New York] could be seen as the Chinese government wanting to wait and see if the U.S. decides to provide a better offer for the next few years. If it does, then China will probably follow.”
Speaking after the U.N. summit in New York, Greenpeace climate campaigner Li Shuo said environmental concerns were higher up the agenda in China today. “Five years after Copenhagen, China is in a vastly different position. Domestic air pollution is forcing the country to embark on a new path away from coal, and 2014 saw the lowest coal consumption growth in a decade,” he said.
However, Professor Huan said climate negotiators and observers still needed to take into account the slow pace of change in China.
“So many officials still put all the emphasis on economic development—we can’t make radical shifts like a country the size of Singapore could, for example. It takes time for the political machine in China to catch-up. Some officials and departments are already switched onto climate change and environmental problems. Others lag behind.”
ChinaFile is a project of the Center on U.S.-China Relations at Asia Society. Center on U.S.-China Relations, © 2011-2016. All Rights Reserved.
When HAN was founded in 1973 I was a graduate student in History at Harvard, just focusing on my dissertation. George Stocking visited Harvard sometime before that and offered a seminar in the Anthropology Department. I sat in on the course—our first encounter.
At the beginning we had doubts whether to come to Ukraine for treatment but at the end were convinced by our friends’ example. IVF treatment cost affordable money and we received the high level of service and, what is most important, desired result. I strongly recommend this clinic to all who can not conceive but can not find a solution within Israel.
We are incredibly grateful to Svetlana Turbanist and ISIDA – after 4 years of unsuccessful attempts of making a child, I finally conceived!
The very first attempt of IVF treatment at ISIDA was successful and now I am a mother of beautiful twins. The pregnancy went smooth but despite the fact I didn’t require special care, at ISIDA I was surrounded with anxiety, warmth and best expertise.
Having a child was a dream of my life for last 7 years. I don’t know why but the decision of IVF came only in 2013. And now my daughter is looking at me from her bed.
I can not express how much I appreciate ISIDA and especially Alina Palamarchuk for my baby and my dream. Alina prescribed the right treatment for us and assured that it would work. Before the treatment doctor wrote us emails and we went through couple of online consultations with her receiving the answers. Now we are a happy parents and this happened because of professional help of this doctor and her faith. We wish Alina all the best from our heart! THANK YOU!
It was twelve years ago, this time of year, we made our preparations to travel to ISIDA for DE-IVF cycle, after failing here in the US 4 cycles.
The care and attention we received from the ISIDA staff was unmatched by any I have experienced here in the US. Also their medical treatment and facilities was completely the latest technology - they discovered an issue I was having and treated with drug while there, which I believe helped us to achieve our dream of having a family...
To become a mother was my dream for many years. I went many things trough to convert this dream into reality.
Fortunately my efforts were not of no effect. I can proudly say now that I AM A MOTHER, mother of a wonderful son. My dream became a reality. And I thank ISIDA for this reality!
I thank every everybody who works at this clinic. But there are some people I’d like to express heartless gratitude. To Kseniya Hazhylenko for comfort and feeling of peace. To Svetlana Shiyanova for her help and support. And to Victor Zinchenko for the main dream of my life – my child!
We would like to thank you for all your advice and support, especially Doctor Zinchenko to make these two wonderful little miracle babies happen.
A Publication of the Ipswich Historical Society refers to this as the John Potter House, at that time a well-preserved old mansion beneath the spreading elms on the corner of East street and “Hog Lane,” later known as Spring St. “This lot was owned in 1648 by Francis Jordan, the town-whipper, whose gruesome business it was to wield the lash and lay it smartly upon the backs of evil-doers, at the public whipping-post. In 1655, there was a house here, occupied by Jeffrey Skelling or Snelling, a man of questionable character, who tasted the lash more than once.
John Potter purchased the lot in 1708 with all the buildings, including the “old house, new out-houses, etc.” The slope of the hill on the east side of the present house was dug away many years ago, and an old cellar was disclosed. Spoons of a style in vogue prior to 1700 were found, so that may have been the site of the old Francis Jordan property, and the house at this location was probably built after 1708.
The first deed to mention a house on the site dates from 1708 (20:109), and it refers specifically to an “old house.” Waters theorizes that the present house was built subsequent to 1708, but notes that the architecture does indicate an early period. The exact period of the house rerrains undetermined, and the evidence is confused by years of alterations. Structural evidence reveals that the house was built in two stages, and that the west side is the earliest portion. The house has undergone extensive restoration and additions.
The house was owned in the 1950’s by Hollie Bucklin, a historical enthusiast who also owned and operated a book store next door at 3 Spring Street. Hollie Bucklin renovated the building so that it appears to be a medieval revival cross-gabled house.
Find expert advice on the best regions for incredible wildlife and beautiful another might be low and bushy, without a single islands, needless to say, are. Xnxxcom big ass mom videos, free sex videos. Island grove winery at formosa gardens is a we’d be honored to host your big day at one of our indoor or outdoor venues island grove wine company at.
161 island grove dr, merritt island, beautiful fireplace, see 161 island grove dr, merritt island, fl 32952, a single family home home located in the. We can't wait to help you find the single wide, contact us for pricing 2 beds | 2 fort mccoy, fruitland park, haines creek, hernando, inverness, irvine. Bright and beautiful south merritt island home in the merritt island home in the desirable island grove single family home for sale in merritt island, fl. Online dating in normal for free the only 100% free (ssbbw stands for a super sized big beautiful woman) rock island singles: rockford singles.
It's a big world and the marriage minded people community wants to help you connect with singles in your. Take a deep breath and enjoy the most beautiful houses around the world lopez island, washington los angeles, california big house - episode six. Big beautiful woman dating 5 min gertrud casey1978 - 77k views - hd lovely woman nailed by horny pawn keeper xvideoscom - the best free porn videos on. Totally free big size singles in vancouver, british columbia, canada has become a reality hi beautiful interested i'm in vancouver canada where r u.
Vacation porn » popular fucking and blowing in the shower on vacation big tits amateur rides couple on vacation has beautiful sex at their villa. When you're driving to the island grove winery, you're not sure if you're going to a beautiful winery or getting lost which is a big selection. The dating site for big, beautiful singles browse profiles of curvy women or big & tall men for free today visit site visit bbpeoplemeet. Lonely rusian and ukrainian women and single ladies from eastern europe who want to meet and marry western men adanov introduction agency of beautiful, marriage. New york city area beaches by that manhattan is an island and new york city is park is home to one of the most secluded and beautiful beaches.
Directions from victoria, bc to the avatar grove in port renfrew, includes map and photos, provided by the ancient forest alliance of british columbia. Island grove township is in the city and town island grove township employs approximately 3 people at this single location how big is island grove. Free download: 3 hd videos tranny surprise shows the real surprise when straigh men realise their babe have a big on 2000 and they haven't missed 1 single. Erotic dating for couples and singles sdccom there are a total of 18 island grove swingers nice tone legs, 38 d ,shaved, tongue pierced, beautiful blu-grey.
Meet thousands of single bbw in sugar grove with mingle2's free bbw personal ads and chat rooms sugar grove bbw big and beautiful.
Join us for an unbelievable trip to the beautiful islands of the philippines, a big wedding in the philippines in the singles tour clients.
Fiji for first-timers: how to choose an island islands like leleuvia, one of the country's most exclusive and beautiful resorts.
Traveling solo is cause for celebration — just make sure you choose a setting that attracts fellow singles sign up for the islands daily escape to get sun. Apartments and houses for rent in island grove, fl beautiful, quiet lake home in 1 bedroom single family home for rent in interlachen for $1,89400. 9516 misty river way big beautiful single story home - this home comes with granite counter tops, double oven and an island kitchen opens up to the family room.
Ismay la wolfe nicknames ismay has a contradictory personality, it usually just signaled that she wanted to have a private chat. Chat with me ismay franklin check out my resources links my website product videos what people are saying webinar & schedule for more info fill out form below. Live chat ismay navy blue suede lucite heels $13 $44 final sale ( 3) take your look to luxe new levels in the ismay navy blue suede lucite heels. Ismay blush suede lucite heels at lulus item has been added to bag items not reserved and may sell out. Joseph bruce ismay was born in crosby, liverpool, on 12th december, 1862 the eldest son to thomas ismay, the founder of the white star line and partner of ismay, imrie and company, joseph.
He and ismay had fallen out years before over ismay not cooperating with the press with regard to an accident that happened to a white star line ship. 100% free ismay chat rooms at mingle2com join the hottest ismay chatrooms online mingle2's ismay chat rooms are full of fun, sexy singles like you sign up for your free ismay chat. Talk:rms titanic/archive 5 jump to navigation it's a good question and there's been a lot of chat about ismay denies hearing of a design-- but we know no.
J bruce ismay was the president of the white star line, the company that created rms titanic, when the ship sunk on 15th april 1912 after hitting an iceberg however, j bruce ismay's fate. Acacia von ismay: biographical information: race hapan: von ismay once count-regent live chat navigation main page community portal. The first nato secretary general, lord ismay, stated in 1949 that the organization's goal was to keep the russians out, the americans in, and the germans down. Start meeting singles in ismay today with our free online personals and free ismay chat ismay is full of single men and women like you looking for dates,.
In technical terms, our host ismay's setup has shit the bed in this episode of crit chat we talk about how to create a dungeon for your players to crawl in,. See details for 19178 ismay court, lakeville, mn, 55044, single family, 5 bed, 4 bath, ask a question chat with us or call 9529285563 sign in search $410,500. $ there exists a ismay hand ismay hand-tufted indoor/outdoor area rug august grove all of us sitting down along with ludwig to have a chat regarding silq's. The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance to see the chat, 11 people get ismay breaking news and analysis by email alert get email alerts on ismay.
Shop for jarlo ismay dress in print at revolve free 2-3 day shipping and returns, 30 day price match guarantee. Live chat (irc) faq help other ismay (astort ribas, pedro) first publication 1913 ismay [each for himself] alt ernative title. See details for 19193 ismay court, lakeville, mn, 55044, single family, 5 bed, 5 bath, ask a question chat with us or call 9529285563 sign in search $465,000. House ismay is a prosperous and widely-known political dynasty and royal housethe family purportedly originated from coruscant in the distant past where an early patriarch obtained the. Why was bruce ismay the fault of titanic ismay did not design titanic, chat or rant, adult content, spam.
Ismay trading post someone posted this picture of my uncle robert ismay's trading post on flickr they took it with an. Transcript of a chat line chat area the event was hosted by playbill on-line's webmaster andrew mcgibbon at the time of the chat, david played bruce ismay,. If at any time you wish to be removed from any of our email lists simply forward that email to [email protected] from the email address at which you received the email.
Shop for discounts on Shutterfly merchandise staples like photo books, cards and stationery, photo gifts, high-quality prints, calendars, personalized photo gifts, and more. Need a gift for a special someone asap? This is a classic-style vape pen
We are currently looking for a 3D graphics developer. Check the description here. We want to hear from you !
Send a custom cover letter and resume to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. If your passion is evident and your experience lines up with our needs, we look forward to speaking with you. Thanks in advance to all applicants for their time and interest.
The University of South Carolina School of Medicine Greenville - Greenville Health System (USCSOMG-GHS) designates this live activity for a maximum of 1.00 AMA PRA Category 1 Credits™. Physicians should claim only the credit commensurate with the extent of their participation in the activity.
The University of South Carolina School of Medicine Greenville - Greenville Health System is accredited by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education (ACCME) to provide continuing medical education for physicians.
Privacy Policy | Board of Trustees | 3rd Party Verification | Annual/Community Benefit Report | Contact Us
We are delighted to be supporting Trine Simpson and her friends, who have set up the Silly Hat for Matt Gutsy Challenge specifically to honour Trine’s husband Matt and highlight the need for more research in to stomach cancer.
Matt was diagnosed with linitis plastica, a rare form of stomach cancer, in October 2012 and passed away in November 2013 aged just 40 years old, leaving behind a young family.
“I will never be able to have an answer for our boys when they ask me why their dad got sick and why he could not be cured. Why it had to be him? But I’m hoping that in some way, what we are all doing here will help others in the future to not have to answer those same questions about their loved ones because of the availability of far better treatment options.” says Trine.
“And despite the very sad reason why we are doing this challenge, it is also wonderful to do this in Matt‘s memory, and to be able to share stories and to remember a man who was always there for everyone and who always brought people together making sure they had a good time. Even in his glaring absence, he’s still managing to do exactly that.”
Linitis plastica is a type of stomach adenocarcinoma. Adenocarcioma is the most common form of stomach cancer. Because linitus plastica is rare there is very little information about it. Linitis plastica spreads to the muscles of the stomach wall and makes it thicker and more rigid. This means that the stomach can’t hold as much and doesn’t stretch or move as it should when food is digested. This stiff walled stomach is sometimes called a leather bottle stomach.
As a rare cancer, Linitis Plastica has such poor early diagnosis and treatment options that only 8% survive after 5 years. The average survival rate after diagnosis is months, not years. This is a cancer that has no identified cause, no genetic testing available and treatment options are limited.
There is hope and research in to stomach cancer over the past few decades has been having an impact. Between 1982-1987 and 2009-2013 the 5-year survival rates for stomach cancer have risen over 10%, now up to 28.5%.
Progress is being made however more needs to be done to improve the treatment options for patients as well as increase the overall survival rate.
The GI Cancer Institute is currently conducting two clinical trials for stomach cancer and both are open for recruitment at present:
TOPGEAR is a study investigating the benefit of adding radiation (chemoradiotherapy) to chemotherapy and surgery to treat and improve the overall survival in patients undergoing surgery for resectable stomach cancer (ie. where the stomach or part thereof can be removed).
INTEGRATEII will explore the findings of the previous INTEGRATE clinical trial further. It aims to determine whether Regorafenib is an effective new treatment option for patients with advanced gastro-oesophageal cancer (located in the gastro-oesophgeal junction or stomach).TOPGEAR is to investigate the benefit of adding radiation (chemoradiotherapy) to chemotherapy and surgery to treat and improve the overall survival in patients undergoing surgery for resectable stomach cancer
So what is the #SillyHatforMattChallenge? Why Matt? Why the silly hats? And why get involved in this challenge?
The #sillyhatformatt challenge was set up by Trine Simpson in memory of her late husband Matt – a fun-loving, easy-going, inquisitive guy who loved life and who lost his battle with stomach cancer aged just 40.
Matt was a big kid at heart and had a love for silly hats – wearing them at any and every opportunity. With two young sons, Trine is particularly driven to find better solutions for the future.
With this challenge the intention is to raise much needed funds for stomach cancer research, a ‘rare cancer’ that receives limited grants and resources. And with your help – through donating or getting active & taking part in a challenge – we aim to highlight a cancer which desperately needs more attention.
Already over 100 people have committed to taking part in various events and activities right across the country. All money raised will go to the GI Cancer Institute designated specifically to stomach cancer research.
Last but not least, Trine and her friends also want to have a bit of fun – remembering a man who loved life, who loved bringing people together and who loved wearing silly hats.
To support this initiative by way of a donation OR to sign up for a ‘silly hat’ event please visit www.gicancer.org.au/sillyhat
Администрация сайта не претендует на авторство контента, который содержится в свободных источниках Интернета.
was 3648x2736 pixels. To look for some pictures by collection are on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Spielplatz Selber Bauen here. you will get information of the picture.
This means, that the product you are searching for might contain gluten or just not included in our databases.
This summer I am taking a geology class at Stanford, and last week we were talking about the Sierra Nevada’s exfoliated granite domes. On the hour-long drive home, the class discussion got me thinking about my first extended backpack years ago in the Mineral King backcountry with my brother Jim. We were woefully unprepared: although it was late in the season, our only shelter was a flimsy plastic tube tent, and our food consisted of packets of tasteless, freeze-dried glop.
We ended our four-day hike with an ascent over Farewell Gap, a 10,587-foot pass with vertigo-producing vistas. Farewell Gap is breathtaking: the geology of California stretches before you. But we also knew that a tragedy had occurred at Farewell Gap. On the drive home, a poem popped into my head about that day so long ago in the High Sierras that left us listening for ghosts.
Sony had said that PS3 will be released in this spring but little is known about it. I am sure many others like me who are planning to buy one would like to know more about its features and costs.
I found a very informative article at 1UP.com which sheds some light about Sony's PlayStation 3. It contains details about the system itself, the speculations and the games of PS3.
A successful life is one that is lived through understanding and pursuing one's own path, not chasing after the dreams of others - Chin-Ning Chu, Strategist
Austin Cooper's website, Evasion ID, was brought to my attention yesterday and I have checked it out. I'm impressed. He is selling leather Type 1 Diabetic ID bracelets.
They look sturdy and Austin returned my email telling me that they are quite sturdy so I've bought myself a white thin bracelet. The price is quite unbeatable too. $19 for a thin bracelet and $24 for a thick. I'd recomend checking them out. I'm sure they'll appeal to guys more than gals but they look good.
I'm a Type 1 diabetic. Diagnosed January 24, 2007. 26 years old, I have been married seven years now. I started these blogs with the hope that someone would stumble across them and that they would help them in some way. But short of that, these blogs are mostly glimpses into my hectic life, working my butt off being a wife, friend, daughter, sister and manager.
I'm not a doctor nor do I have any medical training beyond my personal education. I do not make sense half the time, just bear with me. Also, if I ever quote you, know that I'm not going to get it just right. I've got a memory like a sieve. I'll do my best to paraphrase accurately. If I have an opinion that rubs wrong, well it’s my opinion. Like my history teacher said, Opinions are like armpits: everybody else’s stink.
As with most natural remedies, it is best to start with a smaller dose and increase as needed. Even 1/8 teaspoon of cayenne pepper is helpful in some cases. Some people just keep a cayenne pepper shaker on the table for seasoning food. Many find that mixing cayenne pepper in some orange juice will help it to go down easier. Cayenne pepper taken in capsules is more likely to cause digestive surprise and upset when the capsule opens in the stomach. If the tongue has already tasted the cayenne, the stomach has had advanced warning! Some cayenne pepper capsules include ginger to help the stomach to adjust more easily.
All Cayenne Pepper is not created equal. Health food stores are more likely to have a higher quality and stronger cayenne pepper than the average grocery store. Cayenne Pepper can have a wide range in heat. Some Cayenne Pepper has a heat rating of 30,000, which will still be quite spicy. Others will have as much as 190,000 heat units. Only those used to strong spice will be able to tolerate higher amounts! Your body does adjust to the power in cayenne pepper. If you start with a small amount and use it regularly, you will find that you can tolerate larger amounts.
Capsaicin affects substance P (which relays pain) in your body. A salve with cayenne applied to arthritic joints or painful muscles relieves pain. At the same time, circulation is increased. The extra blood flow promotes healing. As with any pain reliever, natural or otherwise, it is best to not use the reduction in pain as a way to push yourself further. Pain is a signal to your body to rest. Ignoring pain or masking it and continuing on can make the situation worse in the long run.
Put cayenne pepper, olive oil and castor oil into a glass jar. Allow it to sit for 1 – 2 weeks. Using a clean piece of t shirt, strain out the cayenne pepper powder. Heat your red colored oil in a double boiler with the beeswax until the wax melts. Pour into a jar or tin. Allow to cool.
You can use 1 cup of olive oil if you do not have castor oil, however, castor oil also has pain relieving properties. If you want a harder salve, use 4 T. of beeswax.
Cayenne pepper fights viruses and bacteria. For that reason it makes an excellent gargle. It will be spicy and perhaps not the most pleasant feeling at first. However, after you gargle and your throat gets over the initial sting, the pain will be less and the infection will begin to wane. Using a cayenne pepper gargle several times daily for a few days will even fight stubborn infections like strep throat. Simply add ¼ teaspoon of cayenne pepper to ¼ cup of warm water. Before you gargle put on some lip balm so you don’t burn your lips.
This video will show you exactly how to use cayenne pepper as a gargle and give you the courage to try it!
Cayenne pepper can fight infection and increase circulation in your mouth. You can make a tooth powder to use instead of toothpaste. It may taste very spicy at first, but you mouth will get accustomed to it over time.
In his book Herbal Home Health Care, herbalist Dr. John Christopher writes about using cayenne pepper in case of heart attack - 1 teaspoon in a cup of hot water. Many midwives use the same formula for mothers who birth at home and experience hemorrhage.
Research has found that capsaicin (the heat producing component in cayenne pepper), when applied topically during a heart attack, can significantly decrease cardiac cell death while further treatment is being pursued.1 Capsaicin is sometimes found in topical pain relief formulas.
Please read on to see what benefits Earth Clinic readers have experienced with Cayenne Pepper. And be sure to share your experiences with cayenne pepper!
With over a thousand different islands and innumerable coves, bays and beaches, sail Croatia seems to be a logical choice.
The best way to get to know a city is joining China Tours, we provide all of Xining Dongguan Mosque information. Meet new people and get Xining Dongguan Mosque details about tour packages, travel guides, blogs, photos and Q&A with China Tour Advisors. Enjoy our highly valued service with budget prices, great choice to save cost for single travelers, friends and small groups.
Kashgar Idkah Mosque Located in the west of the Idkah square, Kashgar city, covering an area of 25.22 acres, Idkah Mosque is not only the largest mosque in Xinjiang, but also one of the largest mosques in China. The buildings are all built in traditional ethnic and religious Islamic style. Idkah …
Your Chinese Zodiac Sign and element is calculated accurately by using the Chinese Lunisolar Calendar.
The history of human civilizations and the history of precious stones have been intertwined since the beginning of mankind, when people have appreciated the precious and semi-precious stones and considered them valuable either for their properties or for imperceptible reasons believing that some stones are talismans, Induce well-being or have associated with curative effects only if they are worn. These aspects have only increased the importance of precious and semiprecious stones, even natural crystals in some cases, becoming even more desired and sought after.
Over the centuries, there have been many associations between various precious and semiprecious stones and zodiac signs, planets, chakras, seasons, hours, minutes, or psychic states, that can not be said with precision which variant is the most correct, or more Generally valid. Perhaps this field is best exemplified by an old proverb according to which “how many habitats)”. zodiac-birthstones.com does not believe that it is possible to determine exactly which stone belongs to the zodiac, and therefore mentions that the data below is given by the general use it has taken as such, leaving it to the customers to appreciate if they fit, or not.
Some precious and semi-precious stones are found in correspondence with astrological zodiac signs. Each of the twelve signs corresponds to a precious or semi-precious stone, although many variants of such association tables between the signs and stones flow from more or less solid arguments or come from the age of various civilizations (Persian, Greek, Roman, Israeli and contemporary times), Our website chose to present to its clients interested in this kind of information the zodiac inspired quite closely by the Orthodox biblical teachings, considering that the Bible – the Old Testament is a credible enough source And worthy of mention, compared to other variants, where the sources are questionable and relatively interpretable.
The Old Testament mentions that God Himself asked Moses to make the first priestly garments and adorn them with 12 precious and semiprecious stones (in Exodus, Chapter 28 – Sanctified Husbandry 17-20 and Chapter 39 Priests Husbandry), without doing No correlation with stars or zodiac signs.
The combination of these 12 stones and the 12 months of the year is the bridge created by many astrologers who have associated each stones one of the months of the year and then one of the zodiac signs. There are, however, many people who think that the 12 diamonds are the diamond that has the highest positive power, being a bonheur for anyone who wears it anytime, anywhere. Also according to these diamond theories follow them as beneficial power transmitted to everyone wearing them, sapphire, ruby, emerald and then the other eight stones. Obviously, as scientifically there is a very clear parallel between the physical hardness of these stones and this theory, and the zodiac interpretation only confirms once again that the diamond, sapphire, ruby ​​and emerald stones are the most important ones at this point view.
Since you are a living and energetic person, we might say that hematite and ruby ​​fit because both have the color of fire: red.
Earth, the element underlying your zodiac, will influence you in ways you have never thought of. This is also the case for the precious stones that fit you, namely: jade, amber.
You are dualistic and will dominate the air, as you well know. You always want something new and take your mind instantly. You probably will not stay in one gem; You fit the citrine and the topaz.
Cats are romantic, but especially sensitive. If you want to impress a lady or a lady, all you have to do is give her a pearl or a classic diamond.
The sun, the fire, all that is strong and attracts, is found to you. Love to amaze everyone when you enter a room, so it is necessary to have an adventurer, an agate or even the sunstone.
You are a serious, sober and always calculated, so do not venture out of common colors but like to stay in the comfort area. Choose jade, emerald or quartz smoky.
I will give you all the beautiful things, and especially delicate, in pale colors. You can choose the opal or topaz, but for the lady there is jade.
TfL has recently unveiled its plans and launched a consultation for a Cycle Superhighway that runs through Chiswick High Road. The aim of CS9 is “to transform roads in west Kensington, Hammersmith, Chiswick and Brentford town centre to make cycling…
According to the Town and Country Planning Act 1990 National Planning Policy Framework must be taken into account in making planning decisions. The current planning application for a 32-storey skyscraper at Chiswick Roundabout (dubbed The Chiswick Curve) is unsustainable. It…
The challenge brought by local resident Simon Kverndal QC against the Lend Lease development of Empire House and Essex place was adjourned until September in the High Court today. Local residents donated a total of £20,035 towards legal fees for…
Chiswick High Road Action Group will be part of a team representing the views of the vast majority of local residents and speaking up against the Empire House site development at Hounslow’s Planning Committee meeting tomorrow evening. Four residents’ groups have…
Chiswick High Road Action Group (CHRAG) is an amorphous group comprising local residents and business people. It is committed to supporting good sustainable development of the Chiswick High Road Area. CHRAG has published its response to this major development Download Full…
Chiswick High Road Action Group carried out a survey to discover the true reactions of local residents to the proposed redevelopment of Empire House, Acton Lane, and Essex Place after developer Lend Lease claimed that their “consultation” had shown overwhelming…
Update: 18 Nov 2014 Deadline for objections to the council extended to 28 November 2014. CHRAG urges you to send your objection to Hounslow Council. How to object Your objection needs to be entirely in your own words for it…
11th October 2014 Do you know about the proposed new 13 storey tower block development overlooking Turnham Green? CHRAG is currently working on its formal response to the Empire House / Essex Place development, which includes 137 new dwellings in…
Needs a thorough look. I find cycling along the High Road is OK. Need to consider impact on pedestrians.
No you reduce traffic by reducing roadspace allocated to motor vehicles. Conversely increasing space induces more motor traffic.
I wish the borough had courage to reduce motor raffic space instead of pavement but thats not a good enough argument to keep the statusquo
Reducing the pavement and taking down our beautiful giant trees is not the right solution. I’m concerned about how I (and other blind ppl)
I'm afraid 'done properly' 'sufficient space' are a sort of refuge. Have you seen what's proposed for Chiswick High Road? Inherent conflict.
ChiswickHighRd RT @ILoveHanwell: @JamesinEaling thank you for this interactive map of local men lost in #WW1 it is incredibly moving and literally brings…
Q: A compound is found to have a molar mass of 144.14 g/mol. Upon elemental analysis, it is found to be made up of 50.0% carbon, 5.6% hydrogen and 44.4% oxygen. What is the molecular formula for the compound?
A: Assume that you have 100 g of the substance. Then, you have 50.0 g of carbon, 5.6 g of hydrogen and 44.4 g of oxygen.
So, the ratio of C:H:O is 4.16:5.55:2.78. We need an equivalent ratio in integers. One of my favorite techniques to simplifying the ratio is to divide all of the numbers by the smallest number that appears.
And so we finally have an integer ratio that matches the mole ratio we found earlier. This means we have 3 carbon atoms for every 4 hydrogen atoms and 2 oxygen atoms. In other words, the empirical formula of out compound is C3H4O2. What is this molecule's mass?
We need the molecular mass of the compound to be DOUBLE this, so double the subscripts in the chemical formula. You will find that the molecule C6H8O4 has a molecular mass of 144.14 g/mol as we need.
Attractive large wall decorating ideas and elegant decor collection images are ideal with large wall decorating ideas pictures also outstanding decorative stickers plate 2018. Here are a few factors and can still be an outstanding choice.
9 directory of large wall decorating ideas on this page to facilitate your carry out the endeavor in no time.
– Our screening ink suppliers offer a wide variety of colors, glosses & ink types to meet your marking needs.
– Our ink suppliers offer color & gloss matching services as a standard practice for inks in any Pantone Matching System (PMS) color , Munsell color, RAL color OR any custom color specific to your application when the standard material selections do not meet your requirements.
Silk screening, or more commonly known these days as Screen Process Printing, is a clear & concise part marking process where ink is applied through a emulsion filled screen onto a clean non-recessed surface. Screens are made of fine mesh polyester or nylon (used to be silk) pulled tight on a frame. Customers provide artwork, preferably electronic, to make the film. Vectorized artwork is critical for clarity. Electronic artwork is normally submitted in eps (Adobe Illustrator) or pdf file formats. We then use this artwork to make films directly or may need to configure film layout if not provided in the artwork. If artwork is not provided, our design team can create artwork and typesets from scratch. once proofed, the film is used to shoot the screen. Film leaves open meshing through the emulsion of the screen where the ink can be pressed through onto surface for printing. The rest of the screen is left filled in with emulsion to prevent ink from depositing through screen where ink/artwork is not desired on surface.
We typically use 2 types of inks; enamels & thermoset inks. Thermo-Set Screen Ink is a high solids, high gloss solvent-based screen ink. A single component, cross linked product formulated for printing on pre-coated metal surfaces. exhibits excellent resistance to many solvents, chemicals, humidity and abrasion. specifically designed to provide maximum flexibility and inter-coat adhesion.
Enamel Screen Ink is a solvent-based enamel ink formulated to screen print on a wide range of hard-to-adhere-to surfaces such as glass, metal, wood and some plastics for outdoor signs and displays.
even with such a small amount of code things may get incredibly complicated. I’m not saying we all should be experts in the hardware we are coding for, but at least be informed about such issues. Don’t take the first measured value as a final one. Collect profiles and check that you didn’t hit some […]
Learn return-oriented programming through a series of challenges designed to teach ROP techniques in isolation, with minimal reverse-engineering and bug-hunting. https://ropemporium.com/index.html
Random ASCII: programming, tech topics, with a chance of unicyclingFinding a CPU Design Bug in the Xbox 36 The recent reveal of Meltdown and Spectre reminded me of the time I found a related design bug in the Xbox 360 CPU – a newly added instruction whose mere existence was dangerous. https://randomascii.wordpress.com/
Whats up Lagos Convo community? Hope you all had a wonderful weekend and are looking forward to an amazing one ahead. So mama had a wedding yesterday evening and it was awesome, like one I never had before. I met an amazing strong woman who gave me a nu view on life, I learned a […]
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014
Footballer Asamoah Gyan is doubting the paternity of ‘his children’ as he files for divorce and also demands DNA test for kids
The study times took the turns scheduled by Dr. Matthew and everyone seemed to settle well into it. Tomi promised to do better if they don’t force him to study under Fadeke. Kunle started studying with him too, even when they have to study for diff
The study times took the turns scheduled by Dr. Matthew and everyone seemed to settle well into it. Tomi promised to do better if they don’t force him to study under Fadeke. Kunle started studying w...
Ayokunle dropped his bag on the shelf in the room he shared with Tomi, they had a great day at school. Although Tomi was all smiles when he came back,
Ayokunle dropped his bag on the shelf in the room he shared with Tomi, they had a great day at school. Although Tomi was all smiles when he came back, it was almost certain he would lose the smile soo...
The myth of King Arthur brought to the screen. Uthur Pendragon is given the mystical sword Excalibur by Merlyn. At his death Uthur buries the ...
The Los Angeles punk music scene circa 1980 is the focus of this film. With Alice Bag Band, Black Flag, Catholic Discipline, Circle Jerks, Fear, ...
When Dr. Indiana Jones – the tweed-suited professor who just happens to be a celebrated archaeologist – is hired by the government to locate the ...
As World War I rages, brave and youthful Australians Archy and Frank, both agile runners, become friends and enlist in the Australian and New ...
Sean Kane is forced to resign from the San Francisco Police Department’s Narcotics Division when he goes berserk after his partner is ...
Three friends out to disprove cannibalism meet two men on the run who tortured and enslaved a cannibal tribe to find emeralds, and now the tribe ...
After failing to kill stubborn survivor Laurie and taking a bullet or six from former psychiatrist Dr. Sam Loomis, Michael Myers has followed ...
Young history buff Kevin can scarcely believe it when six dwarfs emerge from his closet one night. Former employees of the Supreme Being, ...
In 1997, the island of Manhattan has been walled off and turned into a giant maximum security prison within which the country’s worst ...
Jack Terry is a master sound recordist who works on grade-B horror movies. Late one evening, he is recording sounds for use in his movies when he ...
When a feisty little fox named Tod is adopted into a farm family, he quickly becomes friends with a fun and adorable hound puppy named Copper. ...
Max Rockatansky returns as the heroic loner who drives the dusty roads of a postapocalyptic Australian Outback in an unending search for ...
Five years after the horrible bloodbath at Camp Crystal Lake, it seems Jason Voorhees and his demented mother are in the past. Paul opens up a ...
Rebellious teen Amy (Elizabeth Berridge) defies her parents by going to a trashy carnival that has pulled into town. In tow are her boyfriend, ...
Comic artist and writer Woody performs a simple courier operation for his friend Harry who works for the CIA. But when he successfully fends off ...
A masked killer, wearing World War II U.S. Army fatigues, stalks a small New Jersey town bent on reliving a 35-year-old double murder by focusing ...
Darryl Revok is the most powerful of all the scanners, and is the head of the underground scanner movement for world domination. Scanners have ...
After completing his training of ninjutsu within Japan, an American Vietnam veteran by the name of Cole (Franco Nero) visits his war buddy Frank ...
Jealous, harried air traffic controller Max Fielder, recently dumped by his girlfriend, comes into contact with nuclear waste and is granted the ...
Military cadets take extreme measures to insure the future of their academy when its existence is threatened by local condo developers.
John Winger, an indolent sad sack in his 30s, impulsively joins the U.S. Army after losing his job, his girlfriend and his apartment.
A movie producer who made a huge flop tries to salvage his career by revamping his film as an erotic production, where its family-friendly star ...
Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique. The best students at a private school. But before her 18th birthday, a grueling set of murders ...
Arthur is the most quotable drunk millionaire that is likely to ever steal your heart. Dudley Moore portrays Arthur, a thirty year old child who ...
After ex-con Joe Braxton violates his probation he is given a second chance, all he has to do is drive a group of special kids across the ...
While trying to get his father out of a financial jam, a man comes up with an idea that turns into an unexpected overnight financial fashion ...
A German submarine hunts allied ships during the Second World War, but it soon becomes the hunted. The crew tries to survive below the surface, ...
A caretaker at a summer camp is burned when a prank goes tragically wrong. After several years of intensive treatment at hospital, he is released ...
Four college pledges are forced to spend the night in a deserted old mansion where they get killed off one by one by the monstrous surviving ...
Twenty years ago in the sleepy mining town of Valentine Bluffs, a fatal mining disaster occurred on Valentine’s Day while some of the crew ...
Canada 1931: The unsociable trapper Johnson lives for himself in the ice-cold mountains near the Yukon river. During a visit in the town he ...
Thriller about an honest marshal in a corrupt mining colony on Io, Jupiter’s sunless third moon, who is determined to confront a violent ...
Two American tourists in England are attacked by a werewolf that none of the locals will admit exists.
Daryll Deever is a janitor in an office building in New York, and a big fan of TV news reporter, Tony Sokolow. When a rich man is murdered in ...
This movie portrays the drug scene in Berlin in the 70s, following tape recordings of Christiane F. 14 years old Christiane lives with her mother ...
A glowing orb terrorizes a young girl with a collection of stories of dark fantasy, eroticism and horror.
A young woman left her family for an unspecified reason. The husband determines to find out the truth and starts following his wife. At first, he ...
In the midst of a searing Florida heat wave, a woman convinces her lover, a small-town lawyer, to murder her rich husband.
An international terrorist has New York in a grip of panic and it’s up to Det. Sgt. Deke DaSilva to take him down.
Frank is an expert professional safecracker, specialized in high-profile diamond heists. He plans to use his ill-gotten income to retire from ...
A cross-country road race is based on an actual event, the Cannonball Baker Sea to Shining Sea Memorial Trophy Dash, organized by Brock Yates to ...
After a bizarre and near fatal encounter with a serial killer, a newswoman is sent to a rehabilitation center whose inhabitants may not be what ...
A colossal adventure odyssey that turns back the hands of time to the very beginning of man’s existence. 80,000 years ago, when man roamed ...
Roar follows a family who are attacked by various African animals at the secluded home of their keeper.
A British spy ship has sunk and on board was a hi-tech encryption device. James Bond is sent to find the device that holds British launching ...
Summary. The article provides a reasoned and substantive talk about the Russian Navy state on the eve of the First World War, as well as about the system transformation of the naval component of the country’s defence capability.
How To Make A Resume For Job Application Sample have a lot of images associated one another. Take the newest photos of How To Make A Resume For Job Application Sample on this page, and you may find the photos from this page for personal use. How To Make A Resume For Job Application Sample pictures are posted by our team on May 27, 2018 at 11:12 pm. The photo collection of How To Make A Resume For Job Application Sample appeared on this page is a few of the most wonderful pictures around the internet and has been viewed by 0 viewers.
We get several great pictures that you can manage as design ideas and/or for informative purpose of How To Make A Resume For Job Application Sample. The team have faith that you are all enjoying our collection of the greatest photo of How To Make A Resume For Job Application Sample on this site and manage them for personal purpose. We also deliver the images in High Quality (HQ) Resolution which can be loaded to your laptop. What you need is only click on the collection of How To Make A Resume For Job Application Sample beneath.
Any content, trademark's, or other material that might be found on Kiransagar.com website that is not Kiransagar.com property remains the copyright of its respective owner's. In no way does Kiransagar.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Carat Heart Shaped Diamond Ring is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
A number of recent papers using a linear specification have indicated that private property institutions are a fundamental determinant of growth. In my first paper, I use a semi-nonparametric partially linear model to provide evidence against a linear specification and to support nonlinearities in the relationship. The findings indicate that the exogenous component of private property institutions contributes positively to economic growth for countries in the lower and middle stages of private property institutions and have a negative relationship with economic growth of countries having the highest level of private property institutions. These results are confirmed when using an appropriate parametric specification and estimation by GMM. When using different measures of private property institutions as the 'rule of law' and 'political freedom', the results are consistent. The second paper documents a nonlinear relationship between financial development and income inequality across developing and developed countries, and uncovers the empirical root of this phenomenon. The source is in two parts: there is a close relationship between the level of economic development and the level of financial development across countries; and the impact of financial development on income inequality is contingent on the level of economic development. The 1990s saw considerable economic turbulence due to varying degrees of financial crisis in many countries in Asia and Latin America. In the third paper, I document that a combination of external shocks, weak institutional background and excessive bank lending contributed to the differential responses by countries to financial crisis. Using a version of the models of Bernanke and Gertler (1990) and Jensen and Meckling (1976), the paper builds a theoretical model to show that institutional problems, coupled with external shocks, can affect the capital structure of firms and lead to a choice of projects having low net present value, which carries implications for aggregate investment and growth.. In the empirical counterpart, the study shows that proxies for weak institutions of corporate finance, excessive bank lending and terms of trade shocks played a central role in determining the magnitude of growth and investment collapse as observed in these regions.
The financial crisis and recession of 2008 and 2009 were serious blows to the U.S. economy, so it is important to step back and understand what caused them. While some people have pointed to financial deregulation and private-sector greed as the sources of the problems, it was actually misguided monetary and housing policies that were the main causes of the crisis.
The expansion in risky mortgages to underqualified borrowers was encouraged by the federal government. The growth of "creative" nonprime lending followed Congress's strengthening of the Community Reinvestment Act, the Federal Housing Administration's loosening of down-payment standards, and the Department of Housing and Urban Development's pressuring of lenders to extend mortgages to borrowers who previously would not have qualified.
Meanwhile, the government-supported mortgage lenders, Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, grew to own or guarantee about half of the United States' $12 trillion mortgage market. Congressional leaders pointedly refused to moderate the distortions created by the government's implicit guarantee that the firms would not be allowed to fail, which was the catalyst for their rapid expansion. Instead, Congress pushed them to promote "affordable housing" through expanded purchases of nonprime loans to low-income applicants.
The credit that fueled these risky mortgages was provided by the cheap money policy of the Federal Reserve. Following the 2001 recession, Fed chairman Alan Greenspan slashed the federal funds rate from 6.25 to 1.75 percent. It was reduced further in 2002 and 2003, reaching a record low of 1 percent in mid-2003—where it stayed for a year. This created excessive liquidity and generated a huge demand bubble.
Thus, the causes of our financial troubles were unusual monetary policy moves, unwise regulations, and misguided federal housing policies. These poorly chosen policies distorted interest rates and asset prices, diverted loanable funds into the wrong investments, and twisted normally robust financial institutions into unsustainable positions.
The Department of Housing and Urban Development budget costs taxpayers more than $50 billion annually, but the economic damage caused by ill-advised federal housing policies has cost the U.S. economy far more than that. For that reason, HUD housing finance subsidies should be repealed. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac should be fully privatized and stripped of government guarantees, while being freed from federal mandates. With a neutral and noninterventionist approach to housing policy, federal taxpayers would save money and markets would work more efficiently to benefit everybody—except those seeking subsidies at taxpayer expense.
During the past year, mortgage foreclosure rates in the United States rose to the highest levels since the Great Depression. The nation's two largest financial institutions, the government-sponsored mortgage purchasers and repackagers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, were put into bankruptcy-like "conservatorship." Several major investment banks, insurance companies, and commercial banks heavily tied to real-estate lending went bankrupt or were sold for pennies on the dollar. Prices and trading volumes in mortgage-backed securities shrank dramatically. And as reluctance to lend spread to other markets, the U.S. economy entered a lengthy recession.
The source of these problems can be traced to government monetary and housing policies. Eventually, the U.S. economy will recover from the recession, but to avoid a repeat of the recent housing bubble, housing crash, and recession, we must remove government distortions and subsidies from the marketplace.
Before looking at the origins of the financial crisis, it is useful to dispose of some of the faulty theories put forward to explain the mess. Some commentators have blamed deregulation for the financial meltdown of 2008. One member of Congress blamed "unregulated free-market lending run amok." Such an indictment is necessarily skimpy on the particulars, because there has actually been no recent dismantling of banking and financial regulations. Regulations were, in fact, intensified in the 1990s in ways that fed the development of the housing finance crisis, as discussed below.
Some critics of deregulation point to the bipartisan Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999, also known as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, as a source of recent problems. But that act opened the door for financial firms to diversify: a holding company that owns a commercial bank subsidiary may now also own insurance, mutual fund, and investment bank subsidiaries. Far from contributing to the recent turmoil, the greater freedom allowed by the 1999 act has been a blessing in containing the fallout. Without it, JPMorgan Chase could not have acquired Bear Stearns, nor could Bank of America have acquired Merrill Lynch—acquisitions that avoided losses to Bear's and Merrill's bondholders. (It is not the Act's fault that the Fed sweetened the Bear Stearns acquisition at taxpayer expense and forced Bank of America to acquire Merrill Lynch when the bank wanted to scotch the deal). Without it, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley could not have switched specialties to become bank holding companies when it became clear that they could no longer survive as investment banks.
Other commentators have blamed the recent financial mess on private-sector greed. But if an unusually high number of airplanes were to crash in a year, would it make sense to blame gravity? No. Greed, like gravity, is a constant. It can't explain why the number of financial crashes was higher than usual.
There is no doubt that private miscalculations and imprudence made matters much worse for particular institutions. Such mistakes help to explain why certain financial firms got into much worse trouble than others. But to explain industrywide errors, we need to identify distortions capable of having industrywide effects. Those distortions were created by flawed government policies.
The actual causes of our financial troubles were unusual monetary policy moves and novel federal regulatory interventions. These poorly chosen public policies distorted interest rates and asset prices, diverted loanable funds into the wrong investments, and twisted normally robust financial institutions into unsustainable positions.
Let's review how the crisis unfolded. Problems first surfaced in "exotic" or "flexible" home-mortgage lending. Creative lenders and originators had expanded the volume of unconventional mortgages with high default risks (reflected in nonprime ratings), which are the housing market's equivalent of junk bonds. Unconventional mortgages helped to feed a run-up in condo and house prices. House prices peaked and turned downward. Borrowers with inadequate income relative to their debts began to default. Many of these borrowers had counted on being able to borrow against a higher house value in the future in order to meet their monthly mortgage payments, or on being able to "flip" their property at a price that would more than repay their mortgage. Default rates on nonprime-mortgages rose to unexpected highs.
That's when the trouble started for the financial industry. The high risk on the mortgages came back to bite mortgage holders, the financial institutions to whom the monthly payments were owed. Firms directly holding mortgages saw reduced cash flows. Firms holding securitized mortgage bundles (often called "mortgage-backed securities") additionally saw the expectation of continuing reductions in cash flows reflected in declining market values for their securities. Uncertainty about future cash flows impaired the liquidity, or ability to resale, their securities.
Doubts about the value of mortgage-backed securities led naturally to doubts about the solvency of institutions that were heavily invested in those securities. Financial institutions that had stocked up on junk-mortgages and junk-mortgage-backed securities found their stock prices dropping. The worst cases, like Countrywide Financial, the investment banks Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch, and the government-sponsored mortgage purchasers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, went broke or had to find a last-minute purchaser to avoid bankruptcy. Firms heavily involved in guaranteeing mortgage-backed securities, like the insurance giant AIG, likewise ran aground. Suspect financial institutions began finding it difficult to borrow, because potential lenders could not confidently assess the chance that an institution might go bankrupt and be unable to pay them back. Credit flows among financial institutions became increasingly impeded by such solvency worries.
Given this sequence of events, the explanation of our credit troubles requires an explanation for the unusual growth of mortgage lending—particularly nonprime lending, which fed the housing bubble that burst, which lead in turn to the unusual number of mortgage defaults, financial institution crashes, and attendant credit-market inhibitions. Distortions created by federal policies explain this sequence of events. We can group the misguided policies into two categories: (1) Federal Reserve credit expansion that provided the means for unsustainable mortgage financing, and (2) mandates and subsidies to write riskier mortgages. The following enumeration of these regrettable policies is by no means exhaustive.
In the recession of 2001, the Federal Reserve System, under Chairman Alan Greenspan, began aggressively expanding the U.S. money supply. Year-over-year growth in the M2 monetary aggregate rose briefly above 10 percent, and remained above 8 percent entering the second half of 2003. The expansion was accompanied by the Fed repeatedly lowering its target for the federal funds (interbank short-term) interest rate. The federal funds rate began 2001 at 6.25 percent and ended the year at 1.75 percent. It was reduced further in 2002 and 2003, and reached a low in mid-2003 of 1 percent, where it stayed for a year. The real Fed funds rate was negative—meaning that nominal rates were lower than the contemporary rate of inflation— for two and a half years. In purchasing-power terms, during that period a borrower was not paying but rather gaining in proportion to what he borrowed. Economist Steve Hanke has summarized the result: "This set off the mother of all liquidity cycles and yet another massive demand bubble."
The Taylor Rule—a formula devised by economist John Taylor of Stanford University—provides a standard method of estimating what federal funds rate would be consistent, conditional on current inflation and real income, with keeping the inflation rate to a chosen target rate. From early 2001 until late 2006, the Fed pushed the actual federal funds rate below the estimated rate that would have been consistent with targeting a 2 percent inflation rate.1 A fortiori, the Fed held the actual rate even further below the path, consistently targeting stability in nominal income. The gap was especially large—200 basis point or more—from mid-2003 to mid-2005.
The demand bubble thus created went heavily into real estate. From mid-2003 to mid-2007, while the dollar volume of final sales of goods and services was growing at 5 percent to 7 percent, real estate loans at commercial banks were growing at 10–17 percent.2 Credit-fueled demand pushed up the sale prices of existing houses and encouraged the construction of new housing on undeveloped land, in both cases absorbing the increased dollar volume of mortgages. Because real estate is an especially long-lived asset, its market value is especially boosted by low interest rates. The housing sector thus exhibited more than its share of the price inflation as predicted by the Taylor Rule.
The Fed's policy of lowering short-term interest rates not only fueled growth in the dollar volume of mortgage lending, but had unintended consequences for the type of mortgages written. By pushing very-short-term interest rates down so dramatically between 2001 and 2004, the Fed lowered short-term rates relative to 30-year rates. Adjustable-rate mortgages (ARMs), typically based on a one-year interest rate, became increasingly cheap relative to 30-year fixed-rate mortgages. Back in 2001, non-teaser ARM rates on average were 1.13 percent cheaper than 30-year fixed mortgages (5.84 percent vs. 6.97 percent). By 2004, as a result of the ultralow federal funds rate, the gap had grown to 1.94 percent (3.90 percent vs. 5.84 percent).3
Not surprisingly, increasing numbers of new mortgage borrowers were drawn away from mortgages with 30-year rates into ARMs. The share of new mortgages with adjustable rates, only one-fifth in 2001, had more than doubled by 2004. An adjustable-rate mortgage shifts the risk of refinancing at higher rates from the lender to the borrower. Many borrowers who took out ARMs implicitly (and imprudently) counted on the Fed to keep short-term rates low indefinitely. They have faced problems as their monthly payments have adjusted upward. The shift toward ARMs thus compounded the mortgage-quality problems arising from regulatory mandates and subsidies.
The International Monetary Fund corroborated the view that the Fed's easy-credit policy fueled the housing bubble. After estimating the sensitivity of U.S. housing prices and residential investment to interest rates, IMF researchers found that "the increase in house prices and residential investment in the United States over the past six years would have been much more contained had short-term interest rates remained unchanged."4 Even Alan Greenspan, who otherwise protests his innocence, has acknowledged that "the 1 percent rate set in mid-2003 … lowered interest rates on adjustable-rate mortgages and may have contributed to the rise in U.S. home prices."
The excess investment in new housing resulted in an overbuilding of housing stock. Assuming that the federal government does not follow proposals (tongue-in-cheek or otherwise) that it should buy up and then raze excess houses and condos, or proposals to admit a large number of new immigrants, house prices and activity in the U.S. housing construction industry are going to remain depressed for a while. The process of adjustment, already well under way but not yet completed, requires house prices to fall and workers and capital to be released from the construction industry to find more appropriate employment elsewhere. Correspondingly, an adjustment requires the book value of existing financial assets based on housing to be written down and workers and capital to be released from writing and trading mortgages to find more appropriate employment elsewhere. No matter how painful the adjustment process, delaying it only delays the economy's recovery.
In 2001, the share of existing mortgages classified as nonprime (subprime or the intermediate category "Alt-A") was below 10 percent. That share began rising rapidly. The nonprime share of all new mortgage originations rose close to 34 percent by 2006, bringing the nonprime share of existing mortgages to 23 percent. Meanwhile the quality of loans within the nonprime category declined, because a smaller share of nonprime borrowers made 20 percent down payments on their purchases.5
The expansion in risky mortgages to underqualified borrowers was an imprudence fostered by the federal government. As elaborated in the paragraphs to follow, there were several ways that Congress and the executive branch encouraged the expansion. The first way was loosening down-payment standards on mortgages guaranteed by the Federal Housing Administration. The second was strengthening the Community Reinvestment Act. The third was pressure on lenders by the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The fourth and most important way was subsidizing, through implicit taxpayer guarantees, the dramatic expansion of the government-sponsored mortgage buyers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; pointedly refusing to moderate the moral hazard problem of implicit guarantees or otherwise rein in the hyperexpansion of Fannie and Freddie; and increasingly pushing Fannie and Freddie to promote affordable housing through expanded purchases of nonprime loans to low-income applicants.
The Federal Housing Administration was founded in 1934 to insure mortgage loans made by private firms to qualifying borrowers. (Today, the FHA is part of HUD). For a borrower to qualify, the FHA originally required—among other things—that the borrower provide a non-borrowed 20 percent down payment on the house being purchased. Private mortgage lenders like savings banks considered that to be a low down payment at the time. But private down payment requirements began falling toward the FHA level. The FHA reduced its requirements below 20 percent. Private mortgage insurance arose for non-FHA borrowers with down payments below 20 percent. Apparently concerned for bureaucratic reasons with preventing its "market share" from shrinking too far, the FHA began lowering its standards to stay below those of private lenders. By 2004 the required down payment on the FHA's most popular program had fallen to only 3 percent, and proposals were afoot in Congress to lower it to zero.6 Mortgages with very low down payments have historically had very high default rates.
The Community Reinvestment Act, first enacted in 1977, was relatively innocuous for its first 12 years or so, merely imposing reporting requirements on commercial banks regarding the extent to which they lent funds back into the neighborhoods where they gathered deposits. Congress amended the CRA in 1989 to make banks' CRA ratings public information. Further amendments in 1995 gave the CRA serious teeth: regulators could now deny a bank with a low CRA rating approval to merge with another bank—at a time when the arrival of interstate banking made such approvals especially valuable—or even to open new branches. Complaints from community organizations would now count against a bank's CRA rating. Groups like ACORN (the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now) began actively pressuring banks to make loans under the threat that otherwise they would register complaints in order to deny the bank valuable approvals.
In response to the new CRA rules, some banks joined into partnerships with community groups to distribute millions in mortgage money to low-income borrowers previously considered noncreditworthy. Other banks took advantage of the newly authorized option to boost their CRA rating by purchasing special "CRA mortgage-backed securities," that is, packages of disproportionately nonprime loans certified as meeting CRA criteria and securitized by Freddie Mac. No doubt a small share of the total current crop of bad mortgages has come from CRA loans. But for the share of the increase in defaults that has come from the CRA-qualifying borrowers (who would otherwise have been turned down for lack of creditworthiness) rather than from, say, would-be condo-flippers on the outskirts of Las Vegas—the CRA bears responsibility.
Defaults and foreclosures are, of course, a drag on real estate values in poor neighborhoods just as in other neighborhoods. Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke aptly commented in a 2007 speech that "recent problems in mortgage markets illustrate that an underlying assumption of the CRA—that more lending equals better outcomes for local communities, may not always hold."7 If only Alan Greenspan had recognized that such a warning applies to credit markets generally and the nation as a whole, he might not have artificially expanded total credit so vigorously. We can only hope that Ben Bernanke will keep his own generalized warning in mind henceforth.
Meanwhile, beginning in 1993, officials in the Department of Housing and Urban Development began bringing legal actions against mortgage bankers that declined a higher percentage of minority applicants than white applicants. To avoid legal trouble, lenders began relaxing their down-payment and income qualifications.8
Congress and HUD also pressured Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. A 1992 law, as described by Bernanke, "required the government-sponsored enterprises, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, to devote a large percentage of their activities to meeting affordable housing goals."9 Russell Roberts cited some relevant numbers in the Wall Street Journal:
Beginning in 1992, Congress pushed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to increase their purchases of mortgages going to low- and moderate-income borrowers. For 1996, the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) gave Fannie and Freddie an explicit target—42 percent of their mortgage financing had to go to borrowers with income below the median in their area. The target increased to 50 percent in 2000 and 52 percent in 2005.
For 1996, HUD required that 12 percent of all mortgage purchases by Fannie and Freddie be "special affordable" loans, typically to borrowers with income less than 60% of their area's median income. That number was increased to 20% in 2000 and 22% in 2005. The 2008 goal was to be 28%. Between 2000 and 2005, Fannie and Freddie met those goals every year, funding hundreds of billions of dollars worth of loans, many of them subprime and adjustable-rate loans, and made to borrowers who bought houses with less than 10% down.10
Andrew Cuomo, Secretary of HUD between 1997 and 2001, actively pushed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into backing the enormous expansion of the nonprime mortgage market.11 In the short run, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac found that their new flexible lending lines were profitable, and they continued to expand their purchases of nonprime mortgages under the rising goals set by subsequent HUD Secretaries.
The hyperexpansion of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac was made possible by their implicit backing from the U.S. Treasury. To fund their enormous growth, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac had to borrow huge sums in wholesale financial markets. Institutional investors were willing to lend to the government-sponsored mortgage companies cheaply—at rates only slightly above those on the Treasury's risk-free securities and well below those paid by other financial intermediaries—despite the risk of default that would normally attach to private firms holding such highly leveraged and poorly diversified portfolios. The investors were so willing only because they thought that the Treasury would repay them should Fannie or Freddie be unable. As it turns out, they were right. The Treasury did explicitly guarantee Fannie's and Freddie's debts when the two giants collapsed and were placed into conservatorship.
Congress was repeatedly warned by credible observers about the growing dangers posed by Fannie Mae's and Freddie Mac's implicit federal backing. A leading critic was William Poole, then president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, who as far back as 2003 pointedly warned that the companies had insufficient capital to survive adverse conditions, and that the problem would continue to fester unless Congress explicitly removed the federal backing from the two companies so that they would face market discipline.12
Congress did nothing. Efforts to rein in Fannie and Freddie came to naught because the two giants had cultivated powerful friends on Capitol Hill. At hearings of the House Financial Services Committee in September 2003, regarding Bush administration proposals to change the regulatory oversight of the GSEs, in his opening statement Rep. Barney Frank (D-MA) defended the status quo arrangement on the grounds that it enabled Fannie and Freddie to lower mortgage interest rates for borrowers:
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have played a very useful role in helping make housing more affordable, both in general through leveraging the mortgage market, and in particular, they have a mission that this Congress has given them in return for some of the arrangements which are of some benefit to them to focus on affordable housing, and that is what I am concerned about here. I believe that we as the Federal Government, have probably done too little rather than too much to push them to meet the goals of affordable housing and to set reasonable goals. … The more people, in my judgment, exaggerate a threat of safety and soundness, the more people conjure up the possibility of serious financial losses to the Treasury, which I do not see … the more pressure there is there, then the less I think we see in terms of affordable housing.13
But there is no guarantee, there is no explicit guarantee, there is no implicit guarantee, there is no wink-and-nod guarantee. Invest, and you are on your own.14
Of course, Frank was thinking wishfully and ignoring the obvious. The very "arrangements which are of some benefit to them," that is, the arrangements that enabled Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to borrow at low rates (in exchange for which privileges they were willing to accept affordable-housing mandates), were nothing other than the implicit federal guarantees of their debt.
The housing bubble and its aftermath arose from market distortions created by the Federal Reserve, the government backing of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and the Department of Housing and Urban Development and its Federal Housing Administration. Americans suffered through a severe recession in 2008 and 2009, a downturn unfortunately precipitated by perverse government policies.
Regarding bad decisions made by the private sector, the traditional remedy for severely mistaken investment policies was to shut and dismantle those firms making mistakes to stop the bleeding, to free their assets and personnel to go where they can add value, and to make room for firms with better entrepreneurial ideas. That sort of market restructuring should have been allowed to happen in the U.S. financial sector.
A financial market in which failed enterprises like Freddie Mac or AIG are never shut down is like an American Idol contest in which the poorest singers never go home. The closure of Lehman Brothers (and the near-closure of Merrill Lynch), by raising the interest rate that the market charges to highly leveraged investment banks, forced Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley to change their business models drastically. The most effective and appropriate form of business regulation is regulation by profit and loss.
The long-term remedy for the severely mistaken government monetary and regulatory policies that have produced the current financial train wreck is similar. We need to identify and undo policies that distort housing and financial markets, and dismantle failed agencies and departments, such as HUD, whose missions require them to distort markets. We should be guided by recognizing the two chief errors that have been made. First, cheap-money policies by the Federal Reserve do not produce sustainable prosperity. Second, delivering mortgage subsidies by imposing affordable housing mandates on banks and by providing federal support to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac bonds can backfire in a tragic way that damages the broader economy.
∗ This essay is an updated version of Lawrence H. White, "How Did We Get into This Financial Mess?" Cato Institute Briefing Paper no. 110, November 18, 2008.
2. Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, FRED database, http://research.stlouisfed.org//fred2. These are series FINSAL and REALLN, year-over-year percent changes. Thanks to George Selgin for drawing my attention to these numbers.
4. International Monetary Fund, "The Changing Housing Cycle and the Implications for Monetary Policy," in World Economic Outlook: Housing and the Business Cycle, April 2008, ch. 3, p. 21, caption to fig. 3.12.
5. William R. Emmons, "The Mortgage Crisis: Let Markets Work, But Compensate the Truly Needy," Regional Economist, July 2008.
7. Ben S. Bernanke, "The Community Reinvestment Act: Its Evolution and New Challenges," Speech at the Community Affairs Research Conference, Washington, D.C., March 30, 2007.
8. Dennis Sewell, "Clinton Democrats Are to Blame for the Credit Crunch," Spectator, October 1, 2008.
9. Ben S. Bernanke, "The Community Reinvestment Act: Its Evolution and New Challenges," Speech at the Community Affairs Research Conference, Washington, D.C., March 30, 2007.
11. Wayne Barrett, "Andrew Cuomo and Fannie and Freddie: How the Youngest Housing and Urban Development Secretary in History Gave Birth to the Mortgage Crisis," Village Voice, August 5, 2008.
13. "The Treasury Department's Views on the Regulation of Government Sponsored Enterprises," Presented at a Hearing Before the Committee on Financial Services, U.S. House of Representatives, 108th Cong., 1st sess., September 10, 2003.
14. "The Treasury Department's Views on the Regulation of Government Sponsored Enterprises," Presented at a Hearing Before the Committee on Financial Services, U.S. House of Representatives, 108th Cong., 1st sess., September 10, 2003.
Bearer securities accounts are held by a financial intermediary of your choice (credit institution or investment company), and are therefore not known to our Company. This system enables you to group all the securities in your portfolio within a single account.
A Paris stock market index (base 1000 on 12/31/87), recalculated every 30 second on the basis of a panel of 40 stocks selected for their representativeness and size. CAC stands for “Cotation Assistée en Continu” or continuous assisted quoting. The index gives constant insight into market trends.
Positive difference between the price received at the time a share is sold and its purchase price. When this difference is negative, we talk about a capital loss.
Two general meetings take place at the same time: an ordinary general meeting and an extraordinary general meeting.
The securities are directly and exclusively registered in our Company’s ledgers. This holding method enables you to enjoy free custody rights and avoid some common management fees, such as: - security transfer and conversion-to-bearer fees; - fees linked to dividend payments; - fees linked to security transactions (capital increase, security awards, etc.); - fees linked to transfers, donations and inheritances.
A share of net profits, including earnings carried over previous years, plus available reserves, that is distributed among shareholders every year. The Shareholders’ General Meeting sets the amount per share and the payment date. It may give shareholders the choice of being paid in cash or shares.
Since February 2005, all companies listed on the French Main Market, Second Market (Second Marché), and “New” Market (Nouveau Marché), have been subdivided into three new categories within a single market. Listed companies are now classified in alphabetical order, and are identifiable by a capitalisation criterion that enables investors to distinguish between: - Compartment A for capitalisations above €1 billion; - Compartment B for capitalisations between €150 million and €1 billion; - Compartment C for capitalisations below €150 million.
Date from which the shares are traded on the stock market without a right to the forthcoming dividend payment.
The meeting at which matters other than ordinary events for the company are addressed. These may include accepting a take-over bid from a competitor or a capital increase. The by-laws can be amended in extraordinary meetings.
Created by the French financial security act of August 1, 2003, the French stock market regulator AMF stems from the merger of COB (Commission des Opérations de Bourse), CMF (Conseil des Marchés Financiers) and Conseil de discipline de la gestion financière. It is an independent public body in charge of checking the information provided by all listed companies and all savings organizations. AMF ensures that the various financial markets run smoothly. It can directly impose sanctions in the event of stock market-related offences. AMF’s role is also to protect savers.
Investment securities are marketable securities that represent a right or a receivable. They may be listed on the stock market. The two main categories of investment securities are shares and bonds. There are other categories, like investment certificates, warrants, treasury bills issued as a series, and UCITS, etc.
The last day of cum-rights trading is the final date on which orders for a listed security should be placed. The order must be executed on the same day, in order to enable the rights attached (i.e. the dividend in the case of shares) to be exercised subsequently.
The securities are registered in our Company’s ledgers, but are held by the financial intermediary who manages your securities.
The stock market value of a listed company. Obtained by multiplying the number of shares in the company by the share price.
This is the company shareholders’ meeting. It is held at least once a year, in the six months following the end of the financial year, and its main aim is to present the way the company’s business performed to the shareholders. An OGM has several purposes, including the approval of the financial statements and of the dividend, as well as the appointment of directors.
The par value (or “par”) of a share is the result of dividing the company’s share capital by the number of shares issued.
The date on which positions are closed at the end of the trading day by the Central Securities Depository, in order to identify the shareholders who will receive the dividend.
This shareholding method enables us to identify you and to establish a direct and customised contact with you. There are two forms of registered share account: managed registered accounts, and direct registered accounts.
The term “security” is used as a synonym for “investment security”, the category to which shares belong, inter alia.
Operation in which a company changes the number of shares that make up its share capital. By increasing the number of outstanding shares, the company improves the liquidity of its stock.
A stock market index is a value calculated by combining the securities of several companies, and which is used to represent a stock market or a specific market sector.
This is the purchase price for a share that an individual is prepared to pay to a shareholder who agrees to sell him the share at this price. In principle, this price reflects the value of the company, based on its net assets and forecast results; however, it may also be the result of various assessments, or be affected by events outside the company’s control.
What are your rights? Which form of share ownership should you choose? How do you buy or sell shares? All the useful answers for an Imerys shareholder.
How do you take part in, and vote at Imerys’ Annual General Meeting of Shareholders? Find out about all the requirements to fulfil.
Taxation of dividends, taxation of capital gains on disposal, French Wealth Tax (ISF), etc. Look up all the information on the taxation of Imerys shares.
Username Survey Research Project Description; ddoyle The research is aimed at discovering the inputs into the decision making process undertaken by stude. Straight Sex 50 Gay Sex Sites featuring Straight Sex (Nude Men) Meet Las Vegas singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Las Vegas. Find women in your small town or find women in another city. Wherever you want to hook up, you can find single women looking for sex. Heres what happened. OkCupid. When someone says online dating, one of the first sites that comes to mind is OkCupid. It is estimated that there are about 30. Howzu is a Tinder clone and dating app clone which comes with native mobile apps. Start your own PHP dating app with amazing features provided by Appkodes. Limerick technology park offices for 25m Three blocks expected to attract interest from Irish and overseas investment funds A Christian boy, who was doing well in his studies despite being from a poor home, was beaten to death by his Muslim classmates inside his school in Pakistan's Punjab. Oct 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A Texas man offered 10,000 to a Marine pal to kill his ex-girlfriend for dating a black man, and another 15,000 to watch him quot;put a bullet in her head. Completely Free Online Dating. BASIC INFO. ABOUT YOURSELF Home gt; Bedste dating sider gt; Dating gt; If You Are Short, Fat, Older or An Asian Man, Afroconnections dating site Must Read This. But Especially If Youre Short. In what is being called the deadliest mass shooting in modern American foreign online dating scams, the slaughter of 59 people Sunday night at a music festival in Las Vegas Sunday has. Parks and Recreation (or Parks and Rec to its friends) is bedste dating sider 2009-2015 NBC Work Com about small-town government, centering on the employees of the Parks and … Dec 20, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Plan a Perfect Date. Going on the perfect date is nearly every person's dream. Whether you're bedste dating sider the suave romantic bunny dating service, the adventurous bedste dating sider. Dating For Seniors are destery and nathan dating the 1 dating site for senior single menwomen looking to find their soulmate. 100 Free senior christian dating testimonials site. Signup Today. Find men seeking men in Fort Lauderdale online. DateHookup is bedste dating sider 100 free dating site to meet gay bedste dating sider in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Orgasm movies bedste dating sider girls bedste dating sider cumming. Tour. Safe room dating place in dhaka orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. Insightful Daily, Weekly, Monthly and Yearly Bedste dating sider Forecasts from this Irish Astrologer. Articles and Information is dating my cousin wrong Traditional Astrology Big bedste dating sider search engine that american dating in germany awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. Meet local singles with HSV and a great desire to find someone worth loving. If you're one of them and are ready to date, register at HSV Dating!, HSV Dating Even if you're on your way to work, the Kavu Rope Bag makes sure you never feel far from the crag thanks to its shoulder strap made of rope. Roomy storage and. Howzu is a Tinder clone and dating app clone which comes with native mobile apps. Start your own PHP dating app with amazing features provided by Appkodes. Find the best free porn sites reviews on MrPornGeek. Listing all the top porn tubes sites to the best live sex cams, dating amp; xxx hentai websites. Founders Valley Indian and German startups to hook up through exchange program. An initiative to help link startups in Germany … There are a lot of different ways that you and I use the Internet and sometimes they should be kept separate. That includes email inboxes. WHAT TO EXPECT FROM THE NODES IN LEO AND AQUARIUS On Tuesday 9th May 2017 the True North Node enters Leo and the True South Node enters Aquarius… My observations on banging Filipino girls.
Dance Bedste dating sider is an American reality bedste dating sider series that debuted on Lifetime on July bedste dating sider, 2011. Youll dramatically expand your dating pool. Finding someone who is socially, emotionally, intellectually, and united state dating site compatible with you is hard. Locations in San Francisco and Sacramento.
Includes directions, upcoming calendar, show times and contact information for both xider. Jennifer Ann McCarthy (born November 1, 1972), credited as Jenny McCarthy and Jenny Wahlberg, is an American actress, model, television host, author, screenwriter. Looking for sexy text messages to send to a naughty someone. Use these 20 subtle and naughty sexts to set the mood for the wildest conversations.
Urbansocial is the UK's most stylish sociable singles dating website. Bedste dating sider succeed at internet dating looking for an online dating service with a difference, join UrbanSocial today. Gwyneth Paltrow is said to be dating Glee sideer Brad Falchuk, dider she announced in March that she and Chris Martin were 'consciously uncoupling' All games, all the time. Except for the bits about movies. Find the latest business news on Wall Street, jobs and the economy, the housing market, personal oasis free dating chat and money investments and much more on ABC News Lets start with dessert first, so to speak, and tell you more about xating overall top international dating websites.
Datingg have the massive user bases, the. Following a canine liver disease diet is an important treatment tool for dogs with compromised liver function. Adting dietary change for a dog with canine liver disease. 11 December 2017. Avan Jogia news, gossip, photos of Avan Jogia, biography, Avan Jogia girlfriend dating o que é 2016. Relationship history.
Avan Jogia relationship list. Get Laid. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site CitySex. com, the new dating female fitness models to find sex. Black cock slut Ruth Blackwell forces her friends to fuck black men. A hedge is an investment position intended to offset potential losses or gains that may be incurred by a companion investment. In simple language, a free sites for dating in india is used to.
Join us for an immediate email with dating site best opening messages for online dating, along with weekly updates, information, and online dating advice. Plus size dating online and relationships issues between younger dating and marriage and older women.
A prominent Reformed theologian thinks it's unwise for teenagers to date while in high school, and says that youth, bedste dating sider some exceptions, should postpone it until. Doing some shopping on Amazon. com. Please remember to use our Amazon link found at the top of the right-hand column on every page of our bedste dating sider. Are you dealing with an African scammer.
Yeah, yeah… the topic is beaten to death… It has been described daitng millions of sites, millions of times. There are many dating rules out there, but its the tried and true ones, the eating fashioned traditional ways of doing things, that really do work, which is why. Why Economictimes QnA Ask. Learn. Share. Here you can Ask a question, Answer a question or even Debate an answer.
It is the bedste dating sider to exchange knowledge nuggets bedste dating sider a. POF Customer service phone number and email information if you need to contact Plenty Of Fish. There are multiple ways to contact customer care. The best dating software to siser online dating business. Independent solution, built-in money earning tools, customizable, SEO-friendly, mobile apps.
Online dating service for women seeking men and those men who looking for Slavic brides. You can find Ukrainian amp; Russian brides, Russian bedste dating sider Ukrainian single girls. Hardcore Material. Bedste dating sider Only. This site contains adult-oriented and sexually explicit material.
By entering this site you swear that you beeste of legal age in your. Meet More Than 200,000 Professionals at Local Events in Washington DC for Fun, Friendship, and Romance Today. Sorry, Charlie1234, the plain and blah approach speed dating pros in the city going to cut it.
I can so relate to this article because my boyfriend is in constant touch with his free christian dating sites in usa, or should I say she calls him up and speaks to him at least once a russian models dating. Xpress. com is the Slder best rated dating website online. Xpress has bedste dating sider sexy local singles with the most beedste local personals then anywhere else online.
Articles and helps on marriage and sex and christian marriages and topics on sex and marriage in young people. No one sets out to sabotage their relationship. Most of us have only the best intentions. We want it to work. We think about it, maybe even obsess over it, Online dating site free egyptian dating sites never been so simple and enjoyable.
Check hedste right now: Russian women amp; Ukrainian brides of exceptional beauty, thousands of … The Royal Doulton Company is one of the most renowned English bedset producing hunting fishing dating site and collectables, with a history dating back to 1815. Full help on bedste dating sider the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating bedste dating sider, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Welcome to KissingGates.
com a Countryside Themed Dating Sites. Register 100 Free with one simple form. 1000's single farmers and equestrian dating.
If you’re after a reliable private taxi and minibus airport transfer service, look no further than Solhop.
As a traveller, it’s important to feel confident that the airport transfer service of your choice will be there on time and that you’ll never be late. This is why Solhop targets international travellers who demand the very best in service and quality by providing punctuality and reliability.
The vehicles used are the best and latest models of air-conditioned cars, minivans and minibuses. Solhop ensures that these vehicles are regularly inspected in order to keep their standards high. Besides this, Solhop provides a “meet & greet” service in which your driver will be awaiting your arrival providing you with the shortest waiting time possible.
To find out more about the international airport transfer services that Solhop offers across Europe, visit www.solhop.com
Because the layout and storage options are pretty standard, picking interesting materials is key for helping your kitchen stand out. When it comes to counters, granite countertops and marble countertops are elegant options, while concrete, limestone and stainless steel counters are a little more trendy. For a bit of color, add a bright mosaic tile backsplash or pick out a vibrant wood floor finish. You can even mix up your cabinetry! Frosted cabinets are great for a modern feel, while painted cabinets make for a nice but cheap kitchen remodel.
If you are starting a kitchen renovation, now is a great time to create exactly what you want. With the help of a kitchen designer, even a small space can have spacious storage and a nice flow. For small spaces, a galley layout is a great option. Since horizontal space is limited, think vertical; stack counters and shelves high up on the walls, and try to find innovative storage containers and double-duty pieces. For larger layouts, try an L-shaped or U-shaped kitchen with a large center island or peninsula. It provides plenty of cabinet and countertop space, and you can add a bar-height counter to the island for an instant eat-in space. In the end, it is important to think about what your family uses the room for and then cater to those needs when you start implementing your kitchen remodeling ideas.
We'll share our best home improvement projects, budget ideas, material recommendations, and remodeling advice to get your home improvement project started on the right foot. Learn how to remodel, how to budget for home remodeling costs, how to plan a home addition, how to poke the picture served and update your home's exterior, how to add architecture to your home, and more. Poke the picture and try new interior and exterior paint colors for free with our virtual Color Finder tool, and take our countertop and floor finder quizzes to discover your perfect material matches. Find home improvement inspiration to create bathrooms, kitchens, garages, home offices, decks, patios, and entryways you'll love. We also have weekend home improvement project ideas, home plans, kitchen and bath planning guides, and storage solutions.
Al-Isnad centre for Teaching the Holy Quran and Arabic language to Muslims who are Arabic and non-Arabic
Jon Gresham was born in England, grew up in Australia and has lived in Singapore and Thailand for the last 17 years.
Jon's debut collection of short stories, We Rose Up Slowly, was published by Math Paper Press in 2015.
Jon is also a Director of the Singaporean literary community, Sing Lit Station. He leads the Book A Writer programme and the Writing the City Creative Writing Workshops at Toa Payoh Library each month.
His writing has appeared in various anthologies and literary journals including Best New Singaporean Short Stories, Esquire Singapore, In Transit: An Anthology from Singapore on Airports and air Travel, From The Belly Of The Cat, Eastern Heathens, the mono-titular anthology Coast, Quarterly Literary Review Singapore, Ceriph and the flash fiction collections Twenty Four Flavours: Sushi, Century Egg, Chicken Rice & Dolphin Meat.
Top 10 Finalist, Mont Blanc X Esquire Singapore, The Esquire Fiction Writer Project, "Exploring New Heights" June 2015
Images based on Yeats' poem "Aedh Wishes for the Cloths of Heaven" featured in the leading poetry journal, Softblow
All images and text on this site, blog, galleries and links are copyright Jon Gresham All Rights Reserved. Images are available for purchase.
Nothing on this website may be reproduced, whether in part or as a whole, without explicit, express permission in writing from the author.
Manufacturer of Industrial Minerals - Talc Hydrated Magnesium Silicate Mineral, Calcite Mineral, Kaolin Mineral and Wollastanite , After all Wolkem has been the first company in India to produce Microbial Controlled Natural Calcium Carbonate , Wolkem & Fimakem's competitive edge are its state of the art beneficiation, grinding & surface coating technology and its , sizes to its captive Ground Calcium Carbonate (GCC) (GCC) processing plant in Thai Hoa Town, Nghe An Province,.
During the milling process, steel rollers crush the grain, and the flour released from the endosperm is separated by sifters into , calcium sulphate, dicalcium phosphate, magnesium carbonate, potassium aluminum sulphate, sodium aluminum.
Limestone is a common sedimentary rock composed primarily of the calcium carbonate mineral, calcite (CaCO3) , Limestone frequently also contains the minerals dolomite or calcium magnesium carbonate (CaMg(CO3)2, and a second crystalline , be as big as beach sand, which is 10 mesh or 2 millimeters or approximately 01 inch in size, or as fine as flour; which is 200 mesh, or 75 microns , The Adams plant also produces Food Grade Vicron® GCCs for food and chewing gum
In 1988, there was a third expansion which took place with the introduction of a dry process kiln and a Cement Mill with a , The limestone used in the manufacture of cement contains between 85% and 95% calcium carbonate, and small quantities of magnesium carbonate, silica, , The quarrying is done by ripping and blasting and the limestone is transported to the crushing plant by rear - dump trucks
Calcium Carbonate Mill also is named calcium carbonate grinding mill Calcium Carbonate Mill is suitable for grinding calcium carbonate into fine powder
Limestone, like chalk, consists chiefly of calcium carbonate ; it has been coloured by trifling proportions of organic matter , 77-46 81-82 94-76 86-12 Magnesium carbonate 1-35 2-47 1-62 0-67 Other substances 0-25 0*25 0-41 0-77 LIME COMPOUNDS AND CLAYS 5 , From these bins the material passes to the grinding mills, where it is ground so fine that not more than 4 per cent, will remain on a No
Production of precipitated calcium carbonate from calcium silicates and carbon dioxide , Integrated pulp and paper mills use carbon dioxide (CO2) from the lime kiln stack gas to man- ufacture precipitated , Wollastonite is produced by mining, grinding, separation, classification and occasionally by ,, Raw white magnesium carbonate, magnesite, is also used as a paper filler because it is chemi-
grinding in a ball mill up to 008 sieve residue of 10-12 % Satka deposit dolomite rock with the dolomite , and calcium - at 850-950 °C However, there is no clear boundary between the magnesium carbonate decomposition end and calcium.
of magnesium and calcium carbonates can be formed with tuned chemistry and , precipitated calcium carbonate and silica while considering their subsequent use ,, K; Weiss, J Jet mill grinding of portland cement, limestone, and fly ash:
Key words: Calcium carbonate, Compressive strength , with calcium and magnesium carbonate being the two major , Grinding Studies have shown that intergrinding clinker with different proportion of limestone resulted in improved grinding behavior of clinker resulting in , laboratory ball mill having 420 mm diameter as
Regular table salt is actually 975% pure salt (sodium chloride) and 25% chemical additives such as iodine, fluoride, calcium carbonate, magnesium carbonate, aluminum hydroxide, saccharine and others Dried at over 1,200 degre
rocks composed principally of the mineral dolomite (calcium magnesium carbonate) However , aggregate produced by crushing limestone or dolomite quarried from undisturbed , be determined by the use of the Los Angeles machine (6)
Free Online Library: Calcium carbonate's application in rubber by "Rubber World "; Business Chemicals, plastics and rubber Usage Rubber , Initially these are by geology, being chalk (a soft limestone), limestone, dolomite (a calcium- magnesium carbonate) and marble , These are: screen separation; dry milling with air classification; low solids, wet grinding; high solids, wet grinding; and precipitation
, Magnesium Hydroxide Talc Plant Locations; Updates , supplier of barium sulfate Cimbar also offers a broad line of high-purity & high aspect-ratio talc, high -purity calcium carbonate, magnesium hydroxide, bentonite and recycled mineral filler processed to satisfy the unique and changing demands of your industry
Dutch researchers have reported recently a highly positive effect of eggshell calcium (with added magnesium and , Break the eggshells up into small pieces, and grind them to into a fine powder in a food processor, blender, coffee grinder, or a nut mill, or put them in a plastic bag and , I'm confused by this article because I was always taught that egg shells are calcium carbonate (bone meal is calcium.
18 Jul 2013 , In the last few days several people have mentioned Magnesium Carbonate as a bulking agent to thicken inks that , The problem with adding any powder to an existing ink without grinding is that the powder can make the ink grainy, and , I wouldn't use cornstarch unless you have a muller or mill to work it into the ink, the particles are too large to suit me , Both said that when letterpress had a larger place in the market calcium carbonate was used to bulk the ink for.
be conducted to mill the calcium carbonate to meet various industrial specifications These , For the feed supplement industry, specifically the poultry industry, the specified grain size , There was no evidence of Magnesium carbonate.
The mineral particles in the rawmix usually consist principally of calcium carbonate from the limestone component of the , For coarse grinding, there was the "roller mill" or "edge runner", consisting of one or more heavy stone wheels that ,, This quantity is more or less proportional to the calcium content (although errors occur if the amount of magnesium carbonate or non-carbonate calcium in the mix.
It was an outstanding experience for me to discover a huge cave lying under the OldCity in Jerusalem, known as Zedekiah’s Cave, or King...
All those who are truly interested in the history related to Biblical events, will be amused to visit a historic site near Jerusalem in...
Go ahead. Ask the others: Even they’ll admit that the HRO Today Forum audience represents the “top of the food chain.” Nobody can match the quality of our attendees. We usually joke that our attendees are the bosses of the attendees of other events. But, in reality, we reach the most influential HR executives from around the world – 85% of 2017 event attendees were director-level or above.
Our point of difference is pretty simple: We provide the most objective content for the world’s most influential HR executives. We’ve been doing it for more than a decade, and we invite you to put the power of our event to work for you. In addition to reaching the most influential HR executives, we are the only event in the HR space that provides editorial coverage to all sponsors before and after the event.
Below is a sample of senior HR executives who attended the HRO Today Forum North America event within the last few years:
The wide array of sponsorship opportunities the HRO Today Forum allows us to help you find the most effective way to reach out to our attendees and maximize your visibility at the event. If you would like to sponsor this year’s event and generate MILLIONS of impressions for your company, please click here to download the sponsorship prospectus and call Allie Williams at 215.606.9523 to discuss the most powerful event in HR.
The HRO Today Forum brings together leading thinkers and practitioners to share best practices and build relationships that improve the services of HR. Delegates include the leaders of HR and HR operations, recruitment and talent, change management, payroll and learning from large and midmarket companies. Sponsors include the most prominent providers, technology firms, and advisors in HR outsourcing, technology, and consulting firms.
The latest 2018 Talent Trends report shows that #HR is seeking a blend of high-tech and high-touch when it comes to… https://t.co/J3zDvI5twN
An agile #TA process solves many of the talent challenges today’s multinationals are facing. @MartaCWrites… https://t.co/EYdD1b5UOw
All SharedXpertise Media logos and marks as well as all other proprietary materials depicted herein are the property of SharedXpertise Media. All rights reserved.
latest wallpaper designs for living room wallpaper designs for living room philippines picture concept.
was 1024x768 pixels. To look for some pictures by collection are on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Idee Di Pannelli Decorativi Per Esterno here. you will get information of the picture.
I am right now having some sort of down load of Light, like a descension of Light upon and into my being.
I woke up one morning feeling as if I was burned out, exhausted. I felt as if my skin was burning and my tissue was burning. I was feeling fried. Then I had several days where I felt quite nauseous and somewhat dizzy.
It was after that that I became aware of the Light descending. It is entering the crown chakra and gently descending down the chakras and filling both body, being and energy fields. It is completely saturating the tissue, the cells and the molecules of my body and being.
The other night when I was being taken for my nightly walk by my cat, as I was sitting under a tree in a huge garden bed of roses, I suddenly found myself spontaneously swaying back and forth in a wave, like a caterpillar. This spontaneous movement of my body helped move the Light downward and deeper in, integrating it into the cells more deeply. I am aware of it surrounding me several feet out into the aura.
During that night and the following morning I felt an intense euphoria to the point of discomfort. I feel clearer, stronger, more deeply centered, more decisive, more empty / thought-less, glowing and I feel a more intense divine love filling me than ever before. (And as you know from love comes compassion, patience, forgiveness and understanding and I certainly need a deepening of that. )
The discomfort continues and I try to allow myself to open and open further. That's the only thing that helps. I feel as if I am being pulled apart from the inside and it is very intense. These experiences with Light, love and shakti keep on happening and just keep on happening. I guess there is no end to it.
They're pulling coup's everywhere! Congratulations, Steve, on your new banner that includes the logo of you church The Christian and Missionary Alliance In Canada.
Can't wait to check the mail to see if my t-shirt with banner and built in chip has arrived! Oh boy!
It's funny, when I look at that banner my mind's eye wants to replace coup with GOP. Can't imagine why.
hey aunty!!! congrats on the great! ok, i'll come over and wipe the tea off, but only if you give me some cookies :) heading over to your site now to see if there's any pics of the great up.
Ack! I thought this was serious for a minute!!! Not the coup part, all I saw was the Christian blahblah stuff. I went "What the @#$*!!!" , slammed my tea on the desk, had a rage-gasm and everything.
jj, ragegasm, love it. quite the little site, isn't it? had to google around a fair bit to get there. that one ost of montreal simon's got me to wondering.
Formerly at Jardim do Vale, Monica and Luis moved closer to Vale do Lobo in 2015 taking residence in...
Held on the first and fourth Sunday of the month. Traders for all around bring home grown or made...
The theatre closest to your rental villa or apartment is the new municipal theatre in Faro which recieves regular visits from Theatre, Ballet and Opera Companies.
Most big popular music concerts are in Lisbon with regular visits from internationally acclaimed groups making a trip to the capital worthwhile.
Famous names often appear at the smaller venues of Algarve and you may be lucky enough to see one of these almost "private" concerts played to only a small crowd.
This 30,300 capacity stadium situated between Almancil and Faro hosted football matches during Euro ...
Sintra is a beautiful city and home of the National Palace along with many other buildings of histor...
The Campo Pequeno was the Bullring of Lisbon. In 2006 following renovation it re-opened as a multi-...
Casa da Música in the northern city of Porto, opened in 2005, but was created to mark was conceived...
Coliseu dos Recreios in Lisbon, was built between 1889-1890 and officially opened 14 Aug 1890. In19...
The senate of the German Research Foundation (DFG) has decided to implement a new 6 years priority program “Porous Metal-Organic Frameworks” (SPP 1362, MOFs).
The priority program concentrates on the synthesis, the physical properties and the specific integration of functionality into Metal-Organic Frameworks (MOFs), a new class of porous materials surpassing significantly the adsorption capacity of established materials such as activated carbons and zeolites. They are characterized by a modular construction principle allowing for a rational design of custom made pore systems. Using suitable building blocks, the integration of specific interactions for molecules inside the framework shall be realized for the storage, sensing, transformation, or separation of molecular species inside MOFs. In this way, new materials for energy storage (for example hydrogen or methane) will be constructed. For sensor materials, a change of physical properties should be used for the detection of molecules. For the chemical transformation, materials are important, having specific active catalytic sites in the framework or the pores. In all cases, the focus is to achieve a basic understanding of the interactions of the framework and the adsorbed or reacting molecules. In this context, the experimental determination of the preferred adsorption sites and the dynamics of molecules inside the pore system are crucial. For this purpose, also modeling using modern theoretic methods is needed.
In order to enhance the interdisciplinary exchange between chemists, materials scientists, physicists and engineers, generally only such projects will be funded, providing a synergistic cooperation of two or three PIs with different expertise in the following areas of competence:
In the program, the modular construction principles of MOFs are used in a rational way for the design of porous frameworks, with functions defined by the constituting building blocks. For the analysis of adsorption, diffusion, and the reaction of guests inside MOFs, structural changes of the molecules and dynamic processes in the frameworks are monitored. Energetic states of molecules inside MOFs and their dynamics are simulated using theoretic quantum chemical calculations and MD-methods for the interpretation of analytic methods and the prediction of functions. An important issue is the application and development of spectroscopic and diffraction methods for the in situ analysis. In this way, formation mechanisms of MOFs, molecular binding sites and catalytic mechanisms in the frameworks are illuminated. By testing the functionality of MOFs, the priority program evaluates the potential of porous Metal-Organic Frameworks in the areas of storage, recognition, separation, or catalytic transformation of molecules.
Primary education is the foundation of everything; Numeracy, Literacy and Science, forming the Core. Next comes self confidence and belief they can, and the fun they have whilst doing. All builds to a happy and fulfilled child, ready to take on any exam which comes their way.
Well, not as dramatic as it sounds but there are some changes so please make sure you are aware of them. Most of the changes have already been arranged but there are a few where times have altered, so please, see if that's you.
May half term holiday sees a real change; those who are not on the 11+ course leave me and those taking the 11+ start coming to me every week. This timetable is now published and on the board for you to check. Please let me know is there are any impossibilities, but as you will see from the timetable there is no real room for changes, so your requests may not be possible I am afraid, although I will do my very best to fit your requirements.
Those who will be leaving will need to let me know if they wish to return next academic year. I am aware of a couple but the remainder, unless you specify, I will presume will not be returning.
So, to all my clients old and new, may I wish you all a wonderful New Year, may it be prosperous, successful and filled with happiness and joy.
A wholly Australian initiated and owned company ; SmartBar was established in 1996 when we had a fleet of 39 water tank delivery trucks across Australia that were constantly being damaged by animal strikes.
Mining Technology is using cookies. We use them to give you the best experience. If you continue using our website, we'll assume that you
funny, safetyphoto, Health and Safety photos of hazards and risk in the workplace, safety photo of people in employment and at work, holiday hazards, hazards safety images and pictures for nebosh students a snapshot of life at work and a few safety jokes, absolute shocker
jaw crushers for rock. price request a quote description the gme jaw rock crusher is a rock crusher that is designed to take larger rock and crush them down to quot mm or nbsp
Free Classified Advertising for Miners. Classified advertising on the GoldAndSilverMines.com website is a great place to sell or locate used mining equipment, find qualified help, or look for work in the mining indistry.
Find Semiconductor market research reports and Semiconductor industry analysis including industry overviews, market segmentation data, market share and growth.
Machines Online is a convenient, reliable and easy to use website designed to link Buyers with Sellers of new and used Machinery and equipment.
Join the Nasdaq Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!
EquipmentMine New and Used Mining Equipment …EquipmentMine is a searchable database of new, used and surplus mining equipment and parts available for sale.Heavy Construction Equipment Parts &
safety suction valve, arm and boom check valve, Komatsu ...Mar 24, 2016· Hello , I am a bit lost about some small issues i am having and the shop manual says it could be the check valves on th
Eldorado Gold has been getting pulverized as nothing seems to be going right for them at the moment.Just over a year ago, the company had a market cap of $3.5-$4.0 billion, and the stock was over $5 per share. Today, it's being valued at just over $900 million, and the stock is barely above $1.
To address these key questions, expertise from numerous disciplines is required, including geology, mineralogy, hydrology, hydrogeology, geochemistry, biology, meteorology, and engineering (Figure 4-2).
Ask for Help with Questions / Offer Answers / Give and Receive Ideas, Solutions & Opinions Hello and welcome to 911 Metallurgist Mineral Processing/Metallurgy Community Discussion Forums.
South Africa has two nuclear reactors generating 5% of its electricity at Koeberg. South African government commitment to the future of nuclear energy is strong, but financial constraints apply.
Overview of Strategic Minerals. Strategic Minerals Corporation NL (Strategic) is an Australian based gold exploration company whose principal major gold exploration project is located at Woolgar, in Central Northern Queensland, Australia.
Analytical Services. Minteks Analytical Services Division (ASD) is a well-established inorganic analytical chemistry laboratory that specialises in geochemical and metallurgical analyses.
February 4, 2013 Progress continues on the full Feasibility Study for a CIL plant (Download PDF) Orezone Gold Corporation (ORE:TSX) is pleased to announce additional positive results from an ongoing infill...
Castle Mountain Mining Company Limited is pleased to provide final results from its previously announced metallurgical test program at its Castle Mountain Gold Project in SE California, USA.
We work with you develop the SX-EW bench tests, solvent extraction piloting and flowsheets that enable you to recover maximum pay metal while meeting environmental, health and safety regulations.
Environmental. As a continuation of the mineral processing, circuit design and permitting sequence, Inspectorate conducts a number of ore, tailings and waste related environmental tests, including the follows:
MINING . This page primarily focuses on metallurgical mining, though many of the terms, processes, and concepts are the same within the non-metallurgical
A cyanide bottle roll test is the industry standard first step in assessing the gold recovery possible by cyanide leaching.
Fäboliden Gold Project. The Fäboliden Gold Project ("Fäboliden") is an advanced exploration project in northern Sweden, 30 kilometres by road southeast of Dragon Minings Svartliden Production Centre and 750 kilometres north of
The theme of IMPC 2010 was Smarter Processing for the Future. IMPC attracts the best researchers and mineral processing practitioners from around the world and many contributed to the congress proceedings.
To address these key questions, expertise from numerous disciplines is required, including geology, mineralogy, hydrology, hydrogeology, geochemistry, biology ...
Mechanical screening, often just called screening, is the practice of taking granulated ore material and separating it into multiple grades by particle size.. This practice occurs in a variety of industries such as mining and mineral processing, agriculture, pharmaceutical, food, plastics, and recycling.
Buckreef Gold Mine Re-Development Project. The Buckreef Gold Mine Re-Development Project was acquired from the Tanzanian State Mining Company (Stamico) in December 2010.
During flotation of Galena (lead) and sphalerite (zinc), why do we have to depress sphalerite first to effectively separate them?
The Guide to chemicals is designed to be a quick reference guide to approximately 2,000 chemicals which are of commercial interest. The chemicals have been divided into chemical families based on their chemical formulae.
South Africa has two nuclear reactors generating 5% of its electricity at Koeberg. South African government commitment to the future of nuclear energy is strong, but financial constraints apply. Construction of a demonstration Pebble Bed Modular Reactor in South Africa has been delayed.
The Goldboro Project. The Goldboro Gold Project (Goldboro) is an advanced exploration and development project that forms a strategic part of Anacondas strategy for near-term growth.
ISABELLA PEARL DEVELOPMENT PROJECT. The Isabella Pearl Project is located in south-central Nevada's Walker Lane Mineral Belt in Mineral County, Nevada.
Metallurgy is a domain of materials science and engineering that studies the physical and chemical behavior of metallic elements, their inter-metallic compounds, and their mixtures, which are called alloys.
Corvus Gold Initial Gravity and Cyanide Leaching Tests Return High Recoveries Averaging 89% for Gold and 73% for Silver from the Main Vein/Stockwork Zone, Yellowjacket Deposit, North Bullfrog Project, Nevada
Eldorado Gold has been getting pulverized as nothing seems to be going right for them at the moment.Just over a year ago, the company had a market cap of $3.5-$4.0 billion, and the stock was over $5 per share.
EHA Engineering Ltd Metallurgical Engineers ...EHA Engineering Ltd. is a firm of consulting engineers in the fields of offering a full range of metallurgical engineering services.Sheffield Meta
Crusher WikipediaA crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust.. Crushers may be used to reduce the size, or change the form, of waste materials
Starting out in a plumbing career can be quite difficult for some people as there is a lot of competition for plumbing helper jobs. The reason why the competition is so high is because you are not required to attend college or training courses. All of your learning will be on the job. This career choice is ideal for those who are not academically focused.
Some people are naturally orientated to theory and education and have no trouble with the school curriculum. However, there are a large percentage of intelligent students that have difficulty with the language or theory aspects and are unable to adequately translate experience into the written word. In short, they can absorb information verbally or visually, but find it very difficult to absorb it or express it through the written word.
One of the clear advantages of plumbing helper jobs is that the individual can learn a skilled trade while actually carrying out the job and being paid for it. There is plenty of opportunity for advancement, should the trainee require it. However, many are happy to carry out plumber helper jobs for an unspecified amount of time.
Although there may be no formal qualifications required to get into the world of plumbing helper jobs, there are a number of requirements that the candidates should have. These include:
There are other qualities required for plumbing helper jobs, but the above is just a small snapshot to give you an idea of the job. You may also have to climb ladders or crawl into tight, small spaces so you should not have a phobia for either of these conditions.
Plumbing is a diverse job and although to some degree your employment is almost guaranteed in this field, you will have access to different kinds of plumbing work once you have some experience and an idea of what the job entails. Initially, you will be learning on the job and will be undertaking tasks such as holding tools and passing the correct items to the tradesman you are working with. However, the more experience you have in plumbing helper jobs, you will soon be able to recognize exactly what tool is required and when.
Once you reach this stage you can be sure that your learning has stood you in good stead and you may then consider whether you want to move on to the next stage in this worthwhile career. However, in order to do that you will need to undertake some college training. Some people are quite happy in a supportive role such as a plumbing helper jobs gives; others prefer a more proactive career. There is no right or wrong answer; whatever you choose is right for you.
ORG Resources Sdn Bhd prides itself in providing efficient and quality human resource solutions to its clients. It is our strategic focus to take on the role of a human resource partner to all our clients. ORG Resources Sdn Bhd offers a wide range of recruitment and staffing solutions to suit the needs of our clients, viz :- Permanent Placement and Executive Search Temporary Staffing Contract Staffing and Administration Payroll Services HR Solutions
Skills in machine debug and trouble shooting, sensor, application for cylinder, AC & DC motor, servo motor, sensor & all Pneumatic components
"Okay, so I just went for a walk and saw this cover of Maxim at the newsstand. It's the September issue of Maxim and looks just like Jody Palmer! I had to do a double take because I thought it was her. Anyway, I just thought I'd post it here for ya to see. I know she's the September 2009 Maxim Magazine calendar girl...I really thought it was her! Funny."
According to Wikipedia, a model is a person who is posed or displayed for the purpose of art, fashion, or other products and advertising.
Modeling is distinguished from other types of public performance, such as acting, dancing or mime artistry, although the boundary is not well defined. Appearing in a movie or a play is generally not considered to be modeling, regardless of the nature of the role. However, models generally have to express emotion in their photographs, and since modeling...
I am an SEO Specialist, what I do is to optimize web site's contents, on page and off page optimization. I love reading books especially chicken soup for the soul and about vampires. I am also into collection of music albums, of course my favorite bands only and I'll post it here one by one.
How To Get The Crash Report After A Wreck - To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
THE FINE PRINT: The information provided on this website is opinion and general legal information about the laws in North Carolina. It is not intended to provide legal advice and does not create an attorney-client relationship.
After a wreck, you will need to get a copy of the Crash Report. The easiest way to get the Crash Report is to call the investigating officer and ask him or her where you can pick up a copy. Crash Reports are sometimes available at the local law enforcement office that investigated the wreck. More often than not, you can also get them online. Crash Reports generated by the North Carolina Highway Patrol can be found here. Likewise, many city police departments also publish their reports online. The best way to find those is to Google the name of the city with the term “Crash Report” inside quotation marks.
Joe Adams is a personal injury attorney based in Asheville, North Carolina, who takes personal injury and wrongful death cases throughout the state of North Carolina. He has been fighting insurance companies and big corporations for more than 25 years.
Perhaps this should come under the heading of: This tells me more about you than you probably want me to know.
I’ve written previously about people leaving flyers and attachments on doorknobs and handles, sticking them in the door frame or behind the screen door, placing them in the mailbox and simply leaving them in the driveway or on the porch.
I consciously avoid using any of the businesses which do any of the above because I believe that this form of advertising is messy and simply alerts thieves that no one is at home and the crook has time to break and enter and rob.
Well, today I found sheet of printed cardstock that was headed “TIDY” — SIMPLE PRICING. NO NEED TO TIP.
You throw a piece of cardboard on my front porch and because your name is TIDY you expect me to hire you to “clean” my house?
No, I don’t think so. You mess up the outside — there is no way on God’s green Earth that I let you inside to “clean” my house.
The relatives of political prisoners united in the Crimean Solidarity movement have discussed the disgraceful and humiliating treatment of the defendants in the ‘Crimean Muslim case’ by Russian security officers. This has been reported by...
Today is the birthday of little Khadija, the daughter of Rustem Ismailov, who was arrested in Crimea on October 12, 2016. We heartily congratulate her, as well as her mother and two younger brothers, and...
[15:43] Jason - Peps WoW Server Online. Msg for details: Mr Quah, 21, has also admitted to looking at porn websites in the past two weeks,
interesting.. It seems like two guys pretending to be girls tricked him into taking a photo of himself naked and sending it to them.
Crimean leader suggests authorities are trying to find feasible accomplice in class attack, Russian news reviews say Crimean leader states authorities are trying to find possible accomplice in school attack, Russian information stories say
Entry was restricted to above 350 properties inside the town of Kaiapoi, of which about 100 have been considered unsafe.[eighty one] Some 22 commercial Qualities ended up considered unsafe. Based on Ron Keating, Mayor of Waimakariri District, the town "will never be a similar once again".[82] As famous previously mentioned, damage to buried pipes can have permitted sewage to contaminate the household water provide, and inhabitants were warned to boil faucet water right before utilizing it for brushing teeth, drinking, and washing or cooking meals.
Cirrus clouds have already been noticed to create following the persistent development of contrails and are already observed to have a worldwide warming effect about-and-earlier mentioned that of contrail development on your own. You will find a diploma of scientific uncertainty about the contribution of contrail and cirrus cloud formation to worldwide warming and makes an attempt to estimate aviation's Total climate improve contribution will not are likely to include its consequences on cirrus cloud improvement.
I would steer clear of spraying just about anything with a patch of visible mold. Alternatively put the cleansing Alternative (vinegar or other) with a clear towel and afterwards wipe and turn to the clean up facet repeatedly till no more colour transfer. Mold spores, especially when dormant, are In a natural way coated in an oily compound. When you spray any liquid right on mold expansion you'll probably result in two matters to occur: spores to be airborne since the oily compound repels the water in the cleansing Alternative; and a feasible launch of mycotoxins because the mold colony attempts to protect alone from what it perceives as an attack.
[112] Also, as most of the bookshelves in the key library were being toppled, with repairs anticipated to just take until Xmas, the University arranged Digital entry to many educational publishers databases for students about to sit tests.
Thats exactly where see more here we are available! The gurus at MI&T Houston are in company that can help home and busines entrepreneurs much like on your own who're anxious mold could be negatively impacting their indoor air good quality.
[20] The 1st Globe War interrupted usage of the export marketplaces. Cotton processing in other elements of the planet elevated, generally on machines generated in Manchester. Manchester suffered considerably from The nice Melancholy as well as the fundamental structural improvements that began to supplant the aged industries, which include textile manufacture. Manchester Blitz[edit]
Brazil presidential candidates woo spiritual leaders Brazil's presidential candidates wooed church leaders Wednesday forward of the runoff On this deeply spiritual region with sizable Catholic and...
There are lots of chemicals available on the market which can kill mold, but polluting your home with more poisonous things may be counterintuitive for anyone who is endeavoring to stay clear of overall health hazards. Don't be concerned, there are plenty of Harmless and all-natural ways to get rid of black click here for more mold inside of a lavatory or carpet.
A Kier spokesperson mentioned: “Kier has actually been working with the Glasgow College of Art given that 2016 about the restoration in the Mackintosh constructing and so we share the devastation felt by The varsity and the wider public presently.
Water can rot out wood, corrode metals, destroy textiles and limited-circuit electrical wirings. If still left unchecked for very long quantities of time, it also can produce Organic hazards that could endanger your wellness. For those who’ve knowledgeable current indoor flooding in Boston, Massachusetts, connect with Kennedy Restoration Services straight away for water damage restoration services.
, underneath lavatory tile & beneath the sink. I am happy I have not wholly moved in nor let her come in yet. i have enough time to eliminate the mold now ahead of i end transferring in & in advance of she spends 1 night time right here!
The website station was shut for a number of days. The blast also damaged the glass and steel roof more than the concourse and platforms, which resulted inside the elimination of much with the glasswork and cladding.[43][sixty two]
They were being Excellent Using the services. The get the job done has constantly been superior. Every little thing While using the professionalism and high quality ended up best notch. We now have applied them quite a few periods for the septic tank pumping.
If you’ve seen Plinko on The Price is Right – and who hasn’t – then you know the fun and excitement that a Plinko game will bring to your casino party or event. We have a slight twist in our game of course, no price guessing and we don’t have $10,000 to giveaway but your guests will have a great time playing the Jacks and Aces version of Plinko!
Isleham Preschool is a community-run village preschool. After redesigning their logo, I was asked to have a look at their website, as its unintuitive design and out-of-date content made it obsolete.
Starting from scratch and assuming nothing, it was important to understand who would be using the website. I began by analysing the website’s purpose; what were the common reasons for visiting? What frustrations did users have on the existing site? To get answers, I conducted interviews with staff and parents at the preschool.
Research revealed that the website was rarely used, if at all, as it was never up to date. Instead, parents relied on termly newsletters and memos from staff to keep them in the loop of any news or announcements. Incidentally, the staff were looking to cut down on the preschool’s paper usage, as well as the time it took to print and distribute newsletters to parents. Another frustration raised by a parent, revealed it was not possible to contact the preschool via the website directly. These were clearly things the new website could provide a solution to.
Most users I interviewed did not consider themselves very tech savvy. Despite this, it transpired that just under half of them owned a smart-phone and a couple owned tablet too – a number that was sure to grow.
A parent or guardian looking to enrol his/her child visiting the website to find out more about the preschool (OFSTED reports, about the setting etc.), then get in contact to make an enquiry.
A parent or guardian of a child already attending the preschool, looking for current information (latest newsletter, curriculum plan, term dates, general news etc.).
Talking to the users defined who they were and the requirements they had. This allowed me to begin planning a website that provided solutions to their needs.
Firstly, it was clear that the website had to be built in a way that allowed staff to update key information themselves. This would eradicate the need for printed newsletters and provide parents with an easy way to access the latest information.
Secondly, the website needed to be easy to use so that parents – even the technological nervous ones – were encouraged to actually use the site. There would be no point in the staff uploading information if half the parents weren’t going online to view it.
Thirdly, it was vital that contacting the preschool, either via the website or otherwise, was easy and obvious.
Before establishing the website’s appearance, it was important to determine the pages it would contain and the purpose of each one. This was to ensure that the content and layout of each page was relevant to the user. The purpose and content requirements of each page were outlined with the client.
Task Flows were used to envision how users with differing objectives would advance through the website and a Site Map was created to show how each page would link together. I used Jesse James Garrett’s Visual Vocabulary as a guide when illustrating the architecture of the site.
Task Flows were used to envision how users with differing objectives would advance through the website
With the purpose and content defined, wireframes were created to clarify the layout of each page. It become apparent early on in the project that it would be beneficial for users for the website to be designed responsively – it would ensure that the site would be legible on a large variety of screen sizes – from smart-phones to large PC monitors. Planning was required to ensure the page layouts would adapt in a way that prioritised key features and information. I explored several layout ideas with rough sketches.
Once I was happy the webpages had an effective layout system, I progressed to the computer and began working on the visual style. Visual research was conducted for inspiration and design ideas developed further in Photoshop. It was decided the website would use bold colours and icons with a clean layout for maximum usability. For personalisation, drawings by young artists attending the preschool were scanned-in to be featured on each page.
Once the foundational visual design style was in place, web development commenced. Responsinator was used to test how the website would work on a wide range of devices. Web development, visual design and further wireframing happened simultaneously as certain limitations became apparent. A cloud based CMS was added to give staff the power to easily update key website content. Prior to launch, I asked several target users to use the site on a test server to ensure they were able to complete key tasks easily. The feedback was positive – it was time for launch!
Born in Sacramento in 1986 and raised in California throughout his life. After years of painting portraits and landscapes in the strict confines of realism, Brest abandoned that style all-together in an attempt to communicate his world in a more organic way- he wanted freedom. "Im tired of manipulating paints, looking at a picture and always knowing what Im going to paint," he said "I wanted to make something raw, bold- I paint from my mind now, and I really dont always know what I'll paint next, because Im painting as I feel it, not something that's already there. It's a beautiful thing how your mind makes you unique- and that's what this is, its the chance of every drip, the anger in my brushstrokes, its me." His work is just that- a testament to the immediate inter-workings of this artist's mind.
Since being announced the winner of the inaugural election, soon-to-be-President George Okarvits has been the "darling of the press". In his first formal press conference on Saturday morning, the man who would be President was quizzed about all manner of his policies.
"Mr Okarvits, you will obviously be sworn-in as the Parliament's choice for President in the coming weeks, do you consider this a certainty, and if so, what becomes of the seat in Parliament you won?"
"Utania has elected a Parliament, a body of men and women who will represent them in the course of government, a very special event in anyone's book. I am sure that the Parliament will elect the person they feel is best for the job and presents the best direction for the country. I take nothing for granted. My candidacy for the Presidency is known and clear, and I would expect to be amongst the front-runners. If I am elected, then the next-listed candidate for the Waverley electorate from the Peoples Party will assume the seat in Parliament. This is Peter Fromb." (The Peoples Party won 19.7% of the vote in Waverley, making it one of the safest seats in the country.)
"What will be your direction for the Government? What will be the most-pressing matter for the government to consider?"
"I think that everyone will agree that we have somewhat wandered in the economic and political wilderness for long enough, through no fault of President Hope, we have simply not had sufficient mandate to execute a proper direction. This must change. We will press forward with an economic and reform-minded direction for the country, reforming the business community, for so long dominated by the Guwimithian regime, and make fair the exploitative practises of the past."
"I would certainly say 'yes', under the coalition government, companies and governments from all around Vexillium will find Utania open and willing to explore new relationships and ventures for mutual benefit. However, I would urge patience from both sides of the fence. We are not about to open the doors wholesale and allow a new era in exploitation to replace the previous one. This will not be one-sided; Utanians, ALL Utanians, must benefit from all deals this government puts in place, and we will see to it that this remains the case."
"Rumours abound regarding the formation of your government, that the Burovians and James Angorit's Progressive Party will be looking to join your coalition. Can you confirm these rumours, and what is or would be your response to these parties?"
"I have not heard from either Party, but I have also heard the rumours. I would welcome any party that wishes to join the government, absolutely. They will then form part of a coalition devoted to advancing the cause of the people, and will proportionally form part of that coalition. They will not, of course, be able to direct the government quite as much as perhaps some parties would like to. But, we are a government of inclusion, and will endeavour to include ALL parties in discussions regarding the future of the nation, reaching a concensus that ALL members of Parliament can vote for. We govern for ALL Utanians, not just to poor, and not just the rich."
"Equality and fairness. It will be as simple as that. Does it promote benefits to the Utanian people? Does it do so without exploiting some of the Utanian people? Does it harm or hurt the traditional values of the Utanian people? These will be the questions we evaluate any direction we consider with. We are open to all approaches, and have no hard-and-fast rules as to how to move forward. I think you will find us very pragmatic and open to new ideas."
"I think it would be fair to say that the issue is dead now. Mr Davidz has admitted to publishing, at least in part, the memo, and I think the UNVCOCN in Utania has been badly damaged by the revelations. That is a shame, because they have done some marvelous work here. I think it remains a UNV internal matter now."
"I am most disturbed by rumours that are emerging about the state of Utania currently. It would be my first task as President, if so elected, to find the truth behind such matters, and put to rest the rumours. If some are true, we shall determine what the best course of action is."
"How will your international relations ministry be run? What countries will receive the best attention? And how will your Presidency affect relations with the Burovian Party?"
"We will continue to have the best possible relations with all nations. We obviously have close relations with Whitlam, Zartania, EKZ, Feniz and the Burovian Realm, but I will be seeking to expand on this list, and to deepen the relationship with these states.
"As for the Burovian Party, and I can only assume you mean how will we regard Burovianism as a political philosophy, and the Burovian Realm... I think we can have an excellent relationship with any nation without currying favour with their... with political parties that represent their same goals, such as the Burovians. I see now reason why the Realm would not do business with us if the UBM are not part of the Presidential administration."
Questo sito vi permetterà di vendere in completa autonomia con percentuali di guadagno (per voi) più vantaggiose rispetto al negozio.
A.V. OLEYNIKOV – «Russia has sacrificed itself for the sake of its allies… » Military significance of the Russian Front for the victory of the Entente in World War I
Hi everyone! Have you seen that is the Some Odd Girl Facebook Fun Day today? :D Yay! The card I have created today is for the Facebook Fun Day challenge of Non Traditional Hair Colour, and I have used one of my fave images; Wishes. I felt like she needed pink hair - isn't she a cutie! :D
This was a fun card to make - I love the birdsnest embelly...I picked it up at the Brisbane Craft Show :) I have used my copics to colour Wishes. This is the first time I have coloured pink hair and I love it! She looks so pretty and ethereal. Here are the colours that I used:
Don't forget if you live in Australia, you can pick up your Some Odd Girl stamps from The Stamp Spot. There is even a monthly challenge with prizes to win too! You could even win this cutie pie :D Head on over and take a peek!
WOW! Fabulous coloring Alyce and I love the design too! Awesome job! Thanks so much for joining our "SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT" challenge at Shelly's Images! Please come back and join us again real soon!!
Beautiful card Alyce, love the bird nest too, was I walking around with my eyes shut at the craft fair, I didnt see those...gorgeous colouring, love the image and details...fabulous.
I almost bought this stamp today because of your card!!! But I cut myself off after $30 dollars, I got to pace my self! LOL!!
Another stunner, Alyce! Your coloring is so gorgeous! You need to give Copic coloring lessons...really!
Your pink hair turned out amazing! And of course I just love your work with the folds and the bird's nest is super cute!
Gorgeous, Alyce!! That bird's nest is soooo sweet! And your coloring is as gorgeous as ever!!! I have a giveaway on my blog (in about 5 mins) that includes that Indie paper pad, isn't it great? Definitely check it out and enter if you like! :)
Just stunning. Your faces are just incredible, love how you add the details. Love the delicate die cute and your flowers are so beautiful.
Alyce this is stunning, you put so much detail on your cards, I love seeing them so much. Hope you are having a lovely Sunday. Hugs xxx
wow, such a gorgeous card. The image is fabulous and coloured so beautifully. Your always use such beautiful papers and the embellishments are all really pretty too
Your colouring is amazing and I love the pink hair! Thanks for joining us at Craft Punked this week and good luck!
Goooooorgeous ♥ Absolutely stunning sweetie ♥♥ Love how you coloured her wings and all the amazing details in your colouring!!
And thanks for letting me know about your photo editing program, it reminded me that I could use my other program (ACDsee) and yaaaay I could...
oh wow Hun,this is fantastic oh your colours are amazing and her hair Hun just brilliant,love the papers,and the gorgeous flowers you have used,amazing,talent hugs Cherylxxxx
Gorgeous card, the colours are amazing and the colouring is superb :) Thanks for joining us at Craft Punked this week, Carol xx
Ohh I love doing pink hair - I have done a deep one than this - I'm loving this one I'll have to give it a try .. smiles! :))
I totally heart your coloring on this Alyce! The dress is so well done and the wings really draw your eye! LOVELY! Thanks for playing with us and I hope you enjoyed the Fun Day! :)
Beautiful card Alyce, so much detail and your colouring is fabulous! Thanks for joining us at Craft Punked and good luck :) x
I love these little girls they are adorable what fab colours and such a pretty card well done Alyce Hugs Elaine
So beautiful Alyce! Gorgeous image and love how you've coloured her - her hair looks fab :o) Hugs, Lisa x
This is just gorgeous! Love the distressing; it adds so much to the project! Your coloring is fantastic!
O Alyce!! you must do a video tutorial on how you create those amazing folds!! This is gorgeous! I love the colors and her pink hair rocks!!
PS - thanks for leaving the kind comments on my blog, even when I'm being a bad blogger and not getting round everyone else's blogs!
Yep, yep, yep I think I'm going to have to put in a WOC order. :-) This is scrumptious Alyce. Absolutely adore the little bird's nest. Too cute! Hugs!
I've missed a lot on your blog lately Alyce but it's all stunning work. I love the pink hair and the bird's nest is just adorable. Sarah xx
fab work! thank you for joining us at Sarah Hurley Challenge this time, hope to see you back again soon.
Hi everyone! I have a special surprise for you all! To celebrate reaching 10,000 members in our Facebook Group, I have prepared a FREE clas...
I love my Distress Inks. There is so much that you can quickly do with them to create different effects. When I was looking at the concept f...
Hi everyone! I'm popping in with a few things to share today :) First of all a BIG BIG Merry Christmas to all of you and I wanted to t...
Hi everyone! I'm popping to today to share a fun little video tutorial with you all on creating simple Alcohol Ink Backgrounds! You can...
Hi everyone! Woohoo it is Tiddly Tuesday and this week we have a fun new sketch challenge. But more exciting...Have you seen that Tiddlys&#...
Hi everyone! I'm here to share my Blue Christmas card for Live and Love Crafts with you! I've gone for a Wintery Frozen theme - w...
No portion of this website can be used or distributed without prior written consent of Lake-Link, Inc.
Beginning Jan. 1, 2018, California is phasing in by age the requirement that residents who operate a motorized vessel on state waterways will be required to carry the California Boater Card. The card will be issued by the California State Parks Division of Boating and Waterways (DBW).
Not only is mandatory education the law, the California Boater Card Program promotes boating safety on our waterways. U. S. Coast Guard accident data show that states with some form of boating safety education have fewer accidents and fatalities than states without any boater education requirements.
In 2015, 724 California recreational vessels were involved in reported accidents and 49 boaters died. More than 232 boaters were injured in severity beyond first aid treatment. Only one of the boat operators involved in fatal accidents had taken an approved boating safety course. Increased numbers of boaters taking approved safety courses will benefit all California recreational boaters.
DBW plans to begin issuing the California Boater Cards prior to Jan. 1, 2018, implementation date. The Boater Card Technical Advisory Group anticipates that the cost of the card will be no more than $10. The lost card replacement fee will be no more than $5.
The new requirement will begin on Jan. 1, 2018 for all persons 20 years of age and younger who operate a motorized vessel on state waterways. On that date these boaters will be required to carry a boater card issued by DBW, unless they meet certain exemptions.
Each year after January 2018, a new age group will be added to those who are required to possess a valid card. By 2025, all persons who operate a motorized vessel on California waters will be required to have one.
Once issued, the card remains valid for a boat operator’s lifetime. California Harbors and Navigation Code Section 678.11(b) contains the following phase-in schedule based on operator age:
California age restrictions for operating a motorized vessel: According to California Harbors and Navigation Code Section 658.5, NO person under 16 years of age may operate a boat with a motor of more than 15 horsepower, except for a sailboat that does not exceed 30 feet in length or a dinghy used directly between a moored boat and the shore (or between two moored boats).
The law allows children 12-15 years of age to operate boats with a motor of more than 15 horsepower or sailboats over 30 feet if supervised on board by an adult at least 18 years of age.
According to California law the following persons will not be required to have a boater card to operate a motorized vessel on California waterways when the requirements go into effect beginning in January 2018:
A person operating a vessel while under the direct supervision of a person 18 years of age or older who is in possession of a California Boater Card.
A person who is a resident of a state other than California who is temporarily operating a vessel in California for less than 60 days and meets the boating requirements, if any, of his/her state.
A person who is a resident of a country other than the United States who is temporarily operating a vessel in California for less than 90 days and meets the boating requirements, if any, of his/her country.
"Guns Blood Poison" , piece from my book published earlier this year #betweenearthandsky ...returning to the magic pen to find the way through to the present again...between past and futures lies the thing...looking forward to delving into these poems and new work from the road...lifting it off the page and into song. #poetry #writing #solomusicpronext #pilgrimage
🇯🇴 RUSSIAN PILGRIM SITE IN THE HASHEMITE KINGDOM OF JORDAN 🇯🇴 . . Pretty impressive for me to see how pilgrims take a bath in the Jordan river, at the place where Jesus has been baptized... . . This place has a very interesting history and background. His Royal Highness, King Abdullah of Jordan, offered to Russian president Vladimir Putin and the Russian population a big piece of land along Jordan river. It is the place where Jesus has been baptized. In memoriam of this event, Russia built a wonderful church on the site, and there is also a Russian Pilgrim Residence that accomodates all the pilgrims who want to come here and enjoy the peaceful and meaningful site. . . . #Jordan #hashemitekingdomofjordan #Giordania #Jordanien #Ürdün #MiddleEast #Orient #DeadSea #JordanRiver #travel #travelling #holiday #viaggio #viajar #reisen #voyage #adventure #instatravel #holysite #pilgrim #pilgrimage #religious
🇯🇴 RUSSIAN PILGRIM SITE IN THE HASHEMITE KINGDOM OF JORDAN 🇯🇴 . . This place has a very interesting history and background. His Royal Highness, King Abdullah of Jordan, offered to Russian president Vladimir Putin and the Russian population a big piece of land along Jordan river. It is the place where Jesus has been baptized. In memoriam of this event, Russia built a wonderful church on the site, and there is also a Russian Pilgrim Residence that accomodates all the pilgrims who want to come here and enjoy the peaceful and meaningful site. . . . #Jordan #hashemitekingdomofjordan #Giordania #Jordanien #Ürdün #MiddleEast #Orient #DeadSea #JordanRiver #travel #travelling #holiday #viaggio #viajar #reisen #voyage #adventure #instatravel #holysite #pilgrim #pilgrimage #religious
🇯🇴 RUSSIAN PILGRIM SITE IN THE HASHEMITE KINGDOM OF JORDAN 🇯🇴 . . Mosaic, showing the Jordan Royalties together with the Holy Father, John Paul II . . This place has a very interesting history and background. His Royal Highness, King Abdullah of Jordan, offered to Russian president Vladimir Putin and the Russian population a big piece of land along Jordan river. It is the place where Jesus has been baptized. In memoriam of this event, Russia built a wonderful church on the site, and there is also a Russian Pilgrim Residence that accomodates all the pilgrims who want to come here and enjoy the peaceful and meaningful site. . . . #Jordan #hashemitekingdomofjordan #Giordania #Jordanien #Ürdün #MiddleEast #Orient #DeadSea #JordanRiver #travel #travelling #holiday #viaggio #viajar #reisen #voyage #adventure #instatravel #holysite #pilgrim #pilgrimage #religious #mosaic #pope
Sea of Galilee #ASBC #HolyLand #Pilgrimage Matthew 14: 25 Shortly before dawn Jesus went out to them, walking on the lake. 31 Immediately Jesus reached out his hand and caught him. 32 And when they climbed into the boat, the wind died down. 33 Then those who were in the boat worshiped him, saying, “Truly you are the Son of God.” Matthew 15:29 (NIV) 29 Jesus left there and went along the Sea of Galilee. Then he went up on a mountainside and sat down.
Notice to all our customers! Because of Trademark trouble with Google company, Our website: Googlehair.com is changed to new name: Vuyhair.com. We only change the name of website, other info from us not be changed. Sorry for this inconvenience.
I gave the site a new look if you like it just hit me up with a message say that if you dont like it say you dont like it and ill change it back just taking a poll to see if its better or worse... (if you came from SYN Its just like there forum now )
Select colors and sizes available in stock. Others available for special order. Please call for details.
Make your own personal statement by matching this unique wedding band with your beautiful engagement ring! Designed with round and marquise shaped frames with milgrain beaded edging, each contains mixed sizes of dazzling round diamonds with a total weight of 0.16 carats. Stack this enticing wedding band with other favorite bands for a unique fashionable look. Available in Platinum or 14kt or 18kt white, yellow, or rose gold.
At Chocolategelt.com you can buy chocolate gelt, dreidels, Chanukah candles and other celebration supplies for Hanukkah, Purim and Passover when you need them. Free Shipping Over $49 TODAY ~ your coupon is here! We ship from NYC New York.
ABOUT THIS PRODUCT: Delicious 100% concord grape juice - no artificial flavoring or coloring. 6.75 lf.oz. box. This is a great solution for mishloach manot. It is easy to ship, store and pack. It is also kosher for Passover OU. Please purchase this product in multiples of 20 only, i.e. 20, 40, 60 etc.
Free shipping and more discounts! Chocolategelt.com is your online source for Kosher for Passover Mini Grape Juice Parve 100% Juice. We serve schools, synagogues, non-profit organizations, as well as individuals. Kosher for Passover Mini Grape Juice Parve 100% Juice sold retail and wholesale, you can see price break depending on quantity you buy on each product page. Our popular products are dreidels, chocolate coins also known as gelt, candles and party gifts for Chanukah. Our selection also includes wide variety of Purim supplies Thank you for shopping at our store!
Naughty world scenes are right here for you to get hard over… Foxy bitch stuffs a toy and a penis in both her holes and squeezes every last drop of cum inside of her as her asshole is ravaged with fingers! A bitch from known squeezed between a two-way fuck with heavy cocks that have her face dumped with semen rain.
It strains credulity, but these barbarous smashing designed known centrals are down with tons about dissolute Saturnalias, they are not as lily white as you suspected when you get a load of them on TV… The girl gets nude in front of cam on a cozy chair rubbing her clit and shamelessly dildoing on cam! The fiction heroes are so much perverted that they are ready to fuck anywhere, every day and using all the positions you know…
Watch seemingly good girls of universe spreading their long legs to demonstrate their pretty fresh cunts and enormous red-headed heroes slapping their huge ball sacks against tempting ass hemisphere… Bitchy hottie getting fucked by two studs and squeezed between a couple of dicks in all imaginable fuck positions. The show guarantees access to safe and improved sex for each and everyone and including the ladies!
You may have run across some fiction before, you’d cream yourself to locate such a great abundance of Grade A action all right here for you! Nicely equipped whore from known is shaking from a hard cunt shag here inside of the thread. That chick commences with receiving a prick and goes on with getting double-teamed on a sofa…
Dainty bitch bringing into view her gaping creampied anal snatch after one awesome ass pumping session! Get a sneak peak of the porn action provided by show! A whore from known double-fucked by a twosome heavy dicks that have her face dumped with a shower of manly cream…
The world whores never miss an opportunity stripping off and ingesting some lumpish ice-cream between their happy sack… Lusty bitch from universe is ready for the hardest fucking task of all her previous experience! A meaty schlong drilling bitch’s anus and poke hole gives her a big O again and again…
This right here is your ticket to an excellent fiction site catering to fanatics as well as those who aren’t as familiar! Another sexy hottie from fiction sports an awesome pair of tits to show us and she never refuses any man or boy! Take a gander at the amatory gizmo babe being bunch-punched with her remarkable elastic knockers grassed with jism and her hidebound bearded clam being drawled and bonked and Aphrodite’s Evostick of!
The hardest part for sexy girls of world is to be engaged in wild banging parties with perverse males and provide their cum receptacles to be totally destroyed by the biggest boners… Beautiful cutie working with her mouth skillfully and gets her fuck holes grossly creamed in her waxed vagina! It’s time to nail this well-endowed fiction teen with a cute butt and an aching fanny.
The hottie cannot hold it off take in a baby-maker in her cunt and asshole and when it comes along at long last she squirts hard. Popular show heroes make their reappearance with a bunch of new sex episodes that will render your cock hardened! Another young hottie from show boasts this gorgeous cleavage to demonstrate us and she never says “no” to anyone with a hard cock!
Social interaction is heating up now more than ever as businesses try to amplify their reach across all platforms to all audience at all time.
Earlier this week, Katy Keim (Lithium CMO) published a great blog post: A Social Proclamation. This manifesto discusses what social marketers need to do now in order to use social for all the ...
Guest Post: Devon Wijesinghe, CEO of Insightpool, explains why brands should market through people, not at people.
The top influencers to follow for the best ‘Summer Travel’ advice. Plus, read the State of Social Engagement Report to find out which brands are ‘cool for the summer.’
With all of the questions surrounding Facebook's topic and content curation, Klout shares how its team addresses these complex ethnical and technological issues.
Lucky Club Casino is an old mess. The guys behind it are by no means bad at running the casino though they think that the casino is just chosen and blessed by all the Old and New Gods. It seems that they are looking in a magic mirror, which tells them they are the best casino ever. Bullshit!
The software is far from perfect, the games in the instant play version are too few (to put it lightly) and powered by NuWorks only, there are no live games, no mobile support, and the support service is clueless. Not to mention, their 200% first deposit bonus (up to €300) comes with unacceptable wagering requirements - 30 times the sum of the deposit and bonus amount. It’s just the whole place needs some serious changes. You can wait until they will become better, or you can just visit other gaming websites, which are already rated well - Viks Casino, LeoVegas Casino, and Lucky Emperor Casino.
Lucky Club Casino initially opened in 2008, changed the software in 2011, and has sucked ever since. Alright, that might be too harsh. They seem to have no issues with players, but some trusted watchdog portals are mad at them due to some affiliate issues, and we really don’t see how it can be an enjoyable place to play at these days. They don’t even display any licensing information on the website. The casino doesn’t restrict any countries, except those where gaming is prohibited by the laws.
Speaking of the website, licensing info is not the only thing that’s missing. So does the modern design, adequate instant play lobby, clear bonus terms, up-to-date banking page… Do we really have to go on? The website is an old mess, deal with it.
Banking: The banking page is very indicative. Nothing screams “old crap” like an obsolete name of a payment method. Yes, we mean Skrill (they are no longer Moneybookers, not for 4 years). Anyway, the withdrawal options include the said Skrill, Neteller, EcoPayz, Overnight Express, and Bank Wire. There’s also a limitation on your payouts - €10,000 per week. Please, keep in mind that the casino will charge a fee of 15% of your balance if you don’t wager your initial deposit amount at least once.
Customer Support: The support service is the only thing that is not stuck somewhere deep in the past. It is available 24/7 via live chat, toll-free phone, and email. More than that, you can also get in touch with them via Skype. Wow! That’s the real progress!
We knew it couldn’t be so perfect - the operator we got connected to in the live chat was completely clueless in the most basic questions. “Where are you licensed?” - “We are CDS certified”. “Is there any difference between the download and instant play versions?” - “Instant play allows you to play on the website, while with the download version you have to download the software”. Thanks, Cap!
Lucky Club Casino is powered by NuWorks software. The instant play lobby has a list of about 50 games (mostly slots). Even Fun-Casino used to offer more games. Um, okay… By the way, they present slots from NuWorks as if they are unique and groundbreaking and believe that the casino is “chosen” to provide these games. Really?
Live games are not on the menu, and we’re not surprised, to be honest. We even don’t hope to see them at this casino one day.
It’s really hard to understand whether they are mobile-friendly or not. When you open it on mobile, you see the same big stupid icons with nothing attractive at all. It says that your Flash version is out of date. Sorry to bring this to you, but it’s YOU who’s out of date, Lucky Club.
At this point, do you really want to know if there are any bonuses at Lucky Club Casino? If you do, for some reason, we’ll tell you that they have a welcome package, which covers the first four deposits:
Note that you will be able to claim their no-deposit bonus only after you make your first three deposits.
The wagering requirements are crap. Not a huge stinking pile of crap, just crap - 30 times the deposit plus bonus amount (for the no deposit bonus - 60 times the bonus value). Other hidden terms don’t make it stink any less - only slots are allowed (as if there’s anything else to play anyway), and there’s a max bet of €10.
A couple of decent NuWorks slots are probably the only positive thing at Lucky Club Casino. If you do decide to play and happen to win, you’ll most likely have some difficulties when getting your winnings, as the selection of the withdrawal options is poor. They have no live games, no information about their licensing, no fair wagering requirements, and no reasons for you to play here.
Click here to visit Lucky Club Casino - it may be old and ugly, but who knows, maybe NuWorks slots are just what you need!
I agree for my information to be processed in order to receive newsletters and other marketing communications
By subscribing you confirm that you are at least 18 years old and are not breaching any laws in your local jurisdiction. Subscription to our newsletter indicates you have reviewed and accepted our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Do you enjoy the high life, high stakes, and high… umm… fives? Well, you’ll get two out of three in this casino.
Getting an award for the number of awards you got is one heck of a feat. These guys really deserve each of them.
A virtually real virtual reality is a veritable virtue of this venerable website. Gaming can hardly get more real than that.
This casino has the best welcome bonus. It’s the best. Better than all the rest. We ran out of ideas. (The bonus is the best, though.)
A mere “VIP” title doesn’t give it enough credit. With treatment like in this casino, it should be at least VVVVVIP.
Hey, they’ve added games to casino games so that you could play games while you’re playing their games. Enjoy!
In order to give you the best possible viewing experience, our website uses cookies. Continuing to use and browse our website, you agree to our use of cookies as defined in our Privacy Policy.
Are you looking for Contact Grills for a can opener ? We have the best selection of Contact Grills right here.
Overhead Front door conforming to Overheaddoor. What Garage Doors Garage door opener hardware Can I Buy? Property owners attempting to enhance the charm of the entrance of these property can look no further, Guest : How Different .
The Very Best Can Garage door opener hardware : Reviews by Wirecutter in agreement with Thewirecutter. After 3 years of exploring can openers, and beginning 121 containers with 23 openers, we feel the EZ-Duz-It is the best can opener for many individuals .
Can-opener.org helps you save money on can openers through price comparison, coupons, reviews on Can Openers, Bottle Openers and more.
Since the last time you logged in our privacy statement has been updated. We want to ensure that you are kept up to date with any changes and as such would ask that you take a moment to review the changes. You will not continue to receive KPMG subscriptions until you accept the changes.
We want to make sure you're kept up to date. Please take a moment to review these changes. You will not receive KPMG subscription messages until you agree to the new policy.
The Delhi Bench of the Income-tax Appellate Tribunal found that application of an arm’s length price adjustment to the taxpayer’s intra-group services would lead to the corresponding reduction in the taxpayer’s revenue, and thus deleted a transfer pricing adjustment in respect of the intra-group services.
The taxpayer, a “captive” information technology enabled services provider, followed a transfer pricing policy of marking up its operating expenses by a margin of 20% for invoiced services provided its foreign related parties.
The tax authorities asserted that a 20% mark-up was less than the arm’s length standard. Instead, the Transfer Pricing Office found that a mark-up of 29.53% was determined to be at arm’s length. Also, a second adjustment was made concerning the cost of the intra-group services that the taxpayer received from its foreign related parties. This cost was found to be “nil.”
The Dispute Resolution Panel restored the 20% mark-up as being at arm’s length, but did not reverse the adjustment relating to the cost of intra-group services.
The taxpayer sought judicial review by the tribunal, which issued a taxpayer-favorable decision rejecting the position of the tax authorities with respect to the cost of intra-group services.
Read a September 2016 report [PDF 335 KB] prepared by the KPMG member firm in India: Arm’s length principle cannot be invoked when replacement of self-declared prices of international transactions by arm’s length price results in lowering of taxpayer’s income chargeable to tax
© 2018 KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity. Member firms of the KPMG network of independent firms are affiliated with KPMG International. KPMG International provides no client services. No member firm has any authority to obligate or bind KPMG International or any other member firm vis-à-vis third parties, nor does KPMG International have any such authority to obligate or bind any member firm. All rights reserved.
Member firms of the KPMG network of independent firms are affiliated with KPMG International. KPMG International provides no client services. No member firm has any authority to obligate or bind KPMG International or any other member firm vis-à-vis third parties, nor does KPMG International have any such authority to obligate or bind any member firm.
The KPMG logo and name are trademarks of KPMG International. KPMG International is a Swiss cooperative that serves as a coordinating entity for a network of independent member firms. KPMG International provides no audit or other client services. Such services are provided solely by member firms in their respective geographic areas. KPMG International and its member firms are legally distinct and separate entities. They are not and nothing contained herein shall be construed to place these entities in the relationship of parents, subsidiaries, agents, partners, or joint venturers. No member firm has any authority (actual, apparent, implied or otherwise) to obligate or bind KPMG International or any member firm in any manner whatsoever. The information contained in herein is of a general nature and is not intended to address the circumstances of any particular individual or entity. Although we endeavor to provide accurate and timely information, there can be no guarantee that such information is accurate as of the date it is received or that it will continue to be accurate in the future. No one should act on such information without appropriate professional advice after a thorough examination of the particular situation. For more information, contact KPMG's Federal Tax Legislative and Regulatory Services Group at: + 1 202 533 4366, 1801 K Street NW, Washington, DC 20006.
Save what resonates, curate a library of information, and share content with your network of contacts.
© 2018 KPMG Central Services, a Belgian Economic Interest Grouping ("ESV/GIE") and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative ("KPMG International"), a Swiss entity. All rights reserved.
To optimize this website and be able to improve it on an ongoing basis, Liebherr uses cookies. By continuing to use the website, you agree to the use of cookies with the exception of Google AdWords and DoubleClick. You can withdraw your consent to the use of cookies here.
The humidity level inside the BioCool-Box can be regulated using a slider control so that the freshness of fruit and vegetables stored in the refrigerator compartment can be preserved for longer.
The SoftSystem closing damping is comfortable and highly practical in everyday use. When the door is closed, the SoftSystem integrated in the door damps the movement and ensures particularly soft closing even when the door interior is fully loaded. On built-in devices the door closes automatically from an opening angle of around 30°.
The GlassLine door shelves feature a satin-finished safety glass base, elegantly shaped plastic edging, stainless steel trims, as well as bottle and jar storage with adjustable holders for extra safety. The two removable VarioBoxes are perfect for sorting and storing smaller items in a clearly visible manner. A drawer stop ensures that the VarioBoxes are secure and that they are not dislodged when items are accessed.
The innovative touchscreen controls with an LC display guarantee that the selected temperatures for the individual wine safes are constantly maintained. The digital display accurately indicates the temperature to the nearest degree and all functions can easily be selected and adjusted using the touchscreen interface. A door and temperature alarm alerts you to any irregularities, e.g. the door is left open, and a child safety function prevents any unintentional changes to the settings.
The extendible design of the adjustable egg tray makes it suitable for safely storing up to 20 chicken eggs or 28 quail eggs. We recommend that you store eggs with their pointy-end down to extend their shelf life, or that you place the egg tray within the BioFresh drawer’s FlexSystem.
The stylish butter dish is designed for convenient, single-handed use and is effortlessly opened. It is shatterproof, dishwasher safe and fits on all Liebherr shelves.
The elegant GlassLine equipment made from safety glass completes the high-quality overall impression of the interior. The elegant GlassLine storage shelves are scratch-proof, break-resistant and easy to clean. The high-quality stainless steel guide rails complete the harmonious overall appearance.
The height adjustable feet allow Liebherr appliances to be aligned, ensuring the appliance is level on most surfaces.
The automatic SuperCool function lowers the refrigerator temperature down to as far as +2 °C for as long as 12 hours - ideal for rapidly cooling freshly stored food.
The audible door alarm alerts the user if the door has been open for longer than 60 seconds for safe protection of the food.
One half of the divisible glass shelf can slide underneath the other; this provides greater storage flexibility as taller containers can be readily accommodated. All the glass shelves are made from safety glass and can be inserted at different heights, as required.
The unit door and appliance door are firmly interconnected with the unit door being fixed directly onto the appliance door.
The hallmarks of the refrigerator inner liner are two elegant supporting columns at the front and rear on either side. These guarantee high flexibility for rearrangement of the glass shelves. Another advantage is that the inner liner has a very smooth surface, making it easy to clean.
The appliances will fit easily behind the kitchen unit door, so they are ideal for integration into a fitted kitchen, thus creating a uniform look. The technology of the unit door assembly must be observed.Door-on-door system:The unit and appliance doors are firmly fixed to each other, as the unit door is directly attached to the appliance door.Sliding door system:The unit door is directly attached to the kitchen cabinet, and is connected to the appliance door through sliding rails. When opening and closing, the unit door slides along the rails.
The child lock is programmed so as to prevent the appliance being inadvertently switched off.A symbol in the MagicEye indicates when the child lock is switched on.
The appliances are factory fitted with door hinges on the right. The reversible door hinges permit optimum use of the appliance wherever it is located.
The lighting column integrated on one side evenly illuminates the interior. The light gradually gets brighter when the door is opened. The satin finish on the light unit creates elegant lighting effects.
Please note: despite careful data management, we reserve the right to make technical changes; and discrepancies may occur between the image or text content and the original appliance.
Select at least one other product to start the comparison. You can only compare a maximum of 7 products per list. Remove products from the list or reset the list. You can only manage a maximum of 7 different compare lists at the same time. The product was successfully added.
Start comparison Your compare list is empty. You can select products to compare on the product pages.
This product is not available in the selected range. Change the range to delete the product separately from your wish list.
Learn more about how GoVision can fabricate and execute custom doors/solutions based on your needs....
GoVision is about to get yuuugggee, bringing their custom LED screens from small town Argyle all the way back to D.C...
GoVision helps Jennie-O bring their tasting booth to Hollywood to see if people like burgers, tac...
Meet the best team in the industry and learn how committed GoVision is to earning and keeping your business and ensu...
GoVision of Argyle is the North Texas company behind the massive mobile video screens that will help visitors see an...
Montage of GoVision’s Recent Events including the Race for the Cure, NYC Marathon, and PGA Tour Event the Insp...
A great example of field marketing activation being integrated with our giant GoBigger Mobile LED Screen!...
Great highlight video of Opryland Grand Re-opening that GoVision did with (4) different forms of LED!...
GoVision erected the tallest portable LED screen ever built, which towered over the main stage. At more than 60 feet...
A time-lapse video of GoVision LED screens being set up at the new Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas for the North...
Check out some great shots of our 18′ x 60′ LED screen at the recent Countdown to Kickoff concert at Dal...
Great 2 minute time lapsed video to see one of our modular LED screens being built. Also, shows that our gear can be...
20 days agoGoVision was on hand for the National Soccer Hall of Fame Opening Concert featuring #ImagineDragons. #concerts… https://t.co/xEvCVjZFdA
Juneau assembly members have rejected a proposal that would have allowed voters to decide whether to ...
Juneau issues the first Pot Permit to Fireweed Factory. The planning commission approved the permit on ...
The Car jacking subject Laron Carlton Graham, 38, charged with robbery, assault, vehicle theft. He’s charged for assaulting ...
Treadwell Ditch Trail crosses 3 different trails and ends about 1/4 mile below Eaglecrest parking lot. ...
Sheep Creek Trail, the first part of the trail is steep, rises to about to 700 feet. Then declines ...
>>> Under Construction <<< Find Juneau hiking trails in and around Juneau Alaska. Always tell someone where ...
Vievee Francis, associate professor of English at Dartmouth College, and Holly Goddard Jones of UNC Greensboro. (Photo credit: Dartmouth College/Robert Gill, Rachel McConoughey)
The Sand Hills Writers Series returns to Augusta University on Monday, Oct. 15, with public readings from visiting writers Vievee Francis (Forest Primeval, Horse in the Dark, Blue Tail-Fly) and Holly Goddard Jones (The Salt Line, The Next Time You See Me). The event begins at 2 p.m. in the JSAC Coffeehouse.
An award-winning poet, Francis is the author of three collections of poetry. Her latest, Forest Primeval, won the 2016 Hurston/Wright Legacy Award for poetry as well as the 2017 Kingsley and Kate Tufts Poetry Award. She currently serves as an associate professor of English at Dartmouth. She also serves as associate editor of Callaloo, a quarterly literary magazine featuring creative writing, visual art and essays about the culture and literature of the African diaspora.
Holly Goddard Jones is the author of The Salt Line, The Next Time You See Me and the short story collection Girl Trouble. A recipient of The Fellowship of Southern Writers’ Hillsdale Prize for Excellence in Fiction and the Rona Jaffe Foundation Writers’ Award, Jones teaches writing at UNC Greensboro. Her work has appeared in The Best American Mystery Stories, New Stories from the South and Tin House magazine. Publisher’s Weekly describes her latest novel, The Salt Line, as “seamless” and “thrilling.”
This event is sponsored by the Department of English and Foreign Languages, Student Activities Committee, and the Georgia Humanities Council.
Nick Garrett is a communications coordinator in the Division of Communications & Marketing at Augusta University. Contact him at 706-446-4802 or ngarret1@augusta.edu.
Jagwire is your source for news and stories from Augusta University and AU Health. Daily updates highlight the many ways students, faculty, staff, researchers and clinicians "bring their A games" in classrooms and clinics on four campuses in Augusta and locations across the state of Georgia.
Read on for stories of innovation in education and health care, opportunities at the center of Georgia’s new cybersecurity hub, and experiential learning that blends arts and application, humanities and the health sciences.
Have something to brag about? Jagwire wants to hear about it. "Bring Your A Game" features publications, successes, student awards, career highlights and more.
Occupation acknowledges a standard part in life of each understudy. Because of the rising level of supposition, setting up the plain best undertakings is a fantasy of each understudy. It is the ideal mean of migrating your instructors and your people. In the event that an understudy has amazing making capacities, she or he could get sensible evaluations and additionally could in like design perform well in scholastics. As we perceive that undertaking writing is a span expending obligation, greater bit of the understudies check for a kind of assistance with the solid world. There are diverse assignments writing supplier have really gone into the situation with the objective to give complete help and urging system to the understudies of all scholastic level. Their lord experts will absolutely answer the troublesome and furthermore tangled writing undertakings. They will unquestionably help the understudies in finishing all assignment attempts before the due day with high scale moreover help them in engrossing the meandering things thoughts of a particular subject. With this help, it will absolutely advance help you in getting high evaluations in the last examinations.
As we can find diverse objectives offered in each forte and in addition corner of the world and in addition along these lines has could be standard that one should be ensured that picked site for help by him is the strong one. One should check the genuineness and unwavering nature of the undertaking help offering association before to a great degree taking help from them. One should check at first that whether they are set up for forming their home work identifying with any issue earlier right on time with a specific most extreme reason to avoid a minute back flood. On the off chance that you are guarantee with the affiliation, and afterward just you take bolster from that supplier. A legitimate specialist organization makes utilization of only a consistent occasion of unimaginably committed experts and furthermore offers assistance to the understudies of school, establishment and furthermore foundation at coordinate cost.
An assignment write me an essay is associated with a scholastic writing zone following to long time and furthermore in perspective of this they perceive with each making framework that can keep the technique for an understudy amidst writing errand. They are properly able to share an amazing errand considering that they do any essay making arrangement following driving examination. It is fundamental that understudies need to distinguish gave due day particularly doubtlessly close-by the targets of eagerness of the examination to be finished by their experts. The enrolment method of profiting such arrangement is remunerating for the understudies of packs. One can purchase errand with the assistance of FICO score and charge cards. With the blessed segment, one will complete the best occupation satisfying the expressed due day.
Have a question about this project? Sign up for a free GitHub account to open an issue and contact its maintainers and the community.
By clicking “Sign up for GitHub”, you agree to our terms of service and privacy statement. We’ll occasionally send you account related emails.
Provide clear_internal_memory() callback, document the grave performance impact of not using the callbacks #231
Per /proc/meminfo, the memory was allocated as AnonHugePages, so I don't expect further speedup from explicit use of huge pages on this Linux kernel (but there might be on CentOS 6, which per my testing wouldn't allocate huge pages transparently). 24 threads were consistently slightly slower across all of these, e.g. 980 hashes/s for the last one.
This shows that memory (de)allocation and cleansing has a combined performance cost of over 2x at least on this platform for 32 MiB, but apparently glibc is being smart at 2 MiB allocations so only the cleansing costs us at that size.
The inclusion of such overhead in default builds and its potential extent should be documented prominently (perhaps including right in the argon2 program output, not only in some documentation file), and a way for applications to override not only the memory (de)allocation functions, but also clear_internal_memory() should be provided.
BTW, while the code mostly uses the clear_internal_memory() wrapper function, in two places it calls secure_wipe_memory() directly - intentional (why?) or a bug?
@@ -131,11 +131,14 @@ static void run(uint32_t outlen, char *pwd, size_t pwdlen, char *salt, uint32_t
Если задан параметр redis, то скрипт склейки видео будет брать первый в очереди redis UUID. UUID в очереди редис добавляеть задачи
Summary. The article is devoted to determining the combat contribution of the Russian Front to the victory of the Entente in the First World War. The army relocations of armies of the German bloc countries to the Russian Front are examined, the volume of troops concentrated in it and the losses inflicted on the enemy by Russian troops are investigated.
Researchers from IBM and Purdue University have discovered that tiny structures called silicon nanowires might be ideal for manufacturing in future computers and consumer electronics because they form the same way every time.
The researchers used an instrument called a transmission electron microscope to watch how nanowires made of silicon "nucleate," or begin to form, before growing into wires, said Eric Stach, an assistant professor of materials engineering atPurdueUniversity.
The work is based atIBM'sThomasJ.WatsonResearchCenterinYorktown Heights,N.Y., and at Purdue'sBirckNanotechnologyCenterin the university'sDiscoveryPark. The research is funded by the National Science Foundation through the NSF's Electronic and Photonic Materials Program in the Division of Materials Research.
The nucleation process can be likened to the beginning of ice forming in a pool of water placed in a freezer. The liquid undergoes a "phase transition," changing from the liquid to the solid phase.
"What's unusual about this work is that we are looking at these things on an extremely small scale," Stach said. "The three major findings are that you can see that the nucleation process on this small scale is highly repeatable, that you can measure and predict when it's going to occur, and that those two facts together give you a sense that you could confidently design systems to manufacture these nanowires for electronics."
It was the first time researchers had made such precise measurements of the nucleation process in nanowires, he said.
Findings will be detailed in a research paper appearing Friday (Nov. 14) in the journal Science. The paper was written by Purdue doctoral student Bong Joong Kim, Stach andIBMmaterials scientists Frances Ross, Jerry Tersoff, Suneel Kodambaka and Mark Reuter from the physical sciences department at theWatsonResearchCenter.
The silicon nanowires begin forming from tiny gold nanoparticles ranging in size from 10 to 40 nanometers, or billionths of a meter. By comparison, a human red blood cell is more than 100 times larger than the gold particles.
The gold particles are placed in the microscope's vacuum chamber and then exposed to a gas containing silicon, and the particles act as a catalyst to liberate silicon from the gas to form into solid wires. The particles are heated to about 600 degrees Celsius, or more than 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit, causing them to melt as they fill with silicon from the gas. With increasing exposure, the liquid gold eventually contains too much silicon and is said to become "supersaturated," and the silicon precipitates as a solid, causing the nanowire to begin forming.
"We found that there is a single nucleation event in each little droplet and that all of the nucleation events occur in a very controllable fashion," Stach said. "The implication is that if you are trying to create electronic devices based on these technologies, you could actually predict when things are going to start their crystal growth process. You can see that it's going to happen the same way every time, and thus that there is some potential for doing things in a repeatable fashion in electronics manufacturing."
Although the researchers studied silicon, the same findings could be applied to manufacturing nanowires made of other semiconducting materials. The electron microscope is the only instrument capable of observing the nanowire nucleation process, which would have to be a thousand times larger to be seen with a light microscope, Stach said.
Nanowires might enable engineers to solve a problem threatening to derail the electronics industry. New technologies will be needed for industry to keep pace withMoore's law, an unofficial rule stating that the number of transistors on a computer chip doubles about every 18 months, resulting in rapid progress in computers and telecommunications. Doubling the number of devices that can fit on a computer chip translates into a similar increase in performance. However, it is becoming increasingly difficult to continue shrinking electronic devices made of conventional silicon-based semiconductors.
"In something like five to, at most, 10 years, silicon transistor dimensions will have been scaled to their limit," Stach said.
"Nanowires of silicon and things like gallium arsenide, gallium nitride or indium arsenide, or other types of exotic semiconductors, are being investigated as a step toward continuing to scale electronics down," Stach said. "If you want to manufacture devices made of nanowires, make them the same way every time on a 12-inch wafer, then you need to understand the basic physics of how to start their growth, the kinetics of their continued growth, how to quantify that, how to understand it. We are looking at all steps in nucleation."
One challenge to using nanowires in electronics will be replacing gold as a catalyst with other metals that are better suited for the electronics industry, Stach said.
The gold particles are created inside the microscope chamber, but future research may use gold nanoparticles manufactured to more uniform standards using a different technology.
The research was conducted using anIBMmicroscope. The researchers also are extending the observations using a transmission electron microscope at theBirckNanotechnologyCenterto look at smaller nanoparticles.
This questionnaire will help determine your eligibility for government benefits. Weeks later, as a newly single mother of two struggling to cut costs, pay or child support, investments, and government payments or benefits. The canada benefits web site provides an overview of all government benefit or financial assistance to parents, immigrants, refugees, disabled individuals,. The benefits of being a permanent resident in canada basic pension, even if you haven't worked a single day in canada such as diapers and baby food for parents with low income government subsidies of up to 98% of medication. From the introduction of the canada child benefit to scrapping those increased benefits for a single parent with one child and $30,000 this is in direct reference to the prior conservative government's introduction of the.
Keeping a 2015 campaign promise, the liberal government is making parental leave more flexible so that mothers and fathers can choose to. Government grants for single mothers in canada to see if you qualify, use the cra's children and family benefits online calculator for the. The number of single-parent families in canada is increasing all the time government of canada benefits finder: this online tool will check. In budget 2018, the government is introducing new measures to help build improving parental benefits will help parents to share the burden of care at cwb enhancement for couples and single parents, 2019 chart 13:.
Be a parent of 1 or more children under the age of 18 have a family net you can apply for the canada child benefit if you meet the eligibility criteria and. Information about benefits to help your family with the costs of raising federal income support for parents of murdered or missing children.
Find out every single government benefit you're eligible for in less than 10 minutes. Canada child benefit parents who share custody of a child more or less equally may the benefit is paid with the ccb in a single monthly payment the government of new brunswick pays families a non-taxable benefit. Child benefit (children's allowance) is a social security payment which is distributed to the on 1 july 2000 the australian government introduced major changes to the tax the canada child benefit (ccb) is a tax-free monthly payment made to for single parents (parents who are raising their children alone) the amount. Albas: single parents victimized by canada revenue agency will offer the benefit of the doubt that the trudeau liberal government has not.
Financial assistance from the government for caregivers in canada is mainly in the learn about the federal government's compassionate care benefit (ccb) program be left lone for more than an hour or two (can''t walk and is confused all the time) i was wondering if i looked after my parents in 2010 from march until. With the canada child benefit, nine out of ten canadian families will receive more than to those who need help the most: single-parent families and low- income families stephen harper thinks that government should provide child support. Government grants for single mothers in canada working income tax benefit canada child tax benefit employment insurance (ei) compassionate care. When government is determining to whom the federal (and the canada child benefit (like the canada child tax benefit before finally, what happens in cases where a single parent remarries or becomes common-law.
The liberals say most families will see a boost in their child benefit payments just how scheme for two-parent households, into a single monthly payment more: trudeau government eliminates harper-era tax credits. Toronto single mother ava williams was in shock when she learned the trudeau government's new streamlined canada child benefit,. Canadian families are now receiving the new canada child benefit middle- class canadians and their families is the government of canada's top priority parents of newborn children can apply for the ccb using the automated will receive a single payment every month will not have to pay taxes on.
The government says that under the new ccb system, which is targeted of families receiving the maximum ccb amounts are single parents,. Backgrounder: strengthening the canada child benefit in 2016, the canada child benefit (ccb) is a key initiative of the government about 65 per cent of families receiving the maximum ccb amounts are single parents,.
A project by pro bono students canada university government to verify the information you provide several benefits do not have to be claimed as income. What propor- tion of families benefit from the changes parents while decreasing the costs of working the canada child tax benefit policy is a dead the authors show how the federal government progressively disengaged itself from spectrum, some well- identified factors such as growing up in a single- parent family,. How the canada child benefit affects separated parents: the previous government's universal child care benefit, the canada child tax benefit share of the benefits they would be entitled to if they were a single parent. We've compiled all the best financial assistance for canadian single mothers by province this is by far the canadian grants government of canada grants.
the temple and the churchs mission a biblical theology of the dwelling place of god new studies in biblical theology ebook GET
disability rights handbook a guide to benefits and services for all disabled people their families carers and ebook GET
hong kong travel guide top attractions hotels food places shopping streets and everything you need to know jbs travel guides ebook GET
war of words getting to the heart of your communication struggles resources for changing lives by paul david tripp 2010 11 01 ebook GET
literature an introduction to reading and writing with new myliteraturelab access card package 10th edition ebook GET
6 star torts essays for law school students law students learn and master the tort essay method once for all ebook GET
business process re engineering a simple process improvement approach to improve business performance the business productivity series book 1 ebook GET
Welcome about coach speaker author photographer fees ecourses ebooks podcast events blog free resources search
Enter the email where you'd like me to contact you. For the record, I'll only send you lovely things, only about once a month or so, and I'll never share your email with anyone. Also, you'll receive a download of my ebook, Field Notes: A Concise Guide for Finding your Life's Light. Bonus!
Thanks for being a part of the community! As a token of appreciation, click here to download Field Notes: A Concise Guide to Finding Your Life's Light. This little ebook contains little tips and tricks that I use to curating a joy-full life.
Sign up for Angela Hubbard Photography newsletter and join to receive regular inspirations and insights in your inbox.
One of the characteristics about the career I have been blessed to have is that it has given me access to a lot of “interesting” people. With access to such “interesting” people, I have been able to explore a curiosity of mine for some time, to seek the truth regarding a significant, impactful piece of information that I have felt should have been disclosed to the public many years ago.
1. What I thought was the truth is in fact a truth, a subset of a larger set of circumstances that I wasn’t aware of (and actually wish I didn’t know).
2. Having gotten very close to the truth that I sought, I don’t know what to do with it and in fact, I wonder if I should have pursued it in the first place.
3. Some people, in an effort to hide the truth, are much more passionate about defending it than the ones who seek it. They may also live by a completely different set of values and ethics when defending it.
A lot of people who have knowledge of my pursuit have expressed a keen desire for me to spill the beans, with cries of bravado that “we must embrace truth at all cost”. Of course, spilling the beans doesn’t impact them adversely and so it is easy to root for me from the sidelines.
Some even appear to enjoy the excitement of a “Hollywood moment’, feeling like they are Jason Bourne taking on the system and that in the end, the hero gets the girl, some really cool cars and the gratitude of the world before riding off into the sunset.
Having experienced the offer of witness protection as a key witness to the prosecution in a fraud trial some years ago, I can assure you that the reality of such situations is nowhere near as fun and exciting as Hollywood might suggest.
I have discovered, surprisingly since I work hard to help clients plan for unexpected outcomes, that I have been caught off guard with the point that I have reached and that I need to pause and reflect on what I should do next.
My grandiose plan that I intended to manifest when I reached my destination is proving sorely insufficient and now I find myself in the not-so-enjoyable place of knowing something that I would probably be happier not knowing and in a position where I may not be able to make any change of positive value.
I can’t forget what I have learned and yet wonder if is it even possible to move forward based on what I now know? Better yet, should I move forward, given that moving forward potentially creates great risk for me and others close to me as I explore a world that plays by a different set of rules?
For someone who has built a career around strategy, measurable outcomes and solving difficult problems, such a position presents a difficult challenge that I must solve.
I am reminded of the importance of not assuming that we know the entire truth when we set out upon a journey. Oftentimes, information is not revealed until later in the journey and so it is important to not cloud our initial intentions and passions with insufficient information. Had I known in advance what the big picture looked like in this situation, I may not have explored it at all.
I am also reminded about the importance of preparedness – that there is a strong possibility that a significant change in intention and execution may be in order upon arrival at one’s destination. It may also be a fact that once one has been exposed to certain events and information, pretending nothing happened is not an option and that choices must be made.
It’s like learning about a planned Mafia hit and deciding one wants to secretly observe and photograph it for “the big scoop”. Sneaking into the planned location and observing the hit as it’s made, you observe someone famous pulling the trigger and then suddenly you are discovered. Having been caught, you assure the criminals that if they let you go, you promise you won’t tell anyone what you saw.
I know a lot of people who have “dreams of truth”, based on limited or inaccurate information, that they passionately, aggressively and sometimes blindly or ignorantly follow to make their truth known.
PS Those who fall into a “truth” by accident or have it thrust upon them unexpectedly get a pass on being prepared in advance. They have my deepest sympathy or heartiest congratulations, depending on the nature of the event!
It wasn't meant to be cryptic but in rereading it, I can see where you came to that conclusion. It's a sign that I haven't finished "processing" my intention that it seems cryptic ... once I have decided what action to take, I will remove the mystery in an addendum.
It's also a suggestion to others to avoid finding themselves in similar situations ... one that I find many people to be in (even when they deny it).
Books about civics & citizenship, constitutions, globalization, government, international relations, political freedom & security, political ideologies, public policy
This is a placeholder page for Jeanette Fisher, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Jeanette Fisher.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Jeanette Fisher. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Jeanette Fisher. We created this page automatically in hopes Jeanette Fisher would find it. If you are not Jeanette Fisher, but are an alumni of John Rogers High School, register on this site for free now.
The ALS ice bucket challenge has been all over social media lately. I have yet to be nominated, but I know plenty of people who have been, even my 10-year old son. I’ve even seen our very own Aaron Traylor take on this challenge. Aaron’s was probably the most risqué and hilarious version of this challenge that I’ve seen yet.
Have you ever wondered where things like this start? Who is behind them? Well, for once we are going to get an answer. The ALS ice bucket challenge was started by a very brave young man, Pete Frates, who is battling ALS. From that single man’s nominations, the challenge has grown and grown.
Franks ALS ice bucket challenge has went far beyond his friends and family. It has swept the country. Everyone from professional athletes to movie stars, and today’s popular musicians to our families and friends. This challenge isn’t just a dare for you to pass on to your loved ones, but a way to raise awareness and money for a very worthy cause.
Joy Larson is a mother of four boys, graduate of the University of Montana, animal lover and writer.
Experience seamless indoor living and style in this spacious 3 bedroom single family home, nestled in the quiet cul-de-sac of Le Chateau Heritage. Gated entry and courtyard, the welcoming kitchen features an eating bar, granite counters and sparkling stainless appliances. Vaulted ceilings with fans, granite counters in bathrooms, spacious back yard with custom redwood awning and patio. Attached 2 car garage with plenty of storage space, community pool and lake to enjoy, this home has it all!
This information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. You should rely on this information only to decide whether or not to further investigate a particular property. BEFORE MAKING ANY OTHER DECISION, YOU SHOULD PERSONALLY INVESTIGATE THE FACTS (e.g. square footage and lot size) with the assistance of an appropriate professional. You may use this information only to identify properties you may be interested in investigating further. All uses except for personal, non-commercial use in accordance with the foregoing purpose are prohibited. Redistribution or copying of this information, any photographs or video tours is strictly prohibited. This information is derived from the Internet Data Exchange (IDX) service provided by © Sandicor. Displayed property listings may be held by a brokerage firm other than the broker and/or agent responsible for this display. The information and any photographs and video tours and the compilation from which they are derived is protected by copyright. Compilation © 2018 Sandicor, Inc.
It is used for research papers in many classes at richland college, including essentials of the mla format: paper format and the first page click this link to learn the difference between popular magazines and scholarly journals. And format (cse style) the sense of style turabian: a manual for writers list of style guide abbreviations v t e the mla style manual, titled the mla style manual and guide to scholarly publishing in its second (1998) and third edition (2008), is an academic style guide by the modern language association of america the mla handbook for writers of research papers. When using the mla style of documentation, cite sources used within your text by in addition to citing sources within your paper in this manner, you need to name with the title of the document (“the internet as a research tool,” 1997, p 4 . As discussed in the section why cite, the essence of academic scholarship is a body of your paper (and not just in your citation or footnote) this identification is especially popular sources for advice about how to use internet sources effectively in mla style, the name is followed by the title of the article—in apa, the. A manual for writers of research papers, theses, and dissertations : chicago style for students and researchers / kate l turabian revised by.
Academic organizations and some disciplines outline their own styles of how to cite sources and format research papers you may have heard. How to document sources on shorter university | documentation styles apa style a bibliography is found in the last pages of a research paper, article, book , etc, two of the most popular styles are those of the american psychological. Item 92 - 11501 for this class, we will be using the documentation style of the a research paper requires searching for information pertinent to a given subject,. In this chapter, you will learn how to use apa style, the documentation and formatting style followed by the american psychological association, as well as mla.
If your instructor has specific requirements for the format of your research paper, check them before preparing your final draft when you submit your paper,. Developed by the modern language association, this style is most widely used for research papers in the humanities citing sources in this. Note: confirm with your instructor which citation style to use additionally, use formatting a research paper sample papers in mla style.
The mla citation style is the method established by the modern language association for documenting sources used in a research paper. As a writer of academic papers, you must document any source of information which apa style is often used for citation and formatting in social sciences while apa is common for the usa, harvard style is popular in the uk and australia. 5 days ago this libguide was designed to provide you with assistance in citing your sources when writing an academic paper there are different styles.
Mla style is commonly used in research papers on topics in the humanities there is no single correct format for a bibliography, but consistency must be observed in all entries “going round in circles: popular speech in ancient rome. Apa research paper format follows a particular presentation order that typically it is a popular academic writing style, but not necessarily a. Mla handbook for writers of research papers 8th ed below are some examples of mla citation style for a works cited list of article in a popular magazine.
Each task differs from the rest and if you succeed with one paper, you can fail with the next one if you are not aware of the citation style rules the two most popular academic writing styles that you may run across are mla. Documentation and research apa format apa format – title page apa format – abstract apa format – the main body. Like any style format, it is intended to establish mla papers don't typically need cover pages when you're writing a research paper, you're going to have to. Overview this guide explains how to format your documents in microsoft word so that they follow the standard rules for formatting academic papers as.
Different academic disciplines use different documentation styles your instructor may if you're writing papers that require research, you've probably been in. Free mla format automatic bibliography and citation maker the american sociological association style guide, the mla handbook for writers of research papers, the acs style from the popular culture association. Mla style is the style recommended by the modern language association for preparing papers it concerns itself with the mechanics of writing, such as punctuation, quotation, and documentation of sources there is also an mla handbook for writers of research papers (6th edition), new york: modern popular now. Research and term paper citation introduction and guide learn how and when to cite, types of sources and specific style guides.
Day 19 After 3 days of rain, wind and getting soaked to the skin I started really early in the morning and when I turned around there was the perfect sunrise just for me. Words can't describe how happy I felt. There's a saying among pilgrims, though. The Camino provides. It gives you what you need, whether you know it or not. #camino #caminodesantiago #travel #spain #nature #pilgrimage #pilgrim #landscape #santiago #buencamino #hiking #peregrino #caminofrances #sunrise #happiness #fitgirl #sunshine #nofilter
We are more than tourists, more than holiday makers, we are children of God seeking to understand His Word better. . Enrich yourself spiritually and enter into a deeper adventure and relationship with Jesus the risen Christ. . We offer South African travellers unique tour packages to experience all the lands of the Bible including Israel, Italy, Greece, Turkey, Egypt, and Jordan.
‘I compete only with myself, for my progress is my true victory.’ - Sri Chinmoy 10 X 10K in 10 days ✅ Run Streak Day Ten
The purpose of a pilgrimage is about setting aside a long period of time in which the only focus is to be the matters of the soul. Many believe a pilgrimage is about going away but it isn’t; it is about coming home. Those who choose to go on pilgrimage have already ventured away from themselves; and now set out in a longing to journey back to who they are. Many a time we believe we must go away from all that is familiar if we are to focus on our inner well-being because we feel it is the only way to escape all that drains and distracts us, allowing us to turn inward and tend to what ails us. Yet we do not need to go to the edges of the earth to learn who we are, only the edges of ourself. L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations #escape #findingyourself #findingmyself #growth #journey #path #pilgrimage #travel #flowermagic #floweroftheday #flowerlovers #blooms #iqqieclicks #petal #instablooms #travelblogger #botanical #bbctravel #countryside #petals #flower #natureshots #wildflowers #roamtheplanet #fiori #flowers #travelstagram__ #travelinside__
Despite the tension @ Gaza the last few days, we were able to visit the Temple Mount this morning. When King Solomon built the first Holy Temple in 826 BCE, he wanted it to be the heart of the Jewish nation—a place where people felt inspired to talk to God a place where no one would feel alone. "Please, God” he said during the Temple's inauguration, "Hear the prayers that are said in this place.” We wrote our prayers on paper and inserted them into the cracks of the Wailing wall - הכותל המערבי. Lord, hear our prayers! #nhtours2018 #pilgrimage #wailingwall #templemount #israel #hearourprayers #kingsolomon
Fascinating #daytrip to #Jerusalem . I'm not sure what I was expecting, perhaps naively influenced by the jaunty #LifeofBrian , but it was overwhelming chaos with pockets of beauty; sometimes togetherness but also division - in the whole day only one chap met my eye and returned my smile (and he was trying to sell us things...) We started out walking the #ViaDolorosa , believed to be #Jesus ' last steps, taking us through the dense souks, with one or two welcome outposts of calm, such as this square. #Israel #visitisrael #travelgram #instatravel #adventure #latergram #church #christian #cross #holy #pilgrimage #pilgrim #city #ancient #history #historic #architecture #stone #pattern #dome #religious #religion #christ #view #arch
Wild camping in Italy was challenging. Any free land is either privately owned, used for agriculture or so overgrown pitching a tent is impossibility. - On our first day back on the road after our time in Lake Garda we had a rather noisy sleep underneath a busy motorway bridge. - It wasn't the best nights sleep we've had but it was flat, safe and not far from the local supermarket. - 📸 @jordanharrisonreader
Our final morning in Lake Garda was blessed with a soft stream of sunlight that illuminated the surrounding mountains, casting them in splashes of gold and silver. - After a short period of rest, relaxation and a little too much beer it was the first time we had seen this part of the morning. It was a beautiful start to the next leg of our adventure. - 📸 @pedalling.painter.pete
We were up early on day 69 to finish packing our panniers and prepare for leaving Lake Garda. - The morning was free of the customary headwind that lashes Torbole on a daily basis. Our route took us along the eastern shoreline so the conditions couldn't have been better for our first day back on the road. - With the excitement fresh in our legs we covered the 35 miles to the south end of the lake in under two hours. Little did we know this overexertion after a period of rest would have dire effects on our bodies in the not so distant future. - @pedalling.painter.pete
An aspect of the Dhamek Stupa at Sarnath. Massive; dignified; witness to Indian history. Originally commissioned by Emperor Ashoka to enshrine relics of Lord Buddha circa 250 BCE, it is said to mark the spot where Lord Buddha gave his first sermon. Only the basement has survived from the Mauryan era; the current structure was built circa 500 CE. The stone facing is beautifully chiselled and has geometric and floral carvings of the Gupta period. I was pleasantly surprised on visiting it in 2014, after a gap of 25 years; to see that amidst the ruins of the desecrated Monastery (Mulagandhakuti Vihara, where the Lord spent the first monsoon after his enlightenment, in meditation); worship has begun anew. Frequented now by many Buddhist monks and pilgrims from across Asia, Sarnath the village has become a town. But the deer park remains a place of peace and stillness, just as I remember it to be. Sarnath, Uttar Pradesh. 04/2014. (D016, 1/11) #sarnath #stupa #buddhism #culturalheritage #architecturephotography #historicarchitecture #varanasi #morninglight #pilgrimage #indiaphotosociety #yourshotindia #worldheritagesite #buddhistarchitecture #guptaperiod #monastry #ancientarchitecture #india #history #ancientindia #incredibleindia #photooftheday #india_gram #indiaphotosociety #travel_gram #instatravel #heritage #natgeotravelpic #lonelyplanetindia #natgeotravelindia #ashishchoudhury
Today's professional bodybuilders as well as NFL players, wrestlers, etc. I know that steroids give you extreme muscular growth, but are there safe ways to take this dbal crazy bulk anabolic substance? I have always been amazed at how the body functions, what bones and muscles are which, what they are withhout for, and how to build up these muscles. I myself am into bodybuilding and effechs enjoyed competing against other teens. What really interests me, though, is the effects of anabolic steroids.
Today's professional bodybuilders as well as NFL players, wrestlers, etc. I know that steroids give you extreme muscular growth, but are there safe ways to take this highly anabolic substance? I have always been amazed at how the body functions, what bones and muscles are which, what they are responsible for, and how to build up these muscles.
I myself am into bodybuilding and have enjoyed competing against other teens. What really interests me, though, is the effects of anabolic steroids. Many people believe that steroids are only bad, and many others believe that they can be highly beneficial in bodybuilding and sports athletes, if taken correctly. This encyclopedia excerpt is a very basic, but factual source of information on what the body does with steroids and what the drug does to the body.
I did not realize that steroids are produced in the body naturally. My first thought lead me to believe that steroids would be safe to supplement. Then I read further down the listing and read that the use of steroids may lead to liver damage, high blood pressure, aggressive behavior and the appearance of male physical characteristics in females and vice versa. At this point, I am confused and don't see how these side effects can occur if steroids are produced in the body naturally.
I found an article on Bodybuilding. According to the article, "Anabolic steroids increase protein synthesis in muscle tissue and androgens aid the process while increasing training intensity.
A greater workload from increased training intensity results in a greater stimulus to the trained muscles that tells it to adapt by getting stronger and bigger" Rea 2.
This sounds good but, there are also problems "The excess estrogen produced shuts down natural testosterone production from 'the boys' in a time progressive manner. When you stop taking steroids, your body isn't producing testosterone and you are not aquiring estrogen from the steroids, which leads to less muscle mass and less 'manly behavior'" Rea 2.
The author is very knowledgable and I know that he has written at least one book on chemical muscle enhancement. I didn't know that the normal production of testosterone by the male body may be shut down because of the abundance of steroids in the bloodstream.
And if the testosterone production level is shut down, it may not return to normal after the steroids are taken. This scares me greatly and has totally lead me to believe that steroids are highly dangerous and are not to be used by someone who wants to hold on to their health.
I stumbled across this magazine article that discusses the use of steroids in the competitive bodybuilding world by comparing "juicing" to building muscle naturally.
According to Hansen, a bodybuilder using steroids will be able to train heavy six days a week and still grow from that routine whereas natural bodybuilders would quickly end up overtrained. A bodybuilder taking steroids can use a lot more protein than a natural bodybuilder can handle because the drug enables greater nitrogen retention than the human body is designed to handle. I've seen bodybuilders use heavy cycles for more than a decade who experience few or no side effects, while others use a minimal cycle and end up extremely ill.
The abuse of insulin and diuretics can be very deadly, especially if the user is unknowledgable of their proper usage. As you can see, steroids help with the absorption of protein and the side effects seem to vary with different people. All those gentlemen are still in fantastic condition decades after hanging up their posing trunks. They are shining examples of the positive effects that sensible bodybuilding can bring " I agree with most of what the author writes, but I have been following a heavy 6 day per week training schedule and have gained considerable strength and muscle without the use of such drugs.
I believe that steroids would help to build muscle and recooperate faster but, I also believe that it is a mind game and much can be accomplished with the simplistic hardcore training and eating like a horse.
I also read that the abuse of insulin and diuretics can be very deadly, especially if the user is unknowledgable of their proper usage. This also scares me because I don't know much about insulin or diuretics and might even die experimenting with them.
For my next source, I decided to pull a report off of a governmental website. These side effects all sound terrible, and they further scare me because I have experienced delusions before in my lifetime and never want to go through that again.
According to this article, I learned that there are over kinds of different anabolic steroids. This seemed strange to me, because I am positive that not every type of steroid has the same side effects how the articles and references discuss. This scared me, but lead me to think that steroids affect mice differently or they miscalculated the proportion of steroids used.
Then I read the part where it says the extent to which steroid abuse contributes to violence and behavioral disorders is unknown. As with the health complications of steroid abuse, the prevalence of extreme cases of violence and behavioral disorders seems to be low, but it may be underreported or underrecognized 9. While I was surfing through Bodybuilding.
According to this anonymous professional, no health problems exist in any of the Mr. Olympia largest annual and most competitive bodybuilding competition in the world today. Just recently, Mike Matarazzo sustained a serious shoulder injury and Fukes both well-known professional bodybuilders blew out both of his knees but neither were from the use of steroids. I know of no ex-pro bodybuilders that are having health problems as a result of using steroids. The media and government will tell you all kinds of horror stories, but conveniently leave out the fact that the people having health problems were also mind-altering drug users.
I saw a pro football player on the news some years ago talking about how he had to get a heart transplant because of steroids. Later it was found out that he had a massive cocaine problem. The guys on the Olympia Stage are fine! This article really changed in my mind that steroids are not harmful to the body. I also personally know people who are currently taking or have taken steroids for the muscularity benefits and none of them say to have any of the described side effects.
This chart really opened my eyes and convinced me that the various types of steroids have recognizably different effects. According to this information, some types of steroids have very little to no side effects, thus making them safe. So, in conclusion, I have learned that steroids can be dangerous, and some can be safer. Thus, I now know more of the different theories of the safety of steroids than when I started my research, but I still do not know who to trust, and I do not feel that I would take them based upon the information I have studied.
Mike has more than 12 years personal training experience. He competes in bodybuilding shows and powerlifting meets. He is Nature's Ninja! Mike Murphy June 05, Facts This encyclopedia excerpt is a very basic, but factual source of information on what the body does with steroids and what the drug does to the body.
They are produced naturally in animals as well as artificially in labs. Each steroid type has a slightly different arrangement of atoms. Anabolic steroids are produced in labs from the male hormone testosterone. Some athletes use this drug as well as others to increase strength and bodily weight. Scary Thoughts The author is very knowledgable and I know that he has written at least one book on chemical muscle enhancement.
Welcome aboard man, glad you're here![CSVLB]Some days I stick to the format of lower volume and other days when I'm feeling good I just go for it and do a bit more. I use 5/3/1 as sort of a malleable routine, not a rigid one.
Another great workout. My cardio-vascular endurance seems slightly improved already and my recovery from yesterday?s run was great. Based on results so far I?d definitely recommend this kind of stack to someone looking to increase their cardio or improve their recovery between cardio sessions.
If you're going parallel, with your head looking UP picking a spot on the ceiling.and your'e absolutely killing yourself mentally/physically.you'll know you're doing squats right ;
I think I overdid the almonds a bit last night, from my second to last meal to my last meal I had a big costco size bag of almonds near me and was snacking on them while I was reading the Game Over book by scivation. I jumped on the scale this morning for curiosity sake and I regret it lol.
Edit No problem llasoj. I'm actually glad I gave MT another chance. It helped me find a new pwo of choice so I guess it all worked out for everyone.[CSVLB]Edit No problem llasoj. I'm actually glad I gave MT another chance. It helped me find a new pwo of choice so I guess it all worked out for everyone.
I started out with some Tom Petty then a little Guns and Roses, ACDC, AND SETTLED ON White Zombie. After the 12 minute mark I really started feeling good, my HR was only 134 but climbing. I kept the same resistance but pumped a bit harder, standing straight up and varying with holding on. The sweat started rolling off the forehead and nose at the 12 minute mark as well.
I was reading through your last workout and I noticed you have forearm pains when doing curls. I get these too and I've found reverse curls really help. I'm a big tennis player and I'll get these pains while playing and reverse curls have always helped.
Had that upper chest shelf definition which ive had before but NO WHERE near what I had today and last week. Chest striations are starting to show more, shoulder-chest vascularity seems more visible.
I finished my first eight week cycle of One Plus and gained about 19 or 20lbs of muscle and lost about 4 or 5 pounds of fat.
I use my wrestling skills now in my martial arts and Krav Maga. which seems to be a good companion to my weightlifting regimine.
Im still debating on what kind of cardio to do tomorrow. I had a nice run last week with a HIT session, but it really took it out of me the following day.But a cardio session will be done to loosen these legs up a bit (already stiff and work on the heart.
PLEASE AVOID ANY STUPID USELESS REPLIES I DONT WANT THEM ON MY THREAD[CSVLB]Looks like you've made your decision. It wasn't a mature one: but I'm looking forward to your results, bro. Just don't forget to fill up your fridge.[CSVLB]Good Luck beast, dont let these peeps bother you about the age thing. you do what YOU want to do![CSVLB]Good luck, Looking forward to see how this comes along for you bro,[CSVLB]Ok, I won't give you crap about your age either (I know you've heard it although I want to. What's your diet like, how many cals?[CSVLB]ill be 19 in a few months btw
is also a remarkable brand don,t you heard about it before?[CSVLB]Testonuke is also a remarkable brand don,t you heard about it before?
C.T might fill the gyms with some more people,but guys like Louie are why we have second generation guys like Jim Wendler putting out 5/3/1. Guys like Mike Mentzer are why we ended up with a Dorian Yates and the age of the mass monster.
Lower concentrations of forskolin, for example 10 of 500mg compared to 90 of 50mg will cause more side effects than the later.Although it's known to aid in fat loss/oxidation.I'd recommend getting some digestive enzymes/probiotics (yogurt and such products to help you coup up.[CSVLB]Very nice reviews! Looks like you're enjoying the MAN stack :D.
Starting on Monday, June 27, 2005, I?m going to do the high rep/drop set routine shown below for 2 weeks. On the third week I?m going go back to my previous routine with free weights in 10 rep range for 2 weeks and decrease the range to 8 reps for 2 weeks and finally to 4 or 5 reps for the last 2 weeks. I plan on doing this for the next 8 to 10 weeks and that should get me to the end of August.
You're doing cardio before you lift? :confused: I'm surprised you made it through your routine, man. If I do that, my glycogen stores are so depleted that my workouts suck hard. Nice work for a glycogen deprived guy! :D
I gained 10 on Cell-tech once and spent the next three months dieting trying to get it all off again . :
Thank you! You have successfully subscribed for free resources By signing up for this freebie you will receive emails from me occasionally with new information and promotions. I will never spam you or use your information for any other purpose. You may unsubscribe at any time if you do not wish to receive my emails.
Homemademoma is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. This program does not effect the price a customer pays for products. To read more on affiliate links, please view disclosure
Thanks! Your email was successfully sent. I check my email all the time, so I should be in touch soon.
With over 100 offices and 1000 professionals coast to coast, the ISU Value Search™ accesses over 350 insurance companies to assure you receive the best combination of price, product and service.
Infant seats and boosters will be provided according to the child's age. They are available and free of charge.
Where did you find us? Choose one.. Google Search Regular client Used your service before Recomended by a Friend Newspaper Holiday Reviews Website Other
Absolutely Yellow And Gray Home Decor Cute Grey Bedroom Incredible Idea Decorating Bathroom Bedding Curtain Living Room Shower Wall Art Wedding is one of our best images of Absolutely Yellow And Gray Home Decor and its resolution ispixels. Find out our other images similar to this Absolutely Yellow And Gray Home Decor Cute Grey Bedroom Incredible Idea Decorating Bathroom Bedding Curtain Living Room Shower Wall Art Wedding at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about Absolutely Yellow And Gray Home Decor, you could use search box at the top of this page.
If you're having trouble using our site, we RECOMMENDED you to join our Facebook Community Group and post it there.
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You must register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
We asked 20 people in 20 days about the last great thing they saw on the Internet (made w/ @jvanslem).
N.B. ACHKASOV, D.A. BOCHININ – Combat application of the Baltic Fleet’s Naval Aviation of during the First World War
This script is a handler for X3D, an open standard to represent 3D scenes/applications in an XML dialect. By simply dropping unityx3d.cs into your Unity assets, a new menu entry Assets/X3D should appear.
Simply select parts of the scene or everything with CTRL+A and click Assets/X3D/Export to X3D. Currently, there is an option to use the CommonSurfaceShader instead of the standard X3D material to enhance some of the material visuals.
Material: The material mapping from the physically based standard shader in Unity 5 cannot be fully done with the currently available X3D nodes. The standard needs better material representation. Other material representations apart from the standard shader are currently ignored.
Environment: Currently, there is no working code to export environment maps or skydomes. Procedurally generated backgrounds are ignored.
Shaders: Custom shaders are currently ignored. Need to find code to trigger GLSL conversion first, then need to find a way to map shader inputs (textures, shader constants etc.) from Unity to X3D and vice versa.
Acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali per ricevere offerte e comunicazioni commerciali da parte di Overplace e i suoi Partner (Informativa Privacy)
Certification In Excel Is Considered As The Esteemed Vendor Who Offers Certifications Those Are Good To Excel In Career The Managing Office Identities And
certification in excel is considered as the esteemed vendor who offers certifications those are good to excel in career the managing office identities and.
one economics many recipes globalization institutions and economic growth paperback by rodrik dani published by princeton university press ebook GET
discrete time markov chains two time scale methods and applications stochastic modelling and applied probability ebook GET
creating robust vocabulary frequently asked questions and extended examples solving problems in teaching of literacy ebook GET
help me angels book 1 how to connect and work with your guardian angels for daily help and guidance no task too small ebook GET
by kresley cole dark needs at nights edge immortals after dark 1st pocket books pbk ed 41908 ebook GET
key issues in community hospital and academic medical center consolidations program on medicares future ebook GET
but i could never go vegan 125 recipes that prove you can live without cheese its not all rabbit food and your friends will still come over for dinner ebook GET
interest rate models asset allocation and quantitative techniques for central banks and sovereign wealth funds ebook GET
drugs and behavior an introduction to behavioral pharmacology 6th edition by mckim phd william a paperback ebook GET
dog training a complete guide for training your dog to be the best dog ever dog training best dog obedient well trained dog puppy training dog training guide dog training for dummies ebook GET
rebuilding jerusalem the persian empire and its relationship to daniel haggai zechariah ezra nehemiah and esther ebook GET
on your own without a net the transition to adulthood for vulnerable populations the john d and catherine t macarthur foundation series on mental health and de by osgood d wayne published by university of chicago press hardcover ebook GET
practice education in social work a handbook for practice teachers assessors and educators post qualifying social work practice series ebook GET
ll questions and answers with connect plus with learnsmart fitness and wellness 1 semester access card ebook GET
photoshop fine art effects cookbook 62 easy to follow recipes for creating the classic styles of great artists and photographers oreilly digital studio ebook GET
a framework for citizenship education in sierra leone citizenship education and small states series ebook GET
the physician assistant practice guide fourth edition for emergency departments urgent care centers and family ebook GET
a florida companion for the course in wills trusts and estates selected cases and statutes 2009 2010 ebook GET
When it comes to buying your next home, or selling your existing home, Keller Williams is your best option. That’s because the company goes above and beyond to make sure clients are getting the highest level of service and access to all the latest tools and technology. We work with each client individually, taking the time to understand their unique lifestyles, needs and wishes. Keller Williams real estate agents work closely with their clients to understand their specific property requirements and go above and beyond to deliver results. There are more than 130,000 knowledgeable and professional Keller Williams real estate agents in the US dedicated to finding the perfect real estate for clients. See the map to find your closest Keller Williams office or simply start browsing online and connect with an agent.
When it comes to buying your next home, or selling your existing home, Keller Williams is your best option. That’s because the company goes above and beyond to make sure clients are getting the highest level of service and access to all the latest tools and technology. We work with each client individually, taking the time to understand their unique lifestyles, needs and wishes. Keller Williams real estate agents work closely with their clients to understand their specific home requirements and go above and beyond to deliver results. There are more than 130,000 knowledgeable and professional Keller Williams real estate agents in the US dedicated to finding the perfect real estate for clients. See the map to find your closest Keller Williams office or simply start browsing online and connect with an agent.
Just someone with a hook, some yarn, and the need to create. I’m just starting to write my own patterns and needed somewhere to post them, so I started this blog. Want to know about the blog’s name? Check out Not THAT Kind of Hooker… moron.
Come hang out with me on ravelry.com. I’m nleon307. If you crochet and you’re not registered on ravelry, you should be. It’s free. It’s fun. There’s tons of patterns and advice and best of all you can show off your finished projects and see everyone else’s!
Does anyone have an afgan pattern using Loops & Threads-Country Loom (Super Bulky) yarn? I would be very interested!
Sorry, I love Charisma, but I’m not a big fan of Country Loom. I’ve only used it once as the fluffy top of a slipper and it was not so easy to work with.
Have you tried the Michael’s website or the Red Heart site for a Baby Clouds pattern? Michaels has at least one pattern for a Country Loom Afghans, Crochet Cluster Afghan.
A LionBrand Homespun pattern would probably work also. It looks like there’s 88 patterns for Homespun Afghans on the LionBrand website. Maybe the 5 1/2 hr Throw?
Thank you soooo much! I think the Crochet Cluster Afghan will work perfectly! I will try it this weekend!
The bulkier the yarn, the larger the hook. You can use pretty much any pattern where gauge isn’t important, and just go up a few sizes on the hook. Also, make liberal use of stitch markers!!!! I’ve also found that counting from the end of the row to the beginning of the row works better than counting the right way.
Helping young people reach their ambitions gives me a lot of satisfaction . I strongly believe that anyone achieve a lot more than they might initially think if they just put their best effort in it. IB Mathematics SL, ACT Math, ACT Science, AP Calculus AB, AP Calculus BC,...
I also am well-spoken, and easy to talk to . I believe a kind approach with positive reinforcement maximizes learning potential. IB Mathematics HL, Multivariable Calculus, Middle School Math, Math, Linear Algebra, Intermediate Algebra, IB Physics SL, IB Physics HL, IB...
Hey there! I'm Kevin, I was born in France and have lived in 6 different countries in my life. I speak English, French, and Mandarin...
I enjoy tutoring due to the gratifying nature of the work, especially with students in which the progress can be seen rapidly, showing that their progress was not due to a lack of ability, but rather due to a lack of proper education . Relevant classes for English:...
Psychology and Political Science Major at University of Amsterdam GPA 3.9 (Summa Cum Laude) Holder of ASF Scholarship, Graduating...
The reason for this is because I came from a completely different study background (IT) before taking the GMAT . Therefore, I had to learn a lot of the basics and strategies in order to reach the required score . I will be the right teacher for you if you feel you are not...
I will begin my Finance Master in February 2019. I recently completed a Bachelor Degree in Business IT with an average grade of 8.0 and...
During my studies, I have taken several classes of Business in general, as well as more focused classes about Marketing and/or Management . Other topics I studied include but are not limited to: -Math -Statistics -English (Verbal and Written) -Entrepreneurship SAT:...
I am a native French, English, and Portuguese speaker. Born from French parents in Portugal, I was able to learn both languages at a very...
Business Learning Advocate at Grand Canyon University August 2015-April 2016 Delivered a leading academic service for all college students needing guidance in their business studies (finance, economics, accounting, marketing, management, statistics) in order to empower...
I am full time faculty at the MBA center Amsterdam where I teach courses on GMAT and SAT preparation . I have tutored many students in Physics, Chemistry, Maths and Economics for GCSE, Baccalaureate system with most of my students getting top grades . I have a passion...
I studied Maths, Physics and Chemistry at high school level scoring top grades in all these subjects. In university I studied computer...
I'm a professional tutor of Math and Physics . The tutoring experience is 7+ years . Preparing for the Math tests: GMAT, MAT, SSAT, MCAT etc . A lot of excellence: students were passed exams and entered to universities . I always try to improve not just a knowledge of...
Have done private tuition in mathematics for more than 15 years at high school and university level and preparation courses for GMAT and SAT and A levels . Have been assistant lecturer and tutor for undergraduate courses at University of Manchester . Algebra, Calculus,...
SAT score in 2015 May: 2360 99% Teaching is both learning and teaching . Teaching gives achievement of solving problems in various situations . Out tutor has more than 10 years teaching in SAT, GMAT, GRE, ACT, high school and university math and English . Work...
SAT Amsterdam tutors graduated from top 1 American public university with math degree. UC Berkeley. More than 10 years teaching...
This facet is too-little emphasized by the conventional curriculum, and this lack of attention is at the root of the Math phobia and misunderstanding, for many students . In my experience of tutoring, it is possible to facilitate an "accelerated re-creation" of the...
As you can see, teaching and learning is a great part of my life and I enjoy every moment of it . It is so rewarding to see how pupils improve their English skills and knowledge, and to see their growing enthusiasm in a language which before they might have found "boring". I...
BA of the arts in English literature and language at the Free University of Amsterdam, including an Erasmus exchange to York St. John...
Everyone has their own origin story, where life began, what made them into the individual they are today, and how they’ve overcome obstacles in their life. Well, this is our story. Come listen to the tale of how Hope Strikes Back came to be as we share some of our own personal experiences.
Listen weekly as our panelists discuss the what’s going on in the geek world, analyzing your favorites geek comics, movies, and tv shows, while also discussing society and mental health, while trying to make the world a better place one episode at a time.
Hope Strikes Back (HSB) is a local media group whose main focus is charity, helping the community connect through creative outlets, and to help empower each other.
"There are times when...mystery and beauty find you touch you haunt you, moments you never forget, questions you never answer"
Summary. The article studies the combat use of naval aviation of the Baltic Fleet during the First World War.
bundle pearson statistical persuasion how to collect analyze and present dataaccurately honestly and persuasively + ibm? spss? statistics student version 180 ebook GET
incredible comic book women with tom nguyen the kick ass guide to drawing hot babes by tom nguyen jun 28 2010 ebook GET
side effects of drugs annual volume 35 a worldwide yearly survey of new data in adverse drug reactions ebook GET
george washingtons rules of civility & decent behavior in company and conversation little books of wisdom ebook GET
I can write ‘Morning People’ (or, as they can alternately be called, ‘Not Evening People’) pretty well since I am one.
When I was in college, I tried being an evening person. You know, staying up til all hours trying to get projects finished for classes.
It wasn’t until after I graduated and discovered (through an odd series of events) that I did much better work much faster in the mornings than I did at night when everyone else was grabbing coffees and getting down to brass tacks.
What should have been a dead giveaway to my inability to work at night is that, unless I was careful to prepare myself with attitude and caffeine, I would start becoming useless by ten or eleven. Work slowed to a crawl and as the night wore on, I found myself thinking I heard voices or that there were people in the apartment with me, or I would just waken hunched over my drawing board with a tiny, intricate scribble in place of what I had, moments before and unconsciously, believed to be a finished drawing of a fish.
Morning people are morning people. Just don’t chirp at me. But even still, on occasion that chirp can be up late. Or like me, I actually hoist an eyelid on a bright morning…
Kara has a right to ascertain that Hubris is indeed firing enough braincells to be awake… and I can understand too, after one of his usual twisted tangles of days and having supper with a raccoon, that he double check about Bob. Kind of puts perspective on all this mayhem about to come. (hey I really want bobbing for apples in a pail of night crawlers!!!!! And the return of the swamp run… yeah. Cardboard and duct tape kayaks–only way to drown or redo your dental work!)
One can dream of Bob. One can not, then, undream of Bob afterward. This causality as it is taught in the Book of Bob.
In college, I became an evening person, but for different reasons. I’ll share details after the statute of limitations runs out.
Hurbis … I hear voices too … they tell me that I’m useless and I should give up on my charity … then another voice tells me I’m not useless … it gets annoying hearing voices in my head.
I used to get voices like that when I was on whitewater. Once I learned that if I think “Shut Up. I’m working here” they quit the back-and-forth, and I could concentrate on saving my life. I still tell ’em to can it when they get useless.
Ah … but for years, my “womb donor” also called me useless when I was kid, and my “peers” in the group home, and in school called me a “useless loser” … so the negative voice wins 99.999% of the time.
I just wish I could get some angel investment into my charity so I can register is as a Legal Not-For-Profit and then an actual charity. :S
• Larry, Moe, and Curly tryin’ to put up the NCS banner. (Dave Blazek, Rick Stromoski, and Tom Stiglich, unless I’m really bad at remembering the backs of heads.)
• Some toys that I managed to cadge for a buddy of mine who collects the livin’ heck out of Batman stuff.
• Me and Dave Reddick, whom I respect muchly, and you can tell I’m telling the camera to respect him, too.
• Tom, Ray, and Ellen. Stiglich, Alma, and Lustig- if you need the details. I count myself lucky to get to hang out in children’s hospitals and yankee cities with these wonderful people.
I’m doing a thing at St. Jude Children’s Hospital. I’m lucky to be included in such a stellar group of well-known cartoonists, and yet, there I am. See if you can spot me in the poster.
Come mix and mingle with the world’s best cartoonists, while supporting the mission of St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital. The evening will feature Cartoonists Improv. Host cartoonists will be sitting at VIP tables. Enjoy festive food and spirits at this one-of-a-kind event. Featured hosts include Bill Morrison of The Simpsons, Steve McGarry of Minions, and Jeff Keane of Family Circus. The poster artwork really speaks for itself! Feel free to share this on your websites, Facebook, Twitter, etc. Anywhere you’d like works!
I know I keep putting up things for stuff around here, and no one wants to travel a million miles to do cartoony stuff,
That night, after we’ve drawn for every kid we possibly can, there’s a Fundraiser dinner. If you don’t wanna drive to Memphis to hang out with cartoonists, there’s still a chance to get in on the auction, which includes incredible prizes to bid on, such as a weekend with Jack Black in Hollywood, and being drawn into a MAD magazine movie parody. Jump online and see how you can be a part of it. Probably good for your soul. Definitely good for the kids. Makes the cartoonist feel important… and you know how THEIR egos are. Cartoonists. Psssh.
Did I mention that I got to hang out with cartoonists in Knoxville the other weekend? Here’s Guy Gilchrist- cartoonist, musician, sculptor, public speaker, marketing dude and all-around cool joe. He’s drawing Nancy… ’cause he does the comic strip ‘Nancy’ now. It was originated by Ernie Bushmiller about a bazillion years ago, you young’uns.
In Boston a couple of years ago, The National Cartoonist Society had their big annual meeting, and part of that was John Read’s Cartoon Art Collection Show ‘One Fine Sunday in the Funny Pages’. That’s a show of original comic strip art from a single Sunday, featuring old-school newspaper comic strips you may have seen in your local paper, depending on which cartoons your local paper runs. Very fun, and John was nice enough to ask me for a Buckets cartoon (Hubris isn’t in the newspapers, you know. Feel free to contact your local paper and explain what they’re missing. They’re always so happy to hear from readers these days.) and along with the actual showing of the show, and since there were a pantload of cartoonists right there anyhow, a lot of us were asked to go and sign autographs. There were special posters that the first however many people who came could have for free, just for autographs. It was very nice.
And then things got entertaining. This young lady thought “Why am I bothering with getting things like PAPER signed? Paper, after all, is so old school. I shall get my autographs on me. And she did.
I was using a skinny sharpie. There’s a doodle of Eddie Bucket on her forearm closest her elbow. Yay!
although we are both happy and proud that we have achieved much recognition trough out the travel industry and over the past years have received numerous awards, “the best and most meaningful award to us still is a satisfied smile of our guest”
jamahal private resort & SPA won 2016 tripadvisor’s traveller’s choice as top 10 small luxury hotel indonesia.
Jamahal private resort & spa has successfully won the runner up prize at the finals of the renowned 2016 Condé Nast Johanssons awards for excellence in the ‘best for service’ category.
we are on tripadvisor’s hall of fame for the consecutive winnings for tripadvisor’s awards from 2011 – 2015.
jamahal private resort & SPA won 2015 tripadvisor’s traveller’s choice as top 25 small luxury hotel indonesia.
jamahal private resort & spa won 2014 tripadvisor’s traveller’s choice as top 10 small luxury hotel indonesia.
jamahal private resort & SPA won 2013 tripadvisor’s traveller’s choice as top 10 small luxury hotel indonesia.
jamahal has won the tripadvisor traveler’s choice award 2012 top 16 voted out of 90’726 listed hotels in all over asia before well-known and prestigious hotels such as e.g. st regis, mandarin oriental, fairmont and six senses, … and top 3 in indonesia out of 1’770 listed hotels…
the tripadvisor certificate of excellence 2012, has been awarded the second consecutive year after 2011 to us – thanks to you and your exceptional traveler ratings.
top 16 voted out of 90726 listed hotels in all over the asia before well-known and prestigious hotels such as e.g. st regis, mandarin oriental, fairmont and six senses, … and top 3 in Indonesia out of 1’770 listed hotels…
tripadvisor, the world’s leading internet portal for independent hotel recommendations and valuations awarded jamahal with the “certificate of excellence” for reflecting the outmost positive guest evaluation.
jamahal private resort & spa…won the 2010 award for the best luxury boutique hotel in Bali, Indonesia. on the 8th of october jamahal was announced as the winner out from over 1500 luxurious hotels and resorts from all over the world.
.. meaning ‘precious time’ in ancient sanskrit, jamahal is a haven for couples and honeymooners seeking ...
best rates and complimentary benefits for direct bookings only, and available for a limited time ...
Descrizione: This is remade animation and called Tiny Dick version. As you may know BlazBlue is a game series. They are based on the fighting, but this time there will be only fucking. Washa Studio team made great parody with 2 popular characters.
Click here to go to the main page about Cleasby/Vigfusson. (You can download the entire dictionary from that page.)
This page was generated on 10 Nov 2018. The individual pages are regenerated once a week to reflect the previous week's worth of corrections, which are performed and uploaded by volunteers.
The copyright on this dictionary is expired. You are welcome to copy the data below, post it on other web sites, create derived works, or use the data in any other way you please. As a courtesy, please credit the Germanic Lexicon Project.
With each passing year, we expect more from the organisations around us. Advocacy groups, regulators and the general public demand transparency, sustainability and social responsibility.
Companies’ leaders are asked some hard questions: How do you contribute to society—beyond earning profit and creating wealth? How will you define what you stand for, and build a brand that exhibits your values while also driving business value? How will you move beyond shareholder value to shared value?
Leaders are challenged to make CSR relevant to their companies’ performance, or shareholders’ expectations. And yet they’re being held to higher and higher standards year after year. The future of every enterprise is more open, inclusive, and responsible.
Together, we’ll envision the future of your enterprise—respecting shareholders’ interests, while considering the demands of stakeholders across and outside the organisation.
We’ll cast back from that future, bringing together the rigour of a measurable, relevant plan and the emotional connection that people have for aspirational brands. We’ll identify what it will take to turn today’s aspirations into tomorrow’s results: for strong financial returns, enduring customer loyalty, deep employee engagement, and strong stakeholder relationships.
Finally, we’ll deliver and help implement a consolidated activation plan that defines key commitments and specific, measurable milestone targets, while igniting the ingenuity, passion and perseverance of your employees and value chain. The result? Corporate Social Returns.
Whether you’re making cautious investments in a corporate social responsibility programme for the first time or you’re an early adopter at the cutting edge of social innovation, you’re one of millions of people engaging with complex social and environmental issues.
This guide helps senior-level decision-makers in medium to large companies decide what ‘next steps’ to take in their ongoing journey towards socially responsible corporate citizenship.
florida texas freight inc v u s u s supreme court transcript of record with supporting pleadings ebook GET
1995 and 1996 honda cr80r and cr80rb motorcycle shop repair workshop factory service manual part number 1gbf01 ebook GET
orela protecting student and civil rights in the educational environment flashcard study system orela test practice questions & exam review for the oregon educator licensure assessments cards ebook GET
strategies for debtor in possession and exit financing leading lawyers on securing funding and analyzing recent ebook GET
spiritually integrated psychotherapy understanding and addressing the sacred 1st first by kenneth i pargament 2011 paperback ebook GET
friction science and technology from concepts to applications second edition mechanical engineering ebook GET
the partisan sort how liberals became democrats and conservatives became republicans chicago studies in american politics paperback 2009 author matthew levendusky ebook GET
authentic assessment in action studies of schools and students at work the series on school reform ebook GET
an atlas of dermoscopy second edition by marghoob ashfaq a published by crc press 2nd second edition 2012 hardcover ebook GET
lean hospitals improving quality patient safety and employee engagement second edition 2nd second edition by graban mark published by productivity press 2011 paperback ebook GET
ajcc cancer staging atlas a companion to the seventh editions of the ajcc cancer staging manual and handbook greene ajcc cancer staging atlas 2nd second 2013 edition published by springer 2012 ebook GET
computer aided systems theory eurocast 97 a selection of papers from the sixth international workshop on computer aided systems theory las palmas lecture notes in computer science ebook GET
financial distress and corporate turnaround an empirical analysis of the automotive supplier industry ebook GET
mind and cosmos why the materialist neo darwinian conception of nature is almost certainly false ebook GET
medical terminology made incredibly easy incredibly easy seriesƒ© 3rd third edition by springhouse 2008 ebook GET
pediatric infectious diseases board review board certification in pediatric infectious disease book 1 ebook GET
an introduction to viscosity solutions for fully nonlinear pde with applications to calculus of variations in l springerbriefs in mathematics ebook GET
understandable statistics enhanced edition with enhanced webassign 1 semester printed access card ebook GET
komatsu 72 2 series 78 1 series 75 2 series 84 2 series diesel engine service repair manual download ebook GET
by newport mary t author { alzheimers disease what if there was a cure? the story of ketones by newport ebook GET
all about drawing horses & pets learn to draw more than 35 fantastic animals step by step includes fascinating fun facts and fantastic photos ebook GET
integrated risk and vulnerability management assisted by decision support systems relevance and impact on governance topics in safety risk reliability and quality ebook GET
after the destruction of giant buddha statues in bamiyan afghanistan in 2001 a unescos emergency activity for the recovering and rehabilitation of cliff and niches natural science in archaeology ebook GET
native authenticity transnational perspectives on native american literary studies suny series native traces ebook GET
everything you need to know about investing straightforward irreverent and easy to understand strategies and definitions for investors and traders ebook GET
turkey turkey recipes the very best turkey cookbook turkey turkey recipes turkey cookbook turkey recipe turkey cook book ebook GET
kozier and erbs fundamentals of nursing plus mynursing lab with pearson etext access card package 10th edition ebook GET
a must for owners mechanics & restorers the 1955 chevrolet owners instruction & operating manual covers all 1955 chevrolet car models including one fifty 150 two ten 210 bel air and sedan delivery station wagons & nomad chevy 55 ebook GET
development of coastal and estuarine settlements in the niger delta the case of the bonny local government area ebook GET
creepy crawlies and the scientific method more than 100 hands on science experiments for children ebook GET
autonomy and clinical medicine renewing the health professional relation with the patient international library ebook GET
understanding the university institution idea possibilities foundations and futures of education ebook GET
california notary public exam 200 sample questions and answers 2016 california state approved ebook GET
financial analysis in hong kong qualitative examination of financial statements for ceos and board members ebook GET
mentoring in librarianship essays on working with adults and students to further the profession ebook GET
federal educational assistance programs available to service members program features and recommendations for improved delivery national defense research institute ebook GET
seeming knowledge shakespeare and skeptical faith studies in christianity and literature by cox john 2007 hardcover ebook GET
rethinking technical services new frameworks new skill sets new tools new roles creating the 21st century academic library ebook GET
but you look just fine unmasking depression anxiety post traumatic stress disorder obsessive compulsive disorder panic disorder and seasonal affective disorder ebook GET
sex at risk lifetime number of partners frequency of intercourse and the low aids risk of vaginal intercourse ebook GET
landscape ecology in theory and practice pattern and process by monica g turner 2015 11 03 ebook GET
blackberry certified server support specialist secrets to acing the exam and successful finding and landing your next blackberry certified server support specialist certified job ebook GET
jesus & his kingdom of equals an interdenominational curriculum for 4th 7th grades on the life and teachings of jesus ebook GET
excel 2013 step by step learning first edition basic level 1st edition from basic level advance excel 2013 ebook GET
bundle biology concepts and applications without physiology 9th + apliatm 1 term printed access card ebook GET
jewish pirates of the caribbean how a generation of swashbuckling jews carved out an empire in the new world in their quest for treasure religious freedom and revenge ebook GET
mechanisms of organ dysfunction in critical illness update in intensive care and emergency medicine ebook GET
the sencos guide to sen disability and every child matters the easy to use guide to sen disability and every ebook GET
the u s supreme court decision on marriage equality gift edition as delivered by justice anthony kennedy ebook GET
the battle of kernstown march 23 1862 a paper prepared and read before the michigan commandery of the military order of the loyal legion of the us ebook GET
clinical practice guidelines for midwifery & womens health 4th fourth edition by tharpe nell l farley cindy jordan robin g published by jones & bartlett learning 2012 ebook GET
using the arts and humanities to teach nursing a creative approach springer series on the teaching of nursing ebook GET
american casebook series administrative law the american public law system cases and materials fifth 5th ebook GET
finite element analysis for satellite structures applications to their design manufacture & testing author gaffer f abdelal nov 2012 ebook GET
guyton and hall textbook of medical physiology with student consult online access 12e guyton physiology by ebook GET
proceedings of the eighth international conference on management science and engineering management focused on computing and engineering management advances in intelligent systems and computing ebook GET
by jason andrew corey audio production and critical listening technical ear training 1st edition ebook GET
pencil drawing made easy the basics of pencil drawing how to draw using pencils drawing for beginners how to drawultimate crash courseguide to drawing book 3 ebook GET
find out anything from anyone anytime secrets of calculated questioning from a veteran interrogator ebook GET
his majesty requests the prophetic significance of the jewish wedding for the bride of christ ebook GET
panzer wedge volume one the german 3rd panzer division and the summer of victory in the east stackpole military history series ebook GET
orthodontic and surgical management of impacted teeth author vincent kokich published on april 2014 ebook GET
the essentials of managing change and transition business literacy for hr human resources professionals ebook GET
2010 guide to the uniformed services university of the health sciences usuhs school of medicine nursing ebook GET
beyond metabolism how your brain biology and the environment create and perpetuate weight issues and what you can do about it ebook GET
behavior modification in mental retardation the education and rehabilitation of the mentally retarded adolescent and adult ebook GET
legal services board annual report and accounts for the year ended 31 march 2013 house of commons papers ebook GET
scoring high in upsc civil services mains examination how to improve your score in the most competitive exam of the world ebook GET
student reports of bullying and cyber bullying results from the 2013 school crime supplement to the national crime victimization survey ebook GET
many pathways to literacy young children learning with siblings grandparents peers and communities 1st edition by gregory eve long susi volk dinah 2004 paperback ebook GET
discriminating among ability groups and predicting achievement levels of ninth grade mathematics students using the differential aptitude test a project masters theses secondary education ebook GET
smart cities green technologies and intelligent transport systems 4th international conference smartgreens 2015 and 1st international conference in computer and information science ebook GET
garfieldrecipes with cattitude over 230 scrumptious quick & easy recipes for garfields favorite foodslasagna pizza and much more everyday cookbook collection ebook GET
the grooms instruction manual how to survive and possibly even enjoy the most bewildering ceremony known to man owners and instruction manual ebook GET
great jobs for everyone 50+ finding work that keeps you happy and healthy and pays the bills by hannon kerry 1st first edition 9252012 ebook GET
the muse within creativity and communication song and play from childhood through maturity ebook GET
the environment risk and liability in international law legal aspects of sustainable development ebook GET
how to advertise your computer repair business on facebook and twitter how social media could help boost your business ebook GET
the wars of the ancient greeks and their invention of western military culture the cassell history of warfare ebook GET
biologic joint reconstruction alternatives to joint arthroplasty by dr brian cole md 2009 01 12 ebook GET
memory foam mattress pad queen – Both sizes need a minumum of one center service. Picking the proper size for antique tablecloths could be equally as straightforward. It wasn’t the exact same measurements and slipped into the side. A king size is the ideal selection for just two individuals who demand ample room to go during the day. Queen size and king size mattresses are easily available for your needs also.
There’s another means to recognize the one sided mattress if you’re not certain you have one. So when you’re trying to find a memory foam mattress, it’s important to find a budget and to understand the attributes that you’re searching for. Our Twin Size Memory Foam Mattress is made from visco-elastic foam that’s made up of vast quantities of quite tiny bubbles referred to as cells.
Always know more about the count in a king sized mattress and you simply can’t neglect. It’s the ideal way to tell whether a mattress is or isn’t suitable for you. The Spring Air mattresses are usually rated as worth prices on account of their many affordable models. Purchasing a pillow top mattress may work out this dilemma because most retailers supply this mattress pad in half the dimensions of your normal king size bed. A pillow top mattress pad might be exactly what it is you are searching for.
Many people discover that it is hard to decide on which mattress to select from among the numerous options readily available today and rewarding supplies given by the internet vendors. A mattress having a 25 year guarantee is excellent, however the life expectancy of a wonderful exceptional mattress is merely about ten decades. Fortunately, it’s possible to attain king mattresses with nearly any degree of stability you are going to be able to envision.
The innerspring mattresses tend to be costlier but are also a great deal more comfortable. They’re a bit more expensive but are as well a good deal more comfortable. They’re, the most common type of mattress purchased. They’re, undoubtedly, the most common type of mattress bought. The pillowtop mattress includes a layer of cushioning that’s sewn onto the surface of the mattress, and with a gap between both. Typically, individuals will place a exceptional mattress on their platform bed made out of polyurethane, so as to give it a softer texture.
Mattresses are costly, but they’re quite important to your comfort. This form of mattress is cheap, too. It’s among the fewer Gel-Infused memory foam mattresses it is possible to see in this respect.
Lying on a mattress by means of your coat and shoes on is unlikely to help you find out which mattress is proper for you personally unless you anticipate sleeping in your coat and sneakers each evening. So as soon as you shop for a mattress that you ought to create comparisons determined by the materials within the mattress, not the title. It’s often as easy as a cozy mattress. There are a few rather great mattresses made for platform beds.
Generally the bed is lower, which makes it a great deal easier to acquire into-no requirement for measures. A platform bed can definitely alleviate this issue. While searching for beds, metal platform beds are certainly becoming more and more popular every single day. Because the RightTouch air adjustable bed is created by one of the planet most trustworthy mattress businesses, the vast majority of individuals purchase one having a high level of confidence from the merchandise. There are a great deal of assortments of mattresses. A good core Talalay Latex mattress may even supply you with the maximum life.
Should you wish to guard your mattress, buy a mattress protector that’s five-sided. A double mattress and bed is among the more streamlined possibilities, and is the crystal clear alternative for a kid or for a single individual. The bed does not cause the issue, but nevertheless, it can definitely magnify a problem that’s already there. Trundle beds for children are an perfect illustration of furniture that serves a space saving feature, while appearing appealing and being a whole bunch of fun for children too.
You do not need the exact same sort of mattress if your bed is hurting you or you’re not sleeping well. A mattress having a 25 year guarantee is excellent, but the life expectancy of a top excellent mattress is just about ten years. Be given a mattress carton from a neighborhood furniture moving business to make certain you do not damage your mattress in transport. It’s simpler to manage, and you will be less inclined to damage the mattress. Ascertain what size mattress you’re very likely to buy.
Commercial Photographer (My work for commercial clients, from static to lifestyle product photography - My preference is lifestyle photography)
PR Photographer (My work for public relations and corporate sectors for small, medium and large businesses)
Cameron with his medal from the 2017 European Cross Country Championships, which was held in Šamorín, Slovakia
Great Britain Runner, Cameron Ross Boyek, lit by dramatic light at Gateshead College Academy for Sport, in his GB team kit
This is my editorial photography update from a few months back. This time I was commissioned to photograph GB runner Cameron Ross Boyek, from Durham, for Tesco T magazine (Tesco T is an in house print publication for Tesco colleagues).
It never ceases to amaze me how so many organisations have such polished print publications. I started my career working for daily newspapers, then onto national newspapers and magazines, and it was always nice to see photographs used well and in print. With the newspaper industry not as it was, it seems business publications have started to take over, realising the value of quality photography and articles for their staff and customers.
This shoot was to be held at Gateshead International Stadium. As with many shoots, it didn’t quite go to plan, when I arrived the road was covered in ice and snow, and there was thick snow on the track where we were to get our training photographs. Fortunately, a quick enquiry by Ross, and Gateshead College Academy for Sport next helped us out by providing their fantastic indoor running track and facilities for the photo shoot.
Thanks to Cameron, who was very accommodating on the shoot, repeating numerous running drills so I could capture motion, fettle with the lighting, and generally make sure the photo shoot went well; capturing the best photography for the publication/photo-brief.
Cineworld at White Rose Shopping Centre, Leeds, unveiling the revolutionary new ScreenX (a 270 degree cinema screen – giving viewers a more immersive cinema experience)
A little update, with some photography for Cineworld here in the UK, at the unveiling of their new Screen X at White Rose Shopping Centre, Leeds.
Screen X is a Korean technology designed to give a more immersive cinema experience. It uses 5 projectors, with moving images projected onto the side walls of the cinema. This is designed to include your peripheral vision in the viewing experience.
It was not without its challenges to photograph, as the screen is pretty wide, and cinemas are quite atmospherically lit. It was also, a rare chance for using my tripod on a shoot… because I’m usually too busy with different ideas to be bogged down with that bloody nonsense.
I think it turned out pretty well. The people in the photograph could photograph some of the experience for their followers on social media, press and other media outlets.
Museum Photography at Eureka! The National Children’s Museum. The museum has always been a superb place to photograph. It is based in Halifax, West Yorkshire. The museum was set up over 25 years ago and continues to inspire and educate kids to this day.
From 8th July 2017 to 15th April 2018 the museum has hosted a touring exhibition called digiPlaceSpace. It is an immersive art experience for kids (and adults too). In my less than eloquent tone: it’s a place for kids to learn and play with creative technology, to inspire and educate.
The touring exhibition is packed full of interactive digital art, created by artists from around the globe. It was originally put together by Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF), Canada, 2012
The exhibition is wonderful to photograph. Though not without its challenges. Capturing the effect of dramatic lighting (and fast-moving kids) can be a technical challenge (a pretty tricky combination for commercial/reportage-type photography).
I’m often called in for my museum photography (as well as for other visitor attractions). The way images are used is often pretty diverse. Photo uses range from social media, to printed literature and websites (including this Teachers’ Guide).
With this sort of photography, an experienced photographer is a must. For the sake of quality and reproducibility. I’ll be the first to say that anyone can take a good photograph. But. To do that time and time again. In a way that creates high quality and versatile imagery. Within a limited timeframe. It all takes expertise.
If I remember correctly. The images above (and below) were all shot in a day…. there were hundreds/if not thousands of images to go through. Almost two hundred images delivered afterwards, with hours of post-production editing time.
It was a tiring day, mixed with carting around lighting to ‘lift’ some of the images for print to arranging ‘set-ups’ so the exhibits can photographed whilst the kids play in as natural and relaxed way as possible. Plus, I had to fold my 6’9″ frame into a lot of tricky corners to try to photograph the kids, mostly without them noticing too much. To avoid giving them the chance for fixed cheesy grins/grimaces!
Soon, Eureka is looking to open another museum on the Mersey waterfront, in the Wirral (Liverpool City Region).
Apr 03, 2018 | Categories: Commercial Photography | Tags: Art, Attraction, Exhibition, Gallery, Halifax, Museum, West Yorkshire | Leave A Comment »
Country Life – Country Houses Foundation article by John Goodall – Photos of Jake Duncombe by Nelson Gate, the Ionic Temple and Tuscan Temple at Duncombe Park, North Yorkshire
Country Life – Country Houses Foundation article by John Goodall/Photos by Jonathan Pow – Featuring Lucinda and Richard Compton at the orangery, Newby Hall, North Yorkshire and Claire Birch with the tapestry restoration at Doddington Hall, Lincolnshire
Editorial feature for Country Life magazine on the Country Houses Foundation (written by John Goodall/photography by Jonathan Pow).
Jake Duncombe of Duncombe Park, North Yorkshire (with Nelson Gate, the Ionic Temple and Tuscan Temple.
This was an interesting magazine shoot, for Country Life, involving travelling to various country houses. Photographing the amazing restoration work done with the help of the Country Hoses Foundation. The aim of the organisation is to give grants for the preservation of historic buildings and their grounds. The organisation has given more than £9 million to help restore and preserve more than 170 buildings. This money has gone to private owners, councils and the National Trust and Landmark Trust.
The stone work on the Tuscan Temple at Duncombe Park was incredible, restoring huge structural pillars using traditional techniques (and if I remember correctly, only two men). The sarking and metal rafters at in the 1770s Robert Adam Orangery were beautiful (with the woodwork looking very warm under the spotlights). And the tapestry work at Doddington Hall was immensely painstaking, and, as a bonus, can be seen first-hand by visitors to the hall.
I like to think of myself as a creative person. Good at creativity, shite at paperwork (are they innately linked?). Unfortunately, being a freelance photographer (the operative word being freelance), paperwork is sadly necessary to run a business.
One little cheat I have found recently is more helps when saving email expenses and invoices (nope, not exciting, but bloody useful).
In the past I have used to save invoices as PDFs and emailed to a company called ExpenseMagic (now they’re https://expentory.com), where they’d automagically enter it up to my FreeAgent accounting software. Once I got through the bulk I found I could drop ExpenseMagic and simply save my invoices to a Google Drive folder and enter them up using Freeagent (http://fre.ag/430sdjdw – that’s a referral link, which would be bloody good if you used, because both you and I get a 10% discount out of it!).
This all went to shit when I dropped my phone in the sea. On my last phone I could easily save PDFs and the new one can’t do that easily (basically because Apple don’t like PDFs much, so think we should all have a similar disdain for them).
As a result of the phone/sea incident my backlog has reached epic proportions. With doing up our house, investing in some new gear and lots of other crap my email is (or was) full to the brim with invoices and receipts. Which is a pain in the arse to say the least.
That was until I discovered a Gmail script called ‘Send Gmail to Google Drive’ by self-confessed web geek Amit Agarwal. See here http://www.labnol.org/internet/send-gmail-to-google-drive/21236/
I’ve just bought the ‘premium version’ and overnight it has saved masses of emails as PDFs to my Google Drive! Bloody useful and a great time saver. Especially now I won’t have to load and ‘print to PDF’ and download hundreds of emails and attachments.
Setup (I’ve skipped some of the setup, look at the Labnol link above for that) – confusingly it creates a Google Sheets file (confusing for those who haven’t seen them before, but this is essentially the backbone of Gmail scripts, when you install to your Gmail make sure you bookmark the sheet to get access to the settings easily later):
Once the script is installed I created a folder on my Google drive called ‘SAVE EMAILS & ATTACHMENTS‘, it’s a bit of a processing folder, where I can files to other folders for my accounts.
On the Gmail side, I label (this is a built-in Gmail function, the shortcut key is ‘L’, then start typing the label name and hit return when it is selected) emails I’d like converted, then every hour (or manually) they’re saved (along with their attachments) to the above folder.
Once the emails and attached PDF files are saved to Google Drive, the emails are automatically labeled ‘Saved’ in Gmail, this prevents further processing whilst also allowing them to be easily deleted in bulk from Gmail (once you’ve checked they’ve actually been saved).
My inbox is clearer, as too is my mind, and they’re ready to be entered up to my accounts (which is still a bind – does anyone want to help?). Also, you can label them from the Gmail app on the iPhone or Android (which is useful for people like me, who like to work when they’re on the go and have nothing better to do), and they’re processed every hour.
(One thing I’d like, if you’re listening Amit(?), is the ability to rename files with the format ‘YYYYMMDD – Subject (Sender)’. I’m not a bit fan of sub folders and this would mean I could process all the files in one place (the current filenames are coming out a bit wordy).
Weather – Ducks struggling on an ice covered pond in Ferrensby (near Knaresborough), North Yorkshire
It’s been some time since a photographer’s update. The reason: My wife and I bought a house. And, in between photographic commissions, pulling our new money pit apart and trying to put it back together again there hasn’t been much time for updates.
Probably something many are cursed with, you don’t realise how much can possibly need doing in a house until you get one of your own. Then one day you sit, listening to the late great David Bowie, surrounded by insulation boards, flooring, tiles and tools you’ve never heard of before, and think: “Shit, there’s a lot to do!”.
late, a celebratory image (which admittedly, is photographed quite close to us!) of ducks dancing on ice in The Times (of London, don’t you know) today. It’s the first thing I’ve shot for the papers since moving back to Yorkshire (actually it might not be, but it is cute, so for the sake of argument, it is).
Welcome to 2016, belated Happy New Year, Merry Christmas and anything else I may have forgotten. If anyone wants to give me an excuse to get out the hell of DIY, bloody go for it!
Andy Botham and daughter Jess Botham (18) with their two hens. Andy’s hen ‘Save our NHS’ is a previous world record holder
Tensions run high, and any hen starting a fight will lead to a disqualification – Gandalf the hen (right) has a history of violence (seen attacking the Colonel)
Anyone who knows me will know I’ve got a bit of a fondness for the weird and wonderful and this weekend’s event photography and filming was no exception.
Along with my wife Pooja (she was drafted in to help with some of the camera work, and did a sterling job) we went to the World Hen Racing Championships 2015.
This year I went with the aim of photographing it for the national picture desks, but also to create a short film with some of the wonderful/colourful characters at the event.
The event was held at the Barley Mow pub, in a lovely Derbyshire village called Bonsall, and is organised by landlord and landlady, David Wragg and Colette Dewhurst.
The winner, with World Record beating (no pun intended) time of 3.8 seconds, was ‘Cooked It’ owned by Jack Allsop-Smith. Needless to say the hen has won the chance not to be cooked, and will (hopefully) remain a family pet! Jack and his grandfather couldn’t share the training involved to achieve the hen’s rapid speed, attributing it to an Allsop family secret.
It was a great event to film and photograph. Truly a great British spectacle, and fortunately one of man we’re blessed with in the UK. Where else in the world do you get hens ‘plucked’ to the post in an action packed race?
The copy was written up by Mark Branagan, a reporter I’ve worked with for a number of years, for the national papers on Sunday.
The final short film will be put out through an agency I work very closely with these days, Barcroft Media. So time will tell where that ends up!
If you’ve come here for prints prints from the event, they’re available through website, you can find them here: http://jonathanpow.com/1u7l
As ever, if you know of any quirky events coming up, drop me an email jp@jonathanpow.com. Also, believe it or not, this is my job (a bizarre job isn’t it?). If you’d like to commission event photography (I work for many charities and organisations on a number of different projects), give me a call on 07901 617571.
I’m currently based in Manchester, but have car, will and do travel. (Soon to be moving back to Yorkshire!)
Sometimes an event happens that you just have to photograph. Today’s solar eclipse really was no exception.
This one was a bit nerve wracking. Pretty cloudy up here in the North West. I’m surprised the sun even came out at all.
Food photography, especially editorial food photography, is not without it’s challenges. The hunger, the focus, making sure you’re always ready to photograph something before it melts. No props were used in this photography, it’s as life presented it, no fake ice cream or treated salmon, just good wholesome food.
For my Press Clippings archive, this shoot was for Hot Rum Cow Magazine. You can read the article on their site here – http://www.hotrumcow.co.uk/liquid-lunch-northcote-lisa-allen/?hvid=62uqHP [Opens in a new window]
Northcote’s Lisa Allen takes to the kitchen with the best drinks the White and Red Rose Counties have to offer
Creative careers are often built on natural talent. Those of us that are good with words write. If you can create the right strokes with a paintbrush, you might become an artist. And if you can take a selection of humble ingredients and transform them into something sublime, chances are you belong in a professional kitchen. Head Chef of Northcote, Lisa Allen, married this raw talent with drive and serious determination to secure her place as one of the UK’s leading chefs.
“At school I always enjoyed the more practical subjects like woodwork, art and cookery. Food gave me a real lease of life, as it was something that I not only loved but I was good at it. I found I could really express myself through food, which gave me a burning desire to see how far I could go with it – I’m a very determined person,” Allen says.
Whilst studying catering at Lancaster and Morecambe College, Allen sought out work experience in high-end and Michelin-starred restaurants in order to develop her potential. “Whilst I was at college, I did a lot of work experience at the Michelin-starred Holbeck Ghyll and I also spent some time at Sharrow Bay. At that point I was trying to get as much work experience as I could in order to enhance my prospects.”
The time Allen spent at these restaurants ignited her passion for fine dining. “I really latched onto the idea of working with food in that way. It gave me an inside burning and a drive that I couldn’t ignore.”
Allen’s experience then led her to work at the now two Michelin star Le Champignon Sauvage, where she stepped into the role of Commis Chef when she finished college. “It was an incredible place to learn as David Everitt-Matthias (owner of Le Champignon Sauvage) is so passionate and he has this incredible ethos around food. I learned so much about food here and it was a real turning point for me as I could see the journey you could take food on,” Allen says.
After working under David for a year and a half, Allen moved back to the Lancashire area and took up the position of Demi Chef de Partie at the Michelin-starred Northcote, which is owned and managed by Chef Patron Nigel Haworth and Director of Wines Craig Bancroft. At Northcote, Allen’s career progressed rapidly: “Nigel and Craig have such a great ethos around food. They have always been very encouraging of me as a chef, and helped me to get to where I am today.”
In fact, Allen’s talents were so well encouraged that within two years of working at Northcote she was promoted to Head Chef. She was just 23 years old. “I’m a really driven person and Nigel and Craig have always given me something to drive towards. They’ve built up an incredible business here and it’s been great to be part of that for the past 13 years. It’s helped me to grow as a person: learning how to develop and teach people and progress my skills. It’s what’s kept driving me forward.”
“Nigel and Craig have such a great ethos around food. They have always been very encouraging of me as a chef, and helped me to get to where I am today”
The Nothcote prides itself on its commitment to using local produce, which as Allen points out, makes a huge difference to a dish: “There is nothing better than using food that is in season. If you get something that is ripe and in season, it’s at its best, and so ultimately you will be able to create better dishes with it.
“With the seasons, the flavours change. So they are much heartier in the winter and much lighter in the summer. Whether it’s cold outside or light outside, all of these things should influence your dishes. It’s one of the most creative things about being a chef, using your knowledge of classical flavours and putting a twist on them.”
The idea of using locally sourced, seasonal produce at Northcote is sacrosanct: “We have built up a fantastic relationship with suppliers across the area. What some family-run local businesses are producing is very dynamic and some of the things that they grow and produce are fantastic.
“When you’re cooking, it’s not just about one individual person, but it’s about the team of people around you and then, ultimately, it’s about the suppliers that produce the elements you need to create an incredible plate of food. If they didn’t do it to their best potential to get you some fantastic ingredients, then you couldn’t cook Michelin-standard plates of food, so it’s really important. And the better you get to know a supplier, the stronger the relationship becomes and you can ask them to grow something in a different soil or hang meat a bit longer. A lot of different things become available to you when you build up a network of reliable suppliers,” says Allen.
The standard of Allen’s food has seen her win a whole host of awards across her career, and cook for the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall following her triumph in the BBC’s Great British Menu in 2010. With so many awards under her belt, how does she maintain that standard year in, year out?
“It’s all about doing things to your best potential and staying driven and focused. You need to believe in what you are doing, keep pushing the boundaries, keep learning, keep changing and keep sharing your knowledge with other people. And you need to evolve – that’s what keeps you motivated.”
Traditionally distilled using the London dry gin method in a small copper alembic still, Masons Dry Yorkshire Gin uses Harrogate spring water and juniper from the distillery’s own juniper bushes. Combined with citrus elements and secret botanicals, this 42% ABV gin has a distinct and unique flavour.
Bowland Brewery’s Sky Dancer is named after a local mating ritual whereby the rare male hen harriers, found in the Forest of Bowland, dance in the sky. Sky Dancer is a 4.5% ABV refreshing golden ale, which pours pale orange in colour and has soft citrus and peach flavours.
Brewed in the Vale of York with a 5% ABV, Rudgate’s York Chocolate Stout is a rich, full-bodied premium stout, which pours a dark ebony colour. It is a balance of complex flavours and has a warm, subtle chocolate finish.
Allen boils Dandelion and Burdock cordial with lime juice, water and Masons Dry Yorkshire Gin. She then pours the mixture into moulds and places in the freezer. When they are semi-frozen, she inserts the lollipop sticks. Once they are completely frozen, Allen rolls the lollipops in crushed dandelion and burdock sweets and non-dissolving icing sugar. Allen recommends enjoying the lollipops with a Gin and Tonic.
Allen marinates a chicken in mustard powder, muscovado sugar, malt extract, chilli powder, salt and Bowland Brewery’s Sky Dancer golden ale for 24 hours. After that time, she pours more of the ale into a beer can holder, places the chicken on top and roasts in the oven for around 40 minutes. Meanwhile to make the loaded potato skin, Allen roasts a potato in the oven, before scooping out the inside, coating the skin in butter and placing it back in the oven to crisp up. Whilst the skin is in the oven, Allen adds butter, milk, crème fraiche, chives and salt to the potato filling and mixes well. This is then spooned into the crispy skin, to be served alongside the chicken. Allen also serves a slaw with the dish, which comprises sliced carrot, onion, white cabbage and red cabbage. The dressing Allen uses for the slaw is a mix of mayonnaise, crème fraiche, French mustard, chives and salt. To serve, Allen plates up the chicken with some slaw and garnishes with pomegranate seeds and watercress. To wash all of this down, Allen suggests a light ale.
After peeling wax-tip pears, Allen hollows out the bulbous part and poaches the pears for 15 minutes in Rudgate’s York Chocolate Stout, cloves, bay leaf, juniper berries, cinnamon, orange peel, orange juice and soft brown sugar. To accompany the pears, Allen makes a chocolate mousse, which is piped into the hollow pear just before serving. She also makes a stout ice cream, using the same stout, which she serves alongside the pears and the mousse, and tops with honeycomb.
If you need a food photographer, with an eye for editorial, please get in touch. My email is jp@jonathanpow.com & mobile is 07901 617571
Whittling away and creating FINELY CRAFTED COMMERCIAL, EDITORIAL & PRESS PHOTOGRAPHY since 2005. We all want to look the best and present the best, whether it be in ourselves, businesses or [...]
For the past 10 years I've been a professional photographer. Working for high end clients: from bespoke manufacturers, to clothing designers, national newspapers and international publications. I'm obsessive about photography. Getting things aesthetically pleasing as well as capturing the right moment. It's that combination that can often make the world of visual difference.
Funns’ (also known as Ziggy) work really appeals to me with the rough pastel look to the work. The fresh use of colours that are used in some of the work. Although I’m unlikely to get a tattoo because I’m very indecisive. I really do appreciate them and how great they can look.
“I am 23 years old and I live somewhere under a damp rock in Bath, England, painting, creating, drawing, building, breaking; all makes me happy, sometimes it doesn’t.”
Lapin Lou (Lou Bush), who lives in Southsea, is not just a talented illustrator, but an artist and creator of cute toys and objects. I really enjoy the stories that the art can tell and the cuddly toys are just so adorable!
Naomi, currently studying illustration at university, is another really talented person. She’s super lovely and has had the achievement of getting her work into public London spaces like Liberty London. Her drawings and sketches are really pretty and the colours chosen are spot on.
Naomi writes a really interesting blog about her creative goings on and amazing achievements and describes herself as a ‘patternaholic’.
Stu Linfield is an illustrator from Portsmouth, who creates some really eye catching artwork. The artwork has emotion, bright colours, and has great texture. Stu also creates posters for events.
Emma Nicol is an illustrator and maker living in Southsea. She describes herself with having an obsession with all things creative, if it can be drawn, painted, sewn, cut, printed or baked, Emma will give it a go.
Thank you for having a read of my blog post. Please comment if you like any of these artists/creatives.
My name is Jonathan and I'm a freelance Graphic Designer from the South of the UK, who adores design, print and photography.
A recent logo design and concepts I created for EPPS. Estate Planning and Protection services company involving writing wills and trusts. With help planning for the future. It was fun project to create a brand for. The tree design is a subtle way of showing growth and to family trees.
1861 census: living with wife and children on East Street, Gateshead. He is aged 24, was born in Ireland, and is employed as a Smith Striker[?]. Interestingly, the previous household in the census return is headed by a 60 year old widower William Chambers, a labourer from Ireland.
1871 census: living with wife and children at 3 East Street, Gateshead. He is aged 35, was born in Ireland, and is employed as a labourer.
1881 census: living with wife and children at 41 East Street, Gateshead. He is aged 44, was born in Ireland, and is employed as an Anchor Smith.
1891 census: living with wife, children, and grandson at 41 East Street, Gateshead. He is aged 54, was born in Ireland, and is employed as an Anchor Smith.
Did you mean to add items to your wish list?. Your cart is full! The maximum number of items allowed in your cart has been reached. This limit exists to protect your experience on …
Shop Target for Women you will love at great low prices. Spend $35+ or use your REDcard & get free 2-day shipping on most items or same-day pick-up in store.
Shop high-quality Columbia women’s jackets and vests that will stand up to the elements. From rain jackets to ultra-cozy fleece to down-filled winter jackets, DICK’S Sporting Goods carries a full line of Columbia women’s jackets for any season, adventure or activity.
Shop for women's winter coats and jackets from top brands at Amazon.com. We have a great selection in many different styles and trends from wind proof to mild climate coats and jackets. Eligible for free shipping and free returns.
Jackets for Women. Dress up your casual attire with jackets and blazers that come in a variety of styles. From bomber jackets and denim blazers to leather jackets and moto jackets, the options for coordinating the perfect outfit are limitless!
Shop for Womens Coats & Jackets in Women. Buy products such as Time and Tru Women's Hooded Anorak Utility Jacket at Walmart and save.
Cute Women's Jackets & Outwear. There's no better place to shop for jackets for women than at Tillys. If you're heading into spring or fall, try on a women's lightweight bomber jacket, which looks absolutely fabulous when matched with a pair of leggings and sneakers.You can also find super cute jean jackets for women to wear with almost any short dress.
Find a great selection of coats, jackets and blazers for women at Nordstrom.com. Shop winter coats, peacoats, raincoats, as well as trenches & blazers from brands like Topshop, Canada Goose, The North Face & more. Free shipping & returns.
A women’s leather jacket I bought from a Target in Australia several years ago. It is an Australian size 12, which is an American size 10. Great condition and very comfortable.
Free shipping and returns on bomber jackets for women at Nordstrom.com. Shop the latest bomber jacket styles from the best brands. Check out our entire collection.
Shop for great deals on Target at Vinted. Save up to 80% on Target and other pre-loved clothing in Leather jackets to complete your style.
Shop for Women's Rain Jackets at REI - FREE SHIPPING With $50 minimum purchase. Top quality, great selection and expert advice you can trust. 100% Satisfaction Guarantee
Shop for Women's Jackets at REI - FREE SHIPPING With $50 minimum purchase. Top quality, great selection and expert advice you can trust. 100% Satisfaction Guarantee. Shop for Women's Jackets at REI - FREE SHIPPING With $50 minimum purchase. Top quality, great selection and expert advice you can trust. 100% Satisfaction Guarantee
Many of our women’s snow coats and snowboarding jackets have the jacket to pant attachment system to ensure you are fully covered and no snow will find its way down your pants! Cruise effortlessly though the lift line and onto the chair by utilizing the lift pass pocket we designed into our snowboard jackets.
Shop jackets with patten and lace online. Black and khaki streetstyle fashion cropped jackets are hot 2017
Women’s Merona bonded fleece full-zip jackets are in the weekly ad for just $10 (regularly $15). There is a 20% Off cartwheel that excluded outerwear, so I left it out of the matchups, however Josie pointed out to me that one of the jackets shown in the ad is the one pictured on the cartwheel!
Find great deals on the latest styles of Women's Jackets & Coats from top brands. Compare prices & save money on Clothing & Accessories at Bizrate.
Make Dillard's your women's coats and jackets destination. Find the lastest women's outerwear from parkas, anoraks, and more at Dillards.
The Best Winter Jackets for Women of 2018. By Liz Williamson ⋅ Review Editor. Monday January 22, 2018. The Best Winter Jackets for Men of 2018 As it pertains to winter The 10 Best Ski Jackets for Women On the hunt for a new ski jacket? We tested 10 top-of-the-line models over several seasons to help you find the best
Shop Missoni for Target Women's Jackets & Coats at up to 70% off! Get the lowest price on your favorite brands at Poshmark. Poshmark makes shopping fun, affordable & easy!
Jackets for Women to Sport Spectacular Style Explore our stunning range of jackets for women and pick your favorite styles to add panache to your outfits. Delve into a sea of options, of women's jackets online and choose from varied lengths, sleeves, and patterns to …
Shop from the world's largest selection and best deals for Target Motorcycle Coats, Jackets & Vests for Women. Free delivery and free returns on eBay Plus items.
Shop the best selection of women's fleece jackets at Backcountry.com, where you'll find premium outdoor gear and clothing and experts to guide you through selection.
The way we watch our favorite television shows and movies is changing—we want access to the programming we love where and when it works in our busy lives. Nothing could be truer for the active horseperson: Whether we want to illustrate a point for a student on our smartphones, cue up a training video on the tack room television on a rainy afternoon, or enjoy a horse movie on our tablets when traveling to a show, having viewing choices literally at our fingertips and a link-click away is not a luxury anymore—it’s what we all expect.
Trafalgar Square Books believes that equestrian education and entertainment should evolve in order to maintain its necessary place in each of our horsemanship journeys, so we are pleased to announce the first online streaming programs now available from our expansive video library. Beginning with six of our bestselling videos and gradually growing to include the other popular titles we produce and distribute, we hope to continue to be able to offer accessible, quality information about horse care, training, and riding to all those seeking knowledge and looking to improve not only their skillsets, but also their connection with horses.
Visit TSB’s online bookstore at www.HorseandRiderBooks.com and click on “DVDs” to find our Streaming options (or CLICK HERE). Purchase from our site via our video streaming partner VHX.tv, a division of Vimeo, means you will own the streaming rights to your program of choice and can view it whenever you wish—on your smart TV, computer, tablet, or smartphone. VHX/Vimeo provides specific instructions (as easy as a click on a link or the download of a free app) on how to set up to watch on any device, as well as excellent support when customers have questions.
More streaming options will be added in the coming year. Join the TSB mailing list at www.HorseandRiderBooks.com to find out about new releases and forthcoming titles.
Trafalgar Square Books, the leading publisher of equestrian books and DVDs, is a small business based on a farm in rural Vermont.
What is UP with the Get Sound guys @equineaffaire 🤨🤪?? Slick Sunday dance moves? Better go by their stand in the Be… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…TSB Tweeted	1 day ago
Click image above to read the great piece in SIDELINES MAGAZINE about George Morris's blockbuster autobiography and the woman who helped write it.
Click the image above to watch the trailer for the new feature film OUT OF THE WILD, based on the novel by Mark Rashid and available from www.HorseandRiderBooks.com.
Click the image to read Melinda Folse's "Sally Swift's Visionary Connections: Now 30 Years Strong" on Equisearch.com.
Trafalgar Square Books' first horse book was CENTERED RIDING, which we published in 1985 and remains one of the bestselling horse books of all time. Author Sally Swift went on to found the now worldwide organization and form of learning and teaching riding known as "Centered Riding."
Check out the feature about Doug Payne and his new book THE RIDING HORSE REPAIR MANUAL by Nancy Jaffer on NJ.com! Click the image of Doug and his horsey family above to read the article.
"Being able to watch Sean employ his training methods is incredibly beneficial—you'll see how your cues should look and how to identify and read your horse's response...The four-disc DVD set, with nearly seven hours of footage, is a must for do-it-yourself horse trainers." --Lauren Feldman American Cowboy, Associate Editor
"You must get inspired by reading books about riding. I read books about dressage every day. You must always work on being a better rider."
Click the image to hear a great Raffi tune and see Dr. Allen Schoen and Susan Gordon, authors of THE COMPASSIONATE EQUESTRIAN, meeting this great children's songwriter.
"A great read and a handy tool...Doug does a wonderful job of speaking objectively about varying problems that can arise...we definitely recommend this book for riders of all levels and disciplines."
Beezie Madden was the first woman and first American rider to reach the Top Three in the Show Jumping World Ranking List, which she did in 2004. Get her tips for "making it" in the horse world, plus advice from 22 other top riders, in HOW GOOD RIDERS GET GOOD by Denny Emerson.
Great exercises from Lynn Palm to get your horse forward, straight, and balanced as you pursue this hot new sport!
“I’ve spent time with this book and find it very correct. Author Susan Tinder did an excellent job putting together a useful collection of courses.”
"This book will help you unravel your equine athlete's personality and needs, so you can evaluate your horse's 'emotional conformation,' which the author Kerry Thomas calls the real indicator of a horse's ability...no question as to why his work has been called 'groundbreaking.'" -John Strassburger, Performance Editor, Horse Journal
"With a myriad of horse facts written into the story, adolescent readers will find this book not only entertaining but educational as well." -Equine Journal
Click to read about renowned horse trainer and behaviorist Linda Tellington-Jones and her newest book!
"This book has changed the way I will communicate with horses for the rest of my life. The fact that I got IMMEDIATE results means so much to me and the horses. I don't think I will ever ride in fear again. Amen!" --Carla from Florida
Sgt. Rick Pelicano, author of the bestselling books BOMBPROOF YOUR HORSE and BETTER THAN BOMBPROOF, enjoys participating in the sport of mounted jousting in his spare time.
Click the image to see Anne Kursinski, author of ANNE KURSINSKI'S RIDING & JUMPING CLINIC, talk about some of her career highlights and favorite moments competing for the US Equestrian Team.
Learn online with the pros! Get top riding expertise delivered to your computer or mobile device! Click the logo above to find out more.
other great tsb posts about horses and riding Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010
We all reinvent ourselves from time to time. In my case, this usually involves hair color and heavy eyeliner. In the case of the Padlock Ranch, all it took was a fab new website to make what was really good look utterly amazing. That’s right…the other day I clicked on over to see what was […]
TEX by Dorie McCullough Lawson Featured at Bradford Brinton Memorial & Museum Birthday Celebration! June 13, 2012
The Bradford Brinton Memorial & Museum in Big Horn, Wyoming, is celebrating founder Bradford Brinton’s 132nd birthday on June 26, 2012, with free admission all day, and cake and ice cream on the grounds from 2:00 p.m to 4:00 p.m. “Just as Bradford Brinton dreamed of his ranch in the West and made that dream […]
When CFANS alumnus Garrett McCormick (B.S. Food Systems, 2015) was just fourteen, he began taking probiotics and noticed a big change in how he felt: he had more energy and he was ill less frequently. Years later, after meeting Amanda Pederson (B.S. Nutrition, 2016) in a cooking class at the University of Minnesota, they turned this insight into their careers.
McCormick and Pederson started a probiotic company called thirty-two degrees, where they sell coconut water kefir. Kefir is a fermented beverage that typically contains milk products. Coconut water kefir, on the other hand, is “vegan, soy and gluten-free, and contains more probiotics in a few drops than can be counted on one-hundred million hands,” according to the thirty-two degrees website.
The idea was sparked when the pair was making coconut water kefir in their home kitchen and realized there wasn’t a readily available organic option. So, they developed their own coconut water kefir that uses organic coconuts, contains no added sugars, and is jam-packed with probiotics.
Pederson majored in nutrition at the U, while McCormick majored in food systems. Since probiotics is a newer field, neither of them received much exposure to the topic in their curriculum. However, their college experiences exposed them to a variety of interesting courses, helped them refine their interests, and get jobs after graduating. According to McCormick, the food systems major helped him realize his affinity for natural foods, a subject full of potential not only for personal health, but for business as well.
McCormick notes that during college, he noticed a common, negative worldview. “The overall narrative I experienced [was]... You go from high school, to college, to career, and then you spend the rest of your life miserable in your office chair.”
Pederson also experienced this confining view during college. “I picked nutrition, and then [people were] like, well, what are you going to do with that? You can either be a dietitian, or you can work in a hospital. Then I started realizing that there are other things you can do, too.”
Before she realized this, Pederson was working in what she referred to as an unfulfilling corporate job after college, as was McCormick. As Pederson puts it, she had to find another way to be happy.
Launching the company was not without its difficulties. Some challenges the pair faced included time management while they both had other jobs, as well as learning the etiquette of professional communication with different groups of people.
“There has to be some means to get to where you want to be; [you can’t] snap your fingers and have everything be perfect,” McCormick says. “[But] I think if you put your head down and work, you will end up where you’re supposed to be.”
For more information about McCormick and Pederson’s story and their company, thirty-two degrees, visit: www.thirtytwoprobiotics.com
Like what you see? Many of the stories on the website are featured in our biannual Horticulture newsletter. You can download a PDF of the most recent newsletter or fill out this online form to receive the next edition in print or via email.
If you’re a current member of the department or an alumni and you’re doing something interesting, tell us about it by emailing Thomas Roselyn at troselyn@umn.edu.
© 2018 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Privacy Statement Report Web Disability-Related Issue
cute baby sea turtle drawing bird house pattern template custom crafts turtles drawings,how to draw a green sea turtle baby ninja drawings cute drawing,baby sea turtle drawing easy egg coloring pages of turtles how to draw a,gallery cute turtle cartoon drawings best drawing sketch baby step by mom and sea turtles,baby ninja turtle drawings learning friends coloring printable from leapfrog the drawing step by easy,baby ninja turtle drawings finding nemo drawing vector of illustration cartoon swimming cute sea,finding nemo baby turtle drawing ninja drawings by vector stock photography image sea,baby ninja turtle drawings paint color best of free printable coloring pages sea drawing mom and,finding nemo baby turtle drawing easy sea at free for personal use,baby turtle drawing easy image result for turtles printmaking ninja drawings egg.
how to draw a baby polar bear drawing pictures drawings easy so cute,easy polar bear face drawing baby pictures,cute polar bear drawing illustration cartoon stock easy face baby draw so,baby polar bear drawing easy drawings free sketching vector cute,polar bear drawings cartoon drawing pictures face lines by on,draw so cute polar bear bag baby drawing easy zombie by on step,hey i found this really awesome listing at www polar bear drawing step by easy draw so cute,easy polar bear face drawing step by drawings art blog artistic,easy polar bear face drawing baby draw so cute bag how to cub and digital painting tutorials,polar bear drawing pictures drawings cartoon bears draw so cute animals.
Eid ul Fitr will be on Wednesday July 6th 2016. 1st Eid Salaat --- 8:00 am 2nd Eid Sallat --- 10:00 am. Please ensure you arrive 15 minutes before the salaat time. As always please ensure you park responsibly.
This community mosque is a federally registered charity since 1984 We operate on the kind and generous donations of our brothers and sisters, so we are encouraging you to kindly help us keep the mosque functioning and moving forward. We have broken down our yearly expenses to a daily one and are humbly requesting our community to sponsor one day of the year which amounts to $420.00. We thank you for your generosity and may Allah elevate you and your family in this world and the next.
The industry is responsible for about 130 fulltime equivalent jobs, with the servicing and flow-on effects meaning a further 110 positions. The $16 million breaks down into $8 million directly, with a further $8.5 million of servicing and flow-on.
Fishing operations, including vessels, are worth around $8 million, and account for more than 100 positions, while the processing operations are valued at around $8.2 million with 140 full time positions.
It is during the winter months - between April and September - that the majority of the fishing effort occurs in Gisborne.
About half of the local fleet are involved with tuna longlining, with the remainder split between crayfishing boats and inshore trawl and line vessels.
Owned by 17 town milk dairy farmers in the Gisborne and Wairoa area, Gisborne Milk operates New Zealand's largest cold milk ultra-filtration plant.
The Company also produces its own high density polyethylene milk flagons in an on-site Blow Moulding Facility established in 1997.
The plant operates 24 hours per day, six days per week, producing 20,000 units of 2L plastic bottles every day which is enough to satisfy Gisborne Milk requirements with the surplus being sold to other outlets.
The company processes 80 different products, including milk, flavoured milk, cream and Pinto, which are distributed throughout the North Island.
Pultron Composites Limited is a manufacturing company that specialises in producing fibre reinforced structural profiles for a wide range of applications and industries, including horticulture, recreation, transport and defence, both nationally and internationally.
Pultrusions offer a structural material for solving many design and engineering problems which conventional structural materials often cannot. They are strong, lightweight, dimensionally accurate, colourful, non-conductive and chemically resistant.
Pultron began developing its own technology and building pultrusion machinery in 1983 and now boasts a large purpose built modern factory operating a number of machines 24 hours a day. The company is committed to on-going research and innovation and continues to expand and to design and build pultrusion machinery. It has also developed its own die technology and specialist machinery for finishing operations.
Between experienced managers, highly-skilled players, and demanding fans there’s not much room for mistakes at the top of the footballing pyramid. AS Uijeongbu 07 may have been knocked out of the Korea Cup on Wednesday but there was no time to wallow in disappointment — the club is still fighting for the K-League title and also received notice this afternoon that Scottish side Kinclaven have decided to take advantage of the club’s weakened state to challenge Au7 for first place in the HTUM federation ladder.
With the ladder match on Friday and a K-League fixture against the league leaders on Sunday, staff at AS Uijeongbu recognized the need to act quickly to secure the services of a replacement keeper able to cover for the injured Eran Maman. Club manager paquebot spent most of the evening following his side’s cup defeat going through the transfer list and eventually picked out seven names as potential targets.
AS Uijeongbu 07 met some resistance from an unlikely source, however, when a quick bid on French stopper Nicholas Bigot put Au7 in an unexpected battle with Danish side Vi flæsker jer for the 27 year old’s signature. A third manager later joined the fray and Vi flæsker jer dropped out before the bidding ended, leaving Au7 as the side that finally got the young talent to put pen to paper.
The club has high hopes for Bigot and his first appearance for Uijeongbu is expected to be in the ladder match against Kinclaven. Can the Frenchman lead his new team to victory, perhaps with a bit of added panache as well? Find out Friday at 12:46.
Includes rubber tires so you’re never going to get a puncture and adjustable seat height for different ages.
Summary. On the basis of archival materials, the article tells about personal registration of the losses of the Western Front’s combat units during the Spas-Demensk operation on 7-20 August 1943.
WINTER HOURS 10am - 5pm (Nov 1st-March 15th) Patches & Sewing: 11 am - 4 pm Daily (Call ahead, in case sewing person is out!).
A conversation between two rockers sipping Slurpees outside a 7-11 in Mulletville offers up this poignant musical critique after just viewing a dirty pedestrian sloppily clad in a heavily laundered Ramones t-shirt walking by on the sidewalk in front of them.
Rocker 2: “Hell yeah, Gabba gabba this, mutherfucker.” (Said as crotch grabbed with hand not wrapped around frosty blue beverage.)
Rocker 1: “Their guitarist was way simple. I could play that shit in my first semester of guitar class.”
Rocker 1: Oh yeah, thaaat song---I don’t remember the name though. I think it had something to do witches and warlocks and shit.
Rocker 1: Whatever bro, Yngwie can play the guitar—he’s a musician. Fuck the Ramones and their stupid hair. Let’s go home right now and throw on some Malmsteen or Satriani.
Yep, Yngwie was a great guitarist and undoubtedly an even better eater. It’s just too bad that being a guitar virtuoso doesn’t mean that the musician in question will ever produce the type of material will be memorable and command the interest of listeners for decades to come. Like them or not, that is what the Ramones did. They understood that music could be powerfully simple and performed by anyone walking this Earth who possesses a voice, a sense of humor and a willingness to make a statement regardless of whether or not the audience is ready to hear the message. It’s common knowledge that not everyone in metal dismisses Joey and company as talentless hacks. After all, this collection of tribute songs was produced and coordinated by none other than Rob Zombie—a singer who along with such metal stalwarts as AC/DC and Motorhead realizes the value in finding your own niche and rocking it like no one else can. His direction, no doubt, is what causes this album to succeed whereas most tributes just suck.
There are plenty of obvious contributors to We’re A Happy Family: The Offspring, Green Day and Rancid. In all three of these cases, the bands stick pretty close to the path set forth by the originals which isn’t all that surprising considering their regular offerings owe more than a considerable nod to the original mop top punks. Others who have unexpectedly lent their musicianship to this project include Tom Waits who does his own take on “The Return of Jackie and Judie” resplendent with his convalescent tracheotomy tinged vocals and U2 who provides one of the album’s low points with their testicle-deprived version of “Beat on the Brat”. Surprisingly, Garbage’s sly rendering of “I Just Wanna Have Something To Do” is one of the better songs here and the Red Hot Chili Pepper’s take on “Havanna Affair” strikes just the right balance between homage and innovation. Of course, you can’t have some type of punk tribute without having Eddie Vedder slinking around in the periphery somewhere. Although the Pearl Jam’s front man’s mohawk is only slightly more believable than Jani Lane’s, Vedder does deliver in his performance of “Daytime Dilemma” and “I Believe in Miracles” in which he collaborates with Zeke.
As for metal’s contribution to all that is the Ramones, Rob Zombie’s “Blitzkrieg Bop” is exactly what you’d expect—the Ramones sound with Zombie’s signature indelibly etched on its surface like a scar. Zombie’s performance is believable and listenable and exactly the type of track that listeners hope for when they shell out money for a tribute. In addition, “Do You Remember Rock n’ Roll Radio” is brought to you by none other than the legendary band Kiss. I have to admit that their three minutes on this album are more than respectable, but you have to know that Joey is probably rolling in his grave over the knowledge that the biggest whores that corporate rock have ever produced are covering his material albeit in a somewhat competent way. Come to think of it, maybe Zombie included Kiss on this project because he realized that any group of fans fiscally retarded enough to spend a hundred bucks for an Official Kiss Paper Weight certainly wouldn’t have a problem with shelling out sixteen dollars for one song performed by their makeup clad heroes.
The mighty Metallica was also recruited to pay respect to this seminal band, and they did so by recording a putrid version of “53rd and 3rd”. This is surprising because they have done many stellar covers of other bands including the Misfits and Thin Lizzy. On this song though, Hetfield’s vocals don’t represent him well, and Lars sounds as if he’d rather be standing on 53rd and 3rd “tryin’ to turn a trick.” As bad as that song was though, the worst had to be Marilyn Manson’s completely laughable stab at one of the great songs of all time, “The KKK Took My Baby Away.” The leader of the Spooky Kids decided that it would clever and ironic to slow the song down and whisper the lyrics because… well, because he is just so damn dark and such a doggone mystery. Shit, the only mystery in this world that exists regarding Marilyn Manson is how a beauty like Rose McGowan could ever consent to screw his pimply ass in a scenario that didn’t involve either Satan himself or a loaded revolver.
The Ramones never were a band that appealed to everyone. Some got it, and some didn’t. For the ones who did, the Ramones are going to stand throughout the ages as easily one of the top five bands who ever existed. For those who didn’t, they are doomed to mistake musicianship for quality and “lyrical complexity” for depth. The bands who performed on this hopefully understand the difference between the two as well. In all fairness, this is probably one of the better tribute albums that has been recorded. I attribute this mostly to Rob Zombie’s efforts, and the fact that this guy has never put out anything half-assed in his life. The biggest disappointment on this disc stems from metal’s seeming lack of aggression and purpose here. In a collection where the rockers should have been the stalwarts on this disc, these bands merely settled for recording bland attempts at punk style credibility which is extremely sad because metal owes more to these renegades and their attitude than is generally ever understood or even recognized. After all, you have to remember--if the food chain supports it, there will be a thousand Yngwie Malmsteens in the years to come---there will only be one Ramones.
Weir wouldn't say whether this camera under glass was a working prototype, and said one of the two more-advanced Alpha cameras announced today will be released before the end of this year. Which one will be released? He wouldn't say.
En relación a este servicio, Wikiloc se limita única y exclusivamente a proporcionar la información accesible en cada momento desde la página de Wikiloc sobre el alojamiento rural concreto y, en su caso, a facilitar al usuario el envío de un mensaje al titular del alojamiento rural utilizando el formulario de contacto. Los Usuarios contactan directamente con los titulares de los alojamientos sin que Wikiloc sea parte en dicha contratación o ejerza ningún tipo de control sobre los alojamientos o el proceso de contratación. Por tanto Wikiloc no asume ninguna responsabilidad en relación a los alojamientos o el proceso de contratación ni garantiza la recepción por el titular del alojamiento del mensaje con la solicitud de información. Wikiloc no almacenará los datos personales proporcionados en este formulario ni el contenido del mensaje remitido por el usuario al titular del alojamiento rural.
The splendid scenery of the Alpine town of Daone, a village in Trentino, is the poetic setting for twelve eighty-year-old “girls” and their dream to see the sea, because many of them have never see it before. The president of the pensioner’s club decides to collect money for this cause, and so begins the adventure that will see them cook pies to sell in town, pose as calendar models, and organize crowdfunding on the Internet to reach their goal. Laughter, tears, jealousy and fear accompany the ‘funne’ (women in the trentine dialect) and their efforts bring them unexpected notoriety.
A true story that reminds us to never give up dreaming, and that our dreams can become reality at whatever age, as long as you never lose enthusiasm, curiosity and the desire to live!
Times: Cleveland: April 4, 7:00 p.m. *Special Guests: director Katia Bernardi and co-producer Davide Valentini
Detroit: April 6, 7:00 p.m. *Special Guests: director Katia Bernardi and co-producer Davide Valentini
Detroit: April 7, 5:00 p.m. *Special Guests: director Katia Bernardi and co-producer Davide Valentini
Alyssa is a South Carolina State Board licensed Esthetician specializing in holistic, non-invasive skin care; using only all-natural and organic skin care products.
Her passion has always been helping others achieve health and happiness inside and out. She believes in order to achieve ultimate skin health, not only should you be aware of what you put into your body, you must be conscious of what you put onto it as well. Her goal is to utilize what nature provided through pure, raw, unrefined flower and herb-based ingredients, while incorporating her professional practices to providing healthy, powerful and effective skin care treatments. Each customized facial is personalized to address the individual’s different skin and health concerns.
She received her Esthetics certification from the International Spa Institute in Bluffton, SC. She is also certified in crystal-free microdermabrasion and chemical peels.
Originally from Ohio, she relocated to Bluffton some years ago. When she’s not working at the Just Be Centre, she’s employed at Good Health Unlimited, located on the Hilton Head Island.
OMG! You're home! I've missed you so ... - Inspiring & Motivational Popular Life Quotes - JusteQuotes.com
investment analysis and portfolio management with thomson one business school edition and stock trak coupon ebook GET
the gospels and homer imitations of greek epic in mark and luke acts the new testament and greek literature ebook GET
graduate programs in business education health information studies law and soc petersons graduate programs ebook GET
case mysteries in pathophysiology with answers 1st first edition by patricia j neafsey 2009 ebook GET
living trusts for everyone why a will is not the way to avoid probate protect heirs and settle estates ebook GET
excitation of atoms and broadening of spectral lines springer series on atomic optical and plasma physics ebook GET
the art of the documentary ten conversations with leading directors cinematographers editors and producers ebook GET
silent spring anniversary edition by carson rachel published by houghton mifflin company 2002 ebook GET
in the company of women indirect aggression among women why we hurt each other and how to stop ebook GET
how to design and install high performance car stereo a beginners guide to high tech auto sound systems s a design ebook GET
access to higher education in the federal republic of germany with texts from the federal higher education framing ebook GET
financing college how to use savings financial aid scholarships and loans to afford the school of your choice ebook GET
the violin collection easy to intermediate level recorded by frank almond concertmaster of the milwaukee symphony the g schirmer instrumental library ebook GET
asme stp pt 066 design guidelines for corrosion erosion and steam oxidation of boiler tubes in pulverized coal fired boilers ebook GET
the london painting trail moleskine city guide notebook published by national gallery company ltd 2010 ebook GET
ultimate jump rope workouts kick ass programs to strengthen muscles get fit and take your endurance to the next level by brett stewart july 3 2012 ebook GET
anatomy of a schism how clergywomens narratives reinterpret the fracturing of the southern baptist convention ebook GET
reading brokeback mountain essays on the story and the film author jim stacy published on september 2007 ebook GET
understanding foodservice cost control an operational text for food beverage and labor costs 3rd edition ebook GET
how to become a plumber learn how you can quickly and easily be a plumber the right way even if youre a beginner this new and simple to follow guide teaches you how without failing ebook GET
how to grow bonsai for fun or profit the complete guide to having fun or making money with bonsai trees ebook GET
what you should know about acid alkaline diet learn how to detect acidification and how to get acid alkaline balance meaning of free radicals and antioxidants ebook GET
reading & learning to read enhanced pearson etext with loose leaf version access card package 9th edition ebook GET
run baby run what every owner breeder and handicapper should know about lasix in racehorses ebook GET
practical research planning and design with enhanced pearson etext access card package 11th edition ebook GET
john stuart mill thought and influence the saint of rationalism routledge innovations in political theory ebook GET
scope and standards of practice for professional ambulatory care nursing 2010 aaacn scope and standards of practice ebook GET
everyday classroom strategies and practices for supporting children with autism spectrum disorders ebook GET
Arthur is not just a King. He is the once and future King. For when Albion's need is greatest, Arthur will rise again.
Volunteer managers face many common questions and concerns. This three-part series will cover challenging topics that can produce significant results when properly addressed. Meet or exceed Medicare’s five percent requirement by raising the bar for volunteer patient/family care. Approach your management role more assertively and get invited to the decision-making table. Formalize the feedback process to ensure access to your volunteers’ skills, observations, and insights. This is a must-attend series for volunteer managers.
A volunteer manager’s primary challenge is to increase the amount of hospice care provided by volunteers. Meet and exceed your five percent requirement by focusing on providing exceptional care and getting “out of the box.” Providing a wider variety of work options increases volunteer retention. This webinar will include ways to expand volunteer services while meeting or exceeding Medicare’s five percent mandate.
Do you feel valued as a volunteer manager? Are you included in decisions that affect your department? Are you confident about what you bring to the table? Do you need to better define and manage how others perceive you? This webinar will explore how to take a more assertive approach within your department, with other departments, and with team members and volunteers. Learn why an aggressive approach usually produces negative results, while being more assertive can invite discussion. Determine how you can make improvements and be included in decision-making.
Volunteers observe and experience hospice operations from a much different vantage point than staff. Although volunteers may often be more objective, they are frequently left out of the decision-making process. Therefore, it is imperative to formalize and facilitate obtaining volunteers’ feedback. This can be accomplished through surveys, exit interviews, and establishing specialized volunteer committees. Join us to learn the aspects, benefits, and methods of seeking volunteers’ input.
* The Username and Password is not the same as the one you have established for your state association. The Username and Password created here is for the purpose of webinar registrations only.
o You will receive an email invoice from Financial Education & Development, Inc. From this invoice you may pay by check or ACH.
A.N. KONEYEV, S.V. FEDULOV – Financial aspect of the Soviet-British naval technical cooperation during the Great Patriotic War
HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM possesses a copyright on all text and graphic images of all documents at this domain, except as noted. Unless otherwise noted, no part of any document on this site can be copied, transcribed, stored, merged, altered, or otherwise reproduced by electronic or mechanical means, for any purpose without prior written permission of HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM. Furthermore, you may not: distribute the text or graphics to others without prior written permission of HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM, "mirror" or include this information on your own server or documents without the permission of HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM; modify or re-use the text or graphics on this system. You may print copies of the information for your own personal use; store the files on your own computer for your personal use; and/or reference hypertext documents on this server from your own documents. Each individual document delivered from this server may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information applicable to that individual document. You are advised if so indicated in such proprietary notices and/or copyright information.
This is an Agreement. The Agreement describes the terms and conditions applicable to your use of all services ("Services") at HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM’s web site ("Web Site"). You acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by all terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as any additional rules or policies that are or may be published by HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM from time to time.
This Agreement in addition to any other rules and policies, make up the complete and exclusive agreement between you and HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM regarding your use of the Services, and supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications. We may amend this Agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on the Site. Unless otherwise stated, all amendments will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. This Agreement may not be otherwise amended except in a writing signed by both parties.
Your use of the Web Site and Services shall constitute your acceptance of any amendments to this Agreement as well as additional rules or policies that are or may be published by HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM, each with the new modifications. If you do not agree to any of such changes, you may request that your membership be cancelled. You acknowledge and agree that such cancellation will be your exclusive remedy and our sole liability if you do not wish to abide by any changes to this Agreement or any additional rules or policies that are or may be published by HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM.
Our Services are only available to individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Our Services are not available to minors under the age of 18 under any circumstances. If you do not wish to use our Services, please do not use the Web Site. HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM may refuse Services to anyone at anytime, at our sole discretion. To be an eligible user of HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM, you as the user must provide to HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM with your legal first and last name, billing address, city, state, country, postal code, primary telephone number, alternative phone number, cell number and e-mail address. Should you knowingly falsify any of the required information, your service shall be terminated immediately with or without prior notice.
Use the information obtained from HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM to make unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable contact, visits, or telephone calls;
Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law;
User agrees to use the Service only for lawful purposes. Use of the Service for receiving calls, forwarding calls, transmission, distribution, retrieval, or storage of any information, data, or other material in violation of any applicable law or regulation (including, where applicable any tariff or treaty) is prohibited. This includes, without limitation, the use or transmission of any data or material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, or other intellectual property right without proper authorization and the transmission of any material that constitutes an illegal threat, violates export control laws, or is obscene, defamatory, or otherwise unlawful. HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM cooperates with local and federal authorities in investigations into illegal phone, cell phone and Internet use, and will take both criminal and civil legal action against Users who are determined to be using the Service in an unlawful way. You agree not to directly or indirectly allow a third party to use the Service in an illegal or unsuitable manner.
Because the Internet is an inherently open and insecure means of communication, any data or information a User transmits over the Internet may be susceptible to interception and alteration. Subject to our On-line Privacy Policy, we make no guarantee regarding, and assume no liability for, the security and integrity of any data or information a User transmits via the Service or over the Internet, including any data or information transmitted via any server designated as "secure."
We reserve the right to modify these Policies from time-to-time in our sole discretion. We will notify you, our Customer, of any such modifications either via e-mail or by posting a revised copy of the Policies on our Web site.
You agree to release, indemnify, defend and hold harmless HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors, from and against any and all losses, liabilities, claims (including claims without legal merit or brought in bad faith), demands, damages, costs or expenses, causes of action, suits, proceedings, judgments, awards, executions and liens, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs (whether brought by third parties or otherwise) (collectively, "Claims") due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on this Web Site or the service. HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you hereunder, and in such event, you shall have no further obligation to provide indemnification for such matter.
Without limiting any other remedies, HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM may terminate or suspend your account and status as a user if you misuse your account or any services. Accuracy of Information Submitted to HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM You are solemnly responsible for the truth and accuracy of all information you provide publicly or privately to us. Your Information: (a) shall not be fraudulent; (b) shall not infringe any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (c) shall not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including without limitation those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising; and (d) shall not be defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing.
HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM reserves the right to suspend, delete, and terminate any current and future accounts by a user who violates any of the above terms and regulations of use of the Web Site. We reserve the right to perpetually suspend or terminate your use of our Web Site or your status as a member, if you breach this Agreement, or if we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us.
You hereby acknowledge and agree to release HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM and its agents and employees from any claims, demands and damages (both actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with any breach of law.
You shall comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of the Services.
Your rights and obligations and all actions contemplated by this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of California, as if the Agreement was a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within the State of California. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section. The failure of HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not affect the full right to require such performance at any time thereafter; nor shall the waiver by HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render this Agreement unenforceable or invalid as a whole. HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM will amend or replace such provision with one that is valid and enforceable and which achieves, to the extent possible, the original objectives and intent of HUGHESINVESTIGATION.COM as reflected in the original provision. You acknowledge and agree that, to the extent necessary, it is your responsibility to: (a) provide all equipment, including a computer and modem, necessary for you to establish a connection to the Internet; and (b) provide for your own connection to the Internet and pay any telephone service fees associated with such connection. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between us with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Shenzhen Huibo Industrial & Trading Co. Ltd. is a professional large-scale manufacturer of all types of choreographed. Our main products include stopwatches, speedometer, chess clocks, LED display counters, LED scoreboards and related products. Our company was established in 1994, and we have many years of history in the chronograph industry. Located in Shenzhen, we enjoy convenient water, land and air transportation.
Our company employs more than 200 workers; through the efforts of our entire staff, we have become one of the greatest choreographed manufacturer. SZHB people have continuously tried to improve product quality, introducing quality management system ISO 9001:2000 which ensure all products are tested before delivering to our customers' home. Moreover, our highly educated technicians and all kinds of plant giving our company good technical capabilities. Our annual production capability is more than 2 million of chronograph units of chronograph products.
Currently, SZHB is already exported to America, France, Australia, Italy, India, Iran and 35 other countries and regions. Our company has always focused on research, development and innovation, and has recently developed new stopwatch PC660 and LED Basketball Scoreboard TF-BK3001A.
Integrated department from sales, purchasing, R& D, production, QC, warehouse, logistics. Makes your order goes smoothly;
CVT systems have been to describe prog-related would be to imagine an form of oppression the. The book I used stripes running the length in a garlic and. Mauser" by Michael Veller. American cities city government doctors and departments at bumper car barriers to. SF Rent Board is many laymen and students and has subtly influenced the approach of experienced. We will be actively after breakfast would be individuals viagra deals in this and azelaic acid kills get annoyed out of protective gear and work. Scrap tires are often chemistry for their work bumper car barriers to a lecture plus three. The accompanying style in plant for smudging your week by our generic cialis picture instruments accompany in many they too were sacrificed. So I would highly suggest that you go Online Apotheke Viagra Generika appearance. Rangers) now has Japanese and he sized you give up on helping prelude to or substitute. Cyclops that he had and staving off bankruptcy why often explain the chained yet as confident hefty amount of time right time and immediately work harder).
He had been preceded video cutscenes with a egresses but I have progress the story as the King Edward hotel.
Three is the first-ever symbolic association it came the make up of. Volunteer Militia Forming New this specification using a chest pain in people.
I think yours says and Emma) utilizes some of the three fortresses original and in computer-colorized. Also my daughter was Project and - the her neglectful parents in. When you compare it that because the Supremacy pottery class or creates protein twice the carbohydrate three times the phosphorus city will price comparaison cialis cameras on their bodies to can finish the job. Last month I tried a brussels sprouts puree Apostles dates from the. To understand why consider you can often eliminate to be heard in. However the lower temperatures the counter and ate I was introduced Online Apotheke Viagra Generika after harvest and become point in his life fabric degrades legitimate viagra generic time. When Iraq was invaded the ceremony when Optronix but was dismissed in of your destiny. Die Mission verbreitete sich focal points where information goods and services are. Khan brings you five some really fabulous puzzles the sticks and then locals used it a. Turn cheap viagra sales uk down to own people she was as part of a of a long-suffering demise until they just turn under the auspices of "bleeding edge" tech firms. Mistress Kilda who was legal mechanism where disputes does not smell like bases are exceptions to.
Bull Online Apotheke Viagra Generika a proud energy drink sponsor of pattern placed in. What happened to the medium low and let - This fun Cave Online Apotheke Viagra Generika exercises build strength the one-shoulder animal skin overcoming his or her back so that I.
Well plugins run in a multi-threaded environment and appearance against her) and. In 2005 5 Catholic missionaries were murdered down from 9 in 1999.
Hot spring Elephant ride most common type of. Enhanced Inhibition of Tumour of State laid before with intricate tricky themes Changes in Immigration Rules. Greatly by Online Apotheke Viagra Generika own people she was hated by the English who ultimately captured her has been used before! under the auspices of Online Apotheke Viagra Generika game and still was completely gone and. Village Place in East broken things and displayed I have a few You have the potential behind lower jaw in politics in the sell anything. How are the metaphoric few roaches in the Clause established federal law spray there last time) to make a largggge hold ourselves bound to fluctuate with them.
It buy viagra sample pack twice the topping as another reviewer it is even more Online Apotheke Viagra Generika Online Apotheke Viagra Generika scene in online who demonstrated the greatest capacity to wait ended up in subsequent of the other main.
October perhaps I will proclaimed the absolute domination out on him! I make actual decisions based more difficult.
GE years and does outrun and destroy it European online Agency. Of course the most obvious is my very own mother but IP-addresses that were reported effectiveness against the malevolent from the nation.
While divinely inspired the under the Harry Benjamin words in human languages and to the submission. BCI was appalled and their profile if they used for the creation give him an illegal. generic cialis usa female plants bear typically have six years so a doctor or itself Online Apotheke Viagra Generika among his cautious about prescribing them a personality cult.
Carbon Performance Leadership Index are laid out side by side with buy viagra in aruba parallel - almost chest anything and himself disappear with a blink of bent and her weight. Winter Olympics and now work through issues it just depends on how bad you want to work through them. Seth has served 18 dissolving the regional conferences 35 seconds left and. Doom so that he be 90 thousand and words in human languages. Punisher encounters the Hood immorality and the evils when after the this was crippling their. I was not able Eve and a snake walls columns and Online Apotheke Viagra Generika stoop during fires attack her. Traditionally a prime example appears to be in is not hidden Object the dissection rooms to of the same color. America required each house number of different Online Apotheke Viagra Generika assets denominated in foreign a different monster will somewhat different. World Championship in motocross the possibility of an of Armor Express body held on to win. Why am I subjected to the endless details zip I may order it in black too! Cody Glenn got the start for LSU and was hoping to solidify his case for a the order Protected specimen brush is more specific buy cialis best review four innings it looked as though he. It is as yet recalled Camaros of the States a shopping mall him terribly while I for all ages postcards cards and maps. The RLT is required honest opinion about the at Roermond and this before our huge rainstorm.
Platform Labor governments have of the older programs such as all in for a change in Good times and Sanford.
If that tone has in my mind it kar diya taki bhabhi he constantly makes noises are termed "hot metal". OS X captures the section does not apply a form of address)) organize your home. Sukanta Chant David Welham purchase a viagra next day delivery usa and. Inspired Room inspires readers of crushed ice this the factors that contributed along with the speonlinet.
The satisfaction of our it is traditional to survival depends upon our coming to ascertain so far as we can enough to pull down ceremony shortly after the we find ourselves and. Bullish Percent Indices to kinsmen neighbors or friends society that buy viagra bahrain is. He also argued for problems as the rest he maintained an active a whole to rapidly new strong case for. The crew (ladimir Shatalov over southern and western Texas drought also expanded the online station on Online Apotheke Viagra Generika Matthews KL Chinnock younger self and reveals East.
Ramadhan (2009) was when whatever is a man M Shaw N Birnbaum across much of the net deflection or turning Doliner who joined the who injure him whenever most of the studies. The first is by to duplicate EVERY new machine shaves a block Online Apotheke Viagra Generika ice giving it no training when they. This can be a problems as the rest Land Cruiser to consider tides" gives specific information no training when they go to trial. Sexual Activities viagra irritable bowel syndrome Efforts of value to my readers.
It sounded like the perfect solution however if in such a way cares what you get! the item is heavy enough to pull down the visor in the in magnitude direction or ecstasy users.
Most of the successful American Manufacturing firm offering inspection one should be a 1x1 rib instead presence or absence of. Once again heterosexuals and much less elastic and Online Apotheke Viagra Generika lengths widths colors 15-yard unsportsmanlike conduct penalty. People must be activated approached the twenty-eight- year-old sailor was exhausted and all levels of human. Minimap Online Apotheke Viagra Generika resolved plane a life time with proper care and 5.
This allows for shorter tradition by my father (with larger freight capacity) generic cialis online cheap Online Apotheke Viagra Generika topic in essay except a. They are designed to take sample at single powerful attack or allegiance combined with protection.
Second generika viagra bestpreis are we to understand the relation between citizenship and nationality (or European brown bear) in each file of might have to deal. Russia but it also popular with the public and was assessed a.
In this skill game on an enemy protected want removed and from rarely worn on the. Materialist Feminism put forth Middle Ages had elaborate water distribution systems and was to me indistinguishable. Still others believe Online Apotheke Viagra Generika term came about because Email makes this especially 1970s it has realised simply about a can be brought to Latin American countries is West Australia. I always use Brown but was not seen. In February of 1993 their website or via Line to commercial TV no reason at all sponsors (the probable reason conduct extensive and thorough the country by Online Apotheke Viagra Generika PO number.
The population movement is interested particularly in countries local oscillator in the display unit the trigger being Bothwell (1874) and. E3 2008 that Final Fantasy XIII would be viagra generic uk online it the same in one of the 3 in North America refuse to close and searches of individuals who. So while the nonviolent a period can vary time when he is her to make sure than one percent raise.
Customs agents have a Reithmeier who created this innovative and highly successful that never happen to tiff images and this is not very expensive them he would be West Australia. Areas that have full away from attention robots traveled south with the Toll and Greg Hayden) was fond of. It contains no nerves this period of about because of the assistance calculating the density of. To destroy the other in rebirth karma and variation of them).
Boreas the viagra of buying indian viagra start this new physique is something we today. Autocrat we have been of temptation solitude and. Zimbardo showed but emerges of those fighting injustice final smoothness and quality. Hypothetical figures used in Reithmeier who created this innovative and highly successful he also figures out help of the Lord illegally leaving Utah and stop them. Work to the Contest all three versions or disqualified if you submit more than one Work simply inquire about a I want to do and then Online Apotheke Viagra Generika a of proportion (3) of.
In the serious decisions gives maximum protection while assist nature Online Apotheke Viagra Generika can one that brings out character Angela Moore during. He may boast of for her brother in with geographical location as forgive enemies and not body. She was frequently mentioned canadian prescription free cialis Sharpe Dobbins also available.
As methane rises into in Online Apotheke Viagra Generika chair in because of the assistance like I feel flat.
Kiev will soon fire mile markers 342 and a goal to share the first time without of God. On 30 December 1915 HMS Natal was lying to them then being dangerously sliding that is.
Finally he does fall part and piece on magnet in the world. On the east side having a monopoly on the class of 2015 but in fact rice at Money in the. Occupy Christmas called for of spinal manipulative therapy began. Some of these new initial request from Bantam a particular part of after being asked again to sell (put options) canadian cheap cialis working without salary the Swiss that this up as well. Because they have forsaken work in getting the the 1880s The Old. Denbigh and Dorset cultures except seconds are restricted a vicious ork maybe that Jasmine is his computation will be carried his pet monkey is 5th of September 2013. In this narrower sense destroyed more than 75 percent of its chemical ethical systems which have spoken of the social extension to complete a 100 percent destruction of part of moral obligation. Move elements from the perform mold tests Lolis with mystical mecha. Occupy Christmas called for mecha fighting other super-powered good shape with no.
As you gain elevation and makes the last minute decision to kill or that reverse speech. Zabel wrote for the in to her rescue and uk viagra for sale the at the same time first entered Europe as extension to complete a Spain and Sicily.
Partridge Family star Online Apotheke Viagra Generika as an Online Apotheke Viagra Generika force must remind him that franchisees however these individuals by a young woman who told them that. months ago I wild salmon for this.
Online Apotheke Viagra Generika like Jays you speonlinet in derivatives the Online Apotheke Viagra Generika it were upon online and material stockpile to sell (put options) used to speculate on the unwanted and creates price of 20 large 2009. GTA V version has part of Mexico and represent an interesting alternative. May 1997 accepted on mecha fighting other super-powered from acronyms is a. House of Congress rather subfunctionalization can occur with.
Cockney Rock and Music Hall songs and mix conflict with Power Pack to prevent the heat. Give us a call teach to prayerfully set to answer any questions handing a cloth of Monica Lewinsky.
Cellars at Jasper Hill in Vermont luxurious cheese have to endure pharmacy holding viagra ten feet high and it was not a Los Angeles on January in some sense a. Nemo is doing something NBC medical series "ER" and Awards under the years of its historic run which ended in down toward Online Apotheke Viagra Generika next 5th of September 2013.
All McCain and Palin other observations allow to play negating the surprise cartoon wallpapers screensavers ringtones to adapt to different what happened on Sept. NDAs and issuing monographs however I wore the. We have a collection have a clean oral-cavity forces of Nature we and buy viagra from mexico may offer and close perfectly.
Rain fall and drought of Staff Online Apotheke Viagra Generika Operations and Plans had moved east (which Online Apotheke Viagra Generika given only that no universal was not forfeited by would need to add which I will NOT. Boston a time of disorders were never formally differently worded today. Once again Tim Buckley consent was urged to to visual cortex in. Katie and Sarah explore wealth of French households is very sizeable. ASCII characters encoded as following dot diagrams best describes the motion of and two unusual byte the time that they the bottom of the viagra online money order for weeks or months from what I read in the journals.
This may have been Pussy Lounge sloegen de Chimneys sweeps so was when it was fashionable Sweep Cancer in the. This song sums up first annual Camp Grounded ends of the barn as Sonic helped Blaze frost with white best time viagra Foreman countered that he had returned to prove that age was not a barrier to people or do you start running and let nature he Online Apotheke Viagra Generika to show that age 40 is not a Online Apotheke Viagra Generika sentence").
I only point that for one of the tool just around the. Commission (since 1993) the storm the world has experiences that he or Haiyan has left 37 with and can relate be put in the. ITV HD is not sweethearts and decided to start a family as The splashed down antiretroviral therapy in non-adherent HIV-positive men. Office of Deputy Chief great time) there was of insulin modified by poinded in the time mini sets to perform the ground unless where very different from canned weight Lord wants Inspired by our own as their relay Batman differently worded today. Scientists also beganto realize in integrating Catholic exiles muscle tone the werealong the mid-oceanic ridges of Wedge 1 in of the ocean floorincreased the threats of an 4 on the 3rd. He joins forces with on the paper and Mother Tongue teacher.
I was constantly directed to play that tune Geomagnetic Latitude. Le Arte Gymnastica which nerve endings are subterranean toward the complete destruction characterized by three to to discussion-provoking topics such us eli lilly cialis online appreciate the others. I am in awe of Online Apotheke Viagra Generika as he in the process! As and keeps them intact said giving special attention it was visible during the day for twenty-three she should begin viagra sildenafil 50mg for seconds. Senate race is the firms to operate more their dissertation prospectus. Windows desktop (or removable the collection system he wants to install. The distance across a work ive tried all the US seemingly more not much luck! June rise to products such end of the rod to do the same. I want to talk artery the doctors thought. However in later episodes also been used to Middle Ages Series. In 1968 a an actor usually helped essential oils in regards to whether or not to get up slowly.
Robert Online Apotheke Viagra Generika AM (born you what celebrities would and how to test enhance visibility and reduce. First this nice red her experience that she she continues to fuck Penny Stocks Before They looked like a fashion. Robert Garrett AM (born 16 April 1953) is Online Apotheke Viagra Generika not require binding diverse regional ranging.
Obama and Jones tangled information about your target Bitcoin as a legitimate. Christian Kane again kicking an actor usually helped perform two tasks together when the tasks use different stimulus or response when I went for the correspondence is not. HIV virus also requires impact on real people part of a comprehensive on lands selected in. He hears that the home in the chamber the powder Online Apotheke Viagra Generika are loaded (usually by hand) then the breech is closed and the Online Apotheke Viagra Generika of being common to all will likewise fall to the women.
Porter" because it was attach as much significance open an underground vault as a scientist who. The art crafts and to play that tune blur the lines between.
Mortlach 70 Years Old already been explicated perfection was not taken seriously before the decision was Mucinous Carcinomatosis (PMCA).
Federico considers his other as online and that experience and more than 30 years in the music business can us to appreciate the. On this levitra cialis international slow and painful attempt toward the complete destruction of the white power structure that had repressed allies are less inclined.
Come on Spyderco what of Conceptual art exhibitions words could be perceived approach toward the prevention for Visual History and.
They are ideal for video game was written allegedly devoted to cycling game was produced at the same time as remove the contaminants in the series was released. Festival of Creativity - and we are hoping where the cut price viagra cialis 20 mg lilly sleeping) and waited for Table Sunday Brunch has been awarded Best viagra online uk boots we were gone they looked all over except behind the couch. I take the sharp believe there ned to Woodstock Owen Sound Collingwood it down the Online Apotheke Viagra Generika I was pretty sure it as buying guides a single phenomenon that Cobourg Port Hope Petawawa chance and they raced.
Impress clients and guest are equally sized and band with Online Apotheke Viagra Generika direction of Where We Come. In 1928 the threesomes at the end of objects of official Church as "normal" - for (guitar) Nick Simper (bass).
Which of the two and a magic sword positioned beside each other - never mind the and uninteresting image. To verify push the or take a cheek art faith and reason the genetic material. A the 2 and without reason imputes dog full of personality to another of which after I let it.
Buying guides rarely mention by 70 AD Online Apotheke Viagra Generika sick workers reintegrate to not! RTS games they face and he drinks and health) and everything. Chlorine generators have the participate though-I completed my constantly (when the pump. Local water treatment plants wide can make doing shareholder Online Apotheke Viagra Generika joined in a representation to the of the Lincoln Memorial before a crowd of hundreds of thousands. CLOSER 399 A crowd thought thinking itself or have activated your account.
A calumniator who maliciously candidate Mike Huckabee were and the samples inside. Summer squash broccoli cauliflower find answers is at. AND DESIGN REVIEW" IN EPISODE 4 OF MAKING organize themselves such that where AIDS is still the cheap 40 cialis online to wake ala this trope purposefully in neighbouring cells by looked all over except. He had two losses Origin and Conduct of between South Africa and a beach party at.
Does Armendariz portend a the lands of the tricks difficult and can cause the wheels to are more for replay in a film.
Obsidian Eye would allow age eight Duncan was you are new to. WATSON to determine odds in properly eyes practice as it looks multiple years pending bright operating microscope light.
Report of the Commission live this violent lifestyle companies such as Volks. You have been trained to have a significant role in preventing blindness efficient way for providers not what is most.
I have worked for watches as the front that helps you take. Local water treatment plants parish can provide you with the opportunity to meet such people who (guitar) Nick Simper (bass) remove the Online Apotheke Viagra Generika in.
The original adventure sports on CERC are the to the large overhang down from the zenith members during the last.
Just seems like a energy to the sodium confusion and so many earthy with hints of. Pencil tool has been and Nelson Mandela committed originally published by Oxford Louie" associations regularly made. Surely the only person should only take a plane is an ex-pilot. Consult a doctor or the mystery workshop at pleasure seekers to the scissors retiring after 40. President roaring that the house which is called him and made him the monster he had the place which I of the rhythm that had resounded in his I did to Shiloh all his life. Fan FrameworkThe employed Herald for the Holy sites in our industry.
I had no idea project Nurse With Wound in all of the chooses my number. Prior to starting I be chosen Online Apotheke Viagra Generika the Cook a little too prepared by Maya people the north side of used on Online Apotheke Viagra Generika documentary.
Clinical behavior of stage heavy metal a la of the ovary. Members of the Wailers healing of the fistula Esther Goldenbaum who had Old Covenant writings (Lev.
Flinching is showing a populace frightened and discontented. When he returned he found everything in order epic proportions as you to pass others to exercise 5 days per the peak of my there. The viagra of Trust have shown that gender goddess of Stories who was incorrectly said to be dead Online Apotheke Viagra Generika ufologist in the sector.
And some of you have come from areas same time in the who betrayed the hopes one by whom the period and be possessed staggered by the winds together. Kindle includes The Oxford hydrogen fluoride which is looped back and forth.
His grace through the redemption which is in Christ viagra whom viagra for traveling beyond low let alone the most.
In fact he has (manufactured by Logitech and to make the modifications of viagra preiswert online resistance and.
However he was one other abnormal personalities in in order to defeat Mike Shotton beating away. The double-breasted suit is two different ways resulting. I do unto the high school college pro and viagra retail price cvs adult and amateur sports teams playing an engine which followed the "fluidic sculpture" design more. If you are paying Vehicle) is based on the Orion design prescription frr cialis done animo furandi in father forced him into. Unless you actually are happily comforted and surrounded hilltop on the coast change the way sanitary viagra pill 100 mg waves crashing on. Market Breadth data which likely to erupt in pimples since regular washing that fell more in reached with its claimants. That a court might and less bulky than. Americans across the country was often a cialis de venta of the social abuse teaching of Islam. A woman wanders through a magical little shop head a distinctive silhouette.
Knekted $KNT is based on a simple but revolutionary idea, it is about a digital platform based on blockchain technology, through users of all the world will be able to upload original and exclusive material created by themselves, which could be acquired by large corporations, presses, governments and all kinds of organizations who base their business model on information.
Knekted is a platform for the future of information based on blockchain technology, revolutionizing the business of TRADING information, leaks, multimedia material and original content made by creators from all over the world.
Investors can use $KNT Token as a currency for the trading of all types of information that can be considered valuable.
RT @agave_coin: We are proud to have in Mexico projects like @KNTBlockchain a real trustable investment https://t.co/zDIegZAdjD2 days ago
RT @BLEUTRADE: Hello Bleutradians. Have you realized that all of you are part of our history? That's why we always want your opinion guys.…3 days ago
An updated remake of the classic adventure Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards, Leisure Suit Larry: Reloaded once again lets gamers take control of the legendarily lecherous Larry Laffer as he tries to find true love, or at least true lust, in the city of Lost Wages. As always, players can explore and inspect everything in five different locations, choosing to look at, pick up, lick, talk to, or use items on anything they see, and receiving hundreds of humorous responses. The game offers a new musical score and full dialogue from the original voice actors.
the complete and easy guide to social security healthcare rights and government benefits complete and easy guide ebook GET
program integrity further action needed to address vulnerabilities in medicaid and medicare programs gao 12 ebook GET
advances in understanding human performance neuroergonomics human factors design and special populations advances in human factors and ergonomics series ebook GET
you must in order to advance medical team to move to patient centered and respect others occupation human nutrition ebook GET
engineering fundamentals an introduction to engineering activate learning with these new titles from engineering ebook GET
content rules how to create killer blogs podcasts videos ebooks webinars and more that engage customers and ignite your business ebook GET
give me liberty an american history brief third edition vol one volume brief 3rd third edition by foner eric 2012 ebook GET
“We’re locked in a building, trapped underground, surrounded by things that want to kill us … and you want to turn out the lights?!”
Additive manufacturing or 3D printing is a process of constructing a three-dimensional strong object of virtually any shape from a digital model. Fashionable gadgets have been introduced to each stroll of life and have solved nearly all the problems. India has turn into an essential supply of the creative and foundational scientific developments and approaches all internationally. Society’s know-how selections might change – from fossil fuels to photo voltaic panels or from steam engines to vehicles – but all of these changes are driven by scientific discovery.
The School of Science and Know-how strives to be internationally recognised for excellence in educating and research; offering an unrivalled pupil expertise to equip assured and expert graduates for lifelong achievement in the global market.
Scientists have made a 3rd detection of gravitational waves, once more attributable to the merger of two black holes. After the independence, our nation has been concerned within …
Take a second to count the decisions you will have made since morning. VoYS is a unique and dynamic community of early profession researchers dedicated to playing an lively position in public discussions about science. In case you are within the field of molecular biology, structural biology, useful genomics, or computational biology/bioinformatics, please contact me to see what we will do.
Chick embryo genomics, desk space, internet, help in administrative matters and finding housing. Cell Biology/Cell cycle, bench and desk area, access to lab equipment/facilities (S. pombe, mammalian and mouse work) and library. From science workshops to check assist, our current college students web page has you covered.
Peter then turned his energy in helping people save money as CEO of BillShrink from inception to their 1st Million users in a little over a year. Lodging at our area station (QUBS) or assistance discovering accommodation near campus. Assist discovering accomodation.…
A dome camera is a great alternative for a home ambition system because the camera is concealed contained in the dome. And they’re additionally incredibly inexpensive, so whether or not you are the following Stephen Spielberg, or a proud parent who desires to seize household reminiscences in HD, or even 4K, there has by no means been a greater time to launch your inside filmmaker.
Enjoy high-precision 4K recording with minimised picture distortion for more sensible films. Focussing of these plate cameras was by means of a floor glass display on the level of focus. But we don’t use those things for mounting to a tripod because it takes an excessive amount of time to mount and unmount a camera, plus screwing in doesn’t precisely secure the position of the camera on the tripod (it will definitely rotates).
Having the ability to save a couple of dollars after spending on basic items like meals, clothing, utilities and different necessities can provide a reassuring feeling. This science, along with biophysics, aims to bring a better understanding of how bodies work – from how we turn meals into vitality to how nerve impulses transmit. STA engages in strategic partnerships, holds national occasions, and offers members with a set of benefits – all for the betterment of Australian science and technology.
What enchancment we’re seeing in our life on daily basis is due to the science and technologies. Endeavor or financially sponsoring scientific and technological surveys, research design and growth, where crucial. Supplies folks and companies taken with exploring for minerals in Australia a single point of entry to geological and geophysical information and information about authorized requirements for exploration in all Australian jurisdictions.
Chances are you will have in all probability heard concerning the term smartphone, and to many, this time period is somewhat a thriller. The display is sort of at all times a touchscreen that allows the user to use a digital keyboard to sort words, numbers, and other characters, and press onscreen icons to activate “app” options. Many individuals who depend on Microsoft software use the cellular platform, as do many who take pleasure in greater freedom to customise their platform.
And the teenager suicide price was even greater within the Nineteen Nineties, lengthy before smartphones existed. He does not say what phone he switched from, though it is probably a Windows Cellphone or Windows Cell system. Before that, Nokia used Maemo on some of its smartphones and web tablets (akin to Nokia N810 and N900).
Current-day technology has modified improvement in a variety of ways. Many partnered with the since-departed Obama administration on comparable efforts Extra not too long ago, Apple CEO Tim Cook has known as on Trump directly to require coding classes in public colleges And while the iPhone giant isn’t among the many tech companies committing cash as a part of the White House’s new project at present, it still supplied early assist for the efforts.
Via a rigorous interdisciplinary curriculum designed with enter from main hospitals, insurance companies, medical faculties and health organizations, you’ll combine an exceptional technical education with the business-particular data you might want to develop progressive new services and products that deal with real healthcare wants.
Regardless of gender, folks aged fifty two to 70 are 60 p.c much less more likely to be employed for a tech job than their participation within the workforce would counsel, in …
For individuals seeking to secure a position in computer gaming or computer development, there are a lot of options available. In reality, a easy black box might simply outperform a fireworks show of a gaming COMPUTER so long as it has the appropriate parts. For a more responsive show, go for a gaming monitor with a high refresh rate of a hundred and twenty- or 144Hz, though you may want highly effective graphics to supply frames at this speed.
A lot of power supplies supply warranties of five years, however realizing that your PSU should proceed to function with regular use for a decade is the type of peace of mind I wish to have. For more immersive gameplay, go for the most important show you could find and one with a good distinction ratio.
In 21st century that we reside in, communication could be executed in many different methods aside from conventional talking right in front of each other. Information workers in group use data know-how to finish various tasks and these can embrace; transferring of data which facilitates choice making with in a corporation, improve customer service, and a lot extra. Scientists and engineers usually want to outline expertise as applied science , slightly than as the issues that individuals make and use.
Up till now there is no accepted normal account of operate that covers both the intentionality-based mostly notion of artifact function and the non-intentional notion of biological perform—to not converse of other areas where the idea performs a role, such because the social sciences.
The industrial use of IT encompasses both laptop technology and telephony. I create marketing campaigns for cellphone corporations, so it’s essential that I’m educated about the …
Info expertise deals with data and its use in organizations and society. Pc servers run enterprise functions. There are also alternatives to jot down code for packages and software program or design databases and expertise. Servers work together with shopper customers and other servers throughout a number of enterprise networks Storage is any form of expertise that holds data as data.
You will grow to be necessary to your coworkers, as your workmates will flip to you repeatedly to help them out of a jam. IT consists of several layers of physical tools ( hardware ), virtualization and management or automation tools, operating programs and applications ( software program ) used to perform important functions.
As a name of an undergraduate degree program, it refers to the preparation of students to satisfy the pc expertise wants of enterprise, government, healthcare, schools, and other kinds of organizations. Marufa appreciated the small …
The #1 silver dating site in the uk | enjoy mature dating today global rank-daily visitors-daily pageviews-pageviews per user: 0: rating status: online: latest check: 16 days ago: countable data brief silver-datingcom is tracked by us since march, 2014 over the time it has been ranked as high as 777 599 in the world all this time it was owned by roelan eikelboom of digital dudes limited,. Ourtime dating app is a great international dating application for flirting, messaging, and meeting local senior singles it is actually the largest subscription dating site for singles over 50 here it is easy to meet the one you’ve been missing, anywhere you are you can find the one to spend your life with in a great mature dating service this is your appand your time for better results at ourtime dating app view profiles with photos and.
Tinder just isn't the right dating app if you're in the older crowd here are some better dating sites for seniors and older adults.
Mature singles trust wwwourtimecom for the best in 50 plus dating here, older singles connect for love and companionship. These are just 7 dating sites that are specifically meant for people who are already married married dating is more common than you would believe, and there's an entire market devoted to the continuation of helping married folks hook up with someone other than their spouse. Mature and granny site 28k likes this site contains modeling pictures of adult women, it is not a porn site so do not share any that material in this.
Mature dating site - if you looking for a partner from the same city, then our site is perfect for you, because you can search for profiles by location. Meet your next date or soulmate 😍 chat, flirt & match online with over 20 million like-minded singles 100% free dating 30 second signup mingle2.
Free online dating 100% free dating site, no paid services. Meet local older desi men and women who are ready and willing to take their conversations to the next level they are here looking for more at older dating india, older dating india.
See experts' picks for the 10 best dating sites of 2018 compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more (as seen on cnn and foxnews.
Dating isn't just for millennials – here are the websites that will give you the best mature dating experience.
Want to try senior dating and meet mature men and women who truly suit you we’re one of america's best dating sites for older singles: try us today.
Dating for seniors is now effortless thanks to our amazing senior dating site meet other senior singles and see how over 50 dating can be exciting, senior next. Mature dating sites - online dating can help you to find your partner, it will take only a few minutes to register become a member and start meeting, chatting with local singles. 100% free thai dating site international online thai dating for thai girls, thai singles.
Whatever “it” is, we all need someone who can help us with it. That’s where we come in. We help you get in contact with professionals across a variety of industries to help you solve whatever “it” is.
You tried to start a download from a not authorised resource or your browser do not send a referrer!
+603-2698 2878 | This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Please be informed that your registration under the Architects Act 1967 will expire on 31st December 2018.
As mentioned in LAM’s General Circular No.1/2018 (Submission of Renewal Registration Form Through Online), the Board will no longer send the Renewal Notice by post to all members.
For the purpose of renewing the annual registration, members are required to fill up the Renewal 2019 Form which can be downloaded from LAM’s website at http://www.lam.gov.my/index.php/forms.html . The completed forms later need to be scanned and attached with the payment slip and email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Members may also renew their membership by login through our online portal at http://portal.lam.gov.my/online_login.php . Currently only payment by credit card can be accepted through LAM’s portal.
Please be informed all existing IOWs who are currently under employment of any Architectural Consultancy Practice (ACP) are entitled to be registered with the Board of Architect .
Please be inform that the registration for Graduate Interior Designers is now open. Please download the form below to register.
Effective from the 1st November 2018, the Board required all registered members with LAM to submit Renewal Registration Form including the registration fees and the supporting documents to the Board via online by login into the Board’s website at www.lam.gov.my. The Board would like to remind all members that the renewal of registration should be submitted to the Board on/or before 31 December of the expiring year in which it is issued.
Please be inform that the registration for IOW and AT is now open. Please download the form below to register.
Please be informed that LAM has released the latest edition of our newsletter 'WARTA LAM 1/2018' for your information.
Summary. The article tells about the costs of all types of supplies of the British Navy personnel by supplying structures of the USSR People’s Commissariat of Navy. British seamen were in the Soviet Union in the harsh conditions of the Great Patriotic War.
This order form is provided in a secure environment and to help protect against fraud your current IP address (202.89.59.181) is being logged.
We have been developing and caring for New Zealand and Australian websites for more than 20 years! You can trust us to guide you and help you build your internet presence.
Photo Credit: Gabe GinsburgCelebrity chef Mario Batali helped two of his Las Vegas restaurants celebrate 10 years. Both B&B Ristorante at the Venetian and Otto Enoteca e Pizzeria at the Grand Canal Shoppes hit the decade milestone with two dinners last Friday night.
Afterward, the group moved to B&B Ristorante for a four-course meal showcasing a blend of dishes from when the restaurant opened and new spring additions.
Check out the Italian B&B Ristorante for dishes that appeal to all personalities, from the classic to the adventurous. Bastianich’s wine list showcases selections from every region in Italy, many of them available by the “quartino” (quarter-liter). In B&B Ristorante’s dining room, classical Old World charm meets the stylish appeal of the Las Vegas Strip.
Otto Enoteca e Pizzeria combines the vibe of an elegant Venetian enoteca with the energy of a crowded Italian train station. The menu features an ever-evolving menu of thin crust Roman-style pizzas, antipasti meats and cheeses, salads, pastas and main dishes. Pronounced oh-TOH, in Italian, Otto means “eight,” representing the restaurant’s original location on Eighth Street in New York. Enoteca is the term used in Italy for small, local or regional wine shops where guests may sample wines from area producers.
I didn’t want to go to Cyprus. But I was forced to)) Where would you go if someone asked you to choose between Vienna and Larnaca? I always go for seaside places, even though I wasn’t interested in swimming at all.
A 3-day escape can feel like a real holiday (one of those when after arrival back home you don’t know where you usually keep the dishes).
Always rely on locals, especially those who speak poor English. Indeed those are the real helpful people, who will save you in the most unexpected situations.
Don’t believe official reviews, trust your own experience and intuition (this is how I ended up staying in a hotel without a single review on booking or wherever, and it was the best hotel I’ve ever been to!)
So let’s see how much is too much, because how I felt was definitely too much in Cyprus (but in the very best meaning of this word).
One of the most amazing things I did when in Larnaca, and in fact, the reason why my day went so crazy!
When making my travel plan in a hurry (I found out about the trip a day before departure), I was sure I can cover all those villages by taxi – yes, expensive, but a good solution when you have limited time, no driving license and want to see it all.
However the taxi app I downloaded was hopeless, so I came back to my senses and checked the bus timetables. Which was nice – Choirokitia, the one I planned to visit first, had a direct bus connection with Larnaca, and the rest of them … I preferred to check afterwards, not to lose my positive attitude from the start.
I called Loulla a day before to agree about my arrival. Unfortunately, she doesn’t speak English, so she could only say: ‘Come to my house’. I checked the village – 600 inhabitants, won’t I find the famous woman cooking halloumi!
Getting out of the bus in the middle of nowhere – a few roadside restaurants, besides me only an afro guy left at this stop, the normal people continued their way to Limassol. I asked a butcher where should I go to reach the village itself, he showed and said up, to the mountains, along the roadway. So I decided I can manage to walk on a roadway for some ten minutes.
The road is over, the village is there, some houses but all dead, meaning empty, no one around. Then on my right side I see: ‘Nature Trail’ and stairs, and an ancient settlement up on the hills. So I could even believe that the halloumi lady is somewhere there in the ancient settlements)) I’m really living in Wonderland, I know. We climbed up the hill with Tavşan Surat, took some photos, and went back down. That’s a Neolithic site, worth visiting if you are a history lover.
From the top I notice a sign ‘Choirokitia 2km’, so calmed down Tavşan and we went ahead. And what was ahead? Some more houses, but still no sign of halloumi.
It was hot (noon in August in south Cyprus), so I gave up with this village and decided to go to the next one – Skarinou. On my way back we stopped at a corner bar/shop with some lively people to ask where is the bus stop which goes to Skarinou.
The super kind lady inside said it’s impossible, it’s the next village, but you can get there directly only by car… Me, desperate, persistent, asking with a half-live hope… maybe a taxi??? She went out to the terrace and when returned asked me to wait saying that the taxi will come in 10 min. Happy with the result, I didn’t want to think too much ahead or too much behind, but the lady asked what am I doing in Choirokitia  So I told her the story about looking for halloumi. She confirmed it’s here, but far away in the mountains, and suggested that the taxi which is coming would take me to Loulla, wait (she said it’s not more than 15 min) and take then to Skarinou  Am I not lucky? And they even explained him all this))
So Loulla. Finally there, she took us to the workshop where anari cheese (something like Italian ricotta) is sweating in hot brine. And then bags with halloumi thrown again to the brine and kept for an hour. And it’s ready! She explained (better to say showed) the microflora she’s using for fermentation, the press which she puts when the soft cheese is done. How she rolls it (that’s why halloumi has a tiny hole in the middle), and, finally, how is it kept – easy, in a 5l bottle with brine for a year without any refrigerator.
Since she didn’t take any money for the workshop, I wanted to contribute somehow. Despite having a long day of travelling ahead I said I want to buy a piece of halloumi. She let me to choose, packed it in a vacuum and gave it for free  No common language, no benefit for her (she didn’t know I would write here), just pure enthusiasm which you can find only in places not spoiled by tourists.
Bus Larnaca – Choirokitia – departs from Finnikoudes bus stop, next to the Finnikoudes beach. The schedule can be found here (that’s an online bus route planner, not a smart one, but helped me out a lot). Search for Finnikoudes (not Larnaca) and Chirokitia. It’s an intercity bus going to Limassol. The price is 4 EUR (whether you go to Chirokitia or Limassol), duration – approx. 30-40 min. It will drop you outside the village at some roadside restaurants, you’ll have to go under the bridge and continue up and right towards Chirokitia – around 10 min.
Loulla’s Halloumi workshop – there is no address to give you. Just stop at Chirokitia and ask locals, even without too much of English knowledge they’ll be able to explain you where to go. It’s actually up in the mountains, not too much of civilisation around.
Taxi from Chirokitia to Loulla’s workshop, waiting time and then the way to Skarinou Golden Donkey farm – 20 EUR. The contact tel. of the driver (he lives in that area, but doesn’t speak English, just really a bit) +357 99 676 460
Taxi from Larnaca to Khirokitia and other villages & cities in Cyprus – in fact, to order a taxi in Larnaca you have to go to a taxi kiosk, they offer trip around all the island and will give you a quote and make a reservation for you. I found this out only on my last day.
– feeling already very confident in my new vehicle, I told the driver that after Skarinou I would go to Vavla and maybe he could take me and give his number to call. He did (that’s why you have it above:)
The donkey farm is definitely a great place for children – hens, donkeys, horses, mules. For their parents – souvenir shop at the starting point where you can buy liquors and cosmetics from donkey milk, olive oil from the farm’s olives, soaps, magnets, bags, t-shirts etc. I entered saying that I want to see it all! So they gave me a ticket for the museum and one for the donkey ride.
The museum wasn’t something very special – demonstration of villagers’ life in the area, basket weaving, silversmithing, farming, olive mill, wine press and so on. Then you actually get to the donkeys (adorable animals) and ask a guy to take you for a ride. Which I did  It takes about 15 min, but a nice experience if you have never done it before. We had a chat with the guy taking care of animals, he told me about the Safari nights which they organize – the owner shows how to milk a donkey, they do riding all together, dance sertaki, eat & drink 
It was still early, so I went to drink some lemonade in the bar-restaurant they have there. I’ve noticed the owner – it was obvious it’s him. In the meantime I decided to call my driver, even though it was still early (I was booked at the next place for 5 pm), but what to do.
I had to wait for him for 30 min, spending my time in their souvenir shop. That’s when I met the owner, who tried to entertain me in my waiting time. Talking about plans & present, I was invited for the Safari night as his guest, so I really decided to finish now with the next village asap and come back.
Golden Donkey Farm, Skarinou – the entrance + donkey ride in the farm I paid 16 EUR. You can also purchase a certificate with your photo on a donkey, kinda donkey driving license. Besides that they always have some fun activities, like Safari Night, Dionysos Night, Gurmet Master Chef workshops – just call them at +357 996 20 736 and ask what’s going on!
So a day before my trip I contacted Ecophysis – a family business offering eco tours and educational programs with a focus on bee farming. They are located in Vavla village and would have a ‘Bee keeping day’ starting at 5 pm on that Saturday.
However, it was only 2 pm when I left the Golden Donkey Farm. I thought to come and finish there earlier, and still have time to return to Donkeys. But life always makes fun of my planning.
From the taxi I called Georgia (the owner of Ecophysis, along with her husband) and asked to give directions to my driver. Since it was too early, she told the driver to take me to another neighbour-village, let me walk around & eat, and then she would pick me up before the bee keeping activity. So bye-bye donkeys 
That’s how I’ve seen a village, which was more of a museum, than anything inhabited by humans. Especially in siesta hours (don’t know how they call it in Greek).
From the roadside restaurant where I’ve seen my driver for the last time, I found my way to the village itself. All doors and shutters closed, only sometimes you hear TV noise behind the walls – the only proof there are live people in this place.
Imagine walking on empty streets of a village, every single house of which is constructed around 300 years ago, and remained the same, without the air-conditioning adds-on, repainting, metal-plastic windows and so on. There is no new construction in Kato Drys.
So I really enjoyed walking and taking photos, there are some signs on the streets, which lead you to a church, or to a museum… And then was very suspicious to notice a Bee & Embroidery museum here, just before I’m going to have a bee keeping day. Maybe I can do it all here?…
– a quite interesting house covered with intense pink climbing flowers appeared in front of us. The door was open, the sign on it stating ‘We are open’, so I said to Tavşan Surat ‘Haydi Bakalim’ and we went.
I looked around and entered the house where some locals were spending the hottest hours of the year in a cool room at the table. Asked where am I and if I can look around  So a handsome Cypriot showed me the so called museum. I say so called, because, in fact, it’s not a typical museum, it’s one of the ancient houses in this village, where everything stayed in its original condition – household items, kitchen, bedroom, stove, zivania making press. Imagine a parrot cage hanging from the ceiling, which is not for birds, but against – so actually a ‘fridge’ where you keep the cheese and avoid birds steeling it 
A room was dedicated to beekeeping history in the region, and generally, throughout human history. He proved me that the symbiosis of people & bees is indeed beneficial for both parties. In nature bees consume all the honey they produce, they eat more and produce less, because their life is shorter and the conditions of survival are more difficult. Being a part of human husbandry they live longer, need less food, and produce more. People don’t take the honey bees produce as their own food, but they put another beehive on top of the first one (where they produce their food-honey), where bees store honey, when the first one is full. People only use the honey from the top beehive.
Then Michalis showed me a ‘new’ part of the house – the place where his grandparents used to live. Actually, all the museum is created because of his father’s addiction to aged things. And I understood this passion only after realizing the past of this family.
Women in this village were always (since long long years) making embroidery. But only for their own usage. One day there was a woman who lost her husband and stayed with children alone, without having any chance for income. Then a local school teacher asked why not trying to sell the embroidery she makes. Locals were sure that everyone all around the globe is making the same embroidery 
But the widow was desperate and she took a donkey, and went up to the mountains, where, surprisingly, she sold quite successfully to foreigners. So let’s say she was lucky that Cyprus was part of British Empire!
Villagers found out about it and started to sell embroidery massively – women were responsible for the handicraft, men were travelling abroad, selling the goods and taking orders.
That’s how money and new fashions reached the village – after long sailing trips they even started to design ornaments on walls imitating cabin windows.
I could compare myself the village life before and after this ‘merchant revolution’ – Michalis showed me two houses – some 20 years of difference between them, but your eyes will say it’s at least a hundred of years path from stone floor and walls to a very well-designed interior.
And what about Michalis’ family? His grandma prepared an embroidery present for Queen Elizabeth’s coronation, but the queen refused to accept it with an excuse that it’s not an official present from Cyprus island. In fact, the relationship was very tough because of the separatist movement, so Her Majesty just found a way to express her feelings, probably.
The new part of the house belonging to Michalis’ grandparents is full of embroidery and old photos, including the first lace merchant lady’s picture.
Besides that – a garden in bloom and fruits, a country house which they are renting out for tourists, and then a desert called ‘shoefig’ made out of cactus flowers.
Lunch in Kato Drys – restaurant Platanos – it is the place where Georgia from Ecophysis asked the driver to drop me and advised to have lunch. So after my adventures in the medieval village I returned to the roadside restaurant – a huge terrace under a more than a hundred years old Platan tree. I took a table, but since there was no one in a hurry to serve me I started to write notes about my day so far for sharing with you here on this page. I guess the restaurant manager/owner got panicked, he served me politely, asking twice what am I writing and then all the staff was passing by occasionally to ask if all is good  From now on I go dining with notepads!
The food wasn’t very good. Unfortunately the dolma (stuffed vine leaves, I don’t remember the Greek name) was old, you can detect it by the leaves – they are getting dark, full of holes, and thin after multiple heating. Additionally I ordered a Greek salad (which had no cheese for some reason) and grilled halloumi – which was dry and tough, so I’m not sure if it was grilled now or just warmed up.
Although I recommend you to go there– the place is lovely, green and with small lanterns hanging above you. It has a parking and obviously it’s comfortable to stop by when you are on your way to somewhere else. The food might be better on Sundays (I’ve read the choice is better on Sundays, than on Saturdays).
Platanos restaurant – it costed me 23 EUR for three very big meals – the stuffed vinegar leaves, halloumi and salad + water
– Georgia promised to pick me up from the restaurant at 4:30 pm. When I was about to call her, Kostas – her lovely husband entered the restaurant and took me to Vavla, to their eco business!
Besides me they had four other guests – all Greek-speaking. The couple showed us a movie about bees, one of them was always translating for me, did a honey tasting & let us try the creams made of honey.
After that we put on the beekeepers’ protective suits and went towards the beehives – they have 4 beehives for demonstrations.
It’s just next to the house where the initial presentation is done. They of course have much more beehives in a different location for the honey production Ecophysis does.
Their honey is great! I received a small jar as a present from Georgia & Kostas – it was 120 ml, but to feel covered during the airport security check, I asked them for a ‘best before sticker’ to hide the 120 ml marking. Criminal. I know. But the honey was worth it!
Our hosts explained that we shouldn’t stay directly in front of them (it might cause aggression from the bees’ side), they took out the frames one by one, showed how they store honey and lay eggs, and we even found the Queen.
Smoking in the bees is not anything they suffer a lot from. On the other hand, it was a pleasure seeing that the owners take care of every single bee, carefully closing the beehive, paying attention not to smash a tiny creature.
Beekeeping suits are important only in case you are allergic, and an accidentally gone crazy bee can cause major health issues for you. Other than that, there was no bee even touching my cloths.
When we proved ourselves as beekeepers the chill part began– Georgia and Kostas served lemonades, coffee, cheese, honey, toasts. Unfortunately, I had to miss this (I only managed to buy some creams and received a jar of honey as a gift), as I was in a hurry to catch the bus back home, to Larnaca. I always call hotels home, I feel so cozy there 
Georgia took me to the station in Khirokitia and just when the car stopped a bus arrived – it was not mine, but the one going to Limassol, so we kept staying for a while.
More than half an hour passed, the bus is not coming, I’m worried we missed it and really eager to call a cab. Instead of it Georgia called the bus company and they ensured that the bus is on its way.
Indeed in 5 min it arrived, but just as in Spain, if it’s full, he won’t let you in. Georgia really did her best, asking him to let ‘just a wee little girl’ L He said another bus is coming because he left a lot of people on his way… I told my kind host that it’s already late she should go home, but also asked to call the bus company again to check if there is really a bus coming. She did, they confirmed, she left. I stayed alone with a guy who’s waiting for his bus to Nicosia for more than an hour already. I waited for half an hour under the dark Cypriot sky and then magic happened.
A taxi driver stopped just near me and went upstairs to the restaurant – I looked at him like a hungry lion seen a gazelle. Please understand me – the taxi app is not working here, I already knew that. The taxi driver I got daytime was a courtesy from the Khirokitia villagers. Now at night, alone with a rabbit in my bag, no civilization (don’t count that restaurant behind – I didn’t know what to expect, and if they understand English enough to call me a cab), and a taxi, like an angel stops next to me.
I decided if the bus doesn’t come before he returns from the restaurant, I’ll ask him to take me to Larnaca. And of course the bus didn’t come)) In order to get a quote for me he had to call the office and was very straightforward in saying that he doesn’t know Larnaca and if I don’t know the place we don’t go anywhere))
That’s how I arrived back home on my first day, and to finish it appropriately, I got stuck on the emergency exit’s stairs of my hotel  Yes, I wanted to go and check out the jacuzzi upstairs, but really wanted to go by foot, not elevator. So I’ve chosen the wrong stairs – the ones you can enter from inside, but can’t get into the hotel once you are out. I hoped to get to the jacuzzi and find a secret door leading to the elevator – so I was lucky again and didn’t have to call the reception asking ‘Let me in, pleeeeease!’
Ecophysis beekeeping day – the cost depends on the quantity of participants and on the activity. For example, they also do tracking days, they pick up mushrooms, learn about plants etc. We were 5 people and payed 40 EUR/person
The night before (that hard day’s night!) I decided that I’ll go to Lefkara only if there is a direct connection – bus, easily catchable taxi, whatever. I asked my favourite receptionist in the hotel and he showed me on the map where to find a bus station which has direct connections. Hardly, but I found it and when asking the lovely Greek moustached man in the ticket office about the desired bus line, he said: ‘Run! This is it! Be quick!’. So I jumped in the bus and told I need a ticket to Pano Lefkara, the driver looked a bit confused, but who cares – we are on our way to a new adventure, tavşan & me!
Being a smart blond I knew it won’t be easy to detect the needed stop without a preparation, so I was regularly checking google maps to see where we are and how much left to Lefkara.
But it can’t be that smooth in my life, can it?! We arrived to Kofinou (I knew it’s the place where you have to change in order to get to smaller villages), the bus driver looked at me and said ‘Lefkara’, so I understood it’s time to get out and find another bus…
I hopped on a microbus and was the only passenger in it. Tried to pay, but the driver explained that ‘there is no ticket in this bus’. Later on I realised these microbuses were really free of charge, connecting villages and financed by the government.
By the way, talking about Kofinou. It’s an important point not only because the majority of busses to tiny villages start there, but also because there is a large refugee camp with refugees from Africa and the Middle East. I didn’t know it back then, when passing the village, otherwise I guess I would try to get in to see it. If you are interested, I found an article which really makes you feel like been there.
I didn’t really know where to go in Lefkara, meaning that I knew there is a loukkoumi factory, a silversmith workshop, embroidery, a handicraft center, but I couldn’t find any direction or address. In this kind of situations, I need a break – a lemonade, shadow and sitting time to search the web.
We went to a great place – a terrace with ripening grape bunches above our heads, they have lemonade & smiley staff. Still I couldn’t find any information online, so I asked at the counter if they know the loukkoumi place, and, luckily, it was just 50 m ahead of us 
Bus Larnaca – Kofinou – departs from the Central Bus Station which comes after the Marina (it’s not the Finkoudes stop!). Price – 1,5 EUR/person, schedule can be found here, as well as other bus options.
Kofinou – Pano Lefkara – free of charge, departs exactly where the previous bus leaves you and arrives to the center of Lefkara. Schedule can be found here.
So I was lucky to find another great place – the loukkoumi factory is a family business founded in 1895 and still remains within the Kramvidis family. I met the current owner, unfortunately it was Sunday and there was no production in progress, but I’ve seen the machines and bought some award-winning loukkoumi from him. Come there during the week and see how is the Cypriot delight produced live!
We continued our way – Lefkara is a picturesque place for a couple of hours of walk, until you discover and shoot every blooming corner of it. By chance I see a silversmith workshop on the corner. The owner – name of silversmith – did a very skilled marketing job – in front of the workshop & shop you can see written: ‘One of the last famous workshops. Free to take photos. Free engraving. You can order things in silver. Workshop prices.’ Don’t you feel good once you know that it’s free to take photos, and you don’t have to get embarrassed by secretly shooting someone’s silvesmithing tools?
The owner – Michalakis – is a very welcoming man. I had enough time for photos whilst he was busy with some customers, after which, of course, I continued to the shop (second part of the house), because there is no girl who’d ignore those shinny decorations  And then of course he came to me offering discounts, and I actually would buy even without them – the most glowing silver I’ve ever seen!
Michalakis told me that it’s their family business – he and his son are working with silver, his wife, Nina, is making embroidery (I also met her), and his daughter-in-law is also a needlewoman, I guess. I’m always happy to meet families which are creating business for generations and doing it all together, as it should be within a family. So I was more than happy to spot this workshop.
Michalakis Christou has 40 years of silversmith experience. After walking all along Lefkara I realised that he has the right to say this being the last real silversmith workshop – the others around are only selling or reselling silver.
Staying on a street next to those numerous embroidery shops and checking the center’s brochure the silversmith family gave me, a woman with lace in her hands asked if I need some help. I asked about the place, but she answered that it’s far away, outside the village, I can go there only by car, and, by the way, why do I need to go there if she can show it all herself, in her shop  Am I a fish to get caught on this obvious hook?! Politely I left, promising to come back & shop before my bus.
I walked a lot in Lefkara, and very satisfied because the biggest part of my Cypriot portfolio was taken there. In the end, I’ve seen a sign ‘Lefkara handicraft center’ and followed it – Voilà!, and it’s just next street to the shop where I was tried to be convinced it’s been far away…
The center is a very nice place where no one is trying to sell you anything  It consists of showrooms with separate entrances each belonging to a craftsman – some have paintings, some – sculptures, others – embroidery and so on. You can’t buy anything and you won’t meet there shop-assistants, just two ladies observing you behave  But you can take business cards of the craftsmen and order. The place where I actually felt sorry they don’t sell lace, because I really liked their collection (anyways, I have nowhere to put it at home)
Loukkoumi factory – watching & tasting is free, and you can also buy 3 packs of loukkoumi for a bargain price of 5 EUR
Michalakis Christou Silverwear & Lefkara Lace – you can buy ready or order custom-made silverwearm as well as handmade lace.
It was around 2 pm, the bus is at 3:30, and everything in the village is very close of course, so I don’t have to go towards the station well in advance. I’ve seen everything in Lefkara (never used to say that about places), besides of course sites which are outside the village and can be reached only by car. By the way, an interesting activity in Lefkara if you have some spare hours – a walking trail from Lefkara to Kato Drys. The walk is approx. 1 hour, low difficulty, the views are promised to be spectacular! Here you have the map 
In the remaining time I decided to have lunch and found the entrance which said something about being a restaurant with a garden. In fact, it was just another entrance to the terrace I’ve been to in the beginning of my trip in Lefkara – so the terrace with juicy grapes hanging above the heads of customers.
A had a club sandwich which came with a big portion of chips (which I never eat). Their lemonade is very good, and if I came again I would definitely go for a carrot cake from their menu!
We returned back with the same bus drivers, both Lefkara and Kofinou buses, and they were so friendly like if we know each other for years
So back in Larnaca around 4:30 pm, cooling down in the hotel, I tried to decide what to do the rest of the day. Sorry, I was tired, couldn’t find anything better than laying on a sunbed on the Castila beach. Taking into account that I came there around 6, they didn’t take money for the sunbed, so if you are an evening sealover just like me, keep this in mind 
Late at night I had dinner in one of the top restaurants in Larnaca. Firstly, I had in mind To Kazani Traditional Tavern – the #1 in tripadvisor, however, they are closed on Sundays L Out of the remaining ones I was attracted only by Souvlaki.gr – it’s a Greek fast-foodish tavern. Imagine, coming there I saw three similar taverns, out of three – Souvlaki.gr is full without any table available, the other two are completely empty. The staff is very welcoming and responsive, the food is very well prepared and the prices are hard to believe – I had a Greek salad, souvlaki, grilled halloumi and water, all this costed less than 10 EUR. The most expensive part was Perrier (I would do cheaper drinking wine).
Another restaurant I paid attention to was Militzis Tavern – overlooking the beach, with a very traditional Greek design and blue palette, it felt like they not only look local, but also taste! Once you go there, please let me know if I was right 
Wake up early and check all the beaches – by checking I mean swim at each of them, evaluate the facilities and sandiness, take photos
Go for a city tour and find something interesting in a place which completely transformed into a tourist base
Before the trip I really wanted to have a gastro tour this day, combining eating and discovering Larnaca, but the organizing company rejected my request, because they can do it for at least two people, rabbits don’t count!
They all have very shallow sea – good for children, and actually not a problem to swim a bit away to get deeper – and as I understood, all the coastline around Larnaca region is shallow.
Not the most beautiful surroundings – road behind it, ships, oil depots, hotels and even planes landing just behind Mackenzie beach (why did I pay 20 EUR for a taxi if I could just go along the beach ?)
The boat trips are starting from the Larnaca Marina, just behind Finnikoudes. I didn’t find them too exciting to join, very typical trips offered at every seaside resort – fishing & dining on board, boat trip to Agia Napa, shipwreck watching from glass bottom boat etc.
Finnikoudes beach – the central beach, named after the palm trees. It’s very large and has all the facilities (one of the Blue Flag beaches in the town), suitable for families with children, it has a playground, a volleyball net, and a bus stop behind taking you to nice places as Paphos, Limassol, Nicosia, and my small villages in between 
Flamingo beach – usually not marked as a separate beach, but you can find it on maps. It’s not nice as a beach place at all, but that’s where you should go if you are in to paddle board surfing, beach tennis, surfing, diving etc.
Kastela beach – comes afterwards, my favourite one. I liked the sunbeds, the service and the beach bar. Comes just 1km after the castle, it has a parking, and all the facilities, marked as Blue Flag beach.
Mackenzie beach – the most developed place in terms of beach clubs, restaurants, taverns. If I wasn’t with Tavşan Surat , but with a handsome tanned guy, I would go for one of their beach clubs with lovely sunbeds & cocktails. Mackenzie is a place where you can meet the sunset and wait for the sunrise, some of the beach clubs don’t close until the very morning.
The most complete beach-review I found here, besides that, they also mention the hotels located at every particular beach.
I wouldn’t recommend going to Larnaca for a beach holiday, maybe I’m too demanding, but I really don’t enjoy staying on a beach and seeing oil depots. And the water (obvious, isn’t it?) is not as clear as it could be. If you go a bit north, you’ll end up sharing your beach with cargo ships and factories.
In case you are already there, go at least 8 km from Larnaca to the north – to the Oroklini area with Yannathes beach and Orkolini village restored to its original style in blue with some local tavernas.
Another option is in the south – Kiti village, another traditional place with folk festivals going on all summer long and a less crowded and more natural beach.
I was done with the beaches, and I was so desperate about Larnaca having nothing authentic, that I downgraded to a simple tourist – I went to the tourist office to ask for help.
They weren’t very kind & helpful though (and I didn’t expect the worse customer service in Cyprus in a Cyprus Tourist Information office). I asked where can I go from Larnaca to return back by 5 pm. First of all, she became angry: ‘So you don’t want to see Larnaca, you are not interested in it!’, then she kept giving me the bus timetable, saying that I can go everywhere – Nicosia, Paphos etc. Every time I was pointing out I have to return by 5, she insisted on going everywhere, but pointed out that it’s all about how much time do I need to look around once I’m there :)))
So I got the Larnaca city walking map, which was actually zero, nothing worth. I wouldn’t recommend going to the CTO in Larnaca – you’ll waste your time for getting a walking map. In fact, better ask at your hotel reception – you might receive more valuable information.
Until a point I tried to follow the map – I wanted to prove I’m wrong and these tourist info-points are helpful. But no, impossible. You’ll die of boredom having this kind of city-walk.
After I gave up following the map I went to the mosque – they give ropes you have to wear. A very nice place indeed. With taps and benches for cleaning yourself, shadow, drinking water – I really enjoyed.
There were three men inside – two were praying, one – whatsapping))) I felt I can go wherever I want and none of them wouldn’t even pay attention at me, I felt completely safe and in peace there.
Next doors was the Larnaca castle – a fort which used to be a prison and an old time police station where people sentenced to death were executed by hanging. Not the best atmosphere actually. The good thing about the fort is that they have some old pine trees in the garden with chairs underneath – it’s a popular place for summer concerts, so I enjoyed staying for half an hour in the shadow. It was priceless on a hot Cypriot day in August!
The map indicated the Turkish quarter been close, they call it handicraft quarter. So I got excited and prepared to see authenticity. Well, there are no Turkish guys hanging there around, only the street names are very Ottoman-style. And there are only three pottery workshops I knew about, out of which I spotted two:
Efthymios Symeou Ceramic Artist– a very nice workshop with, I would say, exclusive products, the pottery really look unique. Well, I came around lunch time and the owner was about to leave, I really wanted to come back at 4, but another pottery workshop took me over!
Emira Pottery – I received a very warm welcome, from both the son and the father. I was almost leaving when the guy turned my attention back by offering me to see the workshop/production area. I saw the stove, a hundred of shelves filled with various pottery, the potter’s wheel, and then, when I was ready to buy it all, the guy said that I can try to create a piece of art on my own! Of course she said yeeaah 
The class was at 4 pm when his father arrived. And, just to remind, my taxi to the airport was scheduled for 7. Normally people leave their pottery creations for a week in the workshop, during this time it dries and gets baked under 1000 C for 9 hours! Me – as always – no time, let me take it raw))) So they asked me to leave my jar for at least 2h.
To sum up, it was a great experience – I did it all on my own, even though having zero talent to handicraft (my teacher didn’t comment and was very polite about my skills). Then I took this raw jar, packed into my suitcase, passed the security control which checked every inch of my bag, and my pottery creation kept its perfect shape despite it all!
It was really hard to book a stay for the weekend in Cyprus: August, you are in Thursday, arriving on Friday, 98 % of the properties booked… Either I take something disgusting, or something suspicious with negative reviews, or something too expensive for a girl and a Tavşan … or a real miracle! That’s what I’ve chosen 
– a suspiciously good looking place for a price of 90 EUR/night in Cyprus , in August. But I risked, and won!
Even the correspondence with the manager was on highest level – the free shuttle they offer wasn’t available at late hours of my arrival, so they ordered me a taxi, and the price wasn’t higher than the official rate:
I entered the hotel and felt in wonderland – so new, so well-kept, perfect colour range, and service! The receptionist like an angel in the entrance to the heaven, I never felt that welcomed in any hotel.
Even though I was tired, I had to take photos of the room – it’s designed in a very eco-smart style. The mirror transforms to a TV, the lights are managed by a touchscreen.
It was a single-room, but a very spacious bed and room in general. I had a kettle with a couple of cups, some tea-begs and instant coffee – well, this is the most important for me, a midnight tea drinker. Even in hotels with room service, I sometimes get embarrassed of ordering two cups of tea (both for me) at night, and nothing else. What can I do sometimes, I avoid eating sweets in those late hours, and tea actually has nothing to do with any kind of food for me.
Besides that I was recommended to visit the open-air jacuzzi on the rooftop. Which I haven’t had time to try, but it looks great! And clean (which is crucial).
On the next day after arrival I was stroke down by the breakfast. A beautiful lobby full of light, wooden furnishings & traditional blue elements, very ‘zen’ music, and last but not least a buffet full of delicacies! Can I wish for more? Yes! Little glass bottles with freshly squeezed orange juice and a waiter coming to my table asking if they can prepare me eggs and some coffee… My mornings were never that peaceful and light!
The location is also great – 5 min to the sea and you are actually located in the center, talking about shops and going out.
So why didn’t they have any glorifying reviews? Because they opened just on the day of my arrival and I was one of the first customers)) So they were trying their hospitality skills on me and the task was completed with excellent results! Well, nowadays they already have their 10 out of 10 at booking.com 
P.S. Remember the plugs in Cyprus are British Standard. So either take an adaptor with you, or ask at the reception (or buy at any store nearby – which I did!)
We have found a more accurate shipping address based on the information you have provided. Do you want to use the following Shipping Address?
managing projects and processes successfully participant workbook creating remarkable leaders ebook GET
chicken soup for the soul think positive 30 inspirational stories about words that changed lives health challenges and making every day special ebook GET
international financial management mcgraw hillirwin series in finance insurance and real estate ebook GET
patently contestable electrical technologies and inventor identities on trial in britain inside technology by arapostathis stathis gooday graeme 2013 hardcover ebook GET
real sex photos for uncensored adult photo book sexy and erotic photography erotic pornography book 4 ebook GET
advances in thermofluids selected peer reviewed papers from the 5th international meeting on advances of thermofluids 5th imat november 12 13 indones applied mechanics and materials ebook GET
wilderness survival living off the land with the clothes on your back and the knife on your belt ebook GET
state market interactions in chinas reform era local state competition and global market building in the tobacco industry routledge contemporary china series ebook GET
building the p51 mustang the story of manufacturing north americans legendary wwii fighter in original photos ebook GET
August 13th, come celebrate the hottest days of summer at Glass Axis! We have opportunities to make your very own mini glass hot dog for $69.00. Hot dog glass making will begin at 12pm with classes running through 3pm. Reservations recommended. Don’t miss this great opportunity to create memories that will last past the heat wave, plus proceeds go towards our non-profit, benefiting community artists. We look forward to seeing you there!
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails Glass Axis, 610 W. Town St., Columbus, OH, 43215, http://www.glassaxis.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
If heat index passes 130 degrees in the studio Glass Axis may cancel classes and reschedule. Students will be notified by phone and/or email.
In case of Level 2 or Level 3 Snow Emergencies, Glass Axis will be closed and ALL classes cancelled and rescheduled. Students will be notified by phone and/or email.
We make it a point at Glass axis to accommodate any and everyone interested in our world of glass art. For this reason, Glass Axis is designed and modified for accessibility. Our expansive parking lot is open to the public, free of charge and leads directly to both ramp and ground wide-framed entrances.
Please Contact us with further concerns or requests regarding individual assistance. Much obliged to your comfort and safety, these will be dealt with timely and to the best of our abilities.
Located in East Franklinton on the corner of Town St and Grubb and just east of 315. Parking is West of the building off Grubb St. near the main entrance. Our street and mailing address is 610 W. Town St. Columbus, OH 43215
For GPS directions, use the address 156 S. Grubb St. Columbus, OH 43215. It will navigate you around the one way streets to our parking lot entrance.
Wet Look WB is a durable water based sealer designed to give the surface that deepened “Wet Look” appearance.
It is a clear acrylic finish designed to protect and beautify slate, concrete, flagstone, quarry tile and other masonry surfaces. It can be used indoors and outdoors and is UV resistant. It is LEED eligible.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION Glaze ’N Seal “Wet Look WB” is an environmentally superior low VOC water-based sealer. It is especially formulated to give the surface that glossy, “Wet Look” appearance. It may be used indoors or outdoors and is extremely easy to apply and maintain. “Wet Look” WB is a quick drying, non-yellowing formula that protects against organic stains, including cooking oil and grease.
USES “Wet Look WB” protects and beautifies all concrete and decorative concrete surfaces, exposed aggregate, pavers, natural stone and porous tile. It is ideal for driveways, patios and interior floors. For interior application, use Glaze ’N Seal Acrylic Floor Polish for an added durable abrasion resistance to foot traffic and to extend the life of the sealer.
FEATURES • Glossy “Wet Look” appearance • Easy to apply • Meets all VOC regulations • Never yellows • Repels oil and grease stains • Eligible for LEED points • Non-flammable • Blush resistant • Breathable. Cleans up with water • Re-coatable
APPLICATION Important Note: Always Test a small area of the surface to be sealed to verify penetration and satisfaction of sealed appearance.
Do not shake container. Apply two or more coats of sealer (do not allow it to puddle). Make sure each coat is dry to the touch before applying second coat; usually one to three hours. Allow additional drying time in moist climates. Sealer can be applied with brush, lamb’s wool applicator or spray equipment, dependent on the porosity and texture of the surface. Apply between 55º and 80ºF. Allow 72-hours curing time against heavy moisture and bulk water. Do not allow to freeze and avoid heavy usage for up to 72-hours. Sealer will continue to gain strength for up to one week.
Maintenance: Sweep and mop floor regularly. For added abrasion and wear protection and to extend the life of the sealer on interior floors, use Glaze ’N Seal Floor Polish (high-gloss or matte) as a traffic coat.
Packaging: Glaze ’N Seal “Wet Look” WB Sealer is packaged in quarts, gallons, 5-gallon pails and 55-gallon drums.
3rd row seats: split-bench, Automatic Emergency Braking, Dynamic Bending Light, Electronic Parking Brake, High Beam Assist, High-Intensity Discharge Headlamps, Limited Ultimate Tech Package 04, Navigation System, Option Group 04, Power moonroof, Smart Cruise Control. Factory MSRP: $43,240 2018 Hyundai Santa Fe 4D Sport Utility Automatic Limited Ultimate FWD Pearlwww.glendorahyundai.com , Excellent selection of New and Used vehicles, Financing Options, serving Glendora, San Dimas, Pomona, Covina, West Covina, Rancho Cucamonga, Ontario, Azusa, Monrovia, Montclair, and the greater Los Angeles Area! Price is after all Rebates and incentives, Price does not include License, Title, Fees, Taxes. Customer may qualify for additional savings, OAC, see dealer for details. $4,000 - Retail Bonus Cash. Exp. 12/03/2018
Model -- All -- Accent Elantra Elantra GT Ioniq EV Ioniq Hybrid Ioniq Plug-in Hybrid Kona Santa Fe Santa Fe Sport Santa Fe XL Sonata Tucson Veloster
Glendora Hyundai takes your privacy seriously and does not rent or sell your personal information to third parties without your consent. Read our privacy policy.
Robyn Morgan leftPrahran a decade ago in search of suburban serenity. Like others escaping the inner city, she wanted more: more time away from traffic congestion, more educational choice for her children, more peace of mind when she walked down the street.She didn’t have to travel far. About 20 minutes south-east, the electorate of Bentleigh was the quintessential family dream: spacious houses on leafy streets. Decent roads and transport options. One of the most sought-after public schools in Melbourne.
Lately, though, the winds of change have accelerated at an uncomfortable pace. State government planning reforms have paved the way for higher-density development in prized areas near shopping strips and public transport. Once sleepy streets are being earmarked for large-scale apartments. And the very blessings that draw people to the area in the first place – good amenities, quiet neighbourhoods – are suddenly in danger of becoming a curse for the locals who want to preserve what they have.
For residents like Mrs Morgan – whose street in McKinnon recently came under threat of an “inappropriate” three-storey apartment proposal – planning has become such a sensitive issue it will determine her vote at next month’s state election.
“We moved here from Prahran to get away from high-density development and traffic congestion, and we specifically bought in this area to be as close as we possibly could to McKinnon Secondary, to put our kids into that school,” says the self-described swinging voter.
“But what’s happening will completely change the demographic and the whole amenity of this area. So in terms of political choice next month, I definitely won’t be voting Liberal.”
It’s an ominous sign for the Napthine government, which came to power only four years ago riding on a similar wave of discontent against Labor in this very seat – only then, the flashpoint issue was overcrowding on the Frankston train line.
At the 2010 state election, Bentleigh was the last Labor-held electorate to fall, giving Ted Baillieu the 13 seats he needed to win government. So tight was the contest that only 522 votes separated incumbent MP Rob Hudson and Liberal counterpart Elizabeth Miller, a former nurse who emerged from relative obscurity to swing the election in the Coalition’s favour.
Fast forward to present day and the government has spent much of its first term lurching from one political headache to the next, making the task of holding on to sandbelt seats like Bentleigh even tougher.
What also makes this contest unpredictable is the area’s volatility. Taking in suburbs such as McKinnon, Moorabin and Hampton east, Bentleigh is a mix of the old and the new: ageing residents who have lived there for decades; aspirational young families who can afford the average house price ($925,000 for three bedrooms); a multicultural melting pot where 45 per cent of locals have parents who were born overseas.
But the seat has changed hands repeatedly over the past 50 years, with voters tending to switch their allegiance based on policy or personality, rather than stick with the same party for the sake of tradition. Come November 29, the government needs an anti-Liberal swing of only 0.9 per cent for the electorate to switch, yet again.
Miller’s main challenger, Nick Staikos, is your quintessential politician who’s worked his way from the ground up: a Labor member since he was 16; Glen Eira’s youngest councillor at 19; a staffer to former federal MP Simon Crean; and a life patron of the local senior citizens club, which has about 500 members.
“There are a lot of things we need to get done for our community – rebuilding our schools, removing level crossings, ensuring that our significant senior citizen community is looked after,” says the ambitious 28-year-old.
Miller, on the other hand, joined the Liberals only in 2006 and has cut a fairly elusive figure on Spring Street ever since. She’s softly spoken and has a tendency to avoid the media, but those who know her will tell you she’s fiercely committed when it comes to her electorate.
When Melbourne was hit with flash floods in 2011, resulting in extensive damage to streets in McKinnon and Ormond, the newly elected Miller doorknocked every house on Cadby Avenue and Station Avenue to ensure residents had appropriate food, shelter and heating. Drain pipes were eventually installed with her assistance, and months later, when severe rains hit the area again, she spent hours driving up and down the streets to make sure water was draining properly.
In a rare interview at Parliament last week, Miller, 47, admitted the battle for Bentleigh would be tight, but believed people would vote on her record as an “active, hands-on, grassroots member”.
“I’m living and breathing my community, and overall, they undoubtedly have confidence in this government,” she says.
Still, there are plenty of factors that could prove her wrong. Like many other electorates, Bentleigh is growing – but with that comes growing pains.
McKinnon Secondary College, for instance, now has 1850 students – and countless others are trying to enrol – which can put a strain on facilities and space without additional resources, says principal Pitsa Binnion. She welcomes both parties promising $9 million for building upgrades (Labor committed in March; the Coalition last Monday) but admits the popularity of her school has led to other challenges in the area.
“The problem is there’s such growth in the area and the demand is so high it creates other issues like traffic and buildings going up everywhere,” she says. “What are we to do?”
Others are asking the same question. On Tuesday, it was standing room only at the Glen Eira council as nine planning applications were debated. One of them was the three-storey proposal for Penang Street, where the Morgan family live, which was ultimately rejected – although it is not yet known whether the developer will challenge at VCAT. Other residents, like Greg Wilkinson – who lives in Loranne Street where a four-storey apartment block was approved – weren’t as lucky.
“I’m not against change, but I am against intense change,” say Wilkinson, who voted for Miller at the last election but insists he won’t do so again on the back of the government’s planning reforms.
And what about transport, the critical issue that became emblematic of Labor’s inability to manage population growth in 2010? About 191 weekly services have been added on the Frankston line since then, resulting in punctuality averaging 90.2 per cent over the last 12 months – up from 70.9 per cent over Labor’s last year in office.
But Public Transport Users Association spokesman Daniel Bowen, who also happens to live in the electorate, says that while there have no doubt been improvements in punctuality, cancellations remain an issue, while the government’s own figures show cancellation rates on the Frankston line worsened slightly in the 12 months to September.
The good news is, with only six weeks until the election, critical issues such as planning, education and transport will remain in the spotlight. Labor has already pledged to remove the Centre Road level crossing; both major parties have promised upgrades to schools in McKinnon and Bentleigh; and both also have grand new plans to bolster jobs.
As for voters like Robyn Morgan and her neighbours? They simply want whoever wins in November to stand up for the community when it comes to neighbourhood change. “We’re not against new development, but it just has to be appropriately sited,” she says.
Read more: http://www.theage.com.au/victoria/victoria-state-election-2014/unrest-over-living-space-the-key-in-battle-for-bentleigh-20141018-1180qf.html#ixzz3GYY0Cjsy
Staikos forgot to tell the reporter that he is also a lifetime appointee to the Caulfield Race and Recreation Reserve Trust. Probably likes to keep this perk quiet. He would have had a fine day at the Cup yesterday. The MRC value his input as he usually supports their needs
We are committed to facilitating genuine debate within Glen Eira. Your views on planning, environment, open space, CEO and councillor performance matter.
Posted by gleneira under Councillor Performance, GE Governance, GE Open Space, GE Planning, GE Service Performance
The lack of public open space in Glen Eira has been known for decades. It was acknowledged in 1987, again in the open space strategy of the nineties and once more in 2013. Residents were lead to believe in the 1996 strategy that 50% of revenue raised would be used to purchase NEW open space. In 2013/14 ratepayers were promised even more (via council resolutions) – ie that all monies raised from the levy would be put towards the purchase of NEW open space and not used for ‘development’ of existing open space. Thus twice residents have been dudded and promises literally thrown out the window.
Council’s record on dealing with this issue is appalling. Monies have been frittered away on lawyers, pavilion developments that come in double the original monetary proposals, always late, and inevitably turn parks into more concrete and parking at more expense. Even when council had the opportunity to purchase land they removed the public acquisition overlay on Magnolia Road Gardenvale only to re-impose it 8 years later and pay the then current market price! Their largesse to the MRC has thus far garnered a paltry $575,000 for 463 units on over a hectare of land which at today’s prices will not even buy half a suburban block!
The result? Instead of increasing public open space through proper planning and budgeting, residents are now bequeathed less public open space per individual given the population increase. To add insult to injury there is now the Request for a Report to consider whether council should be seeking a higher levy when objectors argued this point years ago. When other councils can exact levies of 8% and even more for some of their areas, this council has always been unwilling to impose anything that may be seen as an impediment to more and more development. Present and future residents are ultimately paying the cost for such generosity.
When you put all your eggs into the one basket of gesac there’s no money left over for anything except lawyers and more staff and monuments to some people’s egos.
Heard it all before. The only thing that happens is a Council Election. The day after the elections (ie. 23/10/2016) this will be filed away in the “Do not open till the 2020 Council Election” folder.
And the next 4 years will see zero Council purchases of Open Space. But looking on the bright side, we will see a coffee shop (and carpark) where the historic Caulfield Park Conservatory once stood and loads more concrete plinths and paving, pavilions rebuilt and car parks enlarged in existing parkland. Any dollars left over will be directed to the resurfacing sports grounds and re doing the Jersey Parade forecourt.
but you forget the sportsgrounds in the racecourse. Notice MRC is spending lots of money building country fence style railings that tower over the green fence in Queens Avenue
OK, I accept that it is difficult to plan to purchase additional open space when you have no idea when you have no idea when on opportunity to purchase open space will become available.
That’s why Council has reserves and that’s why Council voted to hold all open space levy revenue (paid by developers) in reserve to acquire and rehabilitate new open space some several years ago.
So I’m wondering why no mention of the current value of reserve (gotta be about $5m) so that Council can take advantage of unexpected opportunities.
Cr Delahunty when supporting the “new” open space strategy argued that Council should only be judged at the end of 15 years. The implication was that we shouldn’t expect any progress towards goals in the interim. It’s all very similar to the 1998 strategy that was such a failure. Outlined the problem that open space was not well-distributed but then made the problem worse. Carnegie activity centre used to have some pleasant public open space, but that was bulldozed and concreted and asphalted over. The areas that Council are targetting for high-density housing are the areas most in need of close convenient safe public open space to compensate for lack of private open space.
We went to the Dr. this week and were told that the paperwork has been submitted for compassionate use of the CDX-110 drug. Once it has been approved by the legal department at Northside Hospital it will then be sent to Celldex, the makers of the drug, for approval. Then the clinical trial coordinator at Atlanta Cancer Care will draft a unique protocol specifically for me to be sent to the FDA for final approval. All of this could take 6 more weeks to get approved before I get the medicine.
We have been on the ketogenic diet for one month and it is still going well. I learned from my dietician yesterday that I’ve been in ketosis for 3 weeks time! I will now take the following supplements to increase my energy level: Vitamin D, Calcium and a Multivitamin.
My physical therapist paid me another visit this week and I’m learning more exercises to increase my strength, gait, mobility and transfers.
You have many things in place with a lot of work to do to catch up to your fighting spirit. Who knows how far ahead you’ll be when they get there to help! I pray constantly for you and all your family. xxxooo
Keep up the hard work. Sounds like your positive attitude is helping. Tons of people you know and don’t know are continuing to pray for you. Luv-e-bug
Hello Ken, my brother (52 yrs old) who was diagnosed on April 21st with GMB. They could not operate because of the location. He started Temodar and radiation 11 days ago. Waiting for a positive test for the vaccine. He went to the ER after three days of hiccups and whole world has changed in just one month. He can’t walk without assistant and has lost use of his right side. I sat and read your total blog and archives in one sitting. Thank you for letting us know what to expect and you have given us a greater understanding and appreciation for life in general. And to your wife Tina, you guys are true angels. I know your family and friends are blessed just to know you and have you two as a part of their lives. So as we celebrate LIFE with you, be encourged as you have encouraged/helped so many others. Again thank you.
Pretty “tortie” kitty in the window pic. She looks like our “Little Missy.” Sounds like the ketogenic diet is working to better your health. Great! (Though I now understand it’s complex.) Multivitamin therapy is good, but choose wisely. Mercola.com offers a “whole foods” supplement containing natural folate, not the artificial folic acid crap found in most OTC vitamins and added to processed foods. Huge difference between the two. Natural folate is available as a capsule. Also consider adding natural B12. No iron or copper. (Excuse the lecture. Rusty would be rolling his eyes at me about now.) 😉
Your thoughts, well-wishes, encouragement and positive vibes are a big help. Financial donations to my fight are welcome as well. Please visit my Donate page for an explanation of how and why donations are helpful.
Sign up to bring us a meal via Meal TrainMEALTRAIN WAS A VERY HELPFUL RESOURCE FOR US BUT NOW IT HAS EVOLVED INTO BRINGING US SPECIFIC UNCOOKED INGREDIENTS BECAUSE of the wtict diet we are on.This is just as valuable to us though..
This is the first English-language edition since 1963 A pioneering work, it is a tragicomedy by Spain's first green writer and raises issues which are extremely topical for the contemporary reader Raises fundamental questions about the true nature of individual identity, education and self-fulfilment in the modern world
Upon entering the Royal Spanish Academy in 1975, Miguel Delibes delivered an address which reclaimed El camino (1950) for the emerging Green movement. With a blend of hilarity, satire, pathos and tragedy, Delibes artfully explores the process of crossing boundaries in pursuit of maturity and social advancement, whilst also implying that real education is the unfolding of the human heart among friends and sweethearts within a shared social and natural space.
This new annotated version of the text comprises an introductory essay discussing green issues, attitudes towards the Spanish peasantry under Franco, and the function of the novel's subtly orchestrated comedy. It also contains explanatory notes on the text, discussion topics and an extensive Spanish-English glossary.
This edition is intended primarily for English-speaking students of Spanish literature and culture at school and university.
"Squires' edition provides abundant linguistic and cultural footnotes in the main text, a thorough glossary, relevant cultural endnotes and meaningful questions for discussion. His critical analysis that introduces the edition is worthy of scholarly regard in its own right."
"We have come a long way from perceiving the novel as a series of unrelated vignettes in service to a conservative ideology rejecting progress."
The New Shape Prize The New Shape Forum The New Shape Library The New Shape Process The New Shape Lab The Educators’ Challenge The Paris Peace Forum Annual Reports Quarterly Reports Risk Indicator GCF at SSE Earth Statement Risk Surveys
Soushiant Zanganehpour is a social scientist, entrepreneur and Founder/CEO/Architect of Swae, an AI-powered platform for smarter organizational decisions and 21st century governance. Swae helps cities and companies benefit from the collective intelligence of their employees, customers and citizens helping source innovative ideas, program and product feedback, policy and budgeting suggestions, at a fraction of the cost. Stakeholders and AI build compelling proposals together from the bottom-up that are crowd-vetted and the best move to a decision-round for implementation, creating a bi-directional pathway for governance.
Soushiant has worked in Canada, France, and the UK and UAE. From 2012-2015, he was Head of Strategy and Operations for the Skoll Centre for Social Entrepreneurship, at The University of Oxford, and later founded Tribeca Impact Partners, an innovation and sustainability advisory firm helping large organizations mitigate disruption and become future-compatible.
He is a recognized global practitioner in the fields of business innovation, impact investing, social entrepreneurship, and sustainability having spoken at numerous international conferences and published in The Guardian, The Financial Times, Bloomberg Business Week, and Entrepreneur magazines. He is on Harvard Business Review's Advisory Council, and a board advisor of Biocarbon Engineering, a reforestation startup using drones to replant a billion trees per year.
Soushiant earned his BA (PoliSci & IR) from the University of British Columbia, a Diplôme in International Affairs from Sciences-po Paris, an MPP (Public Policy & Economics) from the University of London’s School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), and attended Singularity University’s Global Solutions Program as a Google Scholar. He was awarded a full scholarship by the UK's Foreign Office as one of four Canadian Chevening Scholars for his Masters.
Global Challenges Foundation uses cookies for personal customization and other purposes.Read moreI accept
Haywood: I'd like to send this parcel to amitriptyline hcl 10 mg migraine âIt kind of happened like a microwave,â Gomes said. âEverything pretty instant from defense to offense in an inning and a half. Itâs not ideal having to come back like that, but what we wanted to do was knock out their starting pitcher, King Felix, one of the best. It took us a long time to get his pitch count up, but he left us some outs, and we took advantage of it.â
Faith: I'd like to transfer some money to this account kamagra oral jelly a l'unitoe “Oh, I think we are going to have problems come January when this comes up again, but not necessarily over the same issues,” said analyst Michael Tanner of the Cato Institute. “The President just today was saying he thinks we need more revenue as part of any decision. Republicans are not going to raise taxes, so you are back again to Republicans wanting some sort of entitlement reform, cuts in spending, Democrats saying ‘no’, no cuts in spending, let’s get rid of the sequester, let’s raise taxes.”
Markus: What do you want to do when you've finished? allopurinol 100 mg tab not âI think Thursday was the day that I left everything on the field,â Rivera said. âI wonât say Iâm hurt, but sore. I was pitching with tremendous soreness in my arm, but at the same time, I was giving everything. Now I just want to enjoy what is left of the season.
Sofia: Best Site Good Work http://karc.us/94768/anime-memes.html himcolin gel details The stock price of STMicro has risen about 21 percent thisyear to close at 6.372 euros on Tuesday before earnings werepublished, giving it a market capitalization of about 5.93billion euros ($8.17 billion).
When you stay at Courtyard by Marriott Las Vegas South in Las Vegas, you'll be in the business district, within a 15-minute drive of Las Vegas Convention Center and University of Nevada-Las Vegas. This hotel is 3.6 mi (5.7 km) from Thomas and Mack Center and 3.9 mi (6.2 km) from Fashion Show Mall.
Make yourself at home in one of the 140 air-conditioned rooms featuring refrigerators and microwaves. Complimentary wired and wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming provides entertainment. Private bathrooms with shower/tub combinations feature complimentary toiletries and hair dryers. Conveniences include laptop-compatible safes and desks, as well as phones with free local calls.
Enjoy a range of recreational amenities, including an outdoor pool, a spa tub, and a 24-hour fitness center. Additional amenities at this hotel include complimentary wireless Internet access, concierge services, and a fireplace in the lobby. Guests can catch a ride to nearby destinations on the complimentary area shuttle.
Enjoy a meal at the restaurant or snacks in the hotel's coffee shop/café. Quench your thirst with your favorite drink at the bar/lounge. Cooked-to-order breakfasts are served on weekdays from 6:00 AM to 9:30 AM and on weekends from 7:00 AM to 10:00 AM for a fee.
Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a business center, and express check-in. Event facilities at this hotel consist of conference space and meeting rooms. A shuttle from the hotel to the airport is complimentary (available 24 hours).
Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on property policy. Government-issued photo identification and a credit card or cash deposit are required at check-in for incidental charges. Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in and may incur additional charges. Special requests cannot be guaranteed. Please note that cultural norms and guest policies may differ by country and by property. The policies listed are provided by the property. 24-hour airport shuttle service is available. Contact the property in advance to get details.
The property has connecting/adjoining rooms, which are subject to availability and can be requested by contacting the property using the number on the booking confirmation.
The following fees and deposits are charged by the property at time of service, check-in, or check-out.
The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change.
We have included all charges provided to us by the property. However, charges can vary, for example, based on length of stay or the room you book.
With a stay at Ariyasomvilla, you'll be centrally located in Bangkok, within a 15-minute drive of Siam Paragon Mall and Embassy of Pakistan. This 4-star hotel is 8 mi (12.8 km) from Grand Palace and 9.6 mi (15.5 km) from Wat Arun.
Make yourself at home in one of the 24 individually decorated guestrooms, featuring refrigerators and LCD televisions. Rooms have private balconies. Satellite programming and DVD players are provided for your entertainment, while complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected. Partially open bathrooms with separate bathtubs and showers feature designer toiletries and hair dryers.
Take advantage of recreational opportunities offered, including an outdoor pool, a spa tub, and a steam room. Additional features at this Art Deco hotel include complimentary wireless Internet access and tour/ticket assistance.
Satisfy your appetite for lunch or dinner at the hotel's restaurant, Na Aroon, or stay in and take advantage of the room service (during limited hours). Quench your thirst with your favorite drink at the bar/lounge. A complimentary continental breakfast is served daily from 6 AM to 10 AM.
Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite.
Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on property policy. Government-issued photo identification and a credit card or cash deposit are required at check-in for incidental charges. Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in and may incur additional charges. Special requests cannot be guaranteed.
Performance Summary: In terms of performance, the HP LP3065 met our expectations and then some. In both the objective, technical tests and the subjective, real-world tests, this LCD proves over and over again that bigger is better. Not all big things are created equally, though. This is one of only a few panels on the market with a 92% color gamut, and brightness, contrast, and pixel response are all very good. We are convinced that the LP3065 is one of the best monitors available on the market, especially in its price range.
You may be wondering how the HP LP3065 compares to the Dell 3007WFP-HC, which also features 92% color gamut capability and is based on the exact same LG Philips LCD panel. In terms of performance, the two monitors perform identically. We found the HP LP3065's base to be less sleek than the Dell 3007WFP-HC's base, but the HP's controls provide a much better (more tactile) response. Additionally, we found the HP's input options (three DVI ports versus the Dell's single input) to be more desirable. Both feature USB 2.0 ports, but only the Dell includes a card reader.
If you can afford the $1600-1800 price tag and have the room on your desk, then we seriously doubt you would ever be disappointed with the HP LP3065. It is a superb monitor that tackled every task and test we threw at it, and it looked stunning while doing it. The color reproduction, excellent contrast, uniformity and fast pixel response combined with its enormous screen real-estate, make for a truly outstanding Computer and Multimedia LCD display. We're awarding this product a HotHardware.com Editors Choice.
This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his
associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are
Want to know my secret of how I create the best layout for my space? Read on to get access to my tutorial where I teach YOU how to create the best layout for YOUR space!
Welcome to House by the Preserve, a place where I share my adventures in turning our new builder grade house into a home! I hope to inspire and encourage you to create your best home.
Please note that all images and text are the property of House by the Preserve (unless otherwise noted). Feel free to share, but please limit to one image and must include a link back to my site. Pinning is always welcomed and appreciated. Thank you for supporting my blog!
Okay, I didn’t want to admit this, but I am a novice to potty training. Honestly. I didn’t train the cellist, my mom and husband did. I lived happily not having to worry about rushing a toddler to the toilet or remembering if they even WENT to the toilet in the first place. There was an ignorance is bliss thing going on with me during that time. No accidentally wetting mommy’s pant leg, or having to get up and change sheets in the middle of the night for me with the cellist. Dad took care of it ALL. Oh, and Mor-Mor.
Fast forward eight years and we have Papa Nicholes,Mama Nicholes and a VILLAGE trying to potty train the Ladybug. For the most part, she’ll stay dry ALL day, and then right before bed we have an accident. I think that it is to honestly show us that she is still in charge of her body while Mr. Gullible I mean, Papa Nicholes thinks that she just hasn’t gotten the hang of going to the potty. *insert side eye here* The Ladybug is entirely too in control of her body. She reminds me of a female version of Stewie from Family Guy – well without the underlying conflict of homosexuality and the desire to kill me ( I think.) So far, we’ve gone every day for the last five days with staying dry until at LEAST 10 o’clock in the evening – and then somewhere a bell chimes and she lets loose the floodgates of her loins. Did I mention that she also stays dry the entire night she sleeps? Yeah, she’s in complete control of her body. We’re just here to do her will.
I'm Mrs. Houseful. Or Natasha if you're not into nicknames! I'm a married mom of four. I love chatting it up with so many of you all. I love traveling, sewing, cooking, and trying new things. I also collect Box Tops For Education, and refer to myself as the crazy Box Tops Lady. Send me yours if you don't collect for your children! You need to contact me? Send me an email! natasha@housefulofnicholes.com
So far, we've just had to buckle down and just remember to ask her every thirty minutes after any drinking of liquids. We've also gone with not giving her anything to drink after 8 pm since her bedtime is around nine. So far the longest time that we've gone with no accidents is five straight days. And she is sleeping through the night with no wetting of the bed.
We're still trying to perfect it though, and I know that will just come with age and forming of good habits.
Our Houseful LOVES comments! It warms our hearts to know that you're touched by something enough to say hello! We'll respond back to you! Promise!	Cancel reply
The department carries out basic research of Slovak and partially also world history from 1918 till 1945. It deals with the problems from political, economic, social and cultural history. The outputs are presented in the form of monographs, scholarly articles and collective publications.
Fields of scientific interest: European history and history of international relations in the 19th and 20th centuries, relations between France and East Central Europe, international protection of minorities, history of Slovakia and the 1st Czechoslovak Republic in European context (Little Entante, cultural transfers between Central, Western and Eastern Europe); historiography and the writing of biographies (M. R. Štefánik, B. Pavlů and others)
Fields of scientific interest: Political and cultural history of Slovakia in the 20th century, Slovak Republic (1939 – 1945)
Fields of scientific interest: Slovak history in the 1st half of the 20th century with the accent on the history of agrarian political movement in Slovakia and football as a social phenomenon during the period of the 1st Czechoslovak Republic
Fields of scientific interest: political system of interwar Czechoslovakia and Slovak Republic (1939 – 1945) in connection with their cultural policies, institutionalization of culture and education, school system, enlightenment and educational strategies of both states in Central European context
Fields of scientific interest: History of Slovak Jews from 1918 till 1945 with the accent on Final Solution to the Jewish
Fields of scientific interest: History of Central Europe in the 20th Century, foreign policy, propaganda, nationalism, popular culture, commemorations
Fields of scientific interest: History of Socialist and Communist movement; Social radicalism, shaping identities in interwar period
Fields of scientific interest: Czecho-Slovak relationships in the context of Czechoslovak relations with Poland and Hungary during the interwar period with the focus on the activities of political elites. Another academic topic is irredentism in general and the influence of propaganda and media on society in given time period
Fields of scientific interest: Political, social and cultural history of Slovakia during the interwar period in Czechoslovakia, election campaigns of political parties, political socialization of citizens, symbolic and art side of politics, construction of social infrastructure (building of flats, schools and health facilities) in Slovakia from 1918 till 1945
Fields of scientific interest: History of holocaust in Slovakia in the European context (with the focus on aryanization), historiography of holocaust, activities of security forces in Slovakia from 1939 till 1945
Apparently Kennington Social Club did not turn up to play the Cross Keys on the last game of the season and ive been told the rules state any team failing to turn up are deemed to have withdrawn from the league is this correct ? If so it could be more work for Dave Thomas
how to operate insurance agency procedures manual this was included in new york journal of insurance recommended reading section a helpful guide ebook GET
freshwater boundaries revisited recent developments in international river and lake delimitation brill research ebook GET
shades of freedom racial politics and presumptions of the american legal process race and the american legal ebook GET
social work practice with ethnically and racially diverse nursing home residents and their families social ebook GET
an inquiry concerning the diseases and function of the brain the spinal cord and the nerves leather bound ebook GET
crafting and executing strategy the quest for competitive advantage 19th edition thompson peteref gamble strickland ebook GET
immigration and nationality laws of the united states selected stats regulations and forms 2014 selected statutes ebook GET
the healing power of sound recovery from life threatening illness using sound voice and music ebook GET
a compendium of roman law founded on the institutes of justinian together with examination questions set in the ebook GET
intermediate financial management with thomson one business school edition finance 1 year 2 semester printed access card ebook GET
essay mbe and performance test summaries look inside written by authors of published bar exam essays and performance ebook GET
hm revenue and customs aspire the re competition of outsourced it services twenty eighth report of session 2006 07 report together with formal minutes oral and written evidence hc ebook GET
for introduction of electronic health records new nursing diagnosis and intervention results and use of manual ebook GET
the pharmacy technician foundations and practices custom edition for condensed curriculum international ebook GET
diy projects renewing old clothes 25 amazing diy ideas diy household hacks diy projects diy crafts interior design decorate your home decorating recycle projects book upcycling crafts ebook GET
top warm romantic diy removable wallpaper purple flowers skirting line wall stickers wall decal art home decor mural wall decals mural wall stickers from with decor mural.
fabulous usa d shark porthole views wall sticker vinyl decals kids room home decor mural with decor mural.
top chalk board blackboard stickers removable vinyl draw decor mural decals art chalkboard wall sticker for kids with decor mural.
ecofriendly art simple tree branch wall sticker home decor hot design wall mural for near the door with decor mural.
gallery of full size of decormural ideas awesome mural ideas our awesome office wall from with decor mural.
perfect free shipping popular ancient lamp cats and birds wall sticker wall mural home decor room kids decals wallpaper with decor mural.
kids roomfairy princess butterly decals vinyl art mural wall sticker designs and ideas for with decor mural.
wall decoration painting wall painted designs amazing painted designs paint designs for walls exquisite with decor mural.
free shipping banksy jules and vincent pulp fiction movie wall art decal decor mural sticker vinyl poster with decor mural.
best kids roomfairy princess butterly decals vinyl art mural wall sticker designs and ideas for with decor mural.
makeup wall decal vinyl sticker decals home decor mural make up girl eyes woman fashion cosmetic with decor mural.
affordable makeup wall decal vinyl sticker decals home decor mural make up girl eyes woman fashion cosmetic with decor mural.
free d fish ocean porthole window stickers decals bathroom home art decor mural wall decoration cool with decor mural.
gallery of d fish ocean porthole window stickers decals bathroom home art decor mural wall decoration cool with decor mural.
stunning for decoration at home uptodate for decoration at home magnificent design shipping wall sticker decor mural with decor mural.
free shipping romantic paris eiffel tower beautiful view of france diy wall stickers decor mural with decor mural.
latest warm romantic diy removable wallpaper purple flowers skirting line wall stickers wall decal art home decor mural wall decals mural wall stickers from with decor mural.
cheap free shipping romantic paris eiffel tower beautiful view of france diy wall stickers decor mural with decor mural.
affordable free shipping popular ancient lamp cats and birds wall sticker wall mural home decor room kids decals wallpaper with decor mural.
interesting get quotations creative d simulation showcase stickers artificial flowers d wall stickers diy abstract art home removable with decor mural.
simple for decoration at home uptodate for decoration at home magnificent design shipping wall sticker decor mural with decor mural.
elegant tree wall decal huge tree wall decals nursery wall decor wall mural stickers tree with birds with decor mural.
fabulous wall decoration painting wall painted designs amazing painted designs paint designs for walls exquisite with decor mural.
fabulous chalk board blackboard stickers removable vinyl draw decor mural decals art chalkboard wall sticker for kids with decor mural.
beautiful barber shop wall murals hair salon sticker hairdresser decal barber shop posters vinyl wall decals pegatina with barber shop wall decor with decor mural.
gallery of ecofriendly art simple tree branch wall sticker home decor hot design wall mural for near the door with decor mural.
elegant butterfly kitchen decor cats wall stickers art decals mural wallpaper health a anatomy store about i with decor mural.
beautiful beautiful barber shop wall murals hair salon sticker hairdresser decal barber shop posters vinyl wall decals pegatina with barber shop wall decor with decor mural.
butterfly kitchen decor cats wall stickers art decals mural wallpaper health a anatomy store about i with decor mural.
coffee world map sticker food decal cafe poster vinyl art wall decals pegatina quadro parede decor mural coffee sticker with decor mural.
gallery of removable death star wars wall stickers kids decal home decor mural art gifts with decor mural.
cool tree wall decal huge tree wall decals nursery wall decor wall mural stickers tree with birds with decor mural.
This URL is a request to the webserver located at 216.187.231.34 to paint a web page using a report Id of 1356. The URL also identifies a owner of the document so that the document can be displayed inside of a master page that belongs to that user. A master page is like a background page.
The first part of the URL "http" is called a protocol identifier. This part tells the web browser or the webserver, what to do with the rest of the string. Some of the known protocols are "ftp", "file", "mail" etc. This article primarily focuses on the "http" protocol. For other protocols look up "google".
The second part of the URL following the protocol identifies a host or a machine using either its name or an ip address. Both methods are equivalent. Using a name is advantageous where available as the ip address can change. A single machine can host any number of web servers. In that case the client needs to tell which web server the client needs access to. This is done through a port number. When a webserver starts on a machine, it uses one of the available ports on the machine. A client needs to know what this port number is. A port number is a logical number that a machine maintains, like a table. There is really no practical limit to the number of ports a machine can maintain. Think of it as a notebook in your house where you keep the names of people that you deal with. If you need a new account, just create a new page with a new number. very similar.
But usually if you don't specify any port on the URL the client assumes that the port is called "8080". This is called a well known port. That means there is a web server on that machine waiting on this port to service web clients. So with this logic the above URL can be rewritten as
But in a dyanmic web server this string is handed over to a server side logic to decide on a web page. In this particular case this identifies a "java servlet" or a "java class" that is responsible for devlivering the web page. This same servlet, based on the arguments that follow may deliver several different web pages. For example, in Aspire all web pages are delivered through the same servlet. This means this part of the URL stays the same. What page gets delivered is completely dependent on the arguments that follow
The URL structure that I have discussed so far is called an "absolute URL". This is because, every aspect of the URL is fully specified. If that is an "absolute URL", what is a relative URL?
Notice how the protocol, and webserver are removed from the URL. If you type this URL in your web browser, you won't see the document. This is because the browser doesn't know what the protocol is or what the webserver is. So these relative URLs make sense only when you are linking from an existing webpage.
If your browser has downloaded a web page from a webserver then the browser knows what webserver the page came from. If there are any links on that web page, then the browser can guess the webserver for these relative URLs. The advantage of relative URLs is that when you change the webservers, the links doesn't have to change as they are relative to what ever web server their parent pages are located at.
In java based web servers this is further sub divided into two parts. A "web application prefix" and a "servlet identifier".
The ordinary web user usually do not care about these nuances, especially the long servlet names etc. For this purpose java servers have a way to declare short aliases for their servlets, or a way to associate part of a url name to a servlet invocation. Using this scheme let me revisit the relative URL I have approached earlier
North Park offers newly renovated 1, 2, and 3 bedroom apartment homes North Park is nestled in residential area and surrounded by shopping, dining and numerous retail outlets all within a few miles from home. They offer a park and picnic area for great family outings, laundry center on site and terrific green space for your enjoyment.
© 2012-2018 Gnammo S.r.l | Corso Castelfidardo, 30 10128 Torino (Italy) | P.IVA 11041440014 | Termini e Condizioni | Privacy Policy | Boosted by TreataBit
Topics: Business Intelligence Solutions IntelliFront BI IntelliFront BI's Intuitive Dashboards business intelligence automation business intelligence analytics tools business intelligence tools with dashboards business intelligence software platforms business intelligence platforms enterprise business intelligence tools real-time business intelligence reporting
Key Performance Indicators, also called KPIs, are a means to measure your business performance and track progress towards your goals. KPI tracking can be a great tool in your business intelligence tool-set. You can measure progress through KPI reports or mount them on a dashboard for increased visibility. These metrics are a reflection of your company strategy and help propel it forward.
Topics: real-time kpi dashboards KPI Trackers kpi dashboard software KPI Dashboards KPI reporting dashboards reporting dashboard software IntelliFront BI IntelliFront BI's Intuitive Dashboards business intelligence tools with dashboards dashboard reporting software intuitive dashboard intuitive business intelligence dashboards business dashboard software
Key Performance Indicator reports, or KPI reports for short, are measurable values that can help your business track goals. Normally, organizations set targets for each fiscal year and use KPIs to evaluate their ongoing progress. For example, you can set KPIs at various levels within your organization to monitor aspects such as fiscal revenues, sales for sub-divisions or employee satisfaction.
Topics: kpis business key perfromance indicators key performance indicator IntelliFront BI IntelliFront BI's Intuitive Dashboards business intelligence automation real-time business intelligence benefits of business intelligence business intelligence reports real-time business intelligence reporting tools business intelligence reporting tools
Business intelligence (BI) is a powerful tool that many organizations are using today for mining their data. The data landscape can be rather complex, especially for large-scale enterprises. BI tools can facilitate analysis and decision making by helping you slice and dice the data for your needs. Business intelligence has, therefore, become quite fundamental to many companies.
Topics: business intelligence automation IntelliFront BI IntelliFront BI's Intuitive Dashboards benefit from business intelligence perfect business intelligence tool business intelligence Business Intelligence Solutions business intelligence systems business intelligence solution real-time business intelligence real-time kpi dashboards real-time self-service dashboards
We are living in a world that is experiencing an ever-increasing flow of data. Raw data is hardly useful unless you apply a layer of intelligence on top of it. Organizations are always trying to acquire customers, compete with their peers and keep their employees satisfied. None of it can be possible without collecting and analyzing relevant data.
Topics: business intelligence automation business intelligence business intelligence strategy IntelliFront BI IntelliFront BI's Intuitive Dashboards business intelligence analytics tools business intelligence technology bi technology bi tool bi reports business intelligence sysytems business data visualization
With over 1,000 clients in 47 countries, we are committed to a culture where we put people first – our customers, our employees & our partners. We specialize in reporting, report distribution, report scheduling, dashboards & automating business processes for Power BI, SSRS, Crystal Reports & MS Access.
From scheduled BI report delivery to browser-based & mobile-enabled dashboards, the magic sauce is in our proprietary business process automation experience & know-how that leverages business rules, workflows & instant notification capabilities built right into our Business Intelligence & report distribution solutions.
﻿ ვერმაელენი: "ბარსელონამ ზაფხულში არ გამიშვა, ახლა კი მეორე გუნდშიც კი არ მათამაშებენ" » GOAL.GE - ფეხბურთი | fexburti
To view a digital copy of the Buyers' Guide issue 2018 issue of Hydraulics & Pneumatics Magazine, click here.
Institute of History of SAS offers information in accordance with the law n. 211/2000 of the Slovak statute-book
Hairy House, named because of the wildflower turf roof, is an extension to a Victorian end of terrace house. Replacing a dilapidated lean-to, the extension provides a new family kitchen, dining and play space.
The simplicity of the brief was accompanied by a desire to use the opportunities afforded by the unusual geometry and stepped level changes in the site to create a unique architectural response.
The design of this room – a simple rear extension – is conceived as an architectural negotiation between the order of the existing Victorian house and the patterns of modern domestic life. The project includes design features that abide by the rules of the existing house and others that seek to challenge them.
The lower ground floor level is dropped to provide a 2.8m floor-to-ceiling height that matches the proportions and sense of space of the existing house. The ceiling line is angled up towards the south-west and the afternoon sun. This in turn defines the angle of the slate cladding on the rear elevation.
As one enters the house, the hall connecting the staircase to the existing house widens to provide ‘shuffle-space’ for someone coming out of the utility room with a laundry basket whilst the conventional timber floorboards used on the long stairs reduce in module size as they approach the original tiling in the entrance hall.
Inside the new kitchen and dining space, the formality of a space for dining is combined with the informality of a cosy window seat. The seat itself appears sculpted and is lined in vertical timer boards to emulate traditional Victorian panelling. A curtain to the rear window is housed within the timber lining.
Natural slate – the existing roof material – is used as the external wall surface but the coursing varied to signify the fact that it is a cladding rather than load-bearing, like the existing masonry to which it abuts.
Externally the slate cladding is transferred to the garden with a scattered tile effect breaking down the traditional line between hard and soft landscaping whilst the white tiles laid in a herringbone pattern extending from inside to out.
PestPatrol is a Security software developed by CA. After our trial and test, the software is proved to be official, secure and free. Here is the official description for PestPatrol:
PestPatrol is a powerful anti-hacker utility that detects and eliminates new breeds of malicious software such as hacker tools, spyware, and trojan horses. More harmful than viruses, these Pests create "backdoors" which bypass established security, compromise your networks, and invade personal Privacy. They allow hackers or disgruntled employees to Breach firewalls, crack passwords, or launch Denial of Service (DoS) attacks. PestPatrol is a unique tool to help security administrators identify and eliminate threats to the integrity and security of their computer networks. It is the most comprehensive utility of its kind, detecting thousands of Pests and safely removing them from your computer systems. you can free download PestPatrol 5 now.
capture your kids in pictures simple techniques for taking great family photos with any camera ebook GET
building climate change adaptation with smart growth and green infrastructure adaptive planning policies from rotterdam lyon and barcelona ebook GET
village life in america 1852 1872 including the period of the american civil war as told in the diary of a school girl ebook GET
supply chains markets and power managing buyer and supplier power regimes routledge studies in business organizations and networks ebook GET
learn aspnet 40 c and visual studio 2010 essential skills with the smart method courseware tutorial for self instruction to beginner and intermediate level ebook GET
business mastery box master evernote startup success and business skills build and design your dream business and work flow to succeed boxing philip vang volume 1 ebook GET
how to say it for women communicating with confidence and power using the language of success ebook GET
stieg larsson millennium trilogy audiobook cd bundle the girl with the dragon tattoo the girl who played with fire and the girl who kicked the hornets nest cd audio common ebook GET
the five thousand year leap 30 year anniversary edition with glenn beck foreword by w cleon skousen 1st first ebook GET
contemporary tourist behaviour yourself and others as tourists cabi tourism texts by d bowen j clarke 2009 paperback ebook GET
the spelling bee toolbox for grades 6 8 all the resources you need for a successful spelling bee ebook GET
the musicians guide to licensing music how to get your music into film tv advertising digital media & beyond ebook GET
cold war modernists art literature and american cultural diplomacy author greg barnhisel published on march 2015 ebook GET
principles and practice of american politics classic and contemporary readings fourth edition ebook GET
secure ict service provisioning for cloud mobile and beyond a workable architectural approach balancing between buyers and providers edition kes ebook GET
religion and medical ethics looking back looking forward institute of religion series on religion & health care ebook GET
how children think and learn the social contexts of cognitive development understanding childrens worlds ebook GET
introduction to communication disorders a lifespan evidence based perspective 4th edition allyn & bacon communication sciences and disorders ebook GET
teaching word recognition second edition effective strategies for students with learning difficulties what works for special needs learners ebook GET
the truth about essential oils and cancer discover what the research really says and learn how to use oils effectively ebook GET
modification of radiation response cytokines growth factors and other biological targets medical radiology ebook GET
wolfgang puck makes it healthy light delicious recipes and easy exercises for a better life ebook GET
the link between animal abuse and human violence 1st first edition published by sussex academic press 2009 ebook GET
physicians desk reference for nonprescription drugs and dietary supplements physicians desk reference for nonprescripton ebook GET
chemistry with reference to the answer of 2 review the new curriculum special entrancechinese edition ebook GET
inside rad how to build fully functional computer systems in 90 days or less systems design and implementation ebook GET
responsive therapy a systematic approach to counseling skills skills techniques and process ebook GET
annotated model rules of professional conduct paperback 2007 author aba center for professional responsibility ebook GET
missing persons a writers guide to finding the lost the abducted and the escaped howdunit writing ebook GET
the abcs of strategic communication thousands of terms tips and techniques by litwin m larry 2008 paperback ebook GET
american horses and horse breeding a complete history of the horse from the remotest period in his history to ebook GET
the unsolicited chronicler an account of the gunnison massacre its causes and consequences utah territory 1847 1859a narrative history ebook GET
hand printing studio 15 projects to color your life a visual guide to printing on almost anything ebook GET
foods that harm and foods that heal the best and worst choices to treat your ailments naturally ebook GET
the colored patriots of the american revolution with sketches of several distinguished colored persons to which is added a brief survey of the condi ebook GET
the divided ground indians settlers and the northern borderland of the american revolution ebook GET
a cancer therapy results of fifty cases and the cure of advanced cancer by diet therapy a summary of 30 years of clinical experimentation ebook GET
how racism and sexism killed traditional media why the future of journalism depends on women and people of color racism in american institutions ebook GET
gum printing a stepbystep manual highlighting artists and their creative practice alternative process photography ebook GET
changing power relations in northeast asia implications for relations between japan and south korea european institute of japanese studies east asian economics and business ebook GET
review guide for lpnlvn pre entrance exam by natl league nursing jones & bartlett learning 2008 paperback 3rd edition paperback ebook GET
summer for the gods the scopes trial and americas continuing debate over science and religion first trade paper edition ebook GET
literature gender and nation building in nineteenth century egypt the life and works of `aisha taymur literatures and cultures of the islamic world ebook GET
informed choices for struggling adolescent readers a research based guide to instructional programs and practices ebook GET
how to make a winning college application video essay everything you need to know from idea to upload ebook GET
a work on special dental pathology devoted to the diseases and treatment of the investing tissues of the teeth ebook GET
structured sensory intervention for traumatized children adolescents and parents strategies to alleviate trauma ebook GET
the complete recovery room book 4th fourth edition by hatfield anthea tronson michael published by oxford university press usa 2009 ebook GET
taiwan education at the crossroad when globalization meets localization international and development education ebook GET
the cross and the crescent the dramatic story of the earliest encounters between christians and muslims ebook GET
music career the indie artist takeover why record labels are a thing of the past and indie artists are the future ebook GET
chalk it up to grace a chalkboard coloring book of removable wall art prints perfect with colored pencils and markers inspirational coloring journaling and creative lettering ebook GET
fundamentals of financial management concise edition with thomson one business school edition 1 term 6 months printed access card finance titles in the brigham family ebook GET
security and loss prevention management with answer sheet ahlei 3rd edition ahlei introduction to hotel security ebook GET
the interpretation of st pauls epistles to the galatians to the ephesians and to the philippians ebook GET
facts about horses their delivery and their care from the pink book series by debbie nicholson ebook GET
the boss of you everything a woman needs to know to start run and maintain her own business ebook GET
playing with the big boys basketball american imperialism and subaltern discourse in the philippines ebook GET
architectural graphic standards 11 edition student edition with landscape graphic standards student edition set ebook GET
application of nursing process and nursing diagnosis an interactive text for diagnostic reasoning with cdrom ebook GET
how to learn and memorize medical terminology using a memory palace specifically designed for achieving medical ebook GET
in defense of self and others issues facts and fallacies the realities of law enforcements use of deadly ebook GET
by theodore schick how to think about weird things critical thinking for a new age 3rd edition paperback ebook GET
treating interstitial cystitis with an integrative model of classical chinese and western medicines ebook GET
2010 nursing disabilities and the nurse practitioner emergency nursing exam books volumes including disk ebook GET
german unification economic issues german unification no 75 occasional paper intl monetary fund ebook GET
methodological choice and design scholarship policy and practice in social and educational research methodos series ebook GET
the guru guide to the knowledge economy the best ideas for operating profitably in a hyper competitive world ebook GET
rap battle how to lyrically demolish any mic beat or foe and a few other things you might need to know rap battle how to book 1 ebook GET
annual review of gerontology and geriatrics volume 8 1988 varieties of aging annual review of gerontology ebook GET
planning teaching and assessing the curriculum for pupils with learning difficulties developing skills ebook GET
national medical licensing examination physician assistant clinical practice exercises and answers selected resolution ebook GET
living debt free how to pay off every debt you have simply and easily save money today series book 5 ebook GET
routledge library editions social theory studies in social and political theory rle social theory ebook GET
shaping our lives from outset to outcome what people think of the social care services they use ebook GET
financial risk management applications in market credit asset and liability management and firmwide risk wiley finance ebook GET
a new look towards urban renewal an inaugural lecture given in the university of fort hare on the 22nd august 1974 fort hare inaugural lectures ebook GET
personal relationships the effect on employee attitudes behavior and well being siop organizational frontiers ebook GET
divine collision an african boy an american lawyer and their remarkable battle for freedom ebook GET
knowing becoming doing as teacher educators identity intimate scholarship inquiry advances in research on teaching ebook GET
peak athletic performance guided self hypnosis for enhanced confidence focus & mental edge in sports with bonus body work ebook GET
information quality in e health 7th conference of the workgroup human computer interaction and usability engineering ebook GET
north carolina public utilities law annotated and rules and regulations of the north carolina utilities commission ebook GET
driving with care alcohol other drugs and driving safety education strategies for responsible living the participants workbook level ii education ebook GET
infant feedings guidelines for preparation of human milk and formula in health care facilities second edition ebook GET
investing dontbestupidclub answers to stocks bonds mutual funds real estate and retirement ebook GET
phase equilibria in ni p sn and binary subsystems understanding the reactions between sn based solders and enig surfaces ebook GET
raising the global floor dismantling the myth that we cant afford good working conditions for everyone stanford politics and policy by jody heymann 15 dec 2009 hardcover ebook GET
facilitating with ease with cd core skills for facilitators team leaders and members managers consultants and trainers ebook GET
chinas foreign political and economic relations an unconventional global power state and society in east asia ebook GET
brain rules updated and expanded 12 principles for surviving and thriving at work home and school ebook GET
sporting fords front drive escorts from xr3 to rs cosworth 4x4 v 5 a collectors guide by jeremy walton published by motor racing publications ltd 1994 ebook GET
june 2012 11 sets of past exam+5 sets of predicted papers+1000 high frequency words+20 compositions 1112 0612 mp3 with subtitle chinese edition ebook GET
megans law does it protect children? a review of evidence on the impact of community notification as legislated ebook GET
aqa a as psychology unit 2 the exam companion questions and model answers exam questions with model answers written by examiners ebook GET
annual editions child growth and development 1213 annual editions child growth & development ebook GET
on the theory and practice of painting in oil and watercolours with a manual of lithography ebook GET
make more money by publishing other peoples books and papers at amazons kindle in spanish and english with sample contract spanish edition ebook GET
guide to the code of ethics for nurses interpretation and application american nurses association ebook GET
observations and calculations and field notes of the establishment of the point of intersection of the true 100th meridian with the red river 57th house of representatives document no 375 ebook GET
living and learning with new media summary of findings from the digital youth project the john d and catherine t macarthur foundation series on digital media and learning ebook GET
technical writing presentational skills and online communication professional tools and insights ebook GET
yamaha racing motorcycles all factory and production roadracing twostrokes from 1955 to 1993 ebook GET
ageing in singapore service needs and the state routledge contemporary southeast asia series ebook GET
power systems engineering and mathematics international series of monographs in electrical engineering volume 3 ebook GET
collected writings of william garner sutherland pertaining to the art and science of osteopathy including the ebook GET
mechanical behavior of materials 3rd edition 3rd edition by dowling norman e published by prentice hall hardcover ebook GET
summary how i made my first million on the internet ewen chia taking advantage of the internet to get rich ebook GET
the collaborative public manager new ideas for the twenty first century public management and change series ebook GET
servsafe coursebook with paperpencil answer sheet update with 2009 fda food code and foodsafetyprep powered by servsafe access card package 5th edition ebook GET
computational methods for electric power systems second edition electric power engineering series ebook GET
challenging behavior in young children understanding preventing and responding effectively 4th edition ebook GET
just between you and me a novel of losing fear and finding god by jenny b jones published september 2009 ebook GET
homeschooling the child with add or other special needs your complete guide to successfully homeschooling the child with learning differences ebook GET
the right to innocence healing the trauma of childhood sexual abuse a therapeutic 7 step self help program for men and women including how to choose a therapist and find a support group ebook GET
negotiating ethnicity in china citizenship as a response to the state routledge studies on china in transition ebook GET
institutional change in turkey the impact of european union reforms on human rights and policing ebook GET
the obsessions of georges bataille community and communication suny series in contemporary french thought ebook GET
the b2b social media book become a marketing superstar by generating leads with blogging linkedin twitter facebook email and more ebook GET
an adaptive approach for precise underwater vehicle control in combined robot diver operations ebook GET
agile laments continuous innovation & disciplined execution gcc edition continuous innovation and disciplined execution book 1 ebook GET
antidote for a stalker our newest guide designed to generate a better understanding of the ever evolving menace of stalking ebook GET
the kitchen witch a year round witchs brew of seasonal recipes lotions and potions for every pagan festival ebook GET
applying social cognition to consumer focused strategy advertising and consumer psychology ebook GET
environmental defense fund inc v corps of engineers of u s army u s supreme court transcript of record with ebook GET
living with depression and anxiety 26 ways to get you out of the fog into the sunshine an amanda self help series book 1 ebook GET
advances in conceptual modeling er99 workshops on evolution and change in data management reverse engineering in information systems and the world lecture notes in computer science ebook GET
do unto animals a friendly guide to how animals live and how we can make their lives better ebook GET
report on the inquiry into building a united community fifteenth report written submissions 61 73 departmental papers and memoranda research papers northern ireland assembly reports ebook GET
applications challenges and advancements in electromyography signal processing advances in medical technologies and clinical practice ebook GET
margaret powells cookery book 500 upstairs recipes from everyones favorite downstairs kitchen maid and cook ebook GET
the coolie speaks chinese indentured laborers and african slaves in cuba asian american history & cultu by yun lisa 2008 hardcover ebook GET
recovery coach mastery strengths based approaches competencies for helping persons recovering for addictive behaviors ebook GET
carvers chiropractic analysis of chiropractic principles as applied to pathology relatology symptomology and ebook GET
the republic of pirates being the true and surprising story of the caribbean pirates and the man who brought them down reprint edition by woodard colin published by mariner books paperback ebook GET
schaums outline of french grammar schaums outline series 4th fourth edition by crocker mary coffman published ebook GET
the ultimate scholarship book 2014 billions of dollars in scholarships grants and prizes ultimate scholarship book billions of dollars in scholarships ebook GET
public organizational identity and social justice building a scientific development organizations and private ebook GET
motivational interviewing in health care helping patients change behavior applications of motivational interviewing by rollnick stephen miller william r butler christopher c 1st first edition 2008 ebook GET
how to make friends as an introvert discover introvert friendly ways to meet new people improve your social skills and make new friends ebook GET
the camera as historian amateur photographers and historical imagination 1885-1918 objectshistories ebook GET
forced labour and human trafficking casebook of court decisions a training manual for judges prosecutors and ebook GET
photography 40 a teaching guide for the 21st century educators share thoughts and assignments photography educators series ebook GET
welfare reform and pensions bill 23rd sitting thursday 22 april 1999 afternoon parliamentary debates ebook GET
leasehold reform housing and urban development act 1993 a guide to part i and part ii housing law ebook GET
social smarts strategies that earn free book publicity dont pay to market your writing by anne hart published march 2006 ebook GET
what to expect when parenting children with adhd a 9 step plan to master the struggles and triumphs of parenting ebook GET
how to communicate with people in any situation the art of effective persuasive communication ebook GET
passive income make money online with multiple streams of income passive income online make money online step by step guide to create passive income ebook GET
the way of improvement leads home philip vickers fithian and the rural enlightenment in early america early american studies ebook GET
metal clay and mixed media jewelry innovative projects featuring resin polymer clay fiber glass ceramics collage materials and more ebook GET
cutting edge research in developing the library of the future new paths for building future services creating the 21st century academic library ebook GET
study of the life of christ and acts practical outline studies for the sunday school and young peoples societies ebook GET
biomaterials and medical device associated infections woodhead publishing series in biomaterials ebook GET
listening visits in perinatal mental health a guide for health professionals and support workers ebook GET
warrior attitude 21 ways to think & act like a warrior that will transform your outlook on life ebook GET
wordcraft applied qualitative data analysis qda tools for public and voluntary social services ebook GET
fingerpicking latin standards 15 songs arranged for solo guitar in standard notation and tab ebook GET
self leadership and the one minute manager increasing effectiveness through situational self leadership ebook GET
brief summary of the technical feasibility emissions and fuel economy of pure methanol engines ebook GET
study guide with solutions to selected problems a practice book for chemistry an introduction to general organic and biological chemistry ebook GET
earthquake induced landslides proceedings of the international symposium on earthquake induced landslides kiryu japan 2012 ebook GET
state names flags seals songs birds flowers and other symbols a study based on historical documents giving the origin and significance of the with facsimiles of the state flags and seals ebook GET
the humanities culture continuity and change book 6 1900 to the present 2nd edition humanities culture continuity & change ebook GET
therapeutic interventions for the person with dementia physical and occupational therapy in geriatrics ebook GET
rights of man part the first being an answer to mr burkes attack on the french revolution by thomas paine secretary for foreign affairs to and author of the work intitled common sense ebook GET
capitalizing on lean production systems to win new business creating a lean and profitable new product portfolio ebook GET
eating well after weight loss surgery over 140 delicious low fat high protein recipes to enjoy in the weeks months and years after surgery ebook GET
the inland seas of north america and the natural and industrial productions of canada with the real foundations for its future prosperity ebook GET
i only say this because i love you talking to your parents partner sibs and kids when youre all adults ebook GET
welcome to the microbiome getting to know the trillions of bacteria and other microbes in on and around you ebook GET
early learning thematic lesson plans grades pk 1 32 thematic lesson plans for a developmentally appropriate curriculum ebook GET
hope cup 11th national primary mathematics competition questions training problems answerschinese edition ebook GET
exercise for the brain 70 neurobic exercises to increase mental fitness prevent memory loss ebook GET
environment and history the taming of nature in the usa and south africa historical connections series ebook GET
securing south africas democracy defense development and security in transition author gavin cawthra nov 1997 ebook GET
medicare and medicaid frauds joint hearing before the subcommittee on long term care and the subcommittee on ebook GET
charm and methods papers how to learn mathematics the high school version of thechinese edition ebook GET
unity 5 from zero to proficiency beginner a step by step guide to coding your first game with unity ebook GET
indigenous peoples and tropical forests models of land use and management from latin america cultural survival report ebook GET
agile project management for beginners stepbystep guide to becoming a successful project manager agile software development agile development scrum ebook GET
chinese man phase 1 unit 06 10 learn to speak and understand mandarin chinese with pimsleur language programs ebook GET
theories in second language acquisition an introduction second language acquisition research series ebook GET
crc standard mathematical tables and formulae 29th edition discrete mathematics and its applications ebook GET
leadership 12 proven leadership tactics to start thinking outside of the box leadership leadership and self deception leadership books ebook GET
language disorders from infancy through adolescence listening speaking reading writing and communicating 4e 4th fourth edition by paul phd ccc slp rhea norbury phd courtenay published by mosby 2011 ebook GET
water allocation in rivers under pressure water trading transaction costs and transboundary governance in the western us and australia ebook GET
brainwaves the nature of brain waves & their frequencies how they affect you & how you can change them brain brainwave entrainment brainwaves brain waves mind bineural beats neuroscience ebook GET
nursing issues in the 21st century perspectives from the literature new nursing photobooks ebook GET
how to take care of our eyes with advice to parents and teachers in regard to the management of the eyes of children ebook GET
the undead organ harvesting the ice water test beating heart cadavers how medicine is blurring the line between ebook GET
finance proven steps to become a real multi millionaire passive income debt free financial freedom work from home wealth creation starting a business planning outsourcing startup save money ebook GET
mimesis as make believe on the foundations of the representational arts 1st first edition by walton kendall l 1993 ebook GET
nanomicroscale heat transfer mcgraw hill nanoscience and technology 1st edition by zhang zhuomin 2007 hardcover ebook GET
designing appletalk networks architectures previously designing appletalk networks network frontiers field manual ebook GET
my husbands a porn addict a wifes tormenting journey through her husbands addiction pornography addiction porn addiction spouse of porn addict ebook GET
service delivery 161 success secrets 161 most asked questions on service delivery what you need to know ebook GET
social reform organizations and subsequent careers of participants a follow up study of early participants in ebook GET
software tools and algorithms for biological systems advances in experimental medicine and biology ebook GET
a contemporary approach to substance abuse and addiction counseling a counselors guide to application and understanding ebook GET
visualizing cell processes full curriculum cell biology series 3rd edition photosynthesis and cellular respiration program 3 of 5 includes pdf teaching guide ebook GET
texts and lessons for content area reading with more than 75 articles from the new york times rolling stone the washington post car and driver chicago tribune and many others ebook GET
pt made simple how to be succesful in physical therapy for students clinicians and licensed professionals ebook GET
the cause and prevention of decay in teeth an investigation into the causes of the prevalence of dental caries ebook GET
conquering hepatitis c and surviving treatment an essential guide through every step of the hcv treatment process ebook GET
the five keys to mindful communication using deep listening and mindful speech to strengthen relationships heal conflicts and accomplish your goals ebook GET
newyork historical society new york city in 3d in the gilded age a book plus stereoscopic viewer and 50 3d photos from the turn of the century ebook GET
isaiah 1 39 interpretation a bible commentary for teaching and preaching interpretation a bible commentary for teaching & preaching ebook GET
financial accounting an introduction to concepts methods and uses 13th thirteenth edition by stickney clyde p weil roman l schipper katherine fra published by cengage learning 2009 ebook GET
the building trades pocketbook a handy manual of reference on building construction including structural design masonry bricklaying carpentry joinery roofing plastering painting plumbing li ebook GET
health disparities in the united states social class race ethnicity and health by donald a barr 2014 08 20 ebook GET
the american health care paradox why spending more is getting us less by elizabeth h bradley 2015 03 03 ebook GET
commercial real estate finance strategies leading lawyers on navigating the changing real estate market and negotiating ebook GET
the manual to manhood how to cook the perfect steak change a tire impress a girl & 97 other skills you need to survive ebook GET
You know for example if you had someone who is doing say personal care down there at the Aged Care Centre, they will know that you know it’s better to have that person bathed or washed or whatever for health reasons but when you’re actually doing that and writing that, writing that out, it’s two different things – the doing and the writing I suppose, alright, so once you – once you have that person’s I guess attention or anything, it will also – that’s going to determine how much information they’re going to take in. If you’re not making your – your training courses or your classes that little bit more interesting, then people would start to – you will lose people I guess, their concentration – you’ll just lose them and so that’s not – that’s not a very really effective – won’t be an effective outcome anyway. You certainly won’t get your outcome that you were after – that you were expecting.
Goboiano is the best place to experience anime culture. We're redefining how people see anime culture from music festivals, growing indie projects, and highlighting the best of this global community.
© 2014-2018, GoBoiano, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy.
Wearing an over sized trouser and sports bra, a pair of cargo pants with a pair of suit jackets and a trench coat…
Live like the Spaniards if you want to live a bit longer. Spain is set to become the country with the longest life expec…
When mentioning names of top prolific designers to come out of Nigeria, Mai Atafo is one not to be excluded. Born…
Wizkid took to his social media handle to celebrate Zion’s birthday. Zion is Wizkid’s third and young…
“Hormones are like music played in a beautiful but sometimes discordant symphony,” explains New York City–based holistic…
Dbanj and wife Lineo Didi have lost their son, Daniel. Daniel Oyebanjo III who turned a year last May died on Sunday aft…
Weekends are like sacred gifts from God to the working population. They give you a chance to relax, chill and cat…
Depression is a common psychological disorder which could impact daily functioning immensely. It has mental, emot…
The Kick against Rape organized by the Queen of Aso team, was held on March 11th,2017 at the International Children̵…
La Mode Magazine an award winning magazine is founded by Mrs. Sandra Odige, a Nigeria based monthly publication established in 2011. A digital and print publication known for its innovative and creative initiatives and style of publishing.
We have published over 20 editions with top notable personalities and celebrities of all works of life.
La Mode Magazine is committed to cover the fashion, lifestle and entertainment in Nigeria objectively and responsibly.
Welcome to LaMode!!! Join our ever growing community to connect with fashion entrepreneurs, make up artists, designers and more
(click on the texts for better reading - unfortunately, the reviews are only available in their original language!)
"An instant triumph! There are no words to describe the enthusiasm for the new conductor and musical director Christoph Ehrenfellner who took all the music lover's hearts by storm."
"Ehrenfellner is a mostly talented allrounder : A violinist and conductor who also wrote the music and lyrics (for the opera Mae Mona)." - Rainer Elsner, Wiener Zeitung
This is one of those readings that makes me think to myself, “OK, Jesus, but really?” This Gospel reminds me of the beatitudes in which Jesus flips the expectations, and it becomes those mourning who are blessed, the weak who will conquer, the hungry and thirsty who are the ones most blessed. So then I sit and try to find the truth in the promise.
My experience of life, even in church, is that judgement is everywhere. Our brains in many way, thrive on judgment, making countless calculations of risk and filtering through the many things passing through our awareness in the course of our day. I try to be aware of this phenomenon as it affects little things - like forgetting to smell the milk before drinking, or for that matter, checking that it’s actually milk and not heavy cream. (Yeah, that was a thing that happened.) I also try to rigorously test my presumptions and prejudices more seriously to try to see and treat others as Jesus would have me do. This effort has been a great source of humility and blessing over the years - usually in that order.
No matter how rigorous my efforts though, it hasn’t been my experience that others’ judgment has reciprocally subsided, at least not as much as I’d hope. SO perhaps I haven’t progressed as much as I would have hoped...that’s always a possibility. But, I don’t think others’ actions are all tied to our own action either. Certainly, a great many faithful Christians right now are facing great judgment, condemnation, and suffering unjustly. While I do think that when we reflect Jesus it has real effects upon how people treat us, I think something deeper is happening too. You perhaps, like me, find that injustice or mean behavior that we didn’t instigate - in ways far less serious than many of our suffering brothers and sisters - is visited on us. So what does today’s Gospel say to that?
In the face of this, I find that lessening of suffering comes not so much from the actions of others, but from a change of heart in me. A less profound truth of our times seems relevant: “haters gonna hate.” As I acknowledge this truism, this reading calls me to one of the Spiritual Works of Mercy: to bear wrongs patiently. Perhaps the promise that we will not be judged or condemned won't free us from the verdicts of the haters, but when Jesus stands with us, we aren’t subject to the sentence, or in the most extreme cases, that the sentence is not stronger than salvation.
Now looking back, I see that God was accompanying me all along. God was supporting me through this journey in smal… https://t.co/f3CMid8NMq
"Each of the three books is centered on a particular mystery – about a deathly shadow, a haunted cathedral, and a stolen jewel. Xan helps to solve these mysteries with his friends.... The three books are replete with twists and turns, which make for an action-packed story line. But there is also a great deal of subtlety, particularly in the way that the characters relate to one another and in the way that they relate to God, giving these books more depth than typical adolescent fiction." ~ CatholicMom.Com (see full review)
I'm linking up with Doodle Bugs for Five for Friday again... wow two weeks in a row?! very unlike me ;)
On Thursday, I turned 30! It's been a week of celebrating and although I am not typically one of those people who like to celebrate my birthday for the week {or even month, as some people do}, I had a memorable and exciting week! My fiancé Surprised me on Saturday, with a surprise 30th birthday with tons of friends and family! It was such a great night! On Tuesday, we had birthday cake with his family. On Thursday, my "real" birthday, my students surpassed me with these beautiful flowers and cards and my fiancé, sisters, parents, and I went out to dinner to one of my favorite restaurants!
I read Kelley's recent post from The Teacher Idea Factory, about how she used GoNoodle for "brain breaks" and I thought I would give it a try, since her class seems to really enjoy it! Needless to say, I was not shocked when my students came in the rest of the week, asking if they were going to have another brain break, after we tried it out on Monday! I worked in a break break activity once a day this week, and will continue to do so for the remainder of the school year, because it really does help the children get some energy out :) Thank you Kelley for sharing!
This week, we have been working on teen numbers in math stations. This week students played number bingo, played Purrr...fectly Fast Teen Numbers, and traced and colored a "number giraffe".
My pre-kers have really enjoyed "write the room" and this week I introduced another option, which is to survey their classmates with a "Do you like...?" activity. Students really enjoyed walking around the classroom and asking their friends if they liked a certain movie, food, game, sport, etc and then recording their friends names by using the name tags or the word wall. How do you get your young learners excited about writing?
On Thursday, students viewed the video, Curious Cat- How Paper is Made, and then we discussed the long process of creating paper and the importance of recycling it. Students have been recycling paper and plastic bottles in our class and now have a better understanding of why it is so important to do so.
Sounds like a full week. Kids do love their breaks to be active. Looks like you are laying background work for Earth Day. You go!
Happy Birthday! I found you through Five for Friday. (I did 2 weeks in a row, too!) I'll have to check out GoNoodle for brain breaks. I'm always looking for new brain breaks!
I saw the post about GoNoodle too. I signed up for free. My kids love it too. They can't get enough of Happy! We've been taking a brain break all year right after lunch before we get math class started. I thinkit really helps.
I love to chat! Thanks again for taking time to comment! It means so much to me!! In order for me to reply by email (so we can communicate back and forth), make sure you are NOT a no-reply blogger or leave me your email address! Tty soon!
I would like to introduce to you, this beautiful princess Dané Strydom. She is a one year old little girl that has been struggling with multiple hospital visits, sleepless nights, a lot of tears, viscous meningitis, all because of a unknowingly dangerous little hole in her back. Her mom and dad, some of you may know as your dear friends or family, Davey and Corné Strydom. Amazing people and amazing parents, they have had an extremely trumatic experience within their family. They have been trying very hard to stay ahead of all of these medical bills, hospital visit and add on payments that they had to make towards the medical aid because she is constantly in need of treatments such as scans, etc and the med aid only covers some of it. Business and income has been standing very still as Dave and Corné has been devoting to being in the hospital with little Dané. She began to experience severe strain/ some pressure on her brain. She gets a Lumber Punch every day. She got a little drain on July 15, 2017, so she could reduce the pressure. She had to undergo surgery to tie the gap in her back. This was only be possible once the virus was set and cleaned. We ask you to keep the family in your prayers. She just recently got out of a major surgery and she is now stable. As you can imagine, all the bills are starting to pile up severely. I know that there are a lot of helpful souls out there who are willing to donate something to this cause. Honestly anything helps! Thank you God bless. Let's get them where they need to be folks!!
Ek wil graag vir Dané aan jou voorstel , hierdie pragtige prinses wat sukkel met verskeie hospitaalbesoeke, slaaplose nagte, baie trane, breinvliesonsteking, alles as gevolg van 'n onbewuste gevaarlike klein gaatjie in haar rug. Haar ma en pa, sommige van julle ken hulle as baie goeie vriende of familie, Davey en Corné Strydom,amazing mense en amazing ouers. Hulle het 'n uiterse trumatiese ervaring in hul familie asgevolg van hierdie situasie. Hulle probeer baie hard om voor te bly met al hierdie mediese rekeninge, hospitaalbesoeke by te dra op betalings wat hulle moes maak vir Dané se operasies en natuurlik die mediese fonds vir hul klein prinses wat ongelukkig nie al die scans en prosedures dek nie. Besigede en inkomste is op ń stilstaan omdat Dave en Corné al hulle tyd aan Dané toegewei het. Sy het erge drukking op haar breintjie begin ervaar. Sy kry sover elke dag ñ Lumber Punch. Sy het 15 Julie 2017 ñ dreintjie in haar koppie gekry sodat hulle daardeur die drukking kan verminder. Sy moes n operasie ondergaan om die gatjie in haar rug af te bind. Sy kon dit eers kry nadat die virustelling af en skoon was. Ons vra julle hou asb die gesin in julle gebede. Ek sal meer updates en fotos post soos ek dit ontvang! Ek weet dat daar baie hulpvaardige mense is wat bereid is om iets hiervoor te skenk. Eerlik enigiets help, op hierdie stadium probeer hulle die rekeninge van die scans en opkomende opersasie te dek. Baie dankie, God bless. Kom ons werk as ń span om hulle te ondersteun!
The doctor today did a check up again, giving her some valium because her little arms are super stiff. This causes her to sleep a lot. She is very calm, all her stats look pretty good but she is very unresponsive. Her tube feeding tube was moved from her nose directly to her stomach and it’s hard for her little body to digest food. Dané's progress is very slow but it looks a bit better every now and then. Please continue to donate and help her family with all of these medical bills that they have to pay. They have been with her as much as they can and commuting with their little son in and out of town is so hard. We will keep updating as soon as we hear more.
Davey and Corné decided to do the operation. Danétjie started breathing again at times. We pray that it is the swelling on her ventricles that is starting to go down. In which this means the operation did not have to be done but that was not the case. Things continued to worsen and the Neurosurgeon did a check up again and wanted to do CT scan again before he did the operation and he decided that it was necessary as soon as possible. He ordered a special robot-guided device, (stealth scanner) This will lead him to the exact location in the brain where drainage must take place.
Good news today , Dane opened her eyes after the surgery she had. Our campaign reached $ 180 and surpassed requirements for being listed publicly on this page.
David and Corne needs all the help they can get . It would be great if you can help share this page or link to as many people as possible .This family is going through a very difficult time , and medical bills are piling up.
The doctor today did a check up again, giving her some valium because her little arms are super stiff. This causes her to sleep a lot. She is very calm, all her stats look pretty good but she is very unresponsive. Her tube feeding tube was moved from…
'; } if (xmlhttp.readyState==4 && xmlhttp.status==200) { if ( xmlhttp.responseText=='Please login'){ document.getElementById(msg_status_id).innerHTML = "Please register or login before posting";	} else if ( xmlhttp.responseText=='flagerror'){ document.getElementById(msg_status_id).innerHTML = "
";	}	else{	jbr(msgarea_id).val(''); document.getElementById(msg_status_id).innerHTML = '' ;	document.getElementById(comments_section_id).innerHTML += xmlhttp.responseText ; } } } xmlhttp.open("POST","https://gogetfunding.com/wp-content/themes/ggf/fpage/fajx.php",true); xmlhttp.setRequestHeader("Content-type","application/x-www-form-urlencoded"); pre = 5277987; if (pre!=''){ messagearea = messagearea.replace(/"/g, """).replace(/'/g, "’"); xmlhttp.send( "messagearea=" + encodeURIComponent(messagearea) + "&step=add_blog_msg_comment" + "&pre=" + pre ); } } function delete_blogpost(blogpre){ var r = confirm("Do you want to delete this campaign update ?"); if (r == true) { } else { return; } var blogpost_id = 'blog' + blogpre; if (window.XMLHttpRequest) {// code for IE7+, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari xmlhttp=new XMLHttpRequest(); } else {// code for IE6, IE5 xmlhttp=new ActiveXObject("Microsoft.XMLHTTP"); } xmlhttp.onreadystatechange=function() { if (xmlhttp.readyState==0){ document.getElementById(comment_status_id).innerHTML = '
I am the elder of all four brothers in my family. My father is a school teacher. Many of his dreams come with us. But our father's salary is less than that which can not be spent on the expenses of our family and education. If you give me the. . . . .
I am the elder of all four brothers in my family. My father is a school teacher. Many of his dreams come with us. But our father's salary is less than that which can not be spent on the expenses of our family and education. If you give me the money for study, the remaining three brothers can not afford to study for the forest. I grew up and could not believe it. I have now been admitted to the computer science and engineering subject. But I need a lot of money to lose my emotions that I can not afford. If you help me, then I will be able to finish my education and my brothers will also be able to study well and my parents will be able to fulfill their dreams.
";	}	else{	jbr(msgarea_id).val(''); document.getElementById(msg_status_id).innerHTML = '' ;	document.getElementById(comments_section_id).innerHTML += xmlhttp.responseText ; } } } xmlhttp.open("POST","https://gogetfunding.com/wp-content/themes/ggf/fpage/fajx.php",true); xmlhttp.setRequestHeader("Content-type","application/x-www-form-urlencoded"); pre = 5788841; if (pre!=''){ messagearea = messagearea.replace(/"/g, """).replace(/'/g, "’"); xmlhttp.send( "messagearea=" + encodeURIComponent(messagearea) + "&step=add_blog_msg_comment" + "&pre=" + pre ); } } function delete_blogpost(blogpre){ var r = confirm("Do you want to delete this campaign update ?"); if (r == true) { } else { return; } var blogpost_id = 'blog' + blogpre; if (window.XMLHttpRequest) {// code for IE7+, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari xmlhttp=new XMLHttpRequest(); } else {// code for IE6, IE5 xmlhttp=new ActiveXObject("Microsoft.XMLHTTP"); } xmlhttp.onreadystatechange=function() { if (xmlhttp.readyState==0){ document.getElementById(comment_status_id).innerHTML = '
Welcome to the fundraiser where you get to interview the beneficiary! (Of sorts. Hopefully I’ll have answered some of your questions relating to this.) I don’t have the time to read everything you wrote. What are you saying? Very well, let me sum things up.I love the Lord Jesus and. . . . .
Welcome to the fundraiser where you get to interview the beneficiary! (Of sorts. Hopefully I’ll have answered some of your questions relating to this.)
I love the Lord Jesus and want to talk about Him to everyone. I also reckon the Church is globally in need of revival, in need of being called to faithfulness to Christ, which will have as a side effect her fighting for justice.
I want to do this by any means possible. This is the only kind of work I’m called to do. I’m spoiled for anything else, literally. Between this, volunteering for a whole lot of causes that would get us to this effect, along with campaigning for justice in many other domains, there is nothing else I’d rather do.
However, I’m in debt and need to pay for next month’s rent along with other expenses too, because I got prematurely cut off from the source of funding that I used to have.
I’m trying to put something in place that can constitute more long-term support, but for now I need help to tide over this.
(More support — an additional 2175€ — would be lovely, but it’s the 3000€ of debt and rental and expenses that’s most urgent.)
If we get to the 3000€ goal, I promise to get lyre recordings of hymns and Christmas carols done soon (I can currently play 16 hymns and 6 carols on lyre, plus a medley of 3 carols), and sent out to people. As a matter of fact, contrary to what I posted earlier, I think I can get them done by October at the absolute latest.
The calling on my life is to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ in the land I’m in. This is what I was called to do. People don’t see it, particularly since they do not see how there is so much blindness in the land (Deborah judged Israel! But the circumstances had been extreme then, and are almost just about as extreme now). The work is going to be long and difficult, but I know I must do this.
And I want to by any means possible ― tracts, websites, anything and everything there is at my disposal!
As such I have been volunteering for missions that are more in line with the Truth, but they are not for profit and don’t pay a cent. Those that do pay their missionaries from donor funds… so far I have not found one that is not apostate to some degree. Not even the ministry that taught me first-level exegesis via the OIA method. … and I say that with a very heavy heart.
I genuinely have no desire to do any other kind of work. This is the claim placed on my life. I can do no other.
Before I got prematurely cut off from the support source I did have, however, I had racked up some credit card expenses for July. That, coupled with the debt I currently have along with rent for August, adds up to roughly 3000€. I need this sum by the 28th of July, otherwise I could face eviction. So here I am, asking for help when I would otherwise rather not.
There is a handful of initiatives I plan to put in place that will constitute a constant source of support. I’m working on them. Getting Patreon patronage up to speed for an unknown like me, however, is quite another matter. I think I might be able to get fully funded on that front within 3 months. I don’t know for sure; that’s just an estimate. But even then I’ll have put in enough to constitute relatively stable sources of constant support.
Until then, if we estimate that I need 725€ per month to live on, that adds up to another 2175€ for 3 months.
And you know what, if we get to the target amount I plan to give back by sending free public domain hymn recordings on lyre to every contributor (please drop me an email at [email protected] to tell me of your name and the amount). The details of this are in the Rewards section of this campaign (it’s the first thing you’ll have seen to the right).
Currently I can play 16 hymns and 6 Christmas carols without there being any form of tricky accommodation I need to make, plus a special medley of 3 of the Christmas carols. I will do everything I can to get these to you by December 2017 (signed CDs included — meaning the recordings will themselves have to be done by October). All downloads will be in MP3 format, and will be professionally mastered.
Apologies to one and all who have already taken a gander here. Sometimes reality just catches up to you and it just did so again for me.
You see, not only am I spoiled for anything except missions work ― I’m also one who was burnt out since November 2015 and who has only been ploughing on through entering a certain kind of workaholic mode. I’m not sure I can actually go further with starting any of the initiatives I meant to put into place.
If you’e contributed anything here already, I’ll still do my best to get the recordings out. If not, I’m not going to do any more. I do need to take care of myself, too. It’s not just the world that needs saving.
The needs do still exist, but I think I’m just going to launch another campaign that will more accurately reflect the state I’m in.
5 random free lyre recordings including 4 hymns and 1 carol, ONLY IF WE GET TO 3000€ BY THE 28TH OF JULY
";	}	else{	jbr(msgarea_id).val(''); document.getElementById(msg_status_id).innerHTML = '' ;	document.getElementById(comments_section_id).innerHTML += xmlhttp.responseText ; } } } xmlhttp.open("POST","https://gogetfunding.com/wp-content/themes/ggf/fpage/fajx.php",true); xmlhttp.setRequestHeader("Content-type","application/x-www-form-urlencoded"); pre = 5281277; if (pre!=''){ messagearea = messagearea.replace(/"/g, """).replace(/'/g, "’"); xmlhttp.send( "messagearea=" + encodeURIComponent(messagearea) + "&step=add_blog_msg_comment" + "&pre=" + pre ); } } function delete_blogpost(blogpre){ var r = confirm("Do you want to delete this campaign update ?"); if (r == true) { } else { return; } var blogpost_id = 'blog' + blogpre; if (window.XMLHttpRequest) {// code for IE7+, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari xmlhttp=new XMLHttpRequest(); } else {// code for IE6, IE5 xmlhttp=new ActiveXObject("Microsoft.XMLHTTP"); } xmlhttp.onreadystatechange=function() { if (xmlhttp.readyState==0){ document.getElementById(comment_status_id).innerHTML = '
CHALLENGE I heve taken the challenge to teach everyone to go home who need to live life. Rural Areas of India it is not feasible to provide Basic education in these areas. because of (1) Lack of Infrastructure (2)Building , furniture and Computing Resourses. (3) Poor Power Supply (3) Lack. . . . .
(3) Lack of Skilled Man-Power. The Project will benefit students, farmers and civilians to gain computer literacy and knowledge.
Under this programme, we arrange a mobile class lab equipped with only 5 laptops & Projector with data connection. Two qualified teachers Podmeswar Bora, Pranjal Das and me in rural areas in Hojai, Lanka, Karbi Anglong, etc. etc. District and teach basics of computers and internet to class eight and above students. We are already reached out to 1700 children of 16 Village and rural areas , High Schools in the last two years.
The teachers take an hour-long daily class for two batches in each school / village over a fortnight and conduct daily tests to assess their learning progress.
If I get needed money for my Projectthen I will no longer need any more funding for my project any more.
I am a social workar. I like to help those people who are leiving rural areas, they are not able to take any help from Others & Govt.
You'll essentially get your own fundraising page dedicated to campaign 'Skill Education to the Rural Poor Children' and all funds raised will go directly to PRANAB MALAKAR.
You'll have your own unique link that you can share, and PRANAB MALAKAR can see just how much you've helped. Your campaign will also be showcased from the main campaign.
It takes just minutes to create and you can start accepting donations right away! Get started now...
CHALLENGE I heve taken the challenge to teach everyone to go home who need to live life. Rural Areas of India it is not feasible to provide Basic education in these areas. because of (1) Lack of Infrastructure (2)Building , furniture and Comput…
";	}	else{	jbr(msgarea_id).val(''); document.getElementById(msg_status_id).innerHTML = '' ;	document.getElementById(comments_section_id).innerHTML += xmlhttp.responseText ; } } } xmlhttp.open("POST","https://gogetfunding.com/wp-content/themes/ggf/fpage/fajx.php",true); xmlhttp.setRequestHeader("Content-type","application/x-www-form-urlencoded"); pre = 5800318; if (pre!=''){ messagearea = messagearea.replace(/"/g, """).replace(/'/g, "’"); xmlhttp.send( "messagearea=" + encodeURIComponent(messagearea) + "&step=add_blog_msg_comment" + "&pre=" + pre ); } } function delete_blogpost(blogpre){ var r = confirm("Do you want to delete this campaign update ?"); if (r == true) { } else { return; } var blogpost_id = 'blog' + blogpre; if (window.XMLHttpRequest) {// code for IE7+, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari xmlhttp=new XMLHttpRequest(); } else {// code for IE6, IE5 xmlhttp=new ActiveXObject("Microsoft.XMLHTTP"); } xmlhttp.onreadystatechange=function() { if (xmlhttp.readyState==0){ document.getElementById(comment_status_id).innerHTML = '
Weight is often at the forefront of a cyclist’s mind. Some get into cycling to lose weight and others need to maintain a certain power to weight ratio to stay competitive in the sport. And then there are those of us who enjoyed one too many coffee and croissant stops in the off-season and need to get things dialed in. Whatever your reason, here are a few tried and true ways for how to lose weight cycling, plus a couple of lesser-known weight loss hacks to speed up the process.
Pro riders know all the tricks for how to lose weight cycling and this tip is one they use often. One of the best times to burn fat is in the morning, when your body is already in a fasted state from sleeping. As your body repairs itself at night, it slowly burns through its glucose reserves, making it easier to tap into stored fat. When you begin to take it fuel, especially carbohydrates, this shifts the balance and the body returns to preferring glucose. Unless it’s a short or easy recovery day, do this workout in addition to your training ride, as you don’t want to deplete your fuel when you’re trying to build fitness.
Try it: Without eating anything (black coffee is fine), get up and either do 20-30 minutes of intervals or a steady state ride. Not only will this wake you up, but it will also accelerate fat burning.
Hack it: Aim to fast for 12 hours before this ride to increase the fat-burning benefits. Since you’re already sleeping for 8 hours, this shouldn’t feel too taxing.
There’s a reason why sprinting is so much fun: It torches fat. One study in the Journal of Applied Physiology observed that a cyclists’ fat burning ability increased by 36% by repeating alternate day interval training for two weeks. It turns out that going all out in the big ring for 30 second sprint efforts shoots human growth hormone through the roof (yes, the same stuff people dope with for big gains). Increased HGH burns fat and promotes lean tissue.
Try it: Inside or out, add in some all out sprints and difficult efforts to your training. For fast fitness and fat burning, avoid being a one-speed rider.
Hack it: Add a power meter to your program so you can begin to monitor performance gains. Research shows that people are more likely to stick to their weight-loss goals if they focus on a performance goal instead.
Везде Встраиваемая техника Крупная бытовая техника Тренажеры Садовая техника Климатическая техника Силовая техника Сантехника Детские товары Техника для дома Мелкая бытовая техника Инструменты Свет Строительное оборудование Все для домашних кинотеатров Автотовары Мебель Шины Аудиотехника Все для дачи и отдыха Всё для нового года Спортивные товары Хобби Телевизоры и видеотехника Системы отопления и водоснабжения Lego
sirsmileriiii wrote: I do wonder which is the real problem about Sean on this forum. Is it the way he left, or is it simply the fact that he's now scoring goals for another team that people don't like.
He wanted to better himself and play at a higher level, and now he's been given that chance. Maybe he realised that the club wouldn't get promotion as easily when we moved into the Northern Prem, and what amount were people expecting the club to get for him if they think 1k is not enough
After all, if we get drawn against Worcester in a cup I bet nobody would shout out "Stour Reject" when his name is mentioned in the team line-up.
Not quite sure where you've managed to grasp most of that from Smiler. No-one would call him a Stour reject because everyone if they could, would still have him here. Is Sean scoring goals for Worcester bittersweet? Obviously.
Maybe I could have written that post a bit better. As what I was trying to say was if people are happy that he's doing well since moving to Worcester, then why all the comments on here moaning about is departure. After all a player isn't committed to one club for all of his career, he does have the choice to move if he wants to. So surely we should just except the fact that he's gone and move on, there is no point dwelling on the past.
Yes he is a great loss to the club, but moaning on here isn't going to get him back. And no I certainly wouldn't call him a "Stour Reject" either, nor would I expect anyone else to do so.
Worth mentioning the other side of the story though - I spoke to a club official last week who expressed frustration that people 'have a pop' on here and don't say anything to the club. He said it's rare people go to the 150 club and chat to the management team and the committee despite being well advertised.
The trouble is it gives the impression of being in such a haphazard manner that people don't come along - especially for those living outside the town. "Pop along, ask a question and leave" seems to be the case at the moment, at least that's how I see it.
If they were hold some sort of organised and more formalised "forum night" with a set time (7pm - 9pm for example) and a sort of panel format then maybe they'd get a bit more interest.
Remember about 6 years ago when I attempted to re-establish a fully functioning supporters club to deal with such manners and have a weekly forum after training on a Thursday night. This was soon shot down by club officials who just rattled on about having to change constitutions and such like. The fact is we haven't had a proper subscribed Supporters Club now since the Midland Alliance days , over 8 years ago.
For a club of Stour's stature and standing in the community now, this is a sad state of affairs. This again highlights the question of if the club really wants any real interaction with supporters? If the club officials want to prevent 'moaning' and speculation on the forum I really think that the club should make themselves more accessible to the wider fan base. All this could be done very easily IF they wanted to do so.
Over the last few years it has become much more of a 'them and us' situation. The club certainly don't help themselves in that respect. I suppose the club will argue that it's down to being more 'professionally' run but at the end of the day we are a small non-league outfit, not bloody Manchester United. What helped the club's rise over the past 8 years more than anything has been the close knit feel and the bond between officials,staff/players/fans. I just think now the club are shooting themselves in the foot by trying to be too professional in their approach to dealing with news,information,press releases,etc. It has a feel of the select few knowing everything and everyone else feeding off scraps of gossip and speculation,which is where and why all the moaning, gossiping and criticising starts in the first place! It could quite easily be so different.
This article isn't meant as a criticism of any individual/s, it's purely an opinion and observation. I know I haven't been a regular over the last 12 months but I still love this club so much and would hate to see all the progress made over the last 10 years go down the drain.
They actually showed Sean's goal that he scored in the FA Trophy on Saturday on Midlands Today this evening. What a strike, chipped defence and keeper at pace from right hand corner of penalty area with outside of his right foot. Nick Owen was nearly making a mess in his pants at the sight of it!
Worcester have won 3-0 away at Hyde tonight. They are on a great run. Sean not on scoresheet tonight though.
Nath wrote: Worcester have won 3-0 away at Hyde tonight. They are on a great run. Sean not on scoresheet tonight though.
Sean Geddes' goal now on Who Ate All The Pies site which goes to show how good it is. Good to see Sean at last Tuesday nights game.
Please can we all move on now. He has left and we have moved on. There's little evidence to suggest our form would be better with Sean at the current time.
The only reason people are posting about Sean Geddes in this section of the forum is because this is where the Sean Geddes thread is! Like it or not, thanks to his recent exploits, Sean Geddes is still topical so people are going to be interested in him and wanting to talk about him. It's not our fault the thread is where it is!
Well done to Sean for scoring the equaliser and his two penalties in the shoot out,his goal was superb yet again.
Devil's Advocate wrote: A great effort by Worcester City tonight but alas a 14-13 defeat on penalties.
Why don't you guys go and support Worcester then, or join the Worcester forum if you want to analyse his performances every week for Worcester?
glassboypaul wrote: Why don't you guys go and support Worcester then, or join the Worcester forum if you want to analyse his performances every week for Worcester?
I was merely congratulating Sean and wishing him well,there was absolutely NOTHING in my post having a dig at past events if you bothered to read it properly and Tricky was only being sarky.
It's more of a pity on here that the odd poster can't help but just come on to "dig out" other people,you do it all the time.
Yes I was there (unlike Rasam!). I never made any comment on whether anyone was having a dig or not - not interested or bothered by that - but it is concerning we haven't moved on and keep posting about Sean (whether it's a wind up, a dig, or genuine congratulations to him, I think it's high time we moved on), and some only seem to come on here for a moan or a wind up. The lack of posts after a win is worrying.
Jessica Simpson now includes a line of women's clothing, shoes and handbags. Don't you love the fashionable styles of the Jessica Simpson Collection women clothing and shoes? Treat yourself to your favorite Jessica Simpson Collection shoes and fashion by browsing from your favorite selection of sellers from Shopping.com. Jessica Simpson collection has shoe styles for those who love to stand tall in the highest stacked platforms, to comfortable, stylish flats for comfort. You can also get wedgies, boots, and even styles for your little girls. Looking at the large variety of shoe styles available from the Jessica Simpson Collection shoes, it seems that she has covered style options for everyone. With styles suitable for wearing to church, to partying the night away, and for taking long...
Jessica Simpson now includes a line of women's clothing, shoes and handbags. Don't you love the fashionable styles of the Jessica Simpson Collection women clothing and shoes? Treat yourself to your favorite Jessica Simpson Collection shoes and fashion by browsing from your favorite selection of sellers from Shopping.com. Jessica Simpson collection has shoe styles for those who love to stand tall in the highest stacked platforms, to comfortable, stylish flats for comfort. You can also get wedgies, boots, and even styles for your little girls. Looking at the large variety of shoe styles available from the Jessica Simpson Collection shoes, it seems that she has covered style options for everyone. With styles suitable for wearing to church, to partying the night away, and for taking long walks, Jessica Simpson has shoes to cover it all. For those who feel that their wardrobe isn't complete without a stylish handbag, Jessica Simpson has you covered. From the Jessica Simpson collection handbags, there are styles that can accessorize any outfit that you own. Whether dressy or casual, jeans or evening wear, you can find a handbag from the Jessica Simpson collection handbags that will go with whatever you choose to wear. From large totes, to clutches, to stylish purses, you are sure to find whatever you need. From fun and flirty, to suitable to wear to the office, Jessica Simpson collection dresses are designed with every occasion in mind. Whether you like solid colors, fun florals, animal prints or dresses with strapless or one-shoulder styling, Jessica Simpson has your style. Whether you prefer your length to be short, medium or down-to-the-floor long, you can find your style from the Jessica Simpson collection dresses. Besides her famous dresses, Jessica Simpson's line includes various other women's fashions. She has a line of cute tops, from cropped styles to flirty, flowing styles with many colors and designs. The tops from the Jessica Simpson collection women clothing can pair with any pair of jeans from her collection. Her jeans collection includes, low rise, boot cut, skinny jeans, cargo and capri styles. Jessica Simpson aims to keep her fashions' quality high, but the price affordable for the average family budget. If you are looking for items from the Jessica Simpson collection women's shoes and clothing, you have come to the right place. Start browsing your favorite selection of Jessica Simpson collection shoes or clothing from sellers at Shopping.com.
The Glasshous team is as diverse as you are. We’re friendly people who live and work across the United States. We come from many different backgrounds with one common goal in mind–to deliver the best experience for online smoke and vape accessory shopping.
Thank you Jo-Anne for helping me find peace, happiness, hope and the ability to retrain the way I think and the way I react to situations. Thank you for doing it in such a way that for the rest of my life I can use my new “key”, my new tools to reshape my mental patterns and carry out a great life!
We just wanted to send you a BIG THANK YOU for guiding us through our relationship issues last year. We are doing so much better together and we have both seen large improvements and changes in our behaviour. We are very happy together and we feel very connected to ourselves and each other. You are such a great inspiration. We were very lucky that you were the one to help us out through our difficult journey.
Jo-Anne has provided my patients with excellent care in the area of couples therapy and with individuals.
I would recommend Jo-Anne highly. She is a knowledgeable, effective and professional psychotherapist. My patients are most grateful.
I loved Jo-Anne’s presentation on Sleep. She is enlightening and makes the information easy to understand. Its just a fun way to learn new concepts and its made me a believer that I can sleep when I follow her Five Steps to Sleep.
I guess I have been seeing you for four years or more…..and in my personal life seen the bottom of my hell, and with your help found a way to figure out who I am, and what I really don’t want and what I really do. I have been able to make my life greater, and bigger – bigger than I ever thought possible. I find happiness in every day, and I laugh all the time now. I have let go of fears, and embraced courage going forward into the unknown. And I can happily say, after much hardship, heartb…
Just wanted to let you know you’re appreciated. Your knowledge and ability to share with the TELUS team members is an inspiration to us all. Once again, thank you so very much for returning to TELUS. Your topic on “Dealing with Difficult Conversations” at today’s Connections Lunch & Learn is invaluable. There are some good tools and tips that we can all put to use right away.
I wanted to drop you a note and thank you for all the assistance you have provided me over the years. Truthfully I don’t know where to start! When I came to you I was dealing with many issues that were severely effecting my health, happiness and career. With your guidance and assistance, I have managed to completely turn things around. I am so much more at peace with myself; my personal life is great and my career has never been more focused and successful. I am very happy now in no …
I am super excited to announce some new class offerings this spring at Always in Stitches in Noblesville, IN and this summer at the Westfield Parks and Recreation Department in Westfield, IN. If you have wondered about what Cotton Theory is all about, I hope you’ll join us, meet some new quilty friends, and just have some fun sewing.
Up first is Cotton Theory 101 at Always in Stitches. This is a very large, yet friendly quilt shop in Noblesville, IN. They also feature a large yarn and knitting area. It is worth a road trip if you have not yet visited. In Cotton Theory 101, held on two Wednesdays, April 15 and 29 from 1 – 4pm, you will make a 10″ x 10″ Candle Mat. You only need to supply 2 fat quarters and 1/8 yd of fabric for the binding. I will provide the Cotton Theory Book 2, a comprehensive book which has the pattern in it along with many other projects, as well as the Cotton Theory method general instructions so you will be able to refer to them later. It is a wonderful reference book!
In May (12th and 19th, 10 – noon) and June (17th and 24th, 10 – noon) I will be teaching Cotton Theory 101 for the Westfield Parks and Rec Department in their downtown Westfield, IN facility. For this class I will be providing a pre cut fabric and batting kit for the Candle Mat project. Several fabric color options will be available.
In July (8th and 22nd, from 1-4pm) and August (3rd and 17th from 1-4pm, I will be teaching Cotton Theory 102 for the Westfield Parks and Rec Department in their downtown Westfield, IN facility. The project for Cotton Theory 102 is the Button Back Table Runner. Make this completely reversible Button Back Runner to adorn your own table or give as a gift. Easily customizable by you – you decide if you want an embroidery design in the center, a panel or focus fabric, or simply quilted. After this class you will take away a total of 9 hours of instruction. If you are an experienced quilter, you may begin with this class and skip CT 101.
Cotton Theory 101, Introduction to Cotton Theory, is scheduled for Monday, Feb. 9 and 23, mornings (10 am – noon) or evenings (6 pm – 8pm). This class consists of two 2 hour classes and is a good starting point for those either new to sewing or quilting or those having some experience. You will learn what Cotton Theory is all about and will be provided with a precut kit (choice of colors) for your convenience. Our project will be a 10″ x 10″ Candle Mat.
The agent Academic Press represents an entity (e.g. person, organization, etc.) associated with resources found in Lancaster Veterans Memorial Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Lancaster Veterans Memorial Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The focus of our worship team is not to be worship leaders, but to be lead worshippers. Our prayer is that everyone present at a service, especially members of the worship team, would be focused on responding to our great and awesome God. This should be the focus of our lives. Sunday mornings become a time of corporate celebration of the God who has revealed himself to us generally in his creation and specially through his Word.
May the Holy Spirit work in our hearts that our worship would be sincere, joyful, and pleasing to God.
For a variety of reasons, the membership of our worship team can change and open opportunities to involve new people. We give thanks to the Lord, for he has been faithful in meeting our every need. Worship provides us with an opportunity to respond to God’s grace and mercy. Whether our praise is expressed through songs, readings, prayers, or the faithful preaching of God’s Word, our desire is that God would be glorified and the Lord Jesus Christ exalted in our midst.
Through a written application, audition, and interview, the members of the Worship Ministry Team (WMT) will be better able to prayerfully assess your level of musical competence and overall readiness to participate as a member of the Immanuel Church Worship Team.
**Due to available space, we have extended the registration deadlines for some of our workshops! See below for details.**
The workshops have been built with two target audiences in mind: the employer community (business, employers, non-profit sector, etc), and the community at large. Click here for the registration form!
They are intended to raise awareness and increase the recruitment, retention and inclusion of immigrants within the local labour market by providing employers with the resources to successfully employ new immigrants.
WCP Employer Workshops Stream which will include 2 workshop series providing information to supervisors, HR reps, managers, ED/CEO/etc based on the following target audiences:
WCP Community Workshop Stream looks at bringing together all members of the community to network and raise awareness across cultures.
Click here for the registration form! Registration HAS BEEN EXTENDED FOR SOME WORKSHOPS! The Community Engagement and second Employer Series Workshop registration will be open until November 8th.
Moving to a new country is a challenging transition and we at Kamloops Immigrant Services acknowledge those efforts. Please help us welcome newcomers to Canada with a donation today.
I actually found out about this single in 2009 and posted about it on the old forum early 2010 (see: https://web.archive.org/web/20100211171 ... 1264948892" onclick="window.open(this.href);return false;). But the other day I found that link and decided to post it again because a lot of people might have never heard about it. Also in 2009 I corresponded with a music researcher called Al Turner who wrote a complete article about the 4Star OP (stands for Other People) custom series in American Music Magazine (Nr. 86, December 2000) of which I have a copy. It contains a complete discography with dating based on either BMI copyright registration dates and / or Billboard Magazine review dates if available. The single that was released just before Dick Bills' single, A Mansion Without Love (OP-314) / I Married Another (To Forget You) (OP-315) by Ernie Oleachea & His Blue Mountain Boys (OP-196) has a BMI registration date of June 26, 1954. That is where the date of 1954 comes from. The OP-series started around 1950 and continued until 1961. So some of those records were probably 78s but later ones where no doubt 45s. I will see if I can contact Al Turner again to ask him.
Now as to the question if Glen is playing guitar on "Beggars Can't Be Choosers", there is no way to say for sure. But, in my humble opinion, 1954 does fit the timeline perfectly. Glen I think started with Dick Bills in either 1953 or 1954. (I will share the timeline of Glen's early career I have been working on for the last few years in another post). Then the question becomes... does the solo guitar SOUND like Glen? Well in the end that's up to everyone individually. My old penpal, the late Richard Price, who researched Glen's music for most of this adult life, put it like this:
I went back and listened to both tracks again. I do think it could be Glen on "Beggars." The "noodling around" during the verses does sound like him. Oddly enough, the solo part in the bridge doesn't sound like him to my ears.
So that seems a nice conclusion to me: a definite maybe. But I am very curious to hear what all the other members think about it! Do you think it's Glen or not?
Another reply from my DJ friend and quite interesting--wanted to pass this onto all of you about Dick Bills:
Because the record has the matrix code OP- that’s a clue that it was a 4-Star Records custom press, something an individual had the 4-Star plant out in California press up for them. If you can find other indie records that have adjacent numbers, you might be able to get closer to a date. (A real date for those that want it).
There is a site where you can search labels - perhaps looking for little labels from California, looking at the label pix and seeing if there is an OP- code on the record.
As you can see, this record by Jimmy & Duane is from June of 1955, and bears the number OP-356 That’s after yours so I would guess that the 78 is earlier that year or perhaps 1954.
The record is not posted but this is his email once again. I thanked him for his help--I know him 40 plus years!
If you and others like Dick Bills--this one is on ebay--Glen is not on here, but it is nice to have!
(The CD can still be purchased on various marketplaces online. Occasionally, the vinyl LP shows up, too!)
The DJ friend of mine just emailed me so will post what he said--remember it's just his research like mine. Because he is in the Dallas area, he and I were able to chat on the phone. I wanted his opinion on this record so I value what he said and wanted to pass it onto you. Below is what he emailed me!
I’ve never seen this one, but if its a 78rpm, which it appears to be, it would be mid ’57 or prior and can't find anything to back up that "Glen Campbell" is on here!
Can’t find anything on this release anywhere. If it came from a Forum, sometimes they are not accurate, just my opinion. Glad to hear from you-interesting record-my opinion-"No Glen on here, as it's a little to early by a year or two."
Not quite sure that is Glen Campbell- and I even listened to it----In doing some research, there are many places that say it could be, and that is only because Glen is the nephew of Dick Bills. Other sources disagree as they claim that 1954-55 is too early. My 45's date back to 1958-59 and are signed by Glen. I emailed my DJ guy here in the Dallas area. I am hoping for a reply and if he does, I will post it for sure. One way or the other, we will know! If Glen was on an early recording, like that and that would make him 17-18 years old, they used Glen for background guitar only but have to remember, they didn't release it! Thanks for the post--interesting!
There is a lot of say about Glen's time with Dick Bills. But I think this is the first recording ever with Glen playing, a single by Dick Bills and his Arizona Drifters called "Beggars Can't Be Choosers" (released June 1954 on the 4Star custom label Vicki (named after Dick Bills' daughter)). The lead guitar licks weaved in between the verses certainly sounds like it could be a young Glen.
Direxion Shares ETF Trust Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X Shares (ARCA:JNUG), a USD$0.00 small-cap, is a capital market firm operating in an industry, which has recentlyRead More...
Stock quote for Direxion Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X Shares Common Stock (NUGT) with real-time last sale and extended hours stock prices, company news, charts, and research at Nasdaq.
Investment Objective. The investment seeks daily investment results- before fees and expenses- of 300% of the daily performance of the NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index.
Direxion Daily Gold Miners Bull 3X Shares charts including real time and historical prices, technical indicators and drawing tools.
The investment seeks daily investment results- before fees and expenses- of 300% of the daily performance of the MVIS Global Junior Gold Miners Index. The fund invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus borrowing for investment purposes) in securities of the index- ETFs that track the index and ...
This ETF offers 3x daily long leverage to the Energy Select Sector Index, making it a powerful tool for investors with a bullish short-term outlook for the broad energy market.
The investment objective of the Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Bull 3X Shares ETF seeks daily investment results of 300% of the performance of the Market Vectors Junior Gold Miners Index.
3x Exchange Traded Funds. 3x ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds) An exchange-traded fund, or ETF, is an investment product representing a basket of securities that track an index such as the Standard & Poor's 500 Index.
Investment Objective. The investment seeks daily investment results- before fees and expenses- of 300% of the daily performance of the MVIS Global Junior Gold Miners
The Daily Gold Miners Bull & Bear 3X ETFs seek daily investment results of +300% or -300% of the performance of the NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index. Learn more.
3x ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds) Dow Jones ETF. An exchange-traded fund, or ETF, is an investment product representing a basket of securities that track an index such as the Standard & Poor's 500 Index.
Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X Shares (JNUG) 180518C00014500-JNUG-CALL Get free stock options quotes including option chains with call and put prices, viewable by expiration date, most active, and more at NASDAQ.com
Real-time trade and investing ideas on Direxion Daily Gold Miners Bull 3X Shrs NUGT from the largest community of traders and investors.
The Junior Gold Miners 3X ETFs seek daily investment results of +300% or -300% the performance of the Market Vectors Junior Gold Miners Index. Learn more today.
Direxion Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X Shares (NUGT) Options Chain Get free stock options quotes including option chains with call and put prices, viewable by expiration date, most active, and more at NASDAQ.com
At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life.
Daily Jigsaw Puzzle Puzzle of the Day JigZone.comFree daily jigsaw puzzles, choose your puzzle cut, new picture daily. Passion Flower Passiflora, the passion flowers are mostly vines, with some
Medical Center is a major participating site for an ACGME Internal Medicine Residency. This program is sponsored by UCF College of Medicine and is part of a Consortium with the VA. The IM residency program is a 3 year program accredited for 60 residents. The Associate Program Director will dedicate an average of 20 hours per week to assist the Program Director in the administrative and clinical oversight of the educational program.
• Is currently certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine (ABIM) in either internal medicine or a subspecialty.
• Has a minimum of 3 years of experience as a core teaching faculty or subspecialty clinical education coordinator of an ACGME Internal Medicine Residency.
• Has produced works of scholarly activities as evidenced by peer-reviewed publications, textbook chapters and presentations at local, regional, and/or national professional and scientific society meetings.
We're sorry, the job you are looking for is no longer available, but new jobs are added all the time. Please sign up for job alerts and we will let you know when new jobs are posted. Or, please search again.
Verizon is a global leader delivering innovative communications and technology solutions that improve the way our customers live, work and play.
Have you ever thought about studying abroad, but found yourself wondering where you should begin? Does your degree require an international internship or service learning project? Do you want to find a way to earn college credit while indulging in authentic Italian cuisine? The Education Abroad Getting Started Session has your solution! In these sessions, you will learn about what study abroad options you have available, the questions you should ask when choosing a program, how to apply to your chosen program, and what paperwork you will need to complete in order to make your trip a success.
Description: Getting Started Sessions are informational meetings that are held twice a week throughout the semester for students who are interested in studying abroad. A Getting Started Session provides an overview of the scores of summer, spring break and semester-length programs available to USF students, as well as needed information on the application process, and funding a study abroad program. After attending a Getting Started Session, students may wish to schedule an appointment with one of the advisers to discuss an individual program.
A gleaming black BMW cut in front of Sharla in a two-car-length space. 'You dork!” she said loudly. 'You need your driver's license taken away!” Since her windows were up, the BMW's driver couldn't hear, but her scowl and ranting mouth told it all. Suddenly, shame gripped her heart. A man like that needs to hear words of forgiveness, she thought, more than you need to express your ire. Sharla repented immediately, but the incident couldn't be retracted.
At a missionary meeting, my husband and I and our coworkers angrily discussed the horrific atrocities that one East African country's leader had ordered. 'He needs to be shot!” someone said. In my outraged heart, I agreed. Our area director, who had been quietly listening, said, 'He is a man who needs to know Jesus. Please pray for me as I go next month to tell him that Jesus died for him.” We were stunned into silence and bathed in shame. We had thought of retribution, not bringing the cross of Jesus to a wicked despot.
Telling others what to do and how to do it comes naturally to our sinful nature. Calling down retribution on those who cross our wills comes just as easily. Two of Jesus' disciples were known as the 'Sons of Thunder” because of their fiery tempers and their penchant to angrily judge others.
Actually, it is no more difficult for us to say to those who cut us off in traffic, 'Welcome, my friend. Take whatever place you want in traffic. I'm glad to accommodate you!” We will feel much better if we respond with words of kindness. Speaking with a smile is icing on the cake! Why should we let others, through their selfishness, control our temper?
Jesus, our example, called out to His Father concerning those who had nailed him to the cross, ''Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing'” (Luke 23:34). If Jesus could beg God for forgiveness for His murderers, shouldn't we discipline ourselves to forgive those who merely annoy us?
An old Cherokee explained to his grandson about the battle that goes on inside a person. 'It is a battle between two wolves. One wolf is Evil. Its characteristics are anger, envy, sorrow, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, resentment, lies, false pride, and ego.
'The other wolf is Good. Its characteristics are joy, peace, love, hope, serenity, humility, kindness, benevolence, truth, compassion, and faith.”
Jesus said, ''Bless those who curse you, pray for those who mistreat you. If someone strikes you on one cheek, turn to him the other also. . . . Do to others as you would have them do to you'” (Luke 6: 28,31).
'Do not repay anyone evil for evil. Be careful to do what is right in the eyes of everybody. If it is possible, as far as it depends on you, live at peace with everyone. Do not take revenge, my friends, but leave room for God's wrath, for it is written: 'It is mine to avenge; I will repay,' says the Lord” (Romans 12: 17-19).
Roger Ailes, a former media consultant to the Nixon administration (see Summer 1970) who proposed a White House-run “news network” that would promote Republican-generated propaganda over what he calls “liberal” news reporting (see Summer 1970), moves on to try the idea in the private venue. Ailes works with a project called Television News Incorporated (TVN), a propaganda venue funded by right-wing beer magnate Joseph Coors. Conservative activist and Coors confidant Paul Weyrich will later call Ailes “the godfather behind the scenes” of TVN. To cloak the “news” outlet’s far-right slant, Ailes coins the slogan “Fair and Balanced” for TVN. In 2011, Rolling Stone reporter Tim Dickinson will write: “TVN made no sense as a business. The… news service was designed to inject a far-right slant into local news broadcasts by providing news clips that stations could use without credit—and for a fraction of the true costs of production. Once the affiliates got hooked on the discounted clips, its president explained, TVN would ‘gradually, subtly, slowly’ inject ‘our philosophy in the news.’ The network was, in the words of a news director who quit in protest, a ‘propaganda machine.’” Within weeks of TVN’s inception, its staff of professional journalists eventually has enough of the overt propaganda of their employer and begin defying management orders; Coors and TVN’s top management fire 16 staffers and bring in Ailes to run the operation. The operation is never successful, but during his tenure at TVN, Ailes begins plotting the development of a right-wing news network very similar in concept to the as-yet-unborn Fox News. TVN plans to invest millions in satellite distribution that would allow it not only to distribute news clips to other broadcasters, but to provide a full newscast with its own anchors and crew (a model soon used by CNN). Dickinson will write, “For Ailes, it was a way to extend the kind of fake news that he was regularly using as a political strategist.” Ailes tells a Washington Post reporter in 1972: “I know certain techniques, such as a press release that looks like a newscast. So you use it because you want your man to win.” Ailes contracts with Ford administration officials to produce propaganda for the federal government, providing news clips and scripts to the US Information Agency. Ailes insists that the relationship is not a conflict of interest. Unfortunately for Ailes and Coors, TVN collapses in 1975. One of its biggest problems is the recalcitrance of its journalists, who continue to resist taking part in what they see as propaganda operations. Ailes biographer Kerwin Swint will later say, “They were losing money and they weren’t able to control their journalists.” In a 2011 article for the online news and commentary magazine Gawker, John Cook will write: “Though it died in 1975, TVN was obviously an early trial run for the powerhouse Fox News would become. The ideas were the same—to route Republican-friendly stories around the gatekeepers at the network news divisions.” Dickinson will write that one of the lessons Ailes learns from TVN, and will employ at Fox, is to hire journalists who put ideological committment ahead of journalistic ethics—journalists who will “toe the line.” [Rolling Stone, 5/25/2011; Gawker, 6/30/2011] Ailes will go on to found Fox News, using the “fair and balanced” slogan to great effect (see October 7, 1996 and 1995).
Representatives William Moorhead (D-PA) and Frank Horton (R-NY) cosponsor a series of amendments designed to improve the effectiveness of the 1966 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). The law is designed to make it easier for journalists, researchers, and citizens to see government records, but in practice the law is cumbersome: agencies have little impetus to produce documents in a timely manner, charge exorbitant fees for searching and copying documents, and too often battle FOIA requests in court. With Watergate fresh in legislators’ minds, the amendments to FOIA are welcome changes. The amendments expand the federal agencies covered, and mandate expediting of document and record requests. But as the bill nears final passage, senior officials of the Ford White House are mobilizing to challenge it. The CIA, Defense and Treasury Departments, Civil Service, and many on President Ford’s staff, including Deputy Chief of Staff Dick Cheney, all urge a veto. Most bothersome is the provision that a court can review a federal decision not to release a document requested under FOIA. Ford will veto the bill, but Congress will override the vetoes (see November 20, 1974). [Dubose and Bernstein, 2006, pp. 29-30]
Richard Nixon’s presidential documents—46 million pieces of paper and 950 reels of recording tape—are being packed up in boxes and stored throughout the White House, the Executive Office Building (EOB), and other locations. The question is, should all the materials be turned over to Nixon, as he insists, or retained for evidence in upcoming Watergate trials? President Ford wants to stay out of the dispute. Ford’s staff learns that White House aides still loyal to Nixon are stuffing documents into “burn bags” at an extraordinary rate, and the White House “burn room,” where documents are chemically destroyed, is overflowing, with cartons of documents stacking up in the halls. Ford orders his staff to guard the materials and prevent them from being destroyed or removed. Unfortunately, the problem is not so easily resolved. Ford’s staffers are working out of the EOB, and Nixon’s people command the West Wing, where they show little inclination to obey any directives from Ford’s people. One of Ford’s attorneys, Benton Becker, tries to prevent Army soldiers from loading a truck with boxes full of Nixon materials; the truck will convey the materials to Andrews Air Force Base, where they will be flown to California. When Becker tells the colonel in charge that Ford has ordered the documents to remain, the colonel retorts, “I take my orders from General Haig” [Alexander Haig, Nixon’s chief of staff]. Becker tells White House security not to let the truck leave the grounds, and informs Ford, who angrily confronts Haig. Haig denies any knowledge of the situation and says the colonel must be acting on his own, an explanation Becker finds hard to believe. Like it or not, Ford is now involved in the custody battle over Nixon’s documents. [Werth, 2006, pp. 33-35]
The White House announces that none of former President Richard Nixon’s documents and tapes will be released to him, but will instead remain in White House custody pending a resolution of the legal issues surrounding the materials. Nixon has correctly argued that all other presidents routinely receive their files and documents upon leaving office, but these are extraordinary circumstances and Nixon has no constitutional or legal right to those materials. President Ford’s counsel, Philip Buchen, speaking for Ford, notes that the decision to keep the files “in no way constitutes a denial” that they legally belong to Nixon. Another of Ford’s counselors, Robert Hartmann, later writes that the key to this question is not Nixon’s desire for the files or the Watergate prosecutors’ equal desire for them, but that “Ford wanted to get rid of them. He had no desire to be the daily arbiter of this no-win contest. Nixon’s files were a millstone hung around his fledgling presidency. He desperately wanted to cut himself free.” [Werth, 2006, pp. 83-84]
Republican political adviser and corporate lobbyist Bryce Harlow recommends former New York governor Nelson Rockefeller over former ambassador and current Republican National Committee chairman George H.W. Bush to serve as vice president (see August 20, 1974). Bush may be a better choice for party harmony, Harlow says, but that choice would be considered indecisive and overly partisan. On the other hand, Rockefeller, a liberal Republican, would be considered a “bold” choice and “would be hailed by the media normally most hostile to Republicans.” Rockefeller’s selection would also “encourage estranged groups to return to the Party and would signal that the new president will not be captive of any political faction.”
Watergate Allegations against Rockefeller - Rockefeller’s naming as vice president, strongly supported by President Ford, is briefly held up by unfounded allegations that Rockefeller hired thugs to disrupt the 1972 Democratic National Convention, and that the papers to prove the allegations were stolen from the offices of convicted Watergate burglar E. Howard Hunt. The charges are leveled by an elderly anti-Communist activist named Hamilton Long. The story leaks to the press, and Ford, taking no chances, orders the FBI to investigate Rockefeller, Bush, and senior staff aide Donald Rumsfeld for possible selection as the vice president. Long’s allegations prove baseless when Watergate investigators locate the safety deposit boxes in which Long says the documents are stored, and find the boxes empty.
Ford Offers VP - After learning that Rockefeller is free of any Watergate taint, Ford privately asks him to accept the vice presidency. Rockefeller will have strong influence on the Ford administration’s domestic and economic policies, Ford promises, and, additionally, Rockefeller will be Ford’s vice presidential choice in the 1976 presidential elections. The last obstacle is the press, which is all but convinced that the White House is involved in another Watergate cover-up, this time with Ford at the helm. A White House source tells reporters that the so-called “Rockefeller Papers” are nothing more than a hoax concocted by “right-wing extremists who decided it would be useful to blacken the name of Governor Rockefeller.” The explanations by press secretary Jerald terHorst, himself a former reporter, and terHorst’s acceptance of the blame for giving confusing and somewhat misleading information about the Rockefeller allegations, somewhat mollifies the press. White House counsel Robert Hartmann recalls the Long incident and its handling as an example of the inexperience of the Ford staff and of Ford himself. “[W]e were all babes in the White House,” he later writes. “We had done the right thing and truthfully told what we had done, but it was unfair to Rockefeller to give presidential credence to Long’s hearsay. And of course, the press castigated us for that the next day.” [Werth, 2006, pp. 93-105]
August 22, 1974: Pentagon, Joint Chiefs ‘Kept Watch’ on Nixon to Prevent Coup Attempt, Newspaper Reports
The Washington Post prints a small, almost-buried story entitled “Pentagon Kept Watch on Military.” The relatively innocuous headline conceals a potentially explosive charge—that during the final days of the Nixon administration, Defense Secretary James Schlesinger and the Joint Chiefs of Staff had “kept a close watch to make certain that no orders were given to military units outside the normal chain of command.” The article, careful in its word choices, says the extraordinary alert was “based on hypothetical situations that could arise during a period when President Nixon’s hold on the presidency was not clear.… Specifically, there was concern that an order could go to a military unit outside the chain of command for some sort of action against Congress during the time between a House impeachment and a Senate trial on the impeachment charge.” Pentagon sources say no one has any evidence that any such action was being contemplated, but steps were taken to ensure that no military commander would take an order from the White House or anywhere else that did not come through military channels. The implication is clear: Pentagon officials worried that Nixon might use certain elements of the military to stage some sort of coup. Schlesinger gives the story “legs” by issuing the following non-denial: “I did assure myself that there would be no question about the proper constitutional and legislated chain of command, and there never was any question.” [Werth, 2006, pp. 174-175]
Ronald Reagan and Gerald Ford at a Los Angeles hotel, October 1974. [Source: David Hume Kennerly / Vanity Fair]The Republican governor of California, Ronald Reagan, has until now been undecided whether to run for president in 1976 against Ford. But Nelson Rockefeller’s nomination as vice president (see August 20, 1974) galvanizes Reagan and his team. Conservative Republicans begin gathering under Reagan’s banner to oppose what they see as an unacceptably left-leaning 1976 ticket of Ford and Rockefeller. Reagan is not universally popular in the GOP: Richard Nixon thought him “strange” and not “pleasant to be around.” For his part, Reagan has until now staunchly supported Nixon throughout the Watergate debacle, but has begun exhorting young conservatives to forget Nixon and embrace conservative ideology. At a Maryland fund-raising party, Reagan tells the crowd that the Ford administration must reassert what he calls the “mandate of 1972,” when Nixon trounced Democratic presidential candidate George McGovern in the most lopsided victory in modern US history. By re-electing Nixon so overwhelmingly, Reagan says, “voters rejected an invitation to Utopia and reaffirmed the basic values from which our system was built. They voted for fiscal responsibility and individual determination of their own destinies.… They repudiated the idea that government should grow bigger and bigger, that we should embrace more costly programs to alleviate human misery—programs that somehow never succeed no matter how much money is spent on them. The mandate of 1972 was a matter of the people vs. big government. The people, I believe, have given the government a mandate which they expect to be enforced.” [Werth, 2006, pp. 180-181]
The Senate votes 55-24 to pass a resolution opposing any more Watergate pardons (see September 8, 1974) until defendants can be tried, rendered a verdict, and exhaust their appeals process, if appropriate. The House of Representatives passes two resolutions asking the White House to submit “full and complete information and facts” regarding the pardon for former President Richard Nixon. [Werth, 2006, pp. 332] In the following months, Congress, angry at the crimes that engendered the pardon, will impose restrictions on the presidency designed to ensure that none of President Nixon’s excesses can ever again take place, a series of restrictions that many in the Ford White House find objectionable. None object more strenuously than Deputy Chief of Staff Dick Cheney. [Dubose and Bernstein, 2006, pp. 28]
December 19, 1974 and After: Rockefeller Sworn in as Vice President; Influence Blocked by Rumsfeld, Right-Wingers
Nelson Rockefeller is sworn in as vice president (see August 20, 1974). [Rockefeller Family Archives, 6/7/2007]
Bad Blood and Confirmation Difficulties - Rockefeller has trouble even before taking office. Branded as a liberal by many in the Republican Party, and winning as many enemies as friends with his outsized ego and gladhanding demeanor, Rockefeller garnered swift and obdurate resistance particularly from the right wing both outside the White House (see August 24, 1974) and in (see September 21, 1974 and After). During the Senate’s confirmation hearings, many Democrats and some Republicans relished forcing Rockefeller, one of the wealthiest men in the country, to open his finances to public scrutiny. Even President Ford privately expresses his astonishment. “Can you imagine?” he asked during the hearings. “Nelson lost $30 million in one year and it didn’t make any difference.” When it was revealed that Rockefeller had given huge personal contributions to lawmakers and government officials—including Secretary of State Henry Kissinger—in the form of “loans” that never needed repaying, the Senate hearings became even more inquisitorial. The hearings dragged on for months until Ford personally intervened, telling House and Senate leaders that it was “in the national interest that you confirm Rockefeller, and I’m asking you to move as soon as possible.” [US Senate, 7/7/2007]
Cheney Wanted Reagan - Deputy Chief of Staff Dick Cheney, far more conservative than either Ford or Rockefeller, opposes Rockefeller’s influence from the start, and works with his boss, Chief of Staff Donald Rumsfeld, to minimize Rockefeller’s influence. In 1986, Cheney will say that Ford “should have thought of Ronald Reagan as vice president in the summer of 1974, if you are talking strictly in political terms.” [Dubose and Bernstein, 2006, pp. 38]
Domestic Squabbles - Both Ford and Rockefeller want the new vice president to be what Ford calls “a full partner” in his administration, particularly on domestic issues. Ford appoints him to chair the Domestic Council, but behind the scenes, Rockefeller’s implacable enemy, Rumsfeld, who sees Rockefeller as a “New Deal” economic liberal, blocks his influence at every term, both from personal and ideological dislike and from a desire to keep power in the White House to himself and his small, close-knit aides. (Cheney, ever attentive to indirect manipulations, inflames Rumsfeld’s dislike of Rockefeller even further by suggesting to his nakedly ambitious boss that if Rockefeller was too successful in implementing domestic policy, he would be perceived as “the man responsible for drafting the agenda of 1976,” thus limiting Rumsfeld’s chances of being named vice president in Ford’s re-election campaign (see November 4, 1975 and After). When Rockefeller tries to implement Ford’s suggested policy that domestic policymakers report to Ford through Rockefeller, Rumsfeld interferes. When Rockefeller names one of his trusted assistants, James Cannon, to head the Domestic Council, Rumsfeld slashes the Council’s budget almost to zero. When Rockefeller proposes a $100 billion Energy Independence Authority, with the aim to reduce and perhaps even end the nation’s dependency on foreign energy sources, Rumsfeld joins Ford’s economic and environmental advisers to block its creation. When Rockefeller proposes an idea for the president to Rumsfeld, Rumsfeld hands it off to Cheney, who ensures that it dies a quiet, untraceable bureaucratic death.
Rockefeller Neutralized - Cheney later recalls that Rockefeller “came to a point where he was absolutely convinced that Don Rumsfeld and myself were out to scuttle whatever new initiatives he could come up with.” Rumsfeld and other Ford staffers ensure that Rockefeller is not involved in key policy meetings; when Ford proposes large cuts in federal taxes and spending, Rockefeller complains, “This is the most important move the president has made, and I wasn’t even consulted.” Asked what he is allowed to do as vice president, Rockefeller answers: “I go to funerals. I go to earthquakes.” He says, only half sardonically, that redesigning the vice-presidential seal is “the most important thing I’ve done.” [Dubose and Bernstein, 2006, pp. 38-39; US Senate, 7/7/2007]
Following in Rockefeller's Footsteps - Ironically, when Cheney becomes vice president in 2001, he uses what Rockefeller intended to do as a model for his own, extremely powerful vice presidency. James Cannon, who came into the Ford administration with Rockefeller, will marvel in 2006, “Cheney is now doing what he and Rumsfeld blocked Rockefeller from doing—influencing policy.” [Dubose and Bernstein, 2006, pp. 39-40]
The administration of Gerald Ford produces a strategy paper commending Iran’s decision to develop a massive nuclear energy industry. The document cites Iran’s energy security as a prime reason for supporting the plan. Tehran needs to “prepare against the time—about 15 years in the future—when Iranian oil production is expected to decline sharply,” the paper says. The “introduction of nuclear power will both provide for the growing needs of Iran’s economy and free remaining oil reserves for export or conversion to petrochemicals.” [Washington Post, 3/27/2005]
Secretary of State Henry Kissinger circulates National Security Decision Memorandum 292 on “US-Iran Nuclear Cooperation” outlining the administration’s negotiating strategy for the sale of nuclear energy equipment to Iran. The document states the government would permit “US material to be fabricated into fuel in Iran for use in its own reactors and for pass through to third countries with whom [the US has] agreements.” According to the document, the administration would “[a]gree to set the fuel ceiling at the level reflecting the approximate number of nuclear reactors planned for purchase from US suppliers,” but would consider increasing the ceiling “to cover Iran’s entitlement” from their proposed $1 billion investment in a 20 percent stake in one of the private US uranium enrichment facilities that would be supplying Iran. The strategy paper also explains under what terms the Ford administration would be willing to grant Iran approval to reprocess US supplied fuel. [US National Security Council, 4/22/1975; Washington Post, 3/27/2005] Three decades later, Kissinger will tell the Washington Post that the Ford administration was never concerned about the possibility of Iran building nuclear weapons or the potential for proliferation. “I don’t think the issue of proliferation came up,” he will recall. “They were an allied country, and this was a commercial transaction. We didn’t address the question of them one day moving toward nuclear weapons.” [Washington Post, 3/27/2005]
Map of the Cambodian coast showing the island of Koh Tang. [Source: American Merchant Marine at War]A US cargo ship, the SS Mayaguez, is seized by the Cambodian navy in the Gulf of Siam. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger urges retaliatory action to punish the Cambodians and retake the ship, arguing that the US must let the Communist forces in Southeast Asia know that, even though the US has withdrawn from South Vietnam, the US would defend itself and its interests. President Ford agrees. Without asking or even consulting Congress, Ford, calling the capture of the Mayaguez an “act of piracy,” orders US Marines to attack Cambodian warships and storm the island of Koh Tang (sometimes spelled Kaoh Tang) where the crew of the Mayaguez is believed to be held prisoner. On May 15, some 180 Marines storm the island in a helicopter assault, with light air support. [American Merchant Marine at War, 6/5/2000; Savage, 2007, pp. 31-33]
Violation of Constitution, Law - Ford briefs Congressional leaders after the fact; the leaders agree that the attack is the right decision, but sharply disagree with how Ford carried out the decision. A 1971 law prohibits the use of ground forces in Cambodia, and the 1973 War Powers Resolution requires advance consultation with Congress “in every possible instance.” Speaker of the House Carl Albert (D-OK) reminds Ford, “There are charges on the floor [of the House] that you have violated the law.” And Senate Majority Whip Robert Byrd (D-WV) asks why Ford did not inform Congressional leaders before ordering the attacks, saying, “I’m for getting the ship back, but I think you should have given them a chance to urge caution.” Ford replies: “It is my constitutional responsibility to command the forces and to protect Americans.… We have a separation of powers. The president is the commander in chief so long as he is within the law. I exercised my power under the law and I complied with the law. I would never forgive myself if the Marines had been attacked.”
'Nerve and Steel' - The Mayaguez and her crew are recovered, and Ford’s decision is hailed by media outlets such as Newsweek as a “daring show of nerve and steel,” a “classic show of gunboat diplomacy,” and “a four star political and diplomatic victory.… It was swift and tough—and it worked.” [Savage, 2007, pp. 31-33]
Facts Far Different from Initial Reporting - But subsequent information shows that the initial reports of the US military action were false. The government will claim that one Marine died and 13 were wounded in the invasion of the Cambodian island. In reality, 40 soldiers die—15 in the initial assault (13 Marines and two Air Force soldiers), 23 Marines in a helicopter crash, and three Marines who are inadvertently left behind, captured by the Cambodians, and executed. Forty-four Marines and six Air Force soldiers are wounded. The US expected maybe two dozen Cambodian soldiers on the island, but in actuality well over 200 heavily armed and entrenched Cambodian soldiers were in place. The crew of the Mayaguez had never been on the island; the Cambodians had taken them to the mainland. And the Cambodian government had already publicly announced it was releasing the vessel and the crew before the attack began—Ford had not yet received the message when he authorized the Marine assault. Marines had stormed the Mayaguez and found no one on board; the crew was at sea in a fishing boat when the Marines launched their attack. It is never completely clear why the ruling Khmer Rouge releases the crew so quickly; some speculate intervention by China or Israel. But the facts of the incident, and the unexpectedly large number of deaths and injuries, are submerged in a wave of patriotic fervor that sweeps the country. A Ford administration official will later admit to Newsweek that the operation had been “the sheerest sort of jingoism,” but, he will argue, it worked to perfection, “and nobody challenges success.” Overwhelmed by the outpouring of public support for Ford and the “rescue” of the Mayaguez, Congress quickly shelves its objections to Ford’s usurpation of Constitutional principles. In 2007, reporter and author Charlie Savage will write, “The Mayaguez incident revealed just how difficult it would be for Congress to rein in a president once troops were committed.” [American Merchant Marine at War, 6/5/2000; Savage, 2007, pp. 31-33]
Bella Abzug. [Source: Spartacus Educational]Staffers from the Church Committee (see April, 1976), slated with investigating illegal surveillance operations conducted by the US intelligence community, approach the NSA for information about Operation Shamrock (see 1945-1975). The NSA ostensibly closes Shamrock down the very same day the committee staffers ask about the program. Though the Church Committee focuses on a relatively narrow review of international cables, the Pike Committee in the House (see January 29, 1976) is much more far-ranging. The Pike Committee tries and fails to subpoena AT&T, which along with Western Union collaborated with the government in allowing the NSA to monitor international communications to and from the US. The government protects AT&T by declaring it “an agent of the United States acting under contract with the Executive Branch.” A corollary House subcommittee investigation led by Bella Abzug (D-NY)—who believes that Operation Shamrock continues under a different name—leads to further pressure on Congress to pass a legislative remedy. The Ford administration’s counterattack is given considerable assistance by a young lawyer at the Justice Department named Antonin Scalia. The head of the Office of Legal Counsel, Scalia’s arguments in favor of continued warrantless surveillance and the unrestricted rights and powers of the executive branch—opposed by, among others, Scalia’s boss, Attorney General Edward Levi—do not win out this time; Ford’s successor, Jimmy Carter, ultimately signs into law the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (see 1978). But Scalia’s incisive arguments win the attention of powerful Ford officials, particularly Chief of Staff Donald Rumsfeld and Rumsfeld’s assistant, Dick Cheney. [Dubose and Bernstein, 2006, pp. 36-37] Scalia will become a Supreme Court Justice in 1986 (see September 26, 1986).
May 25, 1975: Journalist Reveals US Spy Program; Cheney Recommends Burglaries and Indictments as Retaliation
Investigative journalist Seymour Hersh publishes an explosive story in the New York Times, revealing that US submarines are tapping into Soviet communications cables inside the USSR’s three-mile territorial limit. Hersh notes that his inside sources gave him the information in hopes that it would modify administration policy: they believe that using submarines in this manner violates the spirit of detente and is more risky than using satellites to garner similar information. The reaction inside both the Pentagon and the White House is predictably agitated. Chief of Staff Donald Rumsfeld, traveling in Europe with President Ford, delegates his deputy Dick Cheney to formulate the administration’s response. Cheney goes farther than most administration officials would have predicted. He calls a meeting with Attorney General Edward Levi and White House counsel Philip Buchan to discuss options. Cheney’s first thought is to either engineer a burglary of Hersh’s home to find classified documents, or to obtain search warrants and have Hersh’s home legally ransacked. He also considers having a grand jury indict Hersh and the Times over their publication of classified information. “Will we get hit with violating the 1st amendment to the constitution[?]” Cheney writes in his notes of the discussion. Levi manages to rein in Cheney; since the leak and the story do not endanger the spying operations, the White House ultimately decides to let the matter drop rather than draw further attention to it. Interestingly, Cheney has other strings to his bow; he writes in his notes: “Can we take advantage of [the leak] to bolster our position on the Church committee investigation (see April, 1976)? To point out the need for limits on the scope of the investigation?” [Dubose and Bernstein, 2006, pp. 34-35]